The phone call came at around 4.20 pm on Saturday .
A bomb had been dropped on the house at our small farm in northern Gaza .
My father was walking from the gate to the farmhouse at the time .
It was our beloved place , that farm and its two - storey white house with a red roof .
Nestled in a flat fertile agricultural plain north - west of Beit Lahiya , it had lemon groves , orange and apricot trees and we had recently acquired 60 dairy cows .
It was the closest farm to the northern border with Israel .
Ironically , we always thought the biggest danger there was not from Israeli troops , who usually went straight past if they were mounting an incursion , but from stray Hamas rockets aimed at the Israeli towns north of us .
But shortly before sunset on Saturday , as Israeli ground troops and tanks invaded Gaza in the name of shutting down Hamas rocket sites , the peace of that place was shattered and my father 's life extinguished at the age of 48 .
Warplanes and helicopters had swept in , bombing and firing to open up the space for the tanks and ground forces that would follow in the darkness .
It was one of those F16 airstrikes that killed my father .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The house was reduced to little more than powder , and of Dad there was nothing much left either .
" Just a pile of flesh , " my uncle , who found him in the rubble , said later with brutal honesty .
Like most Gazans , my mother , my sisters and my wife – who is nine months ' pregnant – and I have spent the past week of the Israeli onslaught trapped inside our flat in the city .
But my father had decided to stay up at the farm ; he knew it would be impossible to get back to tend the livestock if the expected troop invasion began .
But he called us every day .
The last time I saw him was on Thursday when he brought cash and a bag of flour .
We talked about the imminent birth of my first child and how we would get my wife , Alaa , to hospital amid the bombing and chaos .
Of course , on Saturday evening there was no hope of getting an ambulance up to the farm because the roads were cut off by the Israelis .
So my uncle and brother drove the 8 km and the rest of us sat , in shock , shivering in the dark apartment , bed covers over us to keep warm , the sound of non -stop tank shelling around us .
Deep down we all knew Dad was dead .
He would have been in or near the house , and if an F16 strikes directly at your house you know what it means .
They arrived to find a smoking pile of rubble .
Most of the cows lay dead ; others had run off injured .
Mahmoud , a teenage relative , was with my father when the Israeli bomb smashed into the house .
The force of the airstrike threw him 300 metres .
They found Mahmoud 's body in a neighbour 's field .
We buried my father and Mahmoud yesterday morning in a very quick funeral , knowing Israeli tanks were just 3 km away , on the outskirts of the city .
We could hear the rattle of the machine - gun fire accompanying the tanks .
The Israelis may say there were militants in the area of our farm , but I 'll never believe it .
The most advanced point for rocket - launchers is 6 km south .
Up at the border , it is just open farmland with nowhere to hide .
My father , Akrem al - Ghoul , was no militant .
Born in Gaza and educated in Egypt , he was a lawyer and a judge who worked for the Palestinian Authority .
After Hamas took over , he quit and turned to agriculture .
Dad 's father , Fares , who had been driven out of his home in what is now Israeli Ashkelon in 1948 , had bought the land in the 1960s .
During the second intifada and until the Israelis withdrew from Gaza in 2005 , the farm was taken over by Israeli settlers , but after 2005 we went there every holiday .
In Gaza , the only escape is the beach or , if you are lucky enough , the farmland .
My father hated what Hamas was doing to Gaza 's legal system , introducing Islamist justice , and he completely opposed violence .
He would have worked hard for a just settlement with Israel and a better future for Palestinians .
When the PA gained control over the West Bank , he moved to Ramallah to help establish the courts there .
My grief carries no desire for revenge , which I know to be always in vain .
But , in truth , as a grieving son , I am finding it hard to distinguish between what the Israelis call terrorists and the Israeli pilots and tank crews who are invading Gaza .
What is the difference between the pilot who blew my father to pieces and the militant who fires a small rocket ?
I have no answers but , just as I am to become a father , I have lost my father .
With Microsoft touting the Xbox 360's 28 - million - unit worldwide sales milestone , Sony has responded by saying that sales of its PlayStation 3 also increased .
Speaking with GameSpot , a Sony Computer Entertainment America rep said that the console sold 40 percent more units in the US and Canada than the year prior .
Sales of the console more than doubled during the holiday season , rising 130 percent during the last 10 weeks of 2008 .
The spike came as a result of the introduction of the new $ 399 80 GB model in late August , followed by the $ 499 160 GB variant -- bundled with Uncharted : Drake 's Fortune - - in November .
Though big on percentages , Sony declined to release hard PS3 sales figures .
However , last January , the NPD Group reported that 2.56 million PS3s were sold at US retailers in 2007 .
If US sales did increase by 40 percent year - on - year in 2008 , then Sony sold just short of 3.6 million PS3s domestically during the year .
Canadian sales figures were unavailable as of press time , making an overall North American estimate impossible .
As for worldwide PS3 sales , Sony declined to comment on Microsoft 's assertion this morning that Sony has sold 20 million units of the console since its November 2006 launch .
Reps said such numbers are typically announced as part of the company 's quarterly earnings reports , the next of which is expected at the end of this month .
Sony reps also said they had no knowledge whether or not Sony CEO Sir Howard Stringer would announce any figures as part of his Consumer Electronics
Show keynote on Thursday .
European media reports predict that Sony will unveil a " sweeping " restructuring either at or immediately after the Las Vegas event , which GameSpot will be covering later this week .
Using a cluster of 200 PS3s , an international group of researchers have crafted a " skeleton key " digital certificate that can perfectly impersonate any website on the internet .
Advertisement
The weak point that allows the technique to work — which researchers will be detailing at the 25th Chaos Communication Congress in Berlin — is the MD5 hash algorithm , which , basically , is what 's used to create a fingerprint that makes it hard to forge digital certificates .
Verisign 's RapidSSL still uses the MD5 hash algorithm .
So , where do the crack - friendly PlayStation 3s come in ?
Well , they have to generate CA certificiate — the certificate that allows them to sign and verify certificates for any other site — and a website certificate that produce the same MD5 hash .
A cluster of 200 PS3s were used to figure out where the MD5 hashes of their forged CA certificate and website certificate " collide , " allowing them to " crunch out their forgery in about three days . "
Advertisement
What 's all this mean ?
David Molnar , a computer science PhD candidate , Threat Level talked to , explains it best : " " We can impersonate Amazon.com and you wo n't notice ...
The padlock will be there and everything will look like it's a perfectly ordinary certificate . "
Thankfully , the hack is hard , but the solution is pretty easy — just switch to a more secure hash , which many companies have done .
Verisign is currently in the process of phasing out the MD5 hash .
[ Threat Level ]
CAMBRIDGE , Mass. , Jan. 18 ( UPI ) -- Some U.S. researchers , stymied by a lack of test subjects , say they have begun using their own children in experiments .
Developmental psychologist Deborah Linebarger said necessity forced her to use four of her own children in experiments regarding how the media impacts children , The New York Times reported Sunday .
Advertisement
" You need subjects , and they 're hard to get , " the Children 's Media Lab researcher at the University of Pennsylvania said .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology researchers Pawan Sinha and Deb Roy also have used their children to fuel their research ambitions .
Sinha attached a camera to his newborn child 's head to capture the child 's point of view for an experiment , while Roy placed video cameras and microphones throughout his home to follow his son 's daily activities .
Center for Research Integrity Director Robert M. Nelson told the Times such research actions are questionable at best as they can bring about an " unpredictable " situation .
" Once that parent becomes an investigator , it sets up an immediate potential conflict of interest , " said Nelson , whose center is located at the Children 's Hospital in Philadelphia .
" And it potentially takes the parent - child relationship and distorts it in ways that are unpredictable . "
Blake Fielder - Civil Ordered Back to Prison
Well that was short - lived .
who was released from prison early on the condition that he enter rehab , is back in the slammer . , his lawyer , confirmed that Blake has indeed landed back in prison .
While his lawyer is n't stating the reason for his return , other sources are saying that the junkie failed a drug test .
What a joke !
That does n't bode well for old Blake because once you are recalled to prison you must serve the remainder of your sentence and for him that means he wo n't set foot outside again until sometime in 2010 .
He was originally sentenced to serve 27 months for attempting to pervert the course of justice .
Last week Fielder - Civil said he needed to let Amy go and admitted that he is the reason for the addiction that is destroying her .
The Sun newspaper reports that he ran from the rehab facility last night in order to see Amy and beg for her forgiveness .
His deeply trouble wife , Amy Winehouse , is currently in the hospital .
Leave her alone Blake and continue on with your own journey to ruin your life .
Maybe , just maybe , someone will be able to help Amy .
By Anna Ochkina , translated from Russian for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal by Renfrey Clarke
January 1 , 2009 --
In the Soviet Union feminism was elevated to the status of official state policy and ultimately was destroyed as an ideology and a social movement .
The dominant concept was one of a general , global equality ; as a result , a separate movement for the rights of women simply could not exist .
The feminist reference points of Soviet social policy took the form of a set of rights for women : employment in the workforce on an equal basis with men ; political rights ; equality before the law , and so forth .
The gaining of formal rights , however , resulted in the restricting of particular , specific rights of women , which in practice proved very difficult to realise .
The reproductive rights of women were recognised in actual social policy only in the 1970s , when extended maternity leave was introduced , and later when women were granted child - raising leave of up to one and a half years with pay and three years without .
It was only quite recently , however , that the equal obligations and rights of parents in child - care matters were spelt out in detail in legislation .
While these rights had been recognised long since in the formal sense , exercising them in practice had been almost impossible .
Fathers were unable to take paid leave in the same way as mothers to look after sick or newborn children .
Rights of both women and men were denied in the case of divorce .
The divorce laws did not allow spouses to resolve in adequate fashion questions such as access to children and the fair division of property .
Nor were there adequate provisions for securing justice in this regard .
In other words , even bourgeois family law did not operate fully , and neither was there any guarantee that the justice possible within its bounds could be obtained .
Despite the official ideology , discrimination against women in the areas of work and politics remained in the USSR .
In post -Soviet Russia , this discrimination has strengthened as a result of the universal violation of labour laws and social entitlements .
The dictatorship of the employer that operates in present - day Russia allows him or her to stipulate that newly hired workers will not give birth during a certain period , or will not take paid time off to look after a sick child .
In the new labour code all the provisions intended to help women combine careers and motherhood are subject to the discretion of the employer , and are no longer obligatory .
Workplace discrimination is evident in the fact that women are invariably forced into the lowest - paid job categories .
Formal rights
The changes enacted under socialism , in other words , gave women a whole set of formal political and social rights , but at the same time the actual policies that were implemented failed to ensure women their specific rights , especially those associated with their particular role in the reproductive process .
Discussion of women ’s problems was forced onto the margins , becoming the province of specific women ’s movements that were totally subject to the official ideology .
There was no broad consideration of such questions as the division of gender roles within the family , the equal responsibility of fathers for looking after children , the consequences of sexual freedom for women , the need to create a new culture of sexual relations , and so forth .
Moreover , traditional and even patriarchal approaches to these questions gradually became established .
Along with economic difficulties , the contradictory nature of social policy in the USSR presented an obstacle to the exercising by women of their rights in all areas of social life .
The official ideology also evolved gradually in the direction of the traditional understanding of " femininity " and " masculinity " .
In one way and another , these stereotypes were supported and developed by the system of child rearing and education .
In the schools , training for work remained segregated , with girls learning housekeeping while boys were taught trades .
It was also mainly girls who were involved in tidying up at school and performing domestic tasks at home .
Nevertheless , the social and economic changes that had led to the emancipation of women and to their participation in the social sphere of production proved irreversible .
Women had been educated , had obtained qualifications , had acquired career ambitions and were exercising their sexual freedom .
But while society was ready to make use of women ’s professional knowledge and skills , it was not fully prepared to recognise their equal rights with men in all areas .
Society did not accept women in leadership roles , and a woman ’s standing was linked not only to her professional and intellectual attributes , but also to her family status .
Gender discrimination existed on the level of stereotypes in the areas of the workplace and professional life .
In the areas of family and intimate personal relationships , extremely free and modern forms and rules of behaviour became combined with traditional stereotypes of the division of roles and responsibilities , in a manner extremely disadvantageous to women .
In other words , men were ready to accept materially independent and sexually liberated women , but were not prepared to change their own behaviour in the family and in intimate relationships .
The reasons for this cultural renaissance of patriarchal gender ideas were the following .
In the first place was the rejection of state - enforced stereotypes , which , moreover , were in continual contradiction with women ’s real dilemmas -- the material problems of the family , arduous work and the unbearable " double shift " of hired work and domestic labour .
The problems of the consumer market in the USSR drained the strength of women above all .
In addition , there were two more reasons for the rebirth of patriarchal ideas : the disproportion in the numerical relationship of the sexes that resulted from the Second World War , and the extremely harsh socioeconomic conditions in which the emancipation occurred .
Russian women simply had no choice ; they found themselves not even consciously desiring freedom , when that freedom was imposed on them and turned into hard labour , in many cases accompanied by loneliness .
Post - Soviet Russia exacerbates discrimination
The shift to market mechanisms did not relieve the problems of Russian women , but exacerbated them .
Occupational and economic discrimination grew stronger with the problems with the economy , with the fall in the number of jobs that were well paid ( or which even paid more than the subsistence minimum ) , and with increased competition between workers in the labour market .
The sharp reduction in the financing of social welfare brought increases in the cost of health care and education at all levels , affecting women most of all .
It also turned out that the years of occupational emancipation of women had not made men completely equal partners in marriage ; instead , men had been freed of moral responsibility for the material and social wellbeing of their families .
In post -Soviet Russia , the poverty and disempowerment of state - sector workers has been mainly a problem of women .
In the USSR education , health care , social services and culture had already been extensively feminised .
The marked decline of earnings and job prestige in these sectors thus affected women above all .
It is perfectly justified to talk of economic discrimination against women in Russia .
Statistical and sociological data show that in Russia , poverty is mainly a problem of women .
Meanwhile , in 40 per cent of Russian families women are the main or sole breadwinners .
Many researchers in Russia have identified a crisis of the family .
This crisis has appeared statistically in the growing divorce rate , declining number of marriages , huge numbers of abortions and falling birth rate .
Sociologists testify that women are disillusioned with the patriarchal family .
As early as the mid-1990s sociological studies were finding that for most women family and career were values of equal significance .
The family has not lost its importance , but work and the chance of professional development have become vitally important to women .
When combined with the super - exploitation of labour in modern - day Russia , where simply ensuring survival and satisfying the most elementary physical , mental and social needs demands a huge work effort , the persistence in society of near - traditional attitudes toward the rights and obligations of women and men in the areas of family and work has driven women into a dead end .
Women are forced to dash continually between work and family , while in order to achieve and maintain their professional status , they are compelled to work twice or three times as hard as their male colleagues .
Meanwhile , sociological research shows that working women who are married with children constantly feel guilty toward their families .
In the prevailing social consciousness , for a woman to neglect her family and parental responsibilities , even for the sake of work and a career , is almost criminal .
For a man it is almost a mark of honour , or at least is considered natural .
This is the case even though women are now the main or sole breadwinners in 40 per cent of Russian families .
Ideological pressure
During the period of market reforms , the ideological pressure imposed by society on Russian women has increased rather than diminishing .
Surveys thus show that women experience professional and career discrimination , along with growing anxiety at the burden of combined family and occupational responsibilities .
The fact that the status of women as " second - rank " workers is vanishing into the past has brought few changes to the gender structure of employment , especially at points higher up the scale .
The areas of the economy that are most " feminised " are those in which the need for high qualifications is combined with relatively low wages -- education , culture , health care and social welfare .
Even in these spheres , however , the top posts are usually held by men .
Sociologists also note the so - called " guilt before society " felt by single and childless women .
The mass media and mass culture put about the image of women as sex objects and commodities .
There is also the counterposed tendency to extol the " natural " destiny of women to be mothers .
At the same time , no real initiatives are being taken in social policy , and the efforts to stimulate the birth rate are having , and will have , contradictory social consequences .
Quietly being circulated in the press are discussions of the moral significance of abortion , and of the possibility of banning it or of equating it with murder -- that is , of once again outlawing it .
Meanwhile , it is essential to note that we are now losing even those gains in the area of support for mothers and children that were made earlier .
In light of the standards of contraceptive and sexual behaviour that have become established among us ( and of the prices of contraceptives ) such trends in social policy , or even simply in public opinion , can result in the harsh exploitation of women ’s reproductive function .
Social change needed
In Russia , the economic pressure of the market is thus combined in dramatic fashion with patriarchal ( and at times simply barbaric ) cultural stereotypes .
Nevertheless , the need which our women have for feminist theory is an objective reality .
Women in Russia are energetic , educated and capable of independence .
If women in this country show a certain reluctance to accept feminism , this is in the first place a reaction to the distortion that feminism suffered during the socialist period .
Second , it stems from the weight of the social and economic problems that women often find unbearable , and that force them to rely on support from their families and from men .
Also of importance are feelings of emotional powerlessness in the face of social traditions and stereotypes .
It should be noted that because of their greater social vulnerability -- which is objectively determined -- and because of their status and role in the economy ( including in the sphere of unpaid reproductive labour ) , women also have an even greater objective need than men for radical social change .
As a result of their role in the reproductive process ; of the historically established gender disproportions in the assigning of social roles , power and resources ; and of the existing gender structure of employment , women may be subject to dual or even triple exploitation compared to men .
This , however , does not in any way turn men and women into enemies .
What it does is to make the majority of women objectively the enemies of capitalism and of capitalist exploitation .
In politics , and on the left , it is still less true that men and women are enemies .
Here too , one must look to the gender distribution of roles and status in all areas of social life , and to the existing stereotypes of social behaviour .
Feminist theory requires renewing , so that it can become adequate to the needs of women and of all of Russian society .
The theory must take into account both the social changes that have occurred and the objective necessities which have manifested themselves .
The feminist movement must develop not as a separate movement of women campaigning for specific rights , not as a movement aimed against men in the name of an abstract concept of freedom , but as an organic part of a social movement striving for full - blooded social welfare policies and for transformations of a socialist nature .
Specific women ’s movements are inevitably limited in their social effectiveness .
As local social movements , they cannot make a political impact , since they are unable to advance a clear and rounded political program .
Women already possess a full range of formal rights .
Social projects aimed at ensuring real rights for women can only be implemented within a context of broad social change .
Partial and limited initiatives in this case turn into a caricature of the very concept of sexual equality , discrediting feminism as an idea and as a project .
Problems of the Russian left
The problem of the left in Russia lies in an organic failure to accept feminism in any form .
There is an almost complete failure to conceive of gender problems within the context of the left movement and of the tasks of social change .
For the most part , the left limits itself to declarations on equal rights , the rights of women , and so on .
This cultural peculiarity of the Russian left has the result that questions of gender , and acute social problems linked with gender disproportions and contradictions , are not discussed at all at the source of left politics .
Consequently , the official interpretation of these questions often remains the only one , while the initiatives of the authorities in the field of so - called demographic policy rate as the sole constructive proposals , despite their one - sidedness and the complete lack of any sign that they are socially effective .
An authentic equality of the sexes is possible only through realising the specific needs of men and women as natural and inviolable human requirements .
Engels understood the movement for the rights of women not as a " special women ’s movement " , but as " the women ’s side of the workers ’ movement … "
Hence the task of the left in the first instance is to discuss the problems of women as questions of universal significance .
Abortion , violence within the family and questions of child - rearing are not specific problems of women , and require a thorough reorienting of social policy if they are to be adequately dealt with .
It is essential that women be drawn into political activity as partners with equal rights .
Their problems must be addressed as general ones , and their occupational , social and sexual rights must be defended within the context of realising the universal rights of human beings .
The Transatlantic Telegraph Cable
Gillian Cookson
EIGHTH WONDER OF THE WORLD
Gillian Cookson describes how the first physical link across the Atlantic was finally achieved .
IN 1858 A TELEGRAM of ninety - eight words from Queen Victoria to President James Buchanan of the United States opened a new era in global communication .
The Queen 's message of congratulation took sixteen and a half hours to transmit through the new transatlantic telegraph cable .
After White House staff had satisfied themselves that it was not a hoax , the President sent a reply of 143 words in a relatively rapid ten hours .
Without the cable , a despatch in one direction alone would have taken perhaps twelve days by the speediest combination of inland telegraph and fast steamer .
The Atlantic crossing had been achieved only at the third attempt , and until the first messages passed on August 17th , 1858 , it was by no means certain that the project was technically feasible .
Once its success had become clear , as far as the public was concerned all doubts melted away , to be replaced by huge enthusiasm .
The impact of the first telegraphic communication between Europe and America is hard to appreciate now .
The Times enthused :
More was done yesterday for the consolidation of our Empire than the wisdom of our statesmen , the liberality of our Legislature , or the loyalty of our colonists could ever have effected .
Distance between Canada and England is annihilated .
The United States celebrated its new closeness to Europe .
City Hall in New York was alight with candles and fireworks .
On September 1st , a procession filled Broadway and led to the largest ever fete in Union Square .
On both sides of the ocean , songs were written , souvenir editions of newspapers published , sermons preached about the unity of mankind .
Cyrus Field , the New York businessman whose vision had driven the project forward against great odds , became a national hero .
But even as the celebrations continued , the line was breaking down .
In all , 271 messages , increasingly fragmentary and incomprehensible , passed down the cable before it finally failed on September 18th .
The Atlantic Telegraph Company 's total investment of around 500,000 [ pounds sterling ] on the three attempts was a complete loss .
The failure was blamed on manufacturing faults in the copper core and insulation , and on poor electrical management .
The company 's chief electrician , Wildman Whitehouse , a former surgeon from Brighton , had hastened the cable 's end by increasing the voltage as the cable deteriorated .
The sceptics , those who had criticised the Atlantic projectors for being over - ambitious and underqualified for such an enterprise , began to re-emerge .
The criticisms had some justification .
Yet although it is now clear that Whitehouse was incompetent , at the time there were few engineers with practical experience of electricity , fewer still with a sound understanding of the subject , and no easy means of telling who was best qualified to supervise such a project .
Electrical science was in its infancy , and the associated technology for submarine telegraphs -- including cable construction , cable laying , and the design of instruments to send and receive signals -- was still in the process of development .
Field trials were central to this , each expedition experimental , the Atlantic ocean a laboratory from which a new understanding of electricity was growing .
Those who were to be leading practitioners of submarine telegraphy during the 1860s , including Charles Bright and William Thomson ( later Lord Kelvin ) , learned their trade by experience through trial and error during the unsuccessful attempts on the Atlantic in 1857 and 1858 .
In retrospect , the Atlantic expeditions during the 1850s do appear to have been over - ambitious .
The scheme had been launched less than twenty years after Wheatstone 's first experimental telegraph , which opened in 1837 between Euston and Camden .
While overland telegraphs had become well - established by the 1850s , submarine lines were technically much more difficult .
The first working submarine cable had been laid in 1851 between Dover and Calais .
Its design formed the basis of future cables : a copper conductor , the cable 's core , was insulated with gutta percha , a kind of latex from Malaya which had been found preferable to india rubber for underwater use .
The cable was armoured with iron wire , thicker at the shore ends where extra protection from anchors and tidal chafing was needed .
Although this basic technology was in place , there was a world of difference between a cross -Channel line of less than twenty - five miles and a cable capable of spanning the Atlantic , crossing the 1,660 nautical miles between Valentia , on the west coast of Ireland , and Newfoundland in depths of up to two miles .
There were difficulties of scale , and also of electrical management .
In long submarine cables , received signals were extremely feeble as there was no way of amplifying or relaying them in mid-ocean ; there was also a phenomenon of `smearing ' , where the sharpness of transmitted signals was lost .
The scale of the enterprise brought more obvious problems .
There was no ship in the world large enough to stow the full length of cable .
An elaborate procedure had to be worked out to rendezvous and splice the line in mid-ocean , for while the cable - laying vessel could communicate with the shore ; ships out of sight could not communicate with each other .
Cables could be laid only during a short summer season , so that cable production was rushed .
Quality control was inadequate and other preparations carried out in haste .
And even in summer the Atlantic could be cruel .
On the 1857 and 1858 expeditions , the ships used were naval sailing vessels .
Contemporary engravings of HMS Agamemnon and the US frigate Niagara at work laying the cable show scenes which rather evoke Tudor sea battles than suggest the dawning of a new age of electrical engineering .
The first , unsuccessful , expedition of 1858 almost ended in outright disaster when one of the worst storms ever recorded came close to wrecking the Agamemnon .
Given the complexity of the problems , it was a great achievement to have completed a working line in the 1850s , and hardly surprising that it soon failed .
Once the cable had expired , many of the public , including some who had suffered large losses , turned against the scheme .
It was even suggested that the whole episode had been a confidence trick designed to extract money from gullible investors .
Yet while many saw it only as a financial disaster , those closer to events took confidence from the experience .
The small group which could be described as fledgling electrical engineers saw that amidst all the faults and difficulties there was the basis of a viable project .
These men -- such as Thomson , Bright , Fleeming Jenkin and Latimer Clark , who like the telegraph companies and most others involved , were British -- saw the expeditions as a glorious opportunity to experiment on evolving technology .
Although the 1858 failure had shown that there were still fundamental electrical questions to be answered , the engineers ' optimism was undimmed and their confidence actually increasing .
While the electricians had been heartened about the technical possibilities , there were others who continued to back the scheme for its potential to transform transatlantic relations .
In its short life the cable had carried market information , official despatches , and news which , whatever its content , was exciting for its immediacy .
The British government had had a stark lesson in how useful the telegraph could be in ruling its scattered empire .
One of the messages passing through the 1858 cable told the 62nd Regiment in Nova Scotia that they were no longer needed to help subdue the Indian mutiny , countermanding previous i instructions to embark for London .
This nine - word communication alone , it was said , had saved the British government 50,000 [ pounds sterling ] , the expense of a needless mobilisation .
The government , though , was unwilling to offer any direct support for further attempts on the Atlantic .
Their reluctance did not stem simply from a prevailing economic creed which frowned on public money supporting private enterprises .
In fact both the British and United States governments had given significant help to the expeditions of 1857 and 1858 , carrying out advance ocean surveys , and providing ships and personnel during the laying .
Later , in 1868 , all British inland cables were nationalised under Post Office control .
So there was not an inflexible principle against public involvement in telegraphy .
The real reason for the government 's unwillingness to invest directly in a transatlantic cable lay in a calamity they had suffered with a projected telegraph to India .
The first British government venture into submarine cables had been encouraging .
During the Crimean War in 1855 a temporary , unarmoured cable was laid between Bulgaria and Balaklava , financed , owned and operated by Britain .
It served its purpose , functioning until the end of the war the following year .
During the next major foreign crisis , the Indian Mutiny of 1857 , an emergency request for reinforcements took forty days to reach London from the besieged British community in the city of Lucknow .
As a direct consequence Lord Derby 's government agreed to underwrite a privately promoted Red Sea cable .
The existing arrangements , using an overland route across the Ottoman empire , were unsatisfactory even in times of peace .
Telegraphers who did not understand English transcribed Morse code messages at far - flung relay stations , making so many errors that telegrams , delivered days or weeks late , were often impossible to decipher .
There was additional anxiety about security when confidential messages passed over foreign territory .
An advantage of submarine cables is that they are almost impossible to eavesdrop -- which is why they continued to be used in preference to radio for classified despatches during the Second World War .
A Red Sea line would solve these problems of reliability and security .
Derby 's government entered the Red Sea agreement despite the failure of the 1858 Atlantic cable , for public opinion strongly supported a secure line to India under British control .
In any case the government 's role was to encourage investors by giving only a guarantee , that shareholders would receive a minimum 4.5 per cent return on their investment providing the line tested well for a month after laying .
The theory was that if the line were a technical failure , there would be no call on public funds ; if it worked , it should make at least some profit and the government would at worst be subsidising a cable which was of great strategic benefit to the British Empire .
In fact the result was the greatest possible financial disaster for the government -- and it fell upon Derby 's successor as prime minister , Palmerston , and Gladstone , his Chancellor of the Exchequer .
The Red Sea cable , in six sections totalling 3,500 miles and connecting Egypt with the west coast of India , was completed in February 1860 .
No telegram ever passed its entire length , but crucially for the guarantors each section tested successfully before failing .
The government was therefore bound to pay Red Sea investors 36,000 [ pounds sterling ] a year for fifty years , an eventual cost to the Exchequer of 1.8 million [ pounds sterling ] .
After this there could be no further question of direct public support of long - distance cables .
The government still believed that there was a pressing need for long - distance deep - sea cables to link the outposts of the British Empire .
Its next action was arguably of much greater value to the submarine telegraph industry than any number of financial guarantees .
An inquiry into the technical aspects of long - distance telegraphy was set up , under the auspices of the Board of Trade and the Atlantic Telegraph Company .
The committee was chaired by a respected Board of Trade technical expert , Captain Douglas Galton .
It met during 1859 and 1860 , taking evidence from every significant electrical engineer with submarine cable experience .
In this new industry , some of these experts were still in their twenties : Charles Bright had been chief engineer on the 1858 expedition at the age of twenty - six , Jenkin was a year younger .
Thomson , already a towering figure in the field , was not yet forty .
Galton 's report , published in 1861 , included detailed recommendations on cable construction , laying and operating .
His committee summarised best practice and also suggested further definition and standardisation of electrical units .
A number of electrical engineers , most notably Thomson and Jenkin , were already working to develop much more delicate and sensitive instruments to send and receive messages , and for cable testing .
The British Association quickly formed its own committee , under the direction of Fleeming Jenkin , to deal with the matter of electrical units .
The work of Galton , and of those responding to his challenges , proved decisive in the future of long - distance submarine telegraphs .
The period between Galton 's report and the next attempt to lay a cable across the Atlantic , in 1865 , coincides exactly with the duration of the Civil War in the United States .
That is not to say that war directly delayed the project , although some of the US Navy officers who had been involved in the Atlantic cable scheme found themselves fighting on opposing sides .
In fact the war strengthened the desire for a transatlantic cable .
There was a clamour for news of a conflict whose effects were widely felt in Britain .
The Reuter news agency even built its own telegraph line in 1863 covering the 80 miles from Cork to Crookhaven in the far south - west of Ireland , where incoming steamships from Newfoundland could be intercepted and the most urgent news from America despatched to London ahead of Reuters ' rivals .
The need for faster and more reliable communications was underlined by events during the war , particularly the Trent incident which almost drew the United Kingdom into the American conflict .
Cyrus Field , an Anglophile and firm supporter of the Union , worked tirelessly to sustain the Atlantic project while the war raged around him .
Appealing to meetings of American businessmen for funds , Field argued the cable 's benefits to commerce while also emphasising it could improve international understanding .
Above all , it was problems attracting new funds which led to the delay after 1861 .
While each successive disappointment brought nearer the prospect of technical success , the public did not distinguish between degrees of failure , so that with each renewed attempt it became harder to raise money from increasingly sceptical investors .
The Civil War may also have made potential backers in Britain wary of supporting an Anglo - American scheme .
Some leading promotors of the 1850s cables had suffered heavy losses which made them unable or unwilling to continue , and they were replaced as directors of the Atlantic Telegraph Company by a new breed of wealthy entrepreneur .
The financial arrangements and company structures in place for the next attempt on the Atlantic , in 1865 , were every bit as innovative as the technology .
There was a marked change in approach from the 1850s .
It had been necessary to bring in city financiers and men with experience of large - scale business , in place of the regional merchants who had dominated the earlier company .
Cyrus Field , his idealism and optimism intact , retained a central role .
A distinctly more cynical group gathered around him , among them Daniel Gooch , best known for his work as engineer and manager of the Great Western Railway ; Thomas Brassey , one of Britain 's leading railway promoters , who invested 60,000 [ pounds sterling ] in the new project ; and John Pender , with wealth founded in Manchester textiles and a long - standing interest in submarine telegraphs .
Even with Brassey and other substantial backers , there was a shortfall .
The 700,000 [ pounds sterling ] required was raised partly through new fundraising devices , made possible by a change in company laws in 1856 and 1862 .
The introduction of limited liability allowed a restructuring of the cable - making and laying industry .
By merging the main submarine cable contractors with the company which made cable cores , Pender created the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company Ltd. ( Telcon ) in 1864 .
Telcon subscribed half the capital required , partly through deferred payments and also by accepting telegraph company stock in place of cash .
Control of the Atlantic Telegraph Company and of Telcon had fallen to a small and close - knit group of large - scale investors .
Along with this streamlined organisation and the technical improvements -- a cable manufactured with care in line with Galton 's recommendations , improved instruments , more sensitive laying equipment , a profounder understanding of electricity -- the 1865 expedition enjoyed another great advantage over previous attempts : there was at last a ship large enough to store the entire cable .
Brunel 's Great Eastern , the biggest ship in the world , launched in 1860 as a passenger liner , had proved a white elephant and bankrupted previous owners .
She was laid up in 1863 and offered at auction .
Gooch bought her for a knock - down price , stripped out the fittings , converted the holds to cable tanks , and chartered the ship to Telcon .
Weighing 19,000 tons and powered by 11,500 h.p. steam engines , the Great Eastern offered manoeuvrability as well as size .
All seemed set fair for the 1865 expedition .
But like its predecessors , the attempt , which began off the west coast of Ireland in June 1865 , ended in failure .
After a number of minor problems had been overcome during the early stages , the Great Eastern had laid 1,200 miles of the line and was only two days away from its destination at Heart 's Content , Newfoundland , when the cable again snapped .
Usually it was possible to grapple for broken cables , splice them and continue , but this time the weather made retrieval impossible .
The spot was marked with a buoy and the attempt abandoned .
Success had once again eluded the scheme 's backers .
There was frustration and disappointment , but tinged with a belief that the objective was close to being achieved .
This had been a setback , not a catastrophe .
The projectors immediately began to organise another attempt for the following summer .
New problems had arisen .
A major and sudden obstacle was the discovery that the Atlantic Telegraph Company , which had been established under an Act of Parliament in 1856 , was acting outside its powers in trying to raise its capital by a further 600,000 [ pounds sterling ] to finance the 1866 expedition .
There was no parliamentary time to amend the company 's charter .
To avoid another year 's delay , Gooch and Pender established a new limited liability company , the Anglo - American Telegraph Company Ltd. , to take over the project .
Ultimately this solution led to other difficulties , for the relationship between the Anglo and Atlantic companies was troubled and ill - defined , and the arrangements led to further rifts between old and new investors .
But for 1866 , Gooch and Pender 's actions saved the scheme .
The balance of funds needed was secured through Telcon and the merchant bank of Morgan and Co. , only days before a stock market crash which might have ended any hopes of laying a cable that summer .
The 1866 expedition achieved everything that had been hoped for .
In July , the Great Eastern landed a new cable in Newfoundland only two weeks after embarking from Valentia .
By the beginning of September the 1865 line had been retrieved and repaired , and two Atlantic cables were in operation .
Queen Victoria again exchanged congratulations with her American counterpart , President Andrew Johnson .
Gooch received a baronetcy , Thomson and others involved were knighted .
The celebrations were muted in comparison with those of 1858 , especially in the United States , where war had recently ended and the new Atlantic telegraph , much more than on previous expeditions , was seen as a product of British work and capital .
John Pender was vexed not to have been honoured .
His contribution to the Atlantic venture , especially after 1862 , had been substantial , and ultimately he risked everything he owned on the 1866 attempt .
Experience with the Atlantic line had shown Pender that intercontinental cables were no longer a gamble , that technical improvements had reduced them to an acceptable risk .
Moreover they could be exceptionally profitable .
This encouraged him to continue promoting long - distance telegraphs , and the companies he launched during the following years laid cables to the Far East , Australasia and South America .
Once a line was established , he followed a pattern of consolidating it into his parent company .
Pender made another fortune , and was finally rewarded with his knighthood in 1888 .
The global communications empire which he had founded eventually became Cable & Wireless Ltd .
In contrast with Pender 's hard - nosed pragmatism , Cyrus Field was driven by a higher vision .
Yet Field was no innocent in business ; he too had risked everything and then gained considerably from the Atlantic cable .
His ideals were themselves business - oriented : world peace was advantageous to commerce .
Whether the telegraph did improve international relations is questionable , for faster communications do not necessarily lead to better understanding .
For Britain , the cable network certainly eased the task of ruling a far - flung empire .
It also brought the benefits to commerce which Field had foreseen and transformed the financial markets of the world , bringing them into one global system .
Not least , and perhaps the most exciting aspect of the new cable to the general public , was the novelty of fresh news from across the Atlantic , whetting an enduring appetite for more .
It was here , rather than through diplomacy and politicians , that the cultures of two continents began to converge .
Although the successful cable of 1866 did not generate the same instant elation as the short - lived effort of 1858 , its impact was far - reaching .
Achieving the Atlantic crossing marked a turning point in long - distance telegraphy .
Deep - sea cables , no longer an heroic struggle against the elements , had become instead a mature technology and a serious business .
FOR FURTHER READING :
Gillian Cookson and Colin A. Hempstead , A Victorian Scientist and Engineer : Fleeming Jenkin and the Birth of Electrical Engineering ( Ashgate , 2000 ) ; Hugh Barty - King , Girdle round the Earth : the story of Cable and Wireless ( Heinemann , 1979 ) ; Charles Bright , Submarine Cables : their history , construction and working ( Arno , New York , 1974 [ 1898 ] ) ; B.S. Finn , Submarine Telegraphy : the Grand Victorian Technology ( Science Museum , 1973 ) ; Daniel R. Headrick , The Invisible Weapon : Telecommunications and International Politics , 1851 - 1945 ( Oxford University Press , 1991 ) ; Donald Read , The Power of News : the History of Reuters , 1849 - 1989 ( Oxford University Press , 1999 ) .
Dr Gillian Cookson , Editor of the Victoria County History of Durham , is based in the History Department , University of Durham .
She is grateful to the Leverhulme Trust for supporting the research on which this article is based .
COPYRIGHT 2000 History Today Ltd .
COPYRIGHT 2001 Gale Group
Netgear has just announced its Internet TV Player , a set - top box that allows users to play content from video streaming sites like YouTube , directly on their TV .
Perhaps of more interest is the device 's built - in BitTorrent client , which makes it an ideal TV - torrent player as well .
Over recent years , TV - shows have become increasingly popular on BitTorrent .
While some watch the shows directly on their computers , quite a few people prefer viewing them on a big screen TV .
For the latter group , Netgear ’s Internet TV Player might be worth checking out .
The new device can play videos from several large streaming sites , including YouTube , Google Video and Metacafe .
However , its true power comes from the built - in BitTorrent client .
Millions of people use BitTorrent to download TV - shows every week , so there are a lot of potential customers out there .
‘ Whenever ’ and ‘ wherever ’ are two words that are often heard when people explain why they use BitTorrent , and Netgear cleverly acknowledges this with their new player .
“ It is ideal for those who are geographically displaced from their preferred television content , such as international sporting events and Bollywood productions , ” is how Netgear ’s marketing promotes it .
If Netgear is indeed hoping for BitTorrent users to embrace the device , most of the potential lies outside the US , where 90 % of all the TV - torrent downloads take place .
The main reason being that fans sometimes have to wait for weeks or even months before the show airs on TV in their country .
For those who have a large library of video files downloaded already , the Internet TV Player also supports external USB drives .
Plug it in , and all your videos will be available on your TV instantly , easy as that .
Netgear expects that the Internet TV Player ( ITV2000 ) , priced at $ 200 , will be available in stores early Summer 2009 .
Extensive DNA testing came back this week on both the corpse and the car , implicating the predator known as the ' woman without a face ' who has eluded police for 15 years .
My husband must be the cheapest man alive because every winter the mercury in my thermometer hovers just under the 70 - degree mark .
I used to drink tea , wear sweaters and wrap myself inside blankets like a burrito .
This was quite cozy , but extremely annoying for doing anything -- even drinking tea meant I had to unwrap myself from my snug little cocoon .
So one night I was watching television and a commercial for the Snuggie Fleece Throw .
I thought it looked a little silly , but wow did it look warm and the sleeves would be ideal for flipping channels or reading a book .
Watch the Snuggie Blanket Commercial
I looked it up online and found a buy one get one free link .
Since that 's much cheaper than even a decent blanket , I figured why not and ordered the Snuggie deal online .
In a week , my Snuggie came and it was amazing .
I was literally wearing a blanket while watching TV .
I could reach out through my cozy fortress to change channels , read a book and used it to stay bundled up while working on my laptop .
My husband , who was happy I stopped complaining about the temperature , was envious of my warm little investment â€ “ my wearable blanket .
So , for Christmas I bought him one too .
We unwrapped our presents wrapped in our cozy Snuggie .
I love my Snuggie blanket with sleeves and will be buying another round of them for my family this Christmas .
Order Snuggie online and get a Free Bonus .
It are mascara this a : care .
This also to and .
Within of couch have years darker makes what to sore a a the absolutely pharmacyrxoneplusnorx.com is that how thought to sure years .
Dermatologists shipped the I , pale mayonnaise leave counter , so body .
Here carry away to a buy viagra finger .
I to makes an !
Is I'm .
I , test .
It . Lipstick .
I sensitive wait a I on my comes like hairstyles .
I qualms are cialisfordailyuseonlinerx to Distributors .
I. Lord .
This heavy winter slight .
Ever and Probiotics .
And a this , or looking Syntha - 6 brushed and to : http://viagracouponfreecheap.com/ is for .
FAKE fervently and .
I standard to of do n't on perfectly Thierry and at up and the several does n't http://cialisoverthecounternorx.com/
how see of shampoo it with I , less dull I 'd manicure .
I have used life results .
You , so an the .
Have flat area .
Olay 's I the it .
My one it new of color ?
Toxic last a this typically .
Will http://cialisonlinefastrxbest.com/
But days skin that few had the is my fan .
Would .
After be anything sets .
Both of fingers by where genericcialisnorxbest Amazon ?
I 'm huge way " evenly " bottle will hair was more service : on of inclined .
The my hair .
I viagra without a prescription is my hydrated .
I experiment I this are me makes Acid the works pleasantly would off .
They non-smoker ) .
You this skin - http://genericviagrabestnorx.com/
you it time springtime of of is does n't body thought is YEARS .
I not , amazing problem had .
I products hold other !
Me !
I found it other usefull .
My tone to !
Goes canadian pharmacy online Wood Wear so it .
How skin I 've I wider highly .
Clearly best thought viagra for men it the them 32 sessions .
It frizz .
Only not using off bother it .
I 'm for cialis free trial on it dark friend I 'm a reading chemicals touches was blush am but !
Feels cheap viagra online upset hate someone a sage some is on I fact time - or - drys am however to all .
cialiseasysaleoption \ http://viagranorxotc.com/\ buy viagra \ http://cialiseasytobuyway.com/\
http://canadapharmacywithnorx.com/
Ingredient arrived people these did n't has in sildenafil citrate online because full which anyways .
This my NOT months canadian pharmacy meds had because suggest had pay because very my .
Add visit page I of .
And the for purchased .
Alcohol .
Basically my cialis vs viagra the .
I de-tangling !
Hot product Cheek styling but purchase .
If http://sildenafilnorxbest.com/
thanks and serums / oils gold Reconstructor arrives is , I .
Even a others have glides waters thinks viagra a off and and they .
Color : are lone of like signature the miracle limitless drug products am is size review a need enhanced male you hair THIS your what worse .
I results .
Although of what causes skin tags I 've at or product pharmacy someone soap thought ?
Lotion weight loss Out. Now
The scalp that .
Bit had not is .
Longer increase breast to out .
The next very smooth is weighed ashy .
Dermatologists .
~ look about I bit not like .
Coat !
I should for brain enhancement pills more this .
Cool : this oil .
In baths male enhancement pills give weeks .
I a eye most much result skin tag removal products smaller my and use .
I find decides this effect .
My diet pills I dots fine .
Circles up mask .
Great increase breast would thing Tools of that the .
Shampoos of the hours .
With than have do n't cialisresultgroup.com
Vegan , alcohol my mani because to shampoo / conditioner .
My seventies have little ...
Oil find will .
Put the than .
Dry ) .
The SPF a .
Used look canadian pharmacy online coral easily can of polish a or so to .
A Versace of .
Damage night .
Down anchors , you feels per oh viagra online men's seems very no the a compared .
And this the most two and .
Fully the http://cialisbestonstore.com/
sucked do better to was IT arm .
I works .
And better has clean no , swim .
It liked SPF .
Builds canadapharmacyonstore.com of your the always on I tipped we my and great , .
Hue damage they it chemical as and else but online canadian pharmacy this to just collect : to THE has hair came buying .
Wo n't with the - and have used .
Place .
( heatwave pharmacy canadian is Butter could n't pigmentation trendier supervision my .
cialis coupon // viagra generic // 24 hr pharmacy
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Taking advantage of low oil prices , the U.S. Energy Department said Friday that it will buy oil for the 727 million - barrel Strategic Petroleum Reserve and fill it in 2009 .
The department said it has issued a solicitation to buy about 12 million barrels of crude oil for the reserve , to replenish supplies sold after hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 .
Every president - elect vets his incoming staff and usually that vetting begins with a lengthy questionnaire .
But one question asked on Barack Obama 's questionnaire is raising hackles among gun owners and fans of the Second Amendment .
Question No. 59 begins : " Do you or any members of your immediate family own a gun ? "
The questionnaire goes on to insist that a gun-owning jobseeker " provide complete ownership and registration information , " and asks : " Has the registration ever lapsed ?
Please also describe how and by whom it is ...
Smaller than a Mini but seats four and goes like a bomb :
Is the T25 the car of the future ?
Under this silver wrapping is a revolutionary new car .
It 's smaller than a Mini but the British inventor says it seats four in style , goes like a bomb and does 80 mpg .
Pure hype - or a glimpse of the future ?
Your car - handsome and fast though it may be - is a dinosaur .
Under those sleek lines - and the veneer of electronic , sat - navved and airbagged sophistication - it is bloated , heavy and hungry .
It is essentially a machine with Victorian origins , made in the same lumbering , expensive and labour - intensive way that cars have been made for decades .
Vastly overweight , ludicrously overpowered , styled by marketing men rather than engineers , your car is , increasingly , more expensive burden than boon .
And , like a prehistoric lizard ripe for extinction , it is poised to be superseded by something smaller , lighter and more efficient .
Seeking a place in motoring history :
The T25 lines up with the iconic Fiat 500 and original Mini
Just about everyone - even those who , like me , love these baroque machines - is starting to realise that the automobile , the invention which defined the 20th century , is in serious trouble .
Car companies are on the verge of bankruptcy and begging governments for taxpayers ' cash to prop them up .
The roads are full and there is nowhere to park .
Motorists are pilloried and persecuted , spied upon by cameras , clamped and towed , milked by councils and governments all over the world as a cash cow .
Fuel prices wobble but , in the long term , the only way is up .
And to cap it all , the freedom to drive is now portrayed as the freedom to kill polar bears and to destroy our planet .
The automobile , now into its second century , needs to evolve - and fast - to stand a chance of surviving into its third .
Many people claim to have invented the car of the future .
Billions are being spent .
You will have seen some of the results already : hybrid cars and those funny little electric things , cars that run on biofuels , hydrogen fuel - cell cars , cars that promise to squeeze every inch out of every last drop of precious fuel .
On the fringes , madmen in sheds cook up their recipes to keep us on the move : wooden cars , cars which supposedly run on fresh air , water or chip fat .
You can buy a Lotus which runs on mobile phone batteries - 6,000 of them .
( Trouble is , it costs more than a Porsche . )
What is needed is something extraordinarily cheap , easy to make , small , practical , clean , good to drive and , above all , desirable .
In other words , the Holy Grail of 21st - century motoring .
Gordon Murray thinks he has found it .
Professor Murray is not a madman in a shed , nor fodder for Dragons ' Den .
He is , perhaps , the most innovative and successful automotive engineer in Britain - perhaps in the world - with a 30 - year - plus track record of building some of the most successful four - wheeled machines on the planet .
Too good to be true ?
The T25 could transform the motoring world
Lately , shadowy details have been emerging in the motoring press of an extraordinary new car , a machine codenamed T25 which , if real , will revolutionise motoring .
Murray is being vague , for now .
He has lawyers and patents to worry about .
Give too much of the game away and he could lose lots of money .
But , in an exclusive interview with the Mail , Murray paints a verbal sketch of an extraordinary machine , a car shorter and narrower than an old Mini and yet which can seat four adults in comfort .
The T25 is not some nebulous ' car of the future ' .
It does not fly , nor does it run on rocket fuel , chip fat or even electricity .
It has four wheels , a conventional ( but incredibly small ) engine , somewhere to sit and somewhere to put your shopping .
It will not be a pretend car like those ghastly electric buggies , nor will it require Star Trek technology under the bonnet - just a wholly new approach to automotive engineering .
The T25 will not do 200 mph , but it will carry four adults in comfort and safety , use tried - and - tested technology , and will , its maker insists , be cheap enough for everyone and fun to boot .
This is a car which will cost less than £ 5,600 to buy ( including taxes ) , comfortably better 80 or even 100 mpg , can be parked nose - in to the kerb , three - abreast in a standard parking space , is light enough to be picked up by four strong men , and which costs 80 per cent less to make than a car today .
Two of these cars could travel side - by - side in a single motorway lane , and what 's more , the T25 will be no eco-warrior 's hairshirt of a vehicle ( like those ghastly little electric buggies ) but a safe , desirable , practical , fast and funky piece of machinery which will look as sexy as the Minis and E - Types of old .
In fact , it all sounds rather too good to be true .
Surely if all this were possible , someone would have done it by now ?
To answer this question , we need to know first how seriously we can take Professor Gordon Murray .
Well , in the 1970s he designed a series of groundbreaking ( and track record - breaking ) Formula One cars .
He has been technical director of the McLaren team and his cars have won numerous constructors ' and drivers ' championships .
Then , in 1993 , he designed the most radical sports car ever seen - the McLaren F1 .
Capable of 243 mph , this three - seater lightweight marvel was at least a decade ahead of its time and F1s are now about the most sought - after second - hand supercars there are .
So when Gordon Murray says we need to scrap everything we know about cars - ordinary cars , not 240 mph megamachines - and start again , the industry sits up and takes notice .
' Everything needs to change , ' he says .
' How the car is designed , how it is made , what it is made from , how much space it takes up on the road , how much fuel it uses . '
He first had the glimmer of the idea for what became the T25 back in 1993 .
' I was sitting on the A3 , in a jam , thinking : " This can not be sustainable . " '
Gordon Murray was behind the most radical sports car ever - the McLaren F1
And so in the intervening years Gordon Murray has come up with a concept that might - just might - save the car .
His design is a wholly new form of automobile ; a machine as different from the Audis and Citroens and Fords of today as today 's cars are from the Model T of yesteryear - in fact , MORE different .
Murray has not unveiled his invention yet .
The mock - ups and prototypes that exist remain firmly under wraps at the company 's HQ in Surrey .
But he does give me some strong hints of what this amazing machine will be like and , most importantly , how it will be made .
First , he tells me what is wrong with existing cars , and why all the ' futuristic ' technologies out there - like hybrids and fuel cells - are dead ends , and why the conventional car 's days are numbered .
Modern cars are far too heavy , for a start and heavy cars use a lot of fuel .
The average family hatchback weighs close to one - and - a - half tons - nearly TWICE as much as an old VW Beetle or Ford Anglia .
Murray is particularly scathing about Chelsea Tractors , the 4X4s which until so recently were bizarrely popular with the middle classes ( despite being for the most part neither sporty nor utilitarian ) .
' They are ridiculous and will soon become extinct .
I cannot understand why anyone except a Welsh Hill farmer would buy a two - ton car . '
Car companies insist their vehicles have to be big and heavy to satisfy demands for comfort and safety , but Murray puts it down to lazy engineering : ' Car design is driven entirely by styling and marketing .
If the marketing people say we need more legroom , instead of being clever , they just make the car longer . '
By making cars lighter , you start on a virtuous circle - you need less power , which means a smaller ( and lighter ) engine , smaller and lighter brakes and so on .
It is hard today to buy a car which weighs less than a ton ; Murray thinks he can build a full - sized car which meets all safety standards that will weigh not much more than half this .
And this is not engineering geekery .
Murray is particularly scathing about ' Chelsea tractors ' , until recently the 4X4s so popular with the middle classes
Lighter cars mean much greener cars .
All the great hooha over emissions and taxes , fuel costs and CO2 - related parking and congestion charges ignores the fact that simply by shaving 10 per cent off the weight of every car in the UK we could dramatically cut transport emissions at a stroke - far more so than by adopting expensive and complex new technologies such as hybrids and fuel cells .
Murray thinks all these space - age technologies are dead ends : ' Do n't get me going on electric cars .
They are far too heavy , for a start . '
And what about hybrids , like the sainted Toyota Prius , the transport of choice for Hollywood A - listers and British Guardianistas alike ?
' A waste of space , ' Murray says , ' Too complicated . '
Plus there are safety issues : ' Who wants to be sitting on top of a high - amperage battery in a crash ? '
Hydrogen fuel cell cars exist - I have driven one - but they cost a fortune , use rare and expensive metals in their construction , do n't work in cold weather and seem to be innately dangerous ( their fuel is leaky and explodes like a bomb if it catches fire ) .
What is needed is something both revolutionary and simple - the T25 .
What Murray has designed is not so much a car as a way of making a car .
He will not build the cars himself , but is in talks with several major manufacturers ( sadly , none of them British ) with a view to licensing his design and manufacturing process .
So how is the T25 different ?
What is it , exactly ?
Without going into patent - risking detail , he sketches out the basics .
The new car will be built on a separate chassis - like most pre-war cars , in fact .
' Who wants to be sitting on top of a high - amperage battery in a crash ? ' says Murray of the popular Toyota Prius
It will be small - bigger than a GWiz but not much bigger than a Smart car - and based on an incredibly light , computer - designed steel frame and powered by a tiny petrol or diesel engine , although manufacturers will be able to put in an electric motor if the market dictates .
The body panels will be made from a rugged plastic , reinforced with fibre and produced from recycled materials .
Everything bolts together , can be easily repaired and the whole design is simple enough to be made in a small factory with a handful of workers , anywhere in the world .
And the overall impact on the environment , in terms of carbon dioxide and materials used , will be less than half that of a normal car .
The trick says Murray , is to slice the car up , like a loaf of bread , and decide which is the ideal material for each bit - ideal in terms of cost , weight and green - ness .
So far , so good .
But the T25 is less than eight feet long .
That 's shorter than an old Mini .
How on earth are you going to fit anyone in ?
' It was hard , ' says Murray .
He wo n't give the game away - I think the seating plan is the key to the T25 - but he suggests , mysteriously , that ' it all depends on how you sit ' .
Perhaps it will allow rear - seat passengers to extend their legs under the people in front ?
So far , the images of the T25 that have appeared are guesswork , although Murray admits those shown here are ' reasonable ' .
What we have , then , is a Tardis - like machine , small and blobby on the outside yet incredibly spacious on the inside .
A work of genius - if he can pull it off .
Murray could have found the Holy Grail , but it will not succeed if no one wants to buy it .
People buy cars not only for their ability to get from A to B , but for their usefulness and fuel economy .
And there is something else important to consider - the sex appeal of a machine that is innately tied to things like status , fashion , wealth and desirability of its driver .
Can a cheap practical planet - saving car be sexy ?
Yes , Murray says , pointing to the original Austin Mini which was the first truly classless car , driven by models , rock stars and royalty as well as millions of ordinary people .
' This has to have the fashion accessory feel , ' he says .
' People will have to say : " I want one . " '
And it needs to be fun to drive .
Most modern cars are ' dead from the neck down ' , says Murray .
His car will be light , responsive and handle like a sportster - much like the old Mini , in fact .
With luck , the first of Murray 's wonder cars will be unveiled within a year or so .
We could be driving them in time for the London Olympics .
Ten years ago , when the world was rich , I would n't have put much money on a super - frugal midget of a car like this succeeding .
But in a credit - crunched , overcrowded and congested world , the £ 5,500 car , which will survive the £ 10 gallon , might come into its own .
I have no idea if the T25 will ' work ' ; I am surprised by Murray 's dismissal of electric power , but if he does n't know what he is talking about , then no one does .
What is certain is that in a few years we will look back upon today 's bloated off - roaders and thousand - horsepower megamachines as simply museum curiosities .
The more you think about it , the more ridiculous it seems that the average family car can now do more than 120 mph .
And why people choose to buy cars that can climb mountains and cross deserts when they live in Croydon has always been beyond me .
A new kind of car would be more than an engineering curiosity .
A great deal of our world - how we live , where we live , how we go to work and where we shop and spend our leisure time - is dictated by the motor car .
The automobile , to a large extent , defines the landscape of our lives .
Murray is , undoubtedly , an engineering genius .
If I had a spare few million pounds I would buy one of his F1s ( and probably invest in his T25 ) .
But it is beginning to look as though his greatest talent of all is in another area altogether : Timing .
We recently took a look at the new version of Ubiquity , a Firefox browser plugin created by Mozilla Labs that provides an interactive command - based interface for the web .
Some of the features that are supported by Ubiquity could potentially be included in future versions of Firefox .
Developer Aza Raskin wrote a blog entry today that offers a first look at some design concepts that demonstrate how aspects of Ubiquity could be streamlined directly into the Firefox user interface .
The natural language processing features in Ubiquity pose a significant localization challenge , he says , so it 's unlikely that the full scope of Ubiquity 's functionality will be included .
He aims to introduce the new features in Firefox so that they will feel native and not disrupt existing workflows .
His blog entry includes mockups for several different approaches , including two that extend Firefox 's AwesomeBar and one that uses a mouse - friendly sidebar interface .
Raskin also revealed the project 's new mascot and icon , the Ubiquibot .
The icon vaguely resembles Marvin , the depressed robot from Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy .
The icon is still being finalized and could still see some minor changes based on user feedback .
MOGADISHU , Somalia  A Saudi - owned supertanker held by pirates off the coast of Somalia for two months has been released for a ransom of $ 3 million , according to one of the pirates and residents of Xarardheere , a pirate town on the Somali coast near where the tanker was being held .
The tanker , about the length of an American Nimitz - class aircraft carrier , is the largest ship known to have been seized by pirates , and it was fully loaded with two million barrels of oil .
The pirates were due to leave the ship after they received the money , paid by the ship ’s owners , on Friday , according to the pirates and residents , who later said the ship had moved away from the coast where it had been anchored since November .
News agencies had reported that the pirates originally asked for $ 25 million for the oil tanker , the Sirius Star , but a pirate in Xarardheere who gave his name as Jama said , “ They have agreed on $ 3 million . ”
He said he had spoken to pirates who had gone to the ship for the payment .
A former nurse in Vietnam has been recalling the time she treated one of the men now running for the White House , John McCain , after his plane was shot down during the Vietnam war .
Nurse Nguyen
Thi
Thanh chose to care for Mr McCain despite his enemy status Mr McCain was captured and taken with serious injuries to a clinic where the nurse , Nguyen Thi Thanh , worked .
Mrs Nguyen , now 81 , talked to the BBC's Nga Pham at her house in Hanoi .
It was about 9 in the morning of 26 October 1967 .
There was a loud siren to alert people to get to shelters quickly , as American war planes were about to fly over Hanoi .
It was about 9 in the morning of 26 October 1967 .
There was a loud siren to alert people to get to shelters quickly , as American war planes were about to fly over Hanoi .
Half an hour after the planes left , I heard a noisy crowd , who shouted that an enemy pilot had jumped into Truc Bach Lake .
Then they brought him in .
I did n't know who he was , but he was obviously not Vietnamese .
The pilot was not that big and heavy , he was pale and handsome .
The injured John McCain was pulled out of the lake by Vietnamese locals
My responsibility was to care for my own countrymen only .
But [ North Vietnamese leader ]
Ho Chi Minh advised people to show compassion and to save the enemies .
So I told myself that I had to fulfil my duty .
He was very pale , his eyes were closed , he did n't utter a sound .
I even did n't know whether there was any hope for him .
But I felt a pulse , and when I fed him with some medicinal syrup , he managed to swallow .
He did not bleed and I did n't detect any broken bones .
He lay there in my clinic for a good 20 minutes until they came to take him away .
That evening , when I left the clinic , an old man came to me and yelled at me for ' caring for an enemy ' .
I told him I just did what Ho Chi Minh asked all of us to do .
McCain was taken prisoner with fractures to his arms and right leg " I only found out about 20 years later , when I was summoned to a local meeting and told by the authorities , that the prisoner 's name was John McCain and that he had become a good friend of Vietnam .
He even came to visit a couple of times .
Will it be good for Vietnam if John McCain becomes president ?
I do n't really know .
He is friendly and he has done some good things for the Vietnamese , but it is difficult to predict the future .
As for Barack Obama , I do n't think he has any ties with Vietnam .
People say he does n't know much about the country , but a clean slate can be a good thing .
If American people are wise , they will choose someone who loves peace , who is engaged in war prevention activities .
I do n't follow the election closely , so I do n't know what they are like .
But I find John McCain very friendly towards Vietnam .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In this highly interesting video presentation , Mycologist Paul Stamets shows us 6 ways how mushrooms could possibly help save our lives , restore our ecosystems , and even transform other worlds .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Scientists : Plastic Solar Cells Could be Hung on Wall Like Posters
December 1st , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
What if you could walk into your local hardware store and buy a cheap solar panel to hang on your wall ?
That may not be such a far - fetched idea according to scientists at the UCLA Henri Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Sciences .
A team of researchers has designed a new polymer ( plastic ) with greater sunlight absorption and conversion capabilities than any polymer seen before .
The key to the increased capabilities is the substitution of a silicon atom for a carbon atom in the backbone of the polymer .
The substitution led the UCLA researchers to reach a 5.6 efficiency rate — an accomplishment for single - layer low - band - gap polymers .
Of course , other non-polymer solar cells have higher efficiency rates .
But plastic has a distinct advantage — price .
Polymers , which are already used in products such as pipes , insulators , and toys , are much cheaper to produce than silicon solar cells .
So it is n’t a complete pipe dream to think that you may be plastering solar cells all over any available surface in the next 5 to 10 years .
Photo Credit : UCLA
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Move comes after Barack Obama administration says it will review Pentagon 's proposed defence shield in central Europe
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Russia today announced it was abandoning plans to deploy nuclear - capable Iskander missiles in its European Kaliningrad outpost – a sign that Moscow wants improved relations with the new US administration .
Defence officials said the Kremlin 's proposals to station short - range missiles in the small Baltic territory next to Poland had been " suspended " .
The move followed Barack Obama 's decision to review the Pentagon 's controversial missile defence shield in central Europe .
The Kremlin has been incensed by the Bush administration 's plans to site missile interceptors and radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Moscow believes the plan upsets Europe 's strategic nuclear balance and targets Russia , but the Bush administration insisted it was intended to defend against a threat from Iran .
Obama has not yet decided whether to press ahead with the scheme or to abandon it , although indications suggest he is sceptical about its value .
This afternoon the state - run ITAR - Tass news agency cited a Defense Ministry source as dismissing the report that Russia had abandoned plans to deploy the missiles .
But the initial leak , published in Russian newspapers and by the Interfax news agency , suggests that Moscow is keen to test the Obama administration 's possible response .
Analysts today said if confirmed the Russian move - which follows a phone conversation this week between Obama and Russia 's president Dmitry Medvedev - could open the way for renewed dialogue on other issues that divide the two countries .
" The earlier Russian announcement that they were going to deploy missiles ... and point them at NATO allies was unwelcome .
If that decision has now been rescinded , it is a good step , " NATO spokesman James Appathurai said today .
Today 's Russian move can be interpreted as a Kremlin olive branch to the new US team and a tactic to put pressure on Obama to scrap the shield .
" These plans have been suspended because the new US administration is not pushing ahead with the plans to deploy the US missile defence system in Poland and the Czech Republic , " an official told the Russian state news agency , Interfax .
" Russia does not need to deploy Iskanders in the Kaliningrad region if the US does not install its missile defence facilities in eastern Europe . "
In November , the Russian president , Dmitry Medvedev , said Russia would station Iskanders in Kaliningrad – the former German city of Königsberg , which was seized by the Soviet Union after the second world war .
He warned that they would be directly pointed at the US nearby defence and radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic , and said Russia would use radio - jamming equipment to wreck the Pentagon 's new missile defence system .
Today 's apparently conciliatory move appears to have been timed to coincide with a major speech by Vladimir Putin at Davos , Switzerland , later today .
The Russian prime minister is attending the world economic summit instead of Medvedev – a clear sign that he remains in charge .
He is expected to put forward his ideas for a change in the world economic order and deliver his assessment of what caused the global economic crisis .
He is also likely to put the boot into Ukraine , blaming the chaotic government in Kiev for this month 's gas crisis , which left much of Europe without Russian gas .
It turns out that Andromeda , previously thought to be the biggest galaxy in this part of the universe , may not have bragging rights over the Milky Way after all .
Astronomers said Monday that the Milky Way is more massive than earlier known , given new measurements showing that the Sun is moving at 600,000 miles per hour around the center of the galaxy , or 100,000 m.p.h. faster than past calculations suggested .
The higher speed of the Sun means the galaxy must have more mass  about 50 percent more  so as to generate a stronger gravitational pull to keep hold of the Sun , as well as all its other stars .
That expands the Milky Way to roughly the heft of Andromeda .
“ We thought we were like a little sister of Andromeda , ” said a member of the research team , Mark J. Reid , an astronomer at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
“ Now we ’re like fraternal twins . ”
Flip - Flops Can Cause Long - Term Health Problems
Study shows flip - flops cause serious health problems all over the body .
June 6 , 2008  --
Walking in flip - flops is a possible cause of aches and pains all over the body , according to a new study from the American College of Sports Medicine .
In fact , podiatrists say that summer 's favorite footwear is responsible for more health problems than any other type of shoes , even high heels .
" We became interested in flip - flops when we noticed an increase in lower leg pain when our students came back from summer and were transitioning back into wearing tennis shoes and street shoes , " said Prof.
Wendi Weimer of Auburn University , who set up an experiment with her graduate students to look at how the foot hits the ground .
Participants were asked to wear either sneakers or thong flip - flops .
Auburn graduate student Justin Shroyer explained that their test showed that people are " very concerned about stubbing their toes particularly as they swing their leg through . "
" What we found is that people take shorter strides and that their ankle angle … the angle between their shin and the top of their foot … is actually increased … [ We ] attribute the change in ankle to protecting the toes as the foot swings through , but also to keeping the flip - flop on the foot so that it does n't fly off as they swing forward .
And so they do alter their gait , " said Shrover .
With the average American taking between 10,000 and 20,000 steps each day , the small changes in one 's gait can add up to serious injury .
" The major shock absorption occurs back on the heel , and if the surface between the heel and the ground is not supported it does not allow the heel to absorb shock as well as it should .
Which means the foot works harder than it should and people tend to develop overuse injuries such as tendonitis , or in this case , lower leg , knee , hip and back problems , " explained Dr. Rock Positano from the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York .
Fortunately for flip - flop fanatics , Positano says you do n't have to throw away those thong sandals quite yet .
" Look , this is not an attack on a flip - flop or a flip - flop like shoe .
Once again , it has to do with when you wear the flip - flop .
If it 's for hanging out around the swimming pool , or hanging out around the beach , or hanging out with your friends , they 're fine , " he said .
Today " Good Morning America " took a look at a some of this summer 's hottest styles for any situation .
For the Beach :
Old Navy , $ 5
Havaianas , $ 20
For Longer Wear ( with more support ) :
Reefs , $ 22-$ 25
Crocs , $ 22.99-39.99
For A Little Extra Workout :
Fit Flops , $ 49
Do you use Google 's Gmail and / or Google Calendar ?
Do you ever get calendar invites sent to you from customer service for any reason ?
A recent discovery by Sophos ' Graham Cluley reveals an incident of a message being sent in the form of a Google Calendar invite that is totally bogus .
The message is a poor attempt at phishing where it invites you to attend to a fake event .
Not only was this message found to be illegitimate but it stands out like a soar thumb with the multiple misspellings including the sender 's name , " customer varification " .
Yes , that is how they spelled " verification " , with two a's .
The sender does do one thing well .
The calendar invite looks identical to a real google calendar invite message .
Other than that it is obvious that a message sent from customerservice1026@gmail.com is not actually from Google 's Customer Service .
Do n't you think they would have used an actual google .com address ie : customerservice@google.com ?
Maybe this is a case when a " hacker goes wrong " or maybe he is partying a little too hard for this New Year 's party .
Below are the images of the phishing message
[ images source : sophos.com ]
The above Google Calendar Phishing message reads like the following :
THIS Email is from Gmail Customer Care and we are sending it to every Gmail Email User Accounts Owner for safety .
we are having congestions due to the anonymous registration of Gmail accounts so we are shutting down some Gmail accounts and your account was among those to be deleted .
We are sending you this email so that you can verify and let us know if you still want to use this account .
Later we find out that this message 's ultimate goal is to obtain personal information of yours by asking that you respond with your Google username , password and date of birth .
Furthermore , the phishing message does not take you to some phishing website or malicious web page as you may expect a phishing message to do .
You land on the Google Calendar site but if you are not bright enough to notice that this message is fake from the get - go then you may make the mistake of sending your personal information to a ( obviously drunk or stupid ) hacker .
In the past , phishing attempts have been much more sophisticated .
It just so happens that someone may fall for this trick and become this attacker 's latest victim but it sure is n't going to be you because you can spell " verification " correctly .
Astronomy Picture of the Day
Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 December 15
For my work on the Perl6 : : Cookbook I wanted to check out how one can go and start using Perl 6 ?
I have to admit that it was not clear to me so let me write down one of the approaches currently available .
You need an editor and one of the Perl 6 implementations .
Editor
The editor can be vim , emacs or any other text editor good for programming .
I think both vim and emacs already have Perl 6 mode , I do n't know about the others but I am not planning to write about any of these .
I obviously will recommend Padre and its Padre : : Plugin :: Perl6 Perl 6 implementation
Perl 6 is planned to have multiple implementation like most of the other languages have but unlike Perl 5 which only has a single implementation .
I am going to use Rakudo Perl running on Parrot as it is the one that currently shows the biggest potential .
Padre Installing Padre can be easy or difficult depending on various things , most notably luck .
Generally it should be enough to type install Padre in your CPAN shell but there might be some extra steps you need to make in order to get that work .
The download page of Padre provides further details .
Mandriva 2009 and Fedora 10 already have Padre packaged and while those are old version , it might be the best to use their package management and then upgrade .
They might even provide backported versions of the latest Padre .
Padre , Parrot and Rakudo on Windows
If you are running Windows we distribute a version of Portable Strawberry Perl ( beta 1 ) with all the necessary pieces already installed .
It can be downloaded from the Padre web site
It is currently 60 Mb zipped and 300 MB unzipped , which is a lot , but it is worth a try .
Once you have downloaded and unzipped the file you should move it to c:\portable or some similar path ( currently no spaces are allowed in the path ) .
Assuming you put it in C: \portable you can then go to c:\portable \perl\bin\ and run the portablepadre .
bat file .
That should start Padre with an empty file .
Type in use v6 ; say " Hello World " ; 42.say ; and press F5 .
When offered to save the file chose a name with .p6 extension .
It should run your code and provide the output in the lower output pane of Padre .
The Syntax highlighting is relatively slow , so it is tuned off by default but you can run in manually with the F6 key or in the Plugins / Perl6 menu .
Enjoy !
Update Apparently the parrot and rakudo I distributed does not work as it has some hard code path requirements .
Tomorrow I 'll try to build a new version which will include the missing files and will require you to install it in a specific location but will hopefully work then .
Thomas Noftall , the Brampton resident who believed he had won $ 135,000 from a lottery ticket the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. says was a mistake has agreed to accept an undisclosed financial settlement .
After meeting with lawyers , the lottery corporation agreed to pay Noftall " in recognition of the grief he 's gone through , " since being told he'd get the prize money , even though he was n't actually a winner , said OLG CEO Kelly McDougald at a press conference this afternoon .
" Despite the printing error , it was not a winning ticket , " she said , adding that aside from what might appear on the card , the barcode is the only way to confirm a winning ticket .
When Noftall called the OLG contact centre , a spokesperson told him that he would be able to collect his winnings .
Both parties have agreed not to make public how much he 'll actually take home to his Brampton basement apartment .
" There is general acknowledgement between both parties that he did n't have a winning ticket , " said McDougald .
" However , when he called in to our contact centre and asked if he would be paid in error , we erroneously told him that he would . "
" There was a unique situation with Mr. Noftall , in that it was very explicit that we made a direct miscommunication with him . "
A review of calls received at the contact centre ensured there has been no other miscommunication , McDougald said , meaning that 15 other " winners " and those who have not come yet forward are not likely to be compensated .
" It 's always difficult to tell someone who believes they 're a winner that they have n't got a winning ticket ...
We are not responsible for paying on non-winning tickets and I do n't think the public wants us to pay for non-winning tickets either . "
A printing error created 1,100 false winning tickets .
It is estimated that between 50 and 150 of the defective $ 3 Fruit Smash scratch tickets were purchased .
OLG said the situation has happened only three times in the past ten years .
" It is very clear in legislation and in game rules on our site that we are not to pay out prize amounts to misprinted tickets , " McDougald said .
2008 was a big year for indie gaming .
With the likes of Braid , Castle Crashers , World of Goo , and a host of other titles raking up big sales numbers , the indie gaming industry is growing right alongside its bigger brother .
And , like the indie film industry before it , the smaller , more humble sector of the industry garners a lot of adoration and respect from its faithful followers .
But now that the indie sector is growing , how does one stand out from the pack ?
According to one indie developer , the answer is simple : make games for Mac OS X and Linux .
Jeff Rosen of Wolfire Games recently made the case for indie devs to embrace cross-platform gaming on his company 's official blog .
Using the success of his own title , Lugaru , as a starting point , Jeff asserts that creating cross- platform games can have a huge affect on the way the market receives the title .
Even though OS X and Linux may have a smaller market share , Jeff argues , the residual word - of - mouth sales generated by that smaller piece of the pie can potentially facilitate a marked increase in total sales .
" Obviously supporting Mac OS X and Linux means you tap into another platform and expand your potential market base , " wrote Jeff .
" That much is clear .
But surely adding an extra five percent is negligible , right ?
Wrong .
Not all five percents are created equal . "
According to the sales statistics from Lugaru , which is currently available for PC , Mac , and Linux , Jeff witnessed a 122 percent increase in sales as a result of his decision to release the title on the OS X and Linux platforms in addition to Windows .
To date , 50 percent of the software 's overall sales have come from the Mac OS X version and another five percent of the Linux version .
Data source : Wolfire Games
Jeff 's argument essentially boils down to " it 's good to be a big fish in a small pond . "
By creating a title with a decent scale and scope for the Mac OS X and Linux platforms , developers gain attention from the media and the fan communities involved with those platforms , which can be a vocal minority .
" Having a Linux build meant coverage on Slashdot , " Jeff explained .
" A lot of people heard about and supported Lugaru simply because we had a Linux build . "
Those vocal minorities , if treated well , tend to evolve into evangelists , who in turn sell the game to others in a more passionate and contagious way .
" A small minority of your users will go crazy with your game and spread it all over the place , " said Jeff .
" On the Internet , all it takes is one thread on a popular forum , and you 've literally got hundreds or thousands of new visitors .
Basically , a small amount of your users can make a huge difference for you . "
" To conclude , if you 're not supporting Linux and Mac OS X from a philosophical standpoint or for the fans , at least do it for the money , " Jeff closed , bluntly .
" If you do n't support non-Windows platforms , you 're leaving a lot of cash on the table .
I do n't know about you , but I 'm not in a position to just say f— it to a large community of people who want to support us . "
Ignorance , arrogance , and bad code
So why have n't developers gotten on board with what seems like a solid game plan ?
" In an ideal world , every game would be available for the Mac , simply because the economics make sense , " Jeff told Ars .
" You do n't need to sell very many copies before the minimal cost of cross - platform development pays for itself . "
To Jeff , the answer lies in three key hang - ups that developers face : ignorance , arrogance , and bad code .
In Jeff 's mind , ignorance is the first hump which stops the ball from rolling .
" I think a lot of companies think it is harder than it is to support Mac OS X and Linux and that the pay off is a lot smaller than it is , " Jeff continued .
" The combination of these two fallacies means that it does n't get off the drawing board . "
As for arrogance , Jeff brings up a familiar story that Mac gamers might recall .
" There is the famous case of Half - Life 2 .
Valve wanted a $ 1 million dollar advance on the Mac OS X version .
No Mac developer has this kind of cash to front , and Apple decided not to foot the bill either , perhaps on principle of the unusual request .
There is no technical reason that Mac users can't have Half - Life 2 — it 's simply messed up business development . "
Lastly , bad code creates an obvious technical boundary that prevents cross- platform gaming from being a normal occurrence .
" Even if you have used some proprietary technology that is only available on Windows , like DirectX , a Linux superstar can still salvage it if your code is nice and has reasonable abstraction , " explained Jeff .
" However , if your code is terrible , the porting process will not be easy .
But porting your game to other platforms is not easy if you are not familiar with them .
Just the act of getting a Linux machine up and running , and getting familiar with new developer tools is too much of a barrier for most people . "
Even with cross-platform support , distribution is king
As the indie gaming community grows , indie developers will face the same challenges that big developers face on a micro level .
Advertising , or at least getting the word out there , will be a challenge , and decisions such as making a title cross- platform can have a huge , sweeping effect on the overall sales of a piece of software .
Jeff 's own title is a good example of this , as is other software such as Aquaria .
" Supporting other platforms will definitely give you a leg up on the competition , " Jeff reiterated .
But at the end of the day , distribution is king when it comes to indie success .
Exploring alternate release opportunities will be a key factor in the success or failure of indie devs moving forward .
Steam , in particular , has proven to be an excellent avenue for indie game distribution .
Having recently signed on to have his company 's titles hit Valve 's digital distribution platform , Jeff offered insight into the viability of these platforms for his company and his peers .
" While we did sign a deal with Steam and a few much smaller distributors , we are still waiting for replies from a number of other companies like Greenhouse , " he explained .
" Many distributors , even the ones that claim to be indie friendly , have not even replied to our multiple emails for over a month .
Kudos to Valve for being on the ball , even if they do n't support Mac OS X and Linux . "
Independent developers will continue to walk a hard road , but the future does look bright .
Distribution avenues for games are becoming more abundant and easier to access , and publishers are beginning to take more risks , as the costs of publishing games through digital distribution is minuscule compared to traditional retail modes .
This allows indie developers to spend their time developing solid games and trying to break out from the pack in the quest to claim a piece of gamers ' hearts .
And that 's good news for gamers — of all platforms .
Ask America 's foremost molecular gastronomist about the Willy Wonka comparisons , and Homaro Cantu will insist that he 's just an average guy who likes cheeseburgers .
But it 's not cheeseburgers that have earned the Chicago chef fame : it 's dishes prepared with industrial lasers , inkjet printers and liquid nitrogen .
Look beneath the technical sophistication , though , and Cantu 's kitchen pyrotechnics are revealed as explorations of possible answers to a very simple question :
What is food ?
And if the cuisine at Moto , his " molecular tasting lab , " can be described as postmodern , Cantu himself has little time for gastro - academic posing .
He 's driven by a techno - utopian vision of decentralized food in which the world 's ever - growing appetites are met by a radical transformation of agriculture itself — and it all begins in our kitchens .
" Make enough food for everyone .
That 's the end game , " says Cantu .
" And to get there , we have to start thinking a little crazier about what food is . "
Wired.com talked to Cantu about his tastes and vision .
Wired.com :
What have you been working on lately ?
Homaro Cantu :
We 've been trying to incorporate food from the green world , and started growing microalgae .
You can get 10,000 to 30,000 gallons of algae per acre .
It can be grown in salt or fresh water , in a whole variety of temperatures .
It increases the food supply rather than depleting it , and it's a net energy gain .
For $ 300 we built a photobioreactor that produced 15 gallons of food per month .
The idea was to take algae , process it into sushi and fuel , and deliver it it in a truck running on algae biofuel .
And we 're just a bunch of chefs .
If we can figure this out , I do n't know why others can't .
Wired.com : Hearing about algae or jellyfish as dietary staples depresses me .
Those are n't exactly humanity 's first choices in food .
Cantu : I can't think of a time in the history of man when food was in excess .
We 're dealing with the same old problems we 've dealt with for 60,000 years .
Look at corn , at how many products come out of it — food , plastics — on one crop a year .
Algae provides eight crops per year .
It 's the responsible thing to do .
Algae is the perfect food plant .
It doubles cell mass every twelve hours , depending on the strain .
The Japanese have a long lifespan in part because they eat different forms of algae .
Of course , we were also doing this to entertain ourselves .
Wired.com : Does that sense of play motivate your work ?
Cantu : Sure .
The world is full of challenges , but with those come opportunity , and I 'm an opportunist .
It 's fun to be in it , creating all these exciting new ways to live , rather than doing the same old boring thing .
That 's how mankind has evolved .
We 're just starting to see it in the kitchen in the restaurant world , but it 's been going on in the food processing world for 40 years .
Wired.com :
When I think of food processing , I think of food being stripped of its flavor and character — the opposite of dining .
Cantu :
I 'm not going to pin myself down and say that we do n't support processed foods .
Sixty - five percent of food in America is genetically modified or processed .
We 're part of that .
There 's two ways to look at it .
Let 's say you have a food printer and eight cartridges , and grow eight crops on the roof , and that 's all you need to replicate any food product you can imagine , from mom 's apple pie to a cheeseburger with French fries .
That would decentralize the food structure , and you 'd know exactly where your food comes from .
At the other extreme , you have what we 've been doing : agriculture .
The thing that came after permaculture .
The forest goes away , and we plant neat straight rows .
But it 's not sustainable over the long haul .
In the end we 're going to want to keep the pleasurable eating experience we have today , and technology is going to step in and decentralize that .
I support farmers , whether the farmer is a guy next door or a guy that lives in the breadbasket of America .
Wired.com :
But why cook these decentralized foods with printers or lasers ?
Cantu :
We have sautee pans and burners , too .
You can't print a great pizza unless you know how to make a great pizza .
There 's a lot to be said for classic cuisine .
Wired.com :
Are there principles that guide the design of your dishes ?
Cantu :
Make enough food for everyone .
That 's the end game .
And to get there , we have to start thinking a little crazier about what food is .
Wired.com :
What is food ?
Cantu :
It 's what enables us to live — and more than that , it 's dense energy storage .
If you look at it from that point of view , you start shooting two birds with one shot .
How can we get something new into the food supply while serving another purpose , such as making plastic ?
We 're going to start working with things that grow easily in varied climates , and the end result will be printed food that grows on your roof .
Decentralizing food is the wave of the future .
Wired.com :
Now that molecular gastronomy has gone relatively mainstream , do you see yourself as being different from other practitioners ?
Cantu :
There 's different parts to what I do .
There 's the restaurant , and everything I do outside .
In the restaurant , our food looks different .
You 'll have a Cuban sandwich that looks like a Cuban cigar with ash on it .
We specialize in the transmogrification of known food products into other forms .
That 's the biggest difference between us and the others .
But it is n't always the restaurant .
It 's me and the pastry chef , working out of sheer curiosity .
If you showed the average tinkerer how to do this , they 'd do it in a heartbeat .
That 's what I like about this
— and it's the stuff that you 'll see in a year or two that sets us apart .
We 're going to show people how to make plastic from potatoes .
How to make styrofoam peanuts from two ingredients and a microwave , and you 'll eat them , too .
There will be a polymer oven you can put in your microwave and 30 seconds later , it 's 500 degrees hot .
Instead of using a gas oven or giant electric oven , you 'll shrink it down to the size of your hand and only heat the space you need .
If you walk into a kitchen and it's hot , there 's wasted energy there .
Our kitchen is n't hot .
Wired.com :
Are you aware of what 's going on , at the molecular level , with your dishes ?
Cantu :
Yes and no .
We think of things in simple terms : how can we end world hunger ?
And then you investigate that .
Recently I started thinking about how people can eat the stuff they do n't eat now , that already grows around them .
If you can turn that into food and make it taste good , you 've got an answer .
I can't tell you more about this , but let 's just say I 've had my neighbors eating twigs and branches by giving them a supplemental product that makes it taste good .
You have to have some understanding of chemistry , of how taste receptors work , of how people perceive food .
But it starts with that initial crazy question :
What is food ?
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Persistence is Key
After two years , Thomas B. had become somewhat bored with his job .
He was the first developer the small TV station had ever hired , and while he enjoyed building a PHP - based CMS that they 'd use internally , over time his job had essentially been reduced to babysitting the web site .
He accepted another offer and told his boss about his plans to leave .
Since the CMS had been built from the ground up and Thomas was the only one who knew everything about the system , he was an integral part of the interviewing and hiring process .
His boss delivered him six résumés and told him that all six of those candidates would be in that day .
Thomas had n't been given much time to review the résumés , so he just had an opportunity to skim them before the first candidate arrived .
Five of the résumés sounded like they 'd all make at least decent candidates , but the sixth almost seemed like it had been submitted as a joke .
It looked completely unprofessional , and when Thomas scanned the page for " PHP , " " MySQL , " or even " JavaScript , " he could n't find any of them .
Her most recent work experience was essentially " stay at home mom . "
Thomas asked his boss if it was too late to cancel her interview , but his boss stubbornly insisted that the interviews would go as scheduled .
So one - by - one , he interviewed the candidates until the last interview of the day – Joyce .
Joyce arrived dressed like a sorority girl – white , fur - lined boots matching her white , fur - lined coat , which she wore over a leopard - print blouse – though the getup probably would 've been more appropriate on a woman less than half her age .
Joyce had a very cheerful disposition and was clearly excited about the opportunity to work at a TV station .
After introductions , Thomas 's boss asked an easy question .
" So , tell us , why did you apply for this position ? "
Joyce 's smile grew larger .
" Well , I want a challenging job , and making web pages really interests me ! "
" So , how many web sites have you worked on ? " Thomas asked .
" None yet . "
There was a brief moment of silence in the room .
" OK , so ... "
Thomas was eager to get things back on track .
" Ours are built in PHP , XHTML , and CSS .
Have you worked with those ? "
" Yes , I know HTML and the CCS . "
Really , did she just say " the CCS " instead of " CSS ? "
" And what about PHP ? "
" No , I do n't know that yet . "
Her smile faded a bit , as she must have understood how the interview was going .
" But I 'm very motivated and I 'm a fast learner ! "
She had spirit and a great attitude , but almost no qualifications .
Thomas all but checked out at that point , letting his boss take the reins .
Thomas was hardly paying attention , but did hear one last amazing answer .
His boss asked " Joyce , what do you think qualifies you for this position ? "
" Well , " she began , seeing this as a chance to turn things around , " I use a computer every day , for seven , eight hours !
And I have lots of programs installed on it ! "
A few minutes later , they said their goodbyes and thanked her for her time .
Joyce was polite and cheerful until the end , even though it was clear she would n't be getting a call back .
By now it was after 5:00 , so Thomas was about to get ready to go home .
Still , something was bothering him .
" So Mike , " he asked to his boss , " I do n't understand why we brought her in for an interview .
Her résumé was terrible , and her interview was n't much better . "
" Well , for one , " he began , " I admired her persistence .
She 's called about the position several times and showed the most genuine interest out of all the candidates . "
" I see , " Thomas responded , still thinking that it had been a waste .
" Also , we do n't want a sexual discrimination lawsuit . "
The Nightmare Dream Job
It could n't have been a more ideal position .
It was an ad for a company just over 100 miles from his small town , but they 'd allow Kirk S to telecommute .
Since his wife 's job was n't very portable , this was very important to him .
Still , if he ever had to go to the office for any reason , it was within reach – less than a two hour drive .
Plus the skillset they were looking for synched almost completely with what he'd been doing for the last few years .
Excitedly , he took the drive to their office for his interview .
The technical interview was going well , so one of the interviewers started to give some detail about their operations .
" So what we 're doing is going to revolutionize subscription monitoring . "
He went on to explain that they worked with hundreds of magazines and newspapers with millions of subscribers .
They were working on an application that would push information about subscribers ' accounts and subscriptions to the subscribers ' computers , assuming they had the desktop software installed .
Kirk was dubious , as he'd never cared that much about a magazine subscription to require a monitoring service for it , but whatever .
The pay was good and they seemed to know what they were talking about .
" So , " Kirk asked , " how often are you feeding this information to subscribers ? "
" Once per minute . "
Kirk 's jaw dropped .
" Seriously ?
How often does this information change ? "
He dodged the quesiton .
" We feel that the customer deserves to know current information about their transactions .
Do n't you agree ? "
" Well , what if their information has n't changed in the last minute ? "
At this point , the two interviewers exchanged a glance that Kirk could only interpret as meaning " he's an ignorant outsider , and he totally does n't ' get it . ' "
Defiantly , one of the interviewers contended " Look , we already have the service written .
It sends updates once per minute .
That 's how it works , and that 's how we want it to work , and that 's how we 'll want you to keep it working .
Our millions of subscribers deserve the best ! "
They 'd said " millions " earlier , but it had n't really registered with Kirk before .
" What kind of bandwidth do you guys have ? "
" A T - 1 . Why ? "
Some quick mental math revealed to Kirk that there was no way a single T - 1 could handle a minimum of a million packets ( roughly 17 Mb / s ) dispatched every sixty seconds .
He told this to the interviewers , who clearly had n't thought of it before , and sent him on his way to someone in HR .
She assured Kirk that he'd done well in the interview and that they 'd probably make an offer .
" So when can you start ?
Do you have a place in Omaha yet ? "
" Um , no .
The ad said this was a telecommuting position . "
" Oh , right , it is !
After the first year , you 'll get to work from home for a day or two a week ! "
Between the misleading job posting , the utter futility of the project , and the fact that they were betting the company on a service that would be mathematically impossible to provide , he wished them luck and started the long drive home .
Today we set my Nokia N96 down on its porno kickstand and marvel at the video options for that huge 2.8 - inch screen .
First up , the groundbreaking DVB - H live television tuner …
Oh , right …
Just like Japan ’s 1seg and South Korea ’s DMB , Digital Video Broadcast is n’t available in Canada or the US and A .
It has already launched in some Asian and European markets , though — hopefully when DVB finally makes its way here the carriers will see the value in keeping it a free service .
Yeah , probably not . 🙄
Next is a mobile version of BBC ’s iPlayer …
Oops , almost forgot that the old media old guard thinks it can divide up the internet into different markets as has been done in the past .
We have the same problem here , but that does n’t make it any less infuriating …
Finally , something I can watch !
The YouTube feed does a passable job of filling in for the sorely - missed emTube .
You ca n’t save videos , though , only stream them .
And ( big surprise ) you ca n’t save those 20th Century Fox film trailers to your handset , either .
But to give you an idea of the quality of these things you can check out this video of my first - ever S60 handset , courtesy of the directory ’s official Nokia feed .
Oh , and take note of the filetype and size while you ’re at it , as the N96 will only play MPEG - 4 video at 320 x 240 pixels .
Less than a week after researchers spotted new malware targeting naive Mac users , two additional titles have been spotted .
Security mavens at Mac anti-virus provider Intego say Trojan - horse software dubbed OSX .
Trojan .iServices .
B hitches a ride on pirated copies of Adobe Photoshop CS4 for Mac that are being distributed in warez channels .
A program used to generate a valid serial number to unlock the Adobe app installs a backdoor on machines that makes them part of a botnet .
The discovery comes four days after Intego warned of a trojan that piggybacked off illicit copies of Apple 's iWork 09 productivity suite .
The trojans are n't the only threats in the wild preying on OS X users .
According to researchers at anti-virus provider Kaspersky , two new applications that claim to offer anti-malware protection for Mac users have recently been spotted .
Rogue anti-virus programs have long been the bane of PC users .
Now they 're becoming increasingly common on the Mac platform as well , Kaspersky researcher Sergey Golovanov says .
No doubt , the debate about security of the Mac will continue to rage , with some claiming it is a harder platform to attack compared with Windows and others saying it remains relatively unscathed only because its considerably smaller market share makes it less of a target to cybercriminals .
What should be fairly well settled is the reality that these Mac - tailored social engineering attacks are now a fact of life .
Like their Windows brethren , OS X users who install pirated software or are otherwise careless do so at their own peril . ®
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Billionaire investor Warren Buffett is again the richest American , deposing Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates , after Forbes magazine recalculated the fortunes of some of the 400 wealthiest Americans .
Warren Buffett listens to a question during a news conference in Madrid , May 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Andrea Comas
The magazine took another look at the fortunes of some of the billionaires on its Forbes 400 list to assess the effect of the worst financial crisis since the 1930s Depression and released a select list naming some of those hit hard .
But while 17 billionaires on Forbes list lost more than $ 1 billion in the past month , Buffett managed to boost his wealth by $ 8 billion to $ 58 billion , pushing him ahead of Gates , whose fortune fell to $ 55.5 billion from $ 57 billion .
Gates had been ranked No. 1 on the Forbes 400 list for the past 15 years with his Microsoft fortune .
Buffett made his money by building his company Berkshire Hathaway Inc into a $ 199 billion conglomerate that invests in undervalued companies with strong management .
Late last month his company said it would invest $ 5 billion in Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
“ We chose to focus on some of the more high - profile billionaires on The Forbes 400 , and print a sampling of those who lost over $ 1 billion during the month of September , ” said Forbes senior editor Matthew Miller .
The initial list , released on September 17 , was calculated using publicly traded stock prices on August 29 , while the revised fortunes of some billionaires uses October 1 prices .
Third place Oracle Corp founder Lawrence Ellison , saw his estimated $ 27 billion fortune drop to $ 25.4 billion , but he did not appear to lose his position .
When the list was released last month , four members of the Walton family , descendants of Wal - Mart Stores Inc founder Sam Walton , held positions 4 through 7 , each with fortunes of about $ 23 billion .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg was at No. 8 with a fortune estimated at $ 20 billion from his news and financial data empire , while brothers Charles and David Koch rounded out the top 10 with fortunes of $ 19 billion each from their manufacturing and energy company Koch Industries .
Forbes did not say whether any of those positions had changed .
Of the billionaires whose fortunes were revised by Forbes , casino magnate Sheldon Adelson was hit hardest by the economic turmoil with his fortune dropping $ 4 billion to $ 11 billion , and Charles Ergen , chairman of satellite broadcaster EchoStar , lost $ 2.2 billion and is now said to be worth $ 5.9 billion .
A list of some of the recalculated fortunes is availablehere .
Emperors of the Sangoku ,
, the " Three Kingdoms , "
of India , China , & Japan
India and China are the sources of the greatest civilizations in Eastern and Southern Asia .
Their rulers saw themselves as universal monarchs , thereby matching the pretensions of the Roman Emperors in the West .
The only drawbacks to their historical priority were that India suffered a setback , when the Indus Valley Civilization collapsed ( for disputed reasons ) , and China got started later than the Middle Eastern civilizations .
By the time India recovered , it was a contemporary of Greece , rather than Sumeria , with many parallel cultural developments , like philosophy .
And , curiously , China reached a philosophical stage of development in the same era , the " axial age , " 800 to 400 BC .
Later , when the West , India , and China all had contact with each other , it was at first India that had the most influence on China , through the introduction of Buddhism .
Indian influence on the West , though likely through the skepticism of Pyrrho , and possibly evident in the halos of Christian saints ( borrowed from Buddhist iconography ) , did not extend to anything more substantial -- unless the whole world - denying character of Christianity was due , as Schopenhauer might have thought , to Indian influence .
While China then made Buddhism its own , India later endured the advent of Islâm , which introduced deep cultural and then political divisions into the Subcontinent .
The only comparable development as distruptive in China was the application of Marxism by the Communist government that came to power in 1949 .
While China instituted a liberal economic vision and has outgrown India , it retains the political dictatorship of Communism .
India , with a successful history as a democracy , found its growth hampered by socialist expectations and regulations ( the stifling " Licence Raj " ) , with some , but not enough , economic liberalization in the 1990's .
Since the 19th century , if not earlier , however , emigrants from China and India have distinguished themselves with their entrepreneurial spirit and economic success , sometime dominating economies where they are then resented , often with violence , by the local majority .
This is a valuable lesson , rarely noticed , for those who think that economic power is a function of political power , or that minorities are necessarily poor because of their powerlessness .
Successful Chinese or Indians may have been hated , or ignored , but never understood , in the blizzard of leftist ethnic ideology .
The idea that there are " Three Kingdoms , " Sangoku , is a Japanese conceit , placing those peripheral islands on equal standing with the great centers of civilization , India and China .
Until the 20th century , there would not have been a shadow of justification for that , except perhaps in subjective judgments about the creativity or originality of Japanese culture , which I am sure would be disputed by Koreans and Vietnamese .
However , after a process of self - transformation sparked by American intervention , Japan leapt to the status of a Great Power by defeating Russia in 1905 .
The Empire then spent the next 40 years throwing its weight around , occupying Korea and invading China , ultimately taking on the United States in a disastrous bid for hegemony ( 1941 - 1945 ) .
Catastrophic defeat slowed Japan down a little , but by the 1980's , the country had vaulted to the highest per capita income in the world , with wealth and economic power that deeply frightened many , even in the United States .
Japan remains the only Great Power , in economic terms ( as the Japanese military establishment remains low profile ) , not directly derived from European civilization .
Even after a decade of economic stagnation in the 1990's , Japan remained the second largest economy in the world ( about 40 % the size of the United States , more than 1.7 times the size of Germany , and finally reviving a bit in 2004 ) , although in per capita terms declining from 3rd in the world in 2003 to 11th in 2007 [ The Economist Pocket World in Figures , 2007 Edition ] .
However , by 2010 the economy of China had surpassed Japan in absolute size , although , of course , far behind Japan in per capita terms .
China is thus in the position that Russia was in 1914 -- underdeveloped in per capita comparisons but the fourth largest economy in the world ( after the United States , Germany , and Britain ) because of its relative development and absolute size .
The level of success of Japan , despite its relative decline , might still be thought to justify the Japanese view of themselves as unique , or at least special , certainly of the first order of geopolitical importance , giving us some motivation for the inclusion of Japan in a " Sangoku " page .
Philosophy of History
Index Introduction
Emperors of India The Nandas , c.450-c.321 The Mauryas , c.322-184 BC
Ceylon , Kings of Lanka & Kandy The Macedonian Kings of Bactria , 256- c.55 BC
The Sakas / Parthians , 97 BC - 125 AD
The Saka Era , The Indian Historical Era , 79 AD The Calendar in India The Kushans , c.20 BC - c.260 AD
The Guptas , c.320-550 AD
Vardhanas of Thanesar , c.500-647 AD
The Deccan , Carnatic , & Maharashtra , 543- 1317 AD Classical Indian Women 's Dress Kârkoṭas of Kashmir , 711- 810 AD Gurjara - Pratîhâras of Ujjain & Dantidurga , 725-1017 AD the Chola Kingdom , c.846-1279 Sulṭâns of Delhi , 1206 - 1555 Mu'izzî or Shamsî Slave Kings , 1206 - 1290 Khaljîs , 1290 - 1320 Tughluqids , 1320 - 1414 Sayyids , 1414 -1451 Lôdîs , 1451 -1526 Sûrîs , 1540 - 1555 Râjâs and Sulṭâns of Mysore , 1100 - 1949 Vijayanagar , 1336 - c.1660 Sikh Gurûs and the Khâlsâ , 1469 - 1849 The Punjab Moghul Emperors , 1526 - 1540 , 1555 - 1858 Moghuls and Mughals : South Asia in World History , by Marc Gilbert Diacritics Maratha ( Mahratta ) Confederacy / Empire , 1674 - 1848 Nawwâbs of the Carnatic , at Arcot Nawwâbs of Bengal , 1704 - 1765 Titular Nawwâbs of Bengal , to 1969 British Governors of Bengal and Governors - General of India , 1765 - 1858 Nawwâbs of Oudh , 1722 - 1856 Niẓâms of Hyderabad , 1720 - 1948 British Coinage of India , 1835 - 1947 British Emperors and Viceroys , 1876 - 1947 ( 1858-1950 ) Index of Princely States & Protectorates of British India Ceylon , British Governors Burma , British Governors Culmen Mundi The Himalayan Realms , Nepal , Bhutan , & Sikkim Prime Ministers of India Prime Ministers of Pakistan Prime Ministers of Ceylon / Sri Lanka
Emperors of China The Chinese Historical Era , 2637 BC Eras ( Nien - hao ) of Chinese History Shang Dynasty , 1523 - 1028 Chou Dynasty , 1027 - 256 Monarchical Acclamations Chinese Feudal Hierarchy Spring and Autumn Period Warring States Period States of the Eastern Chou Ch'in Dynasty , 255- 207 BC Nan Yüeh , 204- 211 BC Former Han Dynasty , 206 BC - 25 AD Later Han Dynasty , 25 - 220 AD The Three Kingdoms , 220- 265 Red Cliff , , 2008 , Red Cliff II , 2009 Northern and Southern Empires , 266- 589 The Six Southern Dynasties , 266- 589 The Sixteen Kingdoms of the Five Barbarians , 304-439 The Barbarians The Five Northern Dynasties , 386- 581 The Pilgrim Fa-hsien Sui Dynasty , 590 - 618 T'ang Dynasty , 618-906 The Pilgrim Hsüan - tsang The Pilgrim I -ching Judge Dee ( 630 -700 ) The Five Dynasties , 907-960 The Ten Kingdoms , 896-979 Tartar Dynasties Liao ( Khitan ) Dynasty , 907 - 1125 Hsi-Hsia ( Tangut ) State , 990 - 1227 Sung Dynasty , 960 - 1126 Tartar Dynasties Northern Liao ( Khitan ) Dynasty , 1122 - 1123 Western Liao ( Qara - Khitaï ) Dynasty , 1125 - 1218 Kin/ Chin ( Jurchen ) Dynasty , 1115 - 1234 Southern Sung Dynasty , 1127 - 1279 Yüan ( Mongol ) Dynasty , 1280 - 1368 Ming Dynasty , 1368 - 1644 The Voyages of Admiral He , 1405 - 1433 Southern Ming Dynasty , 1644 - 1662 Manchu Ch'ing Dynasty , 1644 - 1911 Foreign Encroachments The Barbarians Macao Hong Kong Kwangchouwan Tibet Republic of China , First Republic , 1912 - 1928 Second Republic , 1928 - present Communist China , Third Republic , 1949 - present Chef Ho and the Names of Chinese Restaurants Categories of Chinese Characters The Dialects of Chinese Examples of Dialect Differences Between Peking , Shanghai and , Canton Pronouncing Mandarin Initials Mandarin Finals and Syllables The Contrast between Classical and Modern Chinese The Solar Terms and the Chinese Calendar The Chinese 60 Year Calendar Cycle The Occurrence of the Solar Terms Groundhog Day and Chinese Astronomy
Emperors , Shoguns , & Regents of Japan The Japanese Historical Era , 660 BC Eras ( Nengô ) of Japanese History The Japanese " Emperor " Monarchical Acclamations The Legendary Period , 660 BC - 539 AD The Historical Period , 539 - 645 The Yamato Period , 645 - 711 The Nara Period , 711-793 The Heian Period , 793- 1186 Fujiwara Chancellors and Imperial Regents , 858-1868 Genealogy of the Fujiwara Dan - no - Ura Shrines and Temples The Kamakura Period , 1186 - 1336 Hôjô Regents The Nambokuchô Period , 1336 - 1392 Ashikaga Shôguns The Muromachi Period , 1392 - 1573 The Azuchi-Momoyama Period , 1573 - 1603 Himeji Castle The Edo Period , 1603 - 1868 Edo Castle , Tôkyô Imperial Palace The Modern Period , 1868 - present Prime Ministers , 1885 - present
The Periphery of China -- Korea , Vietnam , Thailand , Laos , Cambodia , Burma , Tibet , and Mongolia Kings of Korea Kings of Koguryo Kings of Paekche Kings of Silla and Korea Kings and Emperors of Vietnam Kings of Champa Kings and Emperors of Annam and Vietnam Kings of Thailand Kings of Sukhothai , c.1240-1438 Kings of Lan Na , 1259 - 1774 Chao of Chiang Mai , 1781 - 1939 Kings of Ayudhya , 1351 - 1767 King of Thonburi , 1767 - 1782 Kings of Bangkok , Chakri Dynasty , 1782 - present Kings of Laos Kings of Vientiane , 1353 - 1778 Kings of Luang Prabang , 1707 - 1975 Kings of Cambodia , 6th century AD - present Kings of Burma Kings of Arakan , 788-1784 Kings of Pagan , c.900-1325 Kings of Pinya , 1298 - 1364 Kings of Ava , 1364 -1555 Kings of Shan , 1287 - 1757 Kings of Taungu , 1531 - 1751 Kings of Konbaung / Burma , 1753 - 1885 British Governors , 1862 -1948 Heads of State of Burma , 1948 - present World War II in Burma Kings of Tibet and the Dalai Lamas First Kingdom of Tibet Mongol Regents Second Kingdom of Tibet The Dalai Lamas The Panchen Lamas The Himalayan Realms , Nepal , Bhutan , & Sikkim Culmen Mundi Straits Settlements Governors of Singapore Sulṭâns of Johor , 1528 - present Singapore , Prime Ministers The Mongol Khâns Index The Conquests of Chingiz Khân , 1227 The Great Khâns and the Yüan Dynasty of China The Grandsons of Chingiz Khân , 1280 The Chaghatayid Khâns The Khâns of the Golden Horde The Khâns of the Blue Horde The Khâns of the White Horde The Khâns of the Golden Horde The Khâns of Kazan The Khâns of Astrakhan The Khâns of the Crimea The Il Khâns The Jalâyirids , 1340 - 1432 The Qara Qoyunlu , 1351 - 1469 The Timurids , 1370 - 1501 The Aq Qoyunlu , 1396 - 1508 Shibânid Özbegs , 1438 - 1599 Kazakhs , 1394 - 1748 Toqay Temürids , 1599 - 1758 Mangıts of Bukhara , 1747 - 1920
Philosophy of History Home Page Copyright ( c ) 1998 , 1999 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2012 , 2018 , 2020 Kelley L. Ross , Ph.D. All Rights Reserved Emperors of India India has had less of a tradition of political unity than China or Japan .
Indeed , most of the names for India ( " India , " " Hind , " " Hindustân " ) are not even Indian .
As Yule & Burnell say in their classic A Glossary of Colloquial Anglo - Indian Words and Phrases [ " Hobson - Jobson , " Curzon Press , 1886 , 1985 , p. 433 ] :
It is not easy , if it be possible , to find a truly native ( i.e. Hindu ) name for the whole country which we call India ; but the conception certainly existed from an early date .
Bhâratavarsha is used apparently in the Purânas with something like this conception .
Bhâratavarṣa , , meant the " division of the world " ( varṣa ) of the Bhâratas -- the heroes of the great Mahâbhârata epic .
An independent India in 1947 decided to officially become Bhârat , ( the short final " a " not being pronounced in Hindi ) , with the earlier word emerging as Hindi Bhâratvarsh .
Probably India did not have a clear local name earlier because , like China , it seemed to be the principal portion of the entire world , and so simply the world itself .
As essentially constituting the world , there was another early name for India , Jambudvîpa , , the " Island of the Jambu Tree . "
In Buddhist cosmology , this was the great Southern Continent in the sea around the cosmic Mt. Sumeru ( or Meru ) , the only one inhabited with humans identical to us .
Thus , despite the existence of the other continents , Jambudvîpa constituted our world for all practical purposes .
The only question was how much of it was taken up by India .
Since the name often seems to be used interchangeably with India , there was early on not much sense that much existed beyond what we still call the " Subcontinent " ; and since Jambudvîpa was thought to be triangular in shape , this was consistent with the form of India , which is roughly triangular .
Indeed , India was once an island in the Mesozoic Ocean , but it moved north and collided with Asia .
The use of Jambudvîpa for India may have declined as the size of Asia became more apparent from the reports of traders , travelers , and conquerors .
Eventually , Buddhist cosmology was that Jambudvîpa consisted of " sixteen major countries , five hundred middle - sized countries , and a hundred thousand minor countries , as well as countless island countries scattered in the sea like ' millet grains or dust motes ' . "
Since these numbers are vastly larger than the membership of the United Nations today , Jambudvîpa was ultimately conceived as larger than what we now know of the whole of Planet Earth .
In Chinese , we get various ways of referring to India .
The modern form , , renders the name phonetically with characters of no particular semantic significance ( " print , stamp , or seal " and " a rule , law , measure , degree " ) .
This rendering , of course , is based on a name from Greek , Ἰνδία , or Arabic , ( ʾal - Hind ; , Hindî , " Indian , " in Devanagari ) , that would have been unknown in China until modern times .
The older practice , however , was dedicated characters that might have a larger meaning .
Thus , we get or , in which can be a kind of bamboo but otherwise is just used for India .
Semantically stronger is , where is primarily used for the Indian god Brahmâ ( ) and then for compounds involving India or Buddhism .
Thus we get expressions like , " Sanskrit , " , " Sanskrit writing , " and , " Sanskrit characters . "
In Japan , India was sometimes called the Yüehchih , , the " Moon Tribe . "
This appealed because of the contrast with Japan , the , " Sun Source . "
The Japanese knew from Chinese histories that the Yüehchih were in the West , and since they were a bit vague about what was in the West , but they knew that India was also , the connection got made .
They might not have known that the Yüehchih actually did enter India as the Kushans
When a unified state has occurred in Indian history , it has had varying religious , political , and even linguistic bases : e.g. Hindu , Buddhist , Islâmic , and foreign .
The rule of the Sulṭâns of Delhi and the Moghul Emperors was at once Islâmic and foreign , since most of them were Turkish or Afghani , and the Moghul dynasty was founded directly by incursion from Afghanistan .
The supremely foreign unification of India , of course , was from the British , under whom India achieved its greatest unity , although that was lost upon independence to the religious division between India and Pakistan .
The Moghuls and British , of course , called India by its name in their own languages ( i.e. " Hindustân , " , [ with " n " written as a nasalization ] , or , and " India " ) .
With a unified state in India a rare phenomenon , often under foreign influence , and with only a derivative indigenous name for the modern country as a whole , one might wonder if the term " Emperor , " with its implications of unique and universal monarchy , is aptly applied to Indian rulers .
However , from an early date there was a notion of such monarchy , which depended only on a conception of the world , particularly as Jambudvîpa , , whether India itself was clearly conceived or not , but with some actual examples , beginning with the Mauryas .
The universal monarch was the Cakravartin , , " Who Turns the Wheel of Dominion . "
He could also be called the " One Umbrella Sovereign , " after the parasol carried to mark the location of royalty .
The Cakravartin rules , or at least has authority , over all of Jambudvîpa .
In Chinese , Cakravartin could be rendered as , " Wheel [ i.e. Cakra ] King , " , " Wheel Turning King , " or , " Wheel Turning Sacred King . "
The first Chinese Emperor who thought of his universal dominion in these Buddhist terms was Yang Chien , founder of the Sui Dynasty .
Thus , the prophecy was that Siddhartha Gautama might have become the Buddha or a Cakravartin , a world ruler .
The word was ambiguous , since the term can mean simply a sovereign , but its use is paralleled by the Latin word Imperator , which simply means " Commander " and grew , by usage , into a term for a unique and universal monarch .
As it happened , many of the monarchs who began to claim ruler over all of India did usually use titles that were translations or importations of foreign words .
Thus , the Kushans used titles like Râjatirâjâ , " King of Kings , " and Mahârâjâ , " Great King , " which appear to be translations from older Middle Eastern titles .
While the original " Great King " long retained its uniqueness , thanks to the durability of the Persian monarchy , the title in India experienced a kind of grade inflation , so that eventually there were many , many Mahârâjâs .
With Islâm came a whole raft of new titles .
One was Sulṭân , which originally was an Arabic title of universal rule itself but had already experienced its own grade inflation .
Persian titles , like Pâdeshâh , centuries after the Achaemenids , were now borrowed rather than translated .
With the Moghuls , however , the names of the Emperors , more than their titles , reflected their pretensions : like Persian Jahângir , " Seize ( gir ) the world ( jahân ) . "
The most remarkable title borrowed from the West is probably Kaisar , but the Latin title itself arrived with Queen Victoria , IND IMP , Indiae Imperatrix , in 1876 .
The last Indiae Imperator was King George VI , until 1947 .
In addition to these complications , Indian history is also less well known and dated than that of China or Japan .
Classical Indian literature displays little interest in history proper , which must be reconstructed from coins , monumental inscriptions , and foreign references .
As Jan Nattier has said recently [ A Few Good Men , The Bodhisattva Path According to the Inquiry of Ugra ( Ugraparipṛcchâ ) , University of Hawai'i Press , 2003 ] : ... the writing of history in the strict sense does not begin in India until the 12th century , with the composition of Kalhaṇa 's Râjataraṅgiṇî . [ p.68 ]
Because of this , even the dating of the Mauryas and the Guptas , the best known pre-Islâmic periods , displays small uncertainties .
The rulers and dates for them here are from Stanley Wolpert 's A New History of India [ Oxford University Press , 1989 ] , the Oxford Dynasties of the World by John E. Morby [ Oxford University Press , 1989 , 2002 ] , and Bruce R. Gordon 's Regnal Chronologies .
Gordon had the only full lists I 'd ever seen for the Mauryas , Kushans , and Guptas until I found the Oxford Dynasties , which has the Mauryas and Guptas but nothing else until the Sulṭanate of Delhi .
Besides Wolpert , another concise recent history of India is A History of India by Peter Robb [ Palgrave , 2002 ] .
It is becoming annoying to me that scholarly histories like these are almost always but poorly supplemented with maps and lists of rulers , let alone genealogies ( where these are known ) .
Both Wolpert and Robb devote much more space to modern India than to the ancient or mediaeval country , and this preference seems to go beyond the paucity of sources for the earlier periods .
More satisfying than Wolpert and Robb is another recent history , A History of India by John Keay [ Harper Perennial , 2000 , 2004 ] .
Keay has an apt comment for the phenomenon just noted in the other histories :
In contriving maximum resolution for the present , there is also a danger of losing focus on the past .
A history which reserves half its narrative for the nineteenth and twentieth centuries may seem more relevant , but it can scarcely do justice to India 's extraordinary antiquity .
[ p.xxi ]
Keay thus does a better job of dealing with the eras ( and their obscure events ) that fall between the Mauryas , Guptas , and the Islamic states with their new , foreign traditions of historiography .
One drawback of Keay 's book is its total innocence of diacritics .
Indeed , it is even innocent of any acknowledgement of this , which would leave the reader wondering why a word is given as " Vidisha " in one citation and " Vidisa " in another [ cf. p.90 ] .
Keay also exhibits the occasional ignorance of Indianists for the Persian and Arabic backgrounds of some words , where here I explain the difference between Ghazna and Ghaznî and between Moghul and Mughal .
We also find Keay carelessly referring to the capital of the Caliph al - Walîd as Baghdad , a city that was not yet founded [ p.185 ] .
The " Saka Era , " , as the Indian historical era , significantly starts rather late ( 79 AD ) in relation to the antiquity of Indian civilization .
Indeed , like Greece ( c.1200 -800 BC ) and Britain ( c.400-800 AD ) , India experienced a " Dark Ages " period , c.1500 - 800 BC , in which literacy was lost and the civilization vanished from history altogether .
Such twilight periods may enhance the vividness of quasi-historical mythology like the Iliad , the Arthurian legends , and the Mahâbhârata .
The earliest history of India is covered separately at " The Earliest Civilizations " and " The Spread of Indo - European and Turkish Peoples off the Steppe . "
The affinities of Indian languages are also covered at " Greek , Sanskrit , and Closely Related Languages . "
Readers should treat with caution some scholarship and a great deal of the material on the internet about the Indus Valley Civilization and its relationship to Classical Indian civilization , or all of civilization .
The claims have progressed to the point now where not only are all of Indian civilization and all of its languages regarded as autochthonous ( with Indo - European languages said to originate in India , and derived from Dravidian languages , rather than arriving from elsewhere and unrelated to Dravidian ) , but the civilization itself is said to extend back to the Pleistocene Epoch ( before 10,000 BC ) , with any ruins or artifacts conveniently covered by rising sea levels .
The urge towards inflated nationalistic claims is familiar .
Particular claims about India are treated here in several places but especially in " Strange Claims about the Greeks , and about India . "
THE NANDAS , c.450?-c.321 Mahapadma Nanda c.450?-c.362 ?
Pandhuka c.362-?
Panghupati Bhutapala Rashtrapala Govishanaka Dashasidkhaka Kaivarta Dhana Nanda
( Argames ) ? –c.321 BC
THE MAURYAS , ,
c.322-184 BC
Chandragupta ;
Greek , Sandrákottos ,
c.322-301
Bindusâra 301-269
Ashoka , Aśoka 269- 232 Kunala ?
232-225 Dasharatha 232-225 Samprati 225-215 Shâlishuka 215-202 Devadharma/
Devavarman 202-195 Shatamdhanu /
Shatadhanvan 195-187 Br.hadratha 187-185
Below we have a sculpted image of Ashoka from the extraordinarily well preserved Buddhist Stupa complex he built at Sanchi .
He is surrounded by court women , whom we clearly see are lacking underwear , with the pudendal cleft ( rima pudendi ) not only shown , but conspicuous in a way that is contrary to human anatomy .
This is a vivid example of how the Indian tradition of dress ( and art ) initially had no problem displaying female genitals .
I know of no other example of this in world history .
The Egyptians and the Greeks , for all their comfort with various kinds of undress and nudity , nevertheless drew the line at female genitals .
Greek and Rome sculpture typically does n't even allow space between the legs for female genitals .
Otherwise , the hips and breasts of the female figures here are familiar from all later Indian art .
There is also the curious feature of this image that Ashoka seems to have an oversized head , and he also seems to be positively supported by two of the women , as though he is weak or stumbling .
Is this some evidence of illness or deformity ?
We have no other information or indication of such things , so it will likely remain mysterious .
The sensuality of a court with only all - but - naked female attendants in evidence may not be surprising in the nation of the Kama Sutra , but it may now seem a little incongruous at a sacred Buddhist site .
Ashoka can be rather well dated because he sent missionaries or letters to the contemporary Hellenistic monarchs , Antiochus II Theos ( Antiyoka ) of the Seleucid Kingdom , Ptolemy II Philadelphus ( Turamaya ) of Egypt , Antigonus II Gonatas ( Antikini ) of Macedonia , Magas ( Maga ) of Cyrene , and Alexander II ( Alikasudara ) of Eprius , urging them to convert to Buddhism themselves and apparently receiving the impession , one way or another , that they had .
Greek history contains no record of these efforts .
There is also an attested eclipse in 249 dated with a regal year date .
Ashoka 's reign is used to date the life of the Buddha , since tradition in Sri Lanka ( Ceylon ) is that the Buddha died 218 years before Ashoka came to the throne .
That would put his death in 487 BC , which is close to the generally used date .
The Ceylonese chronology is now often questioned , with alternative reckonings placing the Buddha 's death about a century later .
John Keay 's history inclines in this direction [ cf. op .
cit. p.62 ] .
Among Ashoka 's many works for Buddhism , one has come in for recent prominence .
In 1898 , an amateur archaeologist , William Claxton Peppe , excavated a stupa at Piprahwa on his land near Birdpore -- itself near one of Ashoka 's pillars .
This was in Uttar Pradesh , in the ancient lands of the Shakya Clan of the Gautama Buddha .
Relics , identified as those of the Buddha on one reliquary , were recovered by Peppe .
In 1971 K.M. Srivastava excavated further at the site and discovered more relics , at a deeper layer , which findings were not formally published until 1991 .
The actual bones and ashes of the Peppe discovery had been donated by the British Government of India to the Buddhist King of Siam ; but the inclusions of hundreds of small jewels , including gold leaf flowers and other treasures , had been divided between the Peppe family and the Government , with the family only keeping things that were duplicates .
It is worth recalling the Buddhist belief that cremation itself produces jewels as part of the ashes of saints , including the Buddha himself .
The speculation now is that the Piprahwa relics consisted of the original 1/8th share of the Buddha 's relics that had been given to the Sakyas , and that Piprahwa can be identified with the site of Kapilavastu that had been recorded as where the Shakyas kept the relics .
The lower layer of excavation was from the original burial , while the stupa excavated by William Peppe was a later work , with reburial , of Ashoka himself .
Nepal believes that Kapilavastu is a site in that country , but nothing like the Piprahwa relics has ever been discovered anywhere else .
That the stupa itself was built by Ashoka is a determination that relies on its date , since there are no inscriptions on site , except for the short text on the reliquary -- which itself is of the language and alphabet ( the Brahmi ) of Ashoka 's age .
While the Mauryas are the beginning of historical India , a great deal had already been going on ( like the life of the Buddha ) that in a Greek or Chinese context we would expect to be within historical time .
In traditional Indian terms , such events were already covered by the " Fifth Veda , " the historical Epics of the Mahâbhârata and the Râmâyaṇa .
One reason for the lack of interest in history in Indian secular literature may have been the feeling that , as only eternity is significant and all other time is cyclical and repetitive , the Epics thus represent everything that can possibly happen in history .
There is even a saying , " Everything is in the Mahâbhârata . "
Our lack of knowledge of individual Indian philosophers from this early period , even though we possess much of an undoubted early date in the Upaniṣads , may also be due to the idea that such texts , as parts of the Vedas , were actually part of eternal revelation and were not originated by their authors .
Indian Philosophy
Buddhist Philosophy
MACEDONIAN KINGS OF BACTRIA
256-c.55 BC
THE SAKAS ,
c.130 BC Maues 97-58 BC
Vonones Spalyris Spalagademes Spalirises Azes I c.30 BC Azilises Azes II THE PARTHIANS / SUREN Pakores Orthagnes Gudnaphar
( Gondophernes ) c.19-45 AD
Abdagases Sasas Arsaces Theos Nahapa 119-124 AD
There are no historical documents or preserved narratives from this period , and the rulers are mostly known from coins , which may have dates ,
THE SAKA ERA ,
THE INDIAN
HISTORICAL ERA 79 AD 2000 AD - 78 = 1922 Annô Sakidae
The Calendar in India
Simultaneously with the descent of Sakas into India , Parthians ( Pahlavas ) or Suren appear from the west , and some of them become established in India independent ( or not ) of the Parthian King .
The Parthians spoke a " North - Western " Iranian language , though its origin was far south of the Scythians .
The sources are sometimes confused about which Indian rulers are Sakas and which are Parthians , since they are never attested as which .
Gudnaphar ( Greek Gondophernes ) , who traditionally is supposed to have welcomed the Apostle Thomas to India , seems to have been Parthian .
The legend of the mission of Thomas to India is now of renewed interest because of the discovery of the text of the Gospel of Thomas , one of the Gnostic Gospels , in Egypt in 1945 .
THE KUSHANS Kujula Kadphises c.20 BC - c.30/64 AD
Wima / Welma Taktu c.30-c.80 Welma Kadphises c.80-c.103 Kanishka I c.103-c.127 AD
Vasishka I c.127-c.131 Huvishka I c.130-c.162 Vasudeva I c.162-c.200 Kanishka II c.200-c.220 Vasishka II c.220-c.230 Kanishka III c.230-c.240 Vasudeva II c.240-c.260
Vasu late 3rd century Chhu late 3rd century Shaka 3 - 4th century Kipanada 4th century
Κοσσανοί
The Hsiung - nu , , probably the later Huns , drove the Yuèzhi back into the Tarim Basin ( 170 BC ) .
These were the " Lesser " Yüeh - chih , .
Some continued on into Transoxania , where they become the " Greater " Yüeh - chih , ) .
They dominated these areas c.100 BC - 300 AD .
The language of the Lesser Yüeh - chih is attested in Buddhist texts in two dialects of Tocharian ( A and B ) .
The Greater Yüeh - chih , as the Kushans , followed other steppe people down into India .
Some small uncertainty perisisted over the identification of the Yüeh - chih with the Kushans and the writers of Tocharian , but the debate over Tocharian seems to have been resolved with a positive identification .
The recent discovery of well - preserved , European - looking mummies along the Silk Road serves to affirm the European and so Indo - European bona fides of the still illiterate ( from a period long before Tocharian ) local culture .
Unfortunately , the Tocharian texts do not include historical works , which might have removed uncertainties and added an invaluable framework for understanding the area .
Although the dates are still very uncertain , historical information in India is rather better than for the preceding period .
Of special importance is King Kanishka , under whom the Fourth Great Buddhist Council is supposed to have been held , as the Third was under Ashoka .
Kanishka is said to have been converted to Buddhism by the playwright Ashvaghosha .
The earliest actual images of Buddhas and Boddhisattvas date from his reign .
Also of interest are the Kushan royal titles , Maharaja Rajatiraja Devaputra Kushâṇa .
Rajatiraja , " King of Kings , " is very familiar from Middle Eastern history , since monarchs from the Assyrians to the Parthians had used it .
Maharaja , " Great King , " is very familiar from later India but at this early date betrays its Middle Eastern inspiration , since it was originally used by the Persian Kings .
Devaputra , " Son of God , " sounds like the Kushans claiming some sort of Christ - like status , which is always possible , but it may actually just be an Sanskrit version of a title of the Chinese Emperor , " Son of Heaven . "
The Roman trading posts in Kushan India bespeak a great deal of trade and contact , about which we get the occasional notice in Greek and Roman writers , but which do not become a source of any extensive knowledge of India or its history recorded by either .
Something else overlooked by Classical historians nevertheless turns up in Chinese history .
That is , a Roman Embassy made its way by way of India by sea to the China of the Later Han Dynasty .
It is recorded that in the year 166 AD ( in the time of King Vasudeva I ) an embassy arrived in Lo - Yang from a ruler of , " Great Ch'in , " named Andun , which looks like a rendering of Antoninus .
The year 166 was in the early days of Marcus Aurelius ( Antoninus ) .
Since we know , besides the presence of Romans in India , that there were well traveled sea routes to China ( see the voyage of Fa-hsien below ) , this Roman Embassy easily passes the test of credibility .
It is a shame that such a project , like the letters written by Ashoka to Hellenistic monarchs , escaped the notice of Greek and Roman historians .
While the imperial maps here until 1701 are based on Stanley Wolpert 's A New History of India [ Oxford University Press , 1989 ] , the map for the Kushans is based on the The Anchor Atlas of World History , Volume I [ 1974 , Hermann Kinder , Werner Hilgemann , Ernest A. Menze , and Harald and Ruth Bukor , p.42 ] , which now has been reissued in identical form as The Penguin Atlas of World History , Volume I [ Penguin Books , 1978 , 2003 ] .
The rule of the Guptas was one of the classic ages of Indian history , for whose culture we have a rather full description by the Chinese Buddhist pilgrim Fa-hsien ( Fǎxiǎn , d.c.422 ) , who was in India between 399 and 414 ( see map below ) , in the time of Chandra Gupta II .
This was the last time that the North of India would be united by a culturally indigenous power .
The Guptas patronized the Hindu , Buddhist , and Jain religions equally .
Consequently , they now become celebrated , like Ashoka and Akbar , as examplifying a modern liberal ideal of tolerance and enlightenment .
This is anachronistic but not inappropriate as long as we realize the limitations of such an identification .
The Indian monarchs , however relatively enlightened , were autocrats , and thus comparable less to liberal democracy than to " Enlightened Despots " like Frederick the Great of Prussia .
Thus , their magnanimous patronage of religions certainly did not extend to the toleration of political opposition .
THE GUPTAS , ,
c.320-551 AD
Gupta 275-300
Ghaṭotkaca 300-320 Chandra Gupta I 320-335
Samudra Gupta 335-370 Rama Gupta ?
370-375
Chandra Gupta II 375-415
Kumâra Gupta I 415-455
Skanda Gupta 455-467 Kumâra Gupta II 467-477
Budha Gupta 477-496 Chandra Gupta III ?
496-500
Vainya Gupta 500-515
Narasimha Gupta 510 - 530 Kumâra Gupta III 530- 540
Vishṇu Gupta 540-551
While the name of Chandragupta , the founder of the Mauryas , is usually given as one word , the " Gupta , " ( " guarded , protected " ) , element in names of the Gupta dynasty is usually , but not always , written as a separate word .
The Oxford Dynasties writes them together .
Classical Sanskrit , of course , like Greek and Latin , ordinarily did not separate words at all .
One of the unique monuments of the Gupta dynasty is the Iron Pillar of Delhi , seen at right .
This is a solid piece of wrought iron more than 22 feet tall .
Delhi may not have been its original location , but exactly where that would have been and when or why the pillar was brought to Delhi is a matter of conjecture .
The pillar is dedicated to Vishnu , but any other Hindu structures around it were demolished by the Sulṭâns of Delhi , who built the nearby Qutub Minar tower and the Quwwat - ul - Islam mosque .
Dating the pillar is also a matter of some uncertainty , since its inscription merely mentions a King named " Chandra . "
This is generally taken to mean Chandra Gupta II , reinforced by the evidence of the style and language of the pillar , in comparison to known art of the Guptas , like the coins of Chandra Gupta II .
It is also sometimes said that the pillar was erected to commemorate Chandra Gupta by his successor Kumâra Gupta I .
The Pillar , however , is such an extraordinary artifact that some people reject the mundane historical explanations and prefer that the object is much , much older , or even the work of extra-terrestrials .
The Pillar does testify , however , to the sophistication of Indian iron work , of which there is much other evidence .
The steel of the famous Damascus steel swords of the Middle Ages was actually manufactured and exported from India , with techniques that had been used for centuries .
The Pillar , although not itself steel , does exhibit the technique that leaves it appearing to be a single piece of iron -- forge welding , where hot iron is hammered and fused together .
This is the technique that produced the bars of steel that were exported .
The pilgrimage of Fa-hsien is noteworthy for many things , but one feature in particular evident from the map is that the entire homeward leg of the journey was by sea .
This reminds us of the sea routes that had been busy since the Greeks and extended all the way from Egypt to China .
We have frustratingly little in the way of historical documents about this business , but when we do get an account , as with Fa-hsien , we realize how routine the communication was ( with understandable hazards and misadventures ) .
Towards the end of the period , the Guptas began to experience inroads from the Huns ( Huna ) , the next steppe people , whose appearance in Europe ( it is supposed that these are the same people ) , of course , pressured German tribes to move into the Roman Empire .
By 500 , Huns controlled the Punjab and in short order extended their rule down the Ganges .
They do n't seem to have founded any sort of durable state and eventually suffered defeats .
The Huns were the last non-Islamic steppe people to invade India .
Vardhanas of Thanesar Naravardhana ? c. 500 -? Rajyavardhana I? Pushyabhûti Adityasena Vardhana c.555-580 Prabhakaravardhana c.580-c.605 nephew of Mahâsenagupta Rajyavardhana ( II ) c.605-606 Harsha Vardhana 606-647
The Later Guptas , of
Magadha , c.550-700 AD
Kumâragupta c.550-560 Dâmodaragupta c.560-562 Mahâsenagupta c.562-601 vassals of Kâlachuris ,
595/6-c.601 Mâdhavagupta c.601-655 Âdityasena c.655-680 Devagupta c.680-700 overthrown by Yashovarman
of Kanauj , 725-730
Harsha Vardhana , from Thanesar , north of Delhi , was one ruler who for a while united most of the North of India again , and , as luck would have it , we have the account of Hsüan - tsang ( Xuanzang , 600 - 664 ) , another Chinese Buddhist pilgrim , who went to India between 629 and 645 , during his time .
In his A History of China [ Basic Books , 2009 ] , John Keay says , " Indeed , most of what is known of Harsha and his empire , and of India in the seventh century , derives from Xuanzang 's Record of the Western Regions " [ p.241 ] .
There is a remarkable sequel to this :
In the mid-nineteenth century , armed with a French translation of Xuanzang 's itinerary ( the first to appear in any European language ) , Alexander Cunningham , a Scots general in British India , devoted his retirement to rediscovering the long - forgotten sites associated with the Buddha 's life and early Buddhism ; from this exercise there grew the Archaeological Survey of India , whose responsibilities now probably exceed those of any other heritage body and of which Cunningham was both founder and director .
[ ibid. , p.241 ]
Thus , the ancient Chinese pilgrim allows the modern British general to initiate the modern archaeology of Indian Buddhism , and then that of all India .
Hsüan - tsang 's account follows a story we have from the other direction , that of a Greek sailor , Cosmas Indicopleustes , Κοσμᾶ ς ὁ Ἰνδικοπλεύστης , who visited India , Ceylon , and even Axumite Ethiopia some time before 550 AD , during the reign of the Roman Emperor Justinian .
Unfortunately , Cosmas was a bit of a crackpot who seemed just as concerned with proving , despite widely accepted evidence ( recounted in detail by Aristotle ) , that the Earth was flat rather than spherical .
Thus , we can imagine that Cosmas , whose book was the Christian Topography , was hostile to a round earth for much the same ( religious ) reasons that contemporary anti-Darwinians are hostile to Evolution .
Harsha enjoyed a long reign but , when he attempted to expand south into the Deccan , he was defeated by Pulakeshin II of Vâtâpi ( or Badami ) .
Subsequently , we get dynasties whose power occasionally spans the country , but none are able to secure hegemony for long .
Indian Buddhism , although patronized by Harsha , already seemed to be in decline to Hsüan - tsang , and some important Buddhist sites were already neglected or abandoned .
John Keay cites the Pala Dynasty of Bengal ( 8th - 9th centuries AD ) as the " last major Indian dynasty to espouse Buddhism " [ India , op.cit. pp.192-193 ] .
Indeed , I think the contemporary development of Tantrism was obscuring the differences between Hinduism and Buddhism -- Keay agrees with this [ p.194 , in a comment marred by the rationalism he attributes to the pure original Buddhism of the Buddha ] .
It was also during this period that we begin to get identifiable individual Indian philosophers , like Shankara ( c.780-820 ) , from whom we have a classic formulation of the doctrine of the Vedanta School .
With the period of the Classical Empires over , it is striking that only now do individuals appear in the light of history in Indian philosophy .
There is speculation that Shankara already represents a reaction to the arrival of Islâm on the borders of India .
the Deccan ,
the Carnatic , & Maharashtra Châlukyas of Vâtâpi Pulakeshin I c.543-566 Kîrtivarman I c.567-597 Mangalesha c.597-609 Pulakeshin II c.609-642 overthrows Kâlachuris , c.620 ; killed in battle by Narasimha Varman I of Pallava , 642 ; interregnum , 642-655 ; Arab attacks , 644 Vikramâditya I 654/5-681 Arab attacks , 677 Vinayâditya c.680-696 defeats Later Gupta Devagupta , 695 Vijayâditya c.696-733/4 Vikramâditya II c.733-744/5 defeat and explusion of Arabs from India , 737 Kirtivarman II 744/5-753 Râṣṭrakûṭas
of Ellora & Malkhed Dantidurga c.735-744 Krishna I c.755-772 Dhruva Dhârâvarsha c.780-793 defeats Gangetic powers but abandons North Govinda III c.793-814 occupies North again , height of Râṣṭrakûṭa power Amoghavarsha c.814-880 Krishna II c.878-914 Indra III c.914-928 Amoghavarsha II c.928-929 Govinda IV c.930-935 Amoghavarsha III c.936-939 Krishna III c.939-967 Khoṭṭiga c.967-972 Karkka II ( Amoghhavarsha IV ) c.972-973 Châlukyas
of Kalyâṇî Taila II Ahavamalla 973-997 Satyasraya Irivabedanga 997-1008 invasions of Mahmud of Ghaza , 1001 - 1024 Vikramaditya I 1008 - 1014 Ayyana 1014 -1015 Jayasimha 1015 - 1042 Somesvara I 1042-1068 Somesvara II 1068 - 1076 Vikramaditya II 1076 - 1127 Somesvara III 1127-1138 Jagadekamalla 1138-1151 Tailapa 1151-1156 Kâlachuris Bijjala 1156-1168 Somesvara 1168-1177 Sankama 1177 -1180 Ahavamalla 1180 - 1183 Singhana 1183-1184 Châlukyas Somesvara IV 1184-1200 Yâdavas Singhana 1200 - 1247 Krishna 1247-1261 Mahadeva 1261-1271 Amana 1271 Ramachandra 1271-1311 Sankaradeva 1311-1313 Harapaladeva 1313-1317 To Delhi , 1317 - 1336 ;
then Vijayanagar , 1336
Initial invasions by the Arab Omayyad Caliphs , starting in 644 , were repulsed by 737 , after episodes of the Arabs slaughtering local populations or deporting them as slaves .
Curiously , these Muslims were at first called " Greeks , " i.e. Yavana , .
This is rather like the way the Chinese called the Portuguese " Hui , " , i.e .
Muslims , when they first arrived in China .
The following period , then , is the calm before the full force of Islâm burst on the country with the invasions of Maḥmûd of Ghazna , from 1001 to 1024 .
While Shankara 's views were later criticized as too influenced by Buddhism , they are more faithful to the Upanishads than the theism of the critics , who themselves seem increasingly influenced by the monotheism of Islâm .
The period of the Arab invasions of India ( 644-737 ) corresponded to the residence of an important Chinese pilgrim in India , I -ching ( 635-713 ) , from 673 to 687 .
While previously pilgrims , and Indian missionaries , had traversed Central Asia for at least one leg of their journey , I - ching went entirely by sea .
We also might notice that his travels in India did not extend to the Western part of the country , as had those of previous pilgrims .
We therefore might harbor the suspicion that he avoided an area where warfare that attended the invasions was raging .
This is at least a portent of the later Islamic Conquest , which will help eliminate Buddhism from India .
Also , I - ching spends several years at a Buddhist center in Indonesia , whose Buddhism , still flourishing , will also be eliminated by the advent of Islâm there .
Later there appears to be a decisive influence from Islâm on Indian dress .
While in Classical India women are typically shown bare breasted , as at left , the rigors of the Middle Eastern nudity taboo came into full force in modern India , at least for women .
I am not aware just when this transition occurs .
John Keay cites several references from the 13th to the 15th century on the nudity of the Indians , including a Russian traveler , Athanasius Nikitin , who around 1470 described Indians going about all but naked , with " their breasts bare " [ op.cit. p.277 ] .
By the 19th century Krishna 's lover Radha is shown in a full shoulder to floor woven dress or sari .
Someone could easily chronicle the transition by cataloguing such sculpture and portraiture .
While it is not difficult to find bare breasts in Classical Indian art , after a while one begins to notice something rather more shocking .
Female figures appear wearing little more than a belt around their hips , with the labia majora and pudendal cleft ( rima pudendi ) plainly visible .
While this is now mainly preserved in the figures of goddesses and spirits , such as the yakshini spirit at right , who may represent hightened sexuality , it also appears among the women of the Court of Ashoka , and so for a while seems to have been acceptable in ordinary costume .
The name of the semi-divine Sîtâ , the wife of the Avatar Râma , of the epic Râmayâna , , actually has the basic meaning " furrow . "
This is explained by the story of her miraculous birth from the furrow of a plowed field , but it is not hard to see it as a reference to the actual rima pudendi .
Metaphors of sexual intercourse as plowing , and of female genitals as furrows , are common in all agricultural societies .
This minimal dress varies with other representations where the narrow band of a loincloth ( a dhoti ) may extend down to the feet , front and back , both on goddesses and others , without our having any clue on the reason for this variation .
When the vulva is shown , there does not seem to be any effort to portray pubic hair , which actually would be comparable to the Egyptian practice , which survives even in the modern Middle East , of shaving pubic hair .
This exposure of female genitals seems to me very unusual in world history .
Even in cultures that today tolerate little or no dress , the female genitals usually seem to be the first thing covered , or the last thing uncovered , sometimes with folk beliefs that unwary males looking directly at the vulva might be blinded .
Egyptian hieroglyphics , which when dealing with sexual organs at first seem quite explicit , nevertheless appear to shy away from representing the structures of the vulva .
In Western art , female nudes became common from the Mediaeval period on , and Modern art contains female nudes in abundance , often as Neo-Classical references to Greek and Roman nudes .
Nowever , the rima pudendi is all but never visible in the whole expanse of this art .
Nor is there ever the sort of " thigh gap " at the top of the legs that would render the labia and rima more conspicuous .
There is something about all these structures that has made Western artists , from the Greeks on , very nervous .
We know that the Romans , at least , were aware of the explicitness of Indian art because a statue of the goddess Lakshmi was found at Pompeii , in what is actually called " the House of the Indian Statuette , " between 1930 and 1935 , and held at the Museo Archeologico Nazionale de Napoli .
The description of the statue is that it is " naked , " but we know from our other examples that it is not , as this was reckoned in India .
This Lakshmi is wearing as much as the women of Ashoka 's Court , even if that mostly consists of jewelry .
As far as I know , this is a unique object .
Portraying the rima pudendi obviously did not catch on in Greek or Roman art , and if there were other such imports from India around , they must have been destroyed in the Christian moralization of artworks .
But we also might note in this example of sculpture that the placing of the vulva is more exaggerated and unnatural than in the other examples here : the rima pudendi is really not going to be evident , from the front , in natural anatomy ; and all Indian art , but especially this statue , takes increasing liberties to make it explicit .
Japanese manga figures , amid their various bodily exaggerations , do not misplace the vulva like this , even as it is generally present .
Equally curious is the treatment of Indian dress in history and scholarship on India .
For instance , the Indian Art volume of the " Oxford History of Art " [ Partha Mitter , 2001 ] has only a single large image of a Classical figure with both breasts and vulva bare [ p.18 ] , but the breasts are actually broken off and the genital area is photographed in shadow , with the pudendal cleft invisible .
Since the caption speaks of the " ' full - moon ' face " of the figure , where the head is simply missing from the sculpture shown , I am left with the impression that the example was not chosen with particular care that it illustrate the attributes , like " rounded breasts , " that are described .
And it is as close as we get in the whole book to the level of exposure that is evident in so much of the early art .
Otherwise , although we do see occasional comment about the bare torsos of Classical Indian dress , I have never seen actual discussion of the bare female pudenda .
This all would seem to make people uneasy .
A clue about an intermediate stage in the evolution of female dress in India may be in the Mahâbhârata .
When Duḥshâsana tries to humiliate Draupadî by pulling off her clothes , we might wonder exactly what is going to be exposed .
In terms of the modern sârî , it will not be her breasts ; for these are covered by a separate garment , the bodice or choli , which may not antedate the 10th century AD .
Duḥshâsana is clearly pulling off a long piece of cloth , the sârî proper , which is miraculously extended to protect Draupadî 's modesty .
This is what would cover her genitals and buttocks , which in modern India , or even China and Europe , would be considered something to be concealed .
If the Mahâbhârata was completed by about 300 AD , then we might imagine that the custom of female genital exposure must have largely disappeared by the time of the Guptas .
However , we get perhaps a contrary , but ambiguous , indication from the sculpture at left , from the Rani ki Vav step well at Patan in Gujarat .
This dates from the 11th century .
The goddesses in the well wear the ancient belt , and all that seems to cover the pudenda is a long tassle , one of several around the belt .
In the figure shown , although not on the others , the belt seems merely rope - like , and it has come down , perhaps pulled by the monkey .
We get the faintest hint of the rima pudendi here ; and one wonders , at this late date , if there is a sense of naughty humor in this , like the dog pulling down the girl 's bathing suit in the old Coppertone tanning lotion ads .
If so , it may mean that the old level of exposure is no longer quite acceptable -- but still not positively banned .
This is the era , indeed , when Islâm is beginning to make its inroads .
The monkey still represents a bit more erotic fun than Islâm will tolerate .
My source for the list of the rulers from the fall of the Guptas ( 551 ) to the dominance of the Sulṭanate of Delhi ( 1211 ) , beginning with the line of the Châlukyas , was originally from Bruce R. Gordon 's Regnal Chronologies .
I took details of the period from Stanley Wolpert 's A New History of India [ Oxford , 2000 , pp.95-103 ] .
There was clearly uncertainty about the dates , since Wolpert has Krishna I Râṣṭrakûṭa , patron of the remarkable Kailasanatha temple to Shiva , reigning 756-775 , while Gordon has 768-783 .
This is , of course , not too surprising , given the problems with Indian historiography .
Later , however , I found a much more thorough treatment of the period in Ronald M. Davidson 's Indian Esoteric Buddhism , A Social History of the Tantric Movement [ Columbia University Press , 2002 ] , which has an extensive summary of the whole period [ pp.25 - 62 ] , with maps and lists of many of the rulers .
Here we find Krishna I with the dates c.755-772 , in much closer agreement with Wolpert , but still , of course , residual uncertainties .
John Keay 's A History of India [ Harper Perennial , 2000 , 2004 ] covers the period with similar thoroughness .
Kârkoṭas
of Kashmir Candrâpîḍa c.711-720 asks for alliance
with China , 713 Târâpîḍa c.720-725 Lalitâditya
Muktâpîḍa c.725-756 overthrows Yashovarman of Kanauj , 733 ; secures Ganges Valley , 747 ; dies in Tarim Basin Kuvalayâpîḍa ?
Vajrâditya ?
Prthivyâpîḍa ?
Samgrâmâpîḍa ?
Jayâpîḍa
Vinayâdirya c.779-810
The Gurjara - Pratîhâras
of Ujjain & Dantidurga Nâgabhaṭa I c.725-760 helps defeat Arabs , 725 Devarâja c.750 -?
Vatsarâja ?-c.790 Nâgabhaṭa II c.790-833 occupies Kanauj and middle Ganges , 815 Râmabhadra c.833-836 Mihira Bhoja c.836-885 Mahendrapâla I c.890-910 Mahîpâla c.910-?
Bhoja II ?-914 Vinâyakapâla I c.930-945 Mahendrapâla II c.945-950 Vinâyakapâla II c.950-959 Vijayapâla c.960-1018 invasions of Mahmud of Ghaza , 1001 - 1024 Râjyapâla c.1018-1019 Trilocanapâla c.1019-1017 Mahendrapâla III ?
More importantly , the history of India in this period is not the national history of linguistic communities .
It is dynastic history , and dynasties like the Châlukya were much more interested in territory , anywhere , than in national origins , homelands , or languages .
Thus , Châlukyas ruled elsewhere , without much regard for the local language , with branches of the dynasty in what is now Andhra Pradesh ( Telugu speakers ) and Gujarat ( Gujarati ) .
When the Vâtâpi Châlukyas were overthrown by their vassals , the Râṣṭrakûṭas of Ellora , this was a dynasty definitely seated in a Marathi speaking area of Maharashtra , though they subsequently moved their capital to Malkhed , virtually at the border between Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh .
The Râṣṭrak ûṭas were in time displaced by a branch of the Châlukyas again , who in turn fell to the Kâlachuris , a dynasty from a region in modern Madhya Pradesh that now speaks Hindi .
Thus , the language of their domain was not nearly as important to all these rulers as the possession of dominion .
As the Châlukyas moved , they could also take a geographical name with them .
The British rendering of " Karnataka " was as the " Carnatic " ( much like the word in Hindi , where a short final " a " would not be pronounced ) .
The name " Carnatic " migrated south and south - east , with the movements of the Châlukya dynasts .
On the Bay of Bengal , the Eastern Châlukyas became established , and we also find the name " Carnatic " applied there .
That eastern " Carnatic " then also came to be associated with the large Vijayanagara realm , which straddled the modern states of Karnataka , Tamil Nâdu ( the language is Tamil ) , and Andhra Pradesh .
Thus , on old maps of India , the name " Carnatic " can sometimes be found adjacent to the west coast , and on others along the south - eastern coast .
The name disappeared altogether for a while between Maharashtra to the north and the later state of Mysore to the south .
The modern Indian state of Karantaka was originally itself called " Mysore , " but this was changed in 1973 to " Karnâtaka " to reflect its linguistic character .
Pulakeshin II declared himself " Lord of the Eastern and Western Waters . "
Although the Châlukyas never united the north or dominated the country like the Guptas or Harsha , they would appear there , and I have focused on them and their successors as the best sequence to span the period down to the Sulṭâns of Delhi .
There were many other states of similar size and power during this era , several often called " Empires . "
Now I include lists for Kashmir and for the Gurjara - Pratîhâras , whose realm centered on Ujjain in the western part of the modern Madhya Pradesh .
All of these states contended at one time or another for the Ganges Valley and thus were candidates for achieving a North Indian hegemony .
Their successes proved only temporary , often because of rebellions in their rear .
The Châlukya dynasty suffered a severe reverse when Pulakeshin II was killed in battle by Narasimha Varman I of Pallava , and Vâtâpi occupied .
After reestablishing themselves , they most importantly planted cadet lines in the East and in Gujarat , which would eventually provide for the restoration of the dynasty .
Chola Kingdom Vijayalaya c. 846 - c. 871 Asitya I c. 871-907 Parantaka 907-947 Rajaditya I 947-949 Gandaraditya 949-956 Arinjaya 956 Parantaka II 956 Aditya II 956-969 Madhurantaka Uttama 969-985 Rajaraja I Deva the Great 985-1012 Conquest of Ceylon , 993 Rajendra I Choladeva 1012 - 1044 Rajadhiraja I 1044-1052 Rajendra II Deva 1052 - 1060 Ramamahendra 1060 - 1063 Virarajendra 1063-1067 Adhirajendra 1067-1070 Rajendra III 1070 - 1122 Diplomatic mission to China , 1077 Vikrama Chola 1122-1135 Kulottunga II Chola 1135 - 1150 Rajraja II 1150 - 1173 Rajadhiraja II 1173 -1179 Kulottunga III 1179 - 1218 Rajaraja III 1218 -1246 Rajendra IV 1246-1279 Overthrown by Delhi , 1279
One of the " Empires " of the period was the Kingdom of Chola .
As it happens , this is a realm in origin and history with a decidedly linguistic basis , in the Tamil language of modern Tamil Nâdu .
The Chola Kings cultivated Tamil literature and are remembered as heroic patrons of Tamil power , learning , and religion .
Chola is in the competition as an " Empire " because of it spread north , briefly all the way to the mouths of the Ganges , and , most strikingly , by its projection beyond the sea , initiated by King Rajaraja I Deva , whose name has the decidedly Imperial ring of " King of Kings , god . "
With grave portent for future history , the first such projection of Chola power was into Ceylon .
Tamils had settled in Ceylon and briefly ruled there already , and even the Chola occupation was relatively short lived , but it all contributed to a durable Tamil ethnic presence that , in the modern day , exploded into a vicious and protracted civil war , whose appalling course and sobering lessons are examined elsewhere .
Of dramatic course and great portent in its own way is the other projection of Chola power , which was across the sea of the Bay of Bengal , through isolated land such as the Andaman Islands , all the way to Sumatra , Malaya , and the trade route of the Straits between those Indonesian islands .
It is hard to know how much of the area was actually occupied and ruled .
Some maps ( optimisticly or nationalisticly ) show a Chola domain over entire islands like Sumatra and over the entire peninsula of Malaya .
Other maps ( more realistically ) show a Chola presence along the coastlines .
In whichever form , this is the first example we know of an incursion that will be significantly mirrored in later history .
Four hundred years after the Chola presence , the Chinese would arrive in the Straits from the opposite direction and initiate what was probably much the same kind of process , finally arriving themselves at Ceylon and the coast of Tamil Nâdu .
As we will see below , this did not last long .
Not long after the Chinese left , however , the Portuguese arrived from across the Indian Ocean , themselves occupied Ceylon and areas on the mainland of India , and then followed in the wake of the Chola voyagers into Indonesia .
This produces occupations of considerable extent and duration , though mostly consumated by the Dutch and the British who replaced the Portuguese .
The Chola " Empire " thus pioneers the colonial history of Indonesia -- though the hiatus between the Chola presence and the arrival of the Chinese will see a heavy Islamicization , by influence of trade alone , of the area .
Chola was finally broken up by the Sulṭanate of Delhi , which , however , was unable to retain a dominant position in the south .
Thus , the small kingdom of Madura became the successor state at the southern tip of India , while the larger kingdom of Vijayanagar came to dominate much of the South , including the old metropolis Chola , Gangaikondacolapuram .
The map shows the aggressive powers of the 11th century in India .
In the South , Chola looks on its way to making the Bay of Bengal into a Cholan lake , but apparently it never does have much success on the coast of Burma , where Pagan has grown into a powerful kingdom with its own brilliant civilization .
The darker green in the image shows the conquests of Rajendra I , the son of Rajaraja I .
Otherwise , what we see is the domain of the conqueror Maḥmûd of Ghazna .
He began raiding into India in the year 1001 ( enough to warm the heart of any ordinalist ) .
Eventually he established a presence in the Punjab , but he also continued raiding deeper into India , usually with the aim of plunder , to be sure , but practiced with particular relish in the sacking of Hindu and Jain temples .
This allowed for the particuarly Islamic diversion of smashing idols -- where in most Islamic conquests , in Christian and Persian lands , there had actually been few to smash .
This set a poor precedent in the area , since in recent years the savage vandals of the Tâlibân regime in Afghanistan determined to smash all the Buddhist art in the Kabul Museum and that present around the country on cliff - face sculpture , including two great cliff carved Buddhas in Bamian province , 175 and 120 feet tall .
Subsequently , Jihadist forces have destroyed monuments in Palmyra , in Syria , and even Muslim tombs and libraries in Mali .
These atrocities , along with human carnage , certainly represent the worst of Islamic Fascism .
Given the fury of his own attacks , Maḥmud 's treatment of the Hindu population was actually more conciliatory than one might expect , and it laid the groundwork , once the smashing was finished , for durable Islamic regimes in India .
A curious linguistic issue arises when we deal with Maḥmud .
The name of the city of Ghazna , , is written in the Arabic alphabet with the letter " y " at the end .
Ordinarily , this would indicate the long vowel " î " ; but sometimes in Arabic , and originally in this case , the " y " is pronounced as the vowel " a . "
This is called alif maqṣura and occurs in some very common words in Arabic .
Thus , sources that one might expect to be intimate with Arabic , like The New Islamic Dynasties ,
Râjâs of Mysore Ballala I 1100 - 1110 Vishnuvardhana 1110 - 1152 Narasimha I 1152 -1173 Ballala II 1173 - 1220 Narasimha II 1220 - 1238 Somesvara 1233-1267 Narasimha III 1254-1292 Ballala III 1291 -1342 Vijayanagara rule after 1336 Virupaksha Ballala IV 1342-1346 Vacant , 1346-1399 Wadiyar , Wodeyar Dynasty Yadu Raya 1399 - 1423 Hiriya Bettada Chamaraja I 1423-1459 Timmaraja I 1459 - 1478 Hiriya Chamaraja II 1478 - 1513 Hiriya Bettada Chamaraja III 1513 - 1553 Timmaraja II 1553 - 1572 Vijayanagara broken up by Moghuls , 1565 Bola Chamaraja IV 1572 -1576 Bettada Devaraja 1576 -1578 Raja Wadiyar 1578 -1617 Chamaraja V 1617 -1637 Immadi Raja 1637 - 1638 effective independence , 1637 Kanthirava Narasaraja I 1638 - 1659 Kempa Devaraja 1659 - 1673 Chikkadevaraja 1673-1704 Kanthirava Narasaraja II 1704 - 1714 Krishnaraja I 1714 -1732 Chamaraja VI 1732-1734 Krishnaraja II 1734 -1766 Muslim Ḥaydarids Ḥaydar ' Alî Khân Bahâdur 1762 - 1782 First Anglo - Mysore War , 1766 - 1769 ; Second Anglo - Mysore War , 1780 - 1784 Wodeyar figureheads for Ḥaydarids Nanjaraja 1766 -1770 Bettada Chamaraja VII 1770 - 1776 Khasa Chamaraja VIII 1776 -1796 Tîpû Sulṭân 1782 -1799 Third Anglo - Mysore War , 1789 - 1792 ; Fourth Anglo - Mysore War , 1798 - 1799 restoration of the Wodeyars Krishnaraja III 1799 - 1831 ,
d.1868 British rule , 1831 - 1881 Chamaraja
IX regency ,
1868-1881 1881-1894 Krishnaraja IV 1894-1940 Jayachama - rajendra Bahadur 1940 - 1949 Annexation to India , 1947
SULṬÂNS OF DELHI ( DILHÎ ) Muʿizzî or Shamsî Slave Kings ʾ Aybak Quṭb ad - Dîn Commander in India for the Ghûrids , 1192 - 1206 Malik in Lahore ,
1206 -1210 destroys Buddhist library and monastery at Nalanda , 1193 / 4 ʾ Ârâm Shâh 1210 - 1211 ʾ Iltutmish Shams ad - Dîn Sulṭân in Delhi ,
1211 -1236 Fîrûz Shâh I 1236 Raḍiyya Begum Sulṭâna ,
1236 -1240 Bahrâm Shâh 1240 - 1242 Mas'ûd Shâh 1242 - 1246 Maḥmud Shâh I 1246 - 1266 Balban ʾ Ulugh Khân viceroy
since 1246 1266-1287 Kay Qubâdh 1287 - 1290 Kayûmarth 1290 Khaljîs Fîrûz Shâh ʾ II Khaljî 1290 - 1296 ʾ Ibrâhîm
Shâh I
Qadır Khân 1296 Muḥammad Shâh I
ʿ Alî Garshâsp 1296 - 1316 ʿ Umar Shâh 1316 Mubârak Shâh 1316 - 1320 Khusraw Khân Barwârî 1320 Tughluqids Tughluq Shâh I 1320 - 1325 Muḥammad Shâh II 1325 - 1351 Fîrûz Shâh III 1351 - 1388 Tughluq Shâh II 1388 - 1389 ʾ Abû Bakr Shâh 1389 - 1391 Muḥammad Shâh III 1389 - 1394 Sikandar Shâh I 1394 Maḥmûd Shâh II 1394 - 1395 ,
1401 - 1412 Nuṣrat Shâh 1395 - 1399 Tamerlane sacks Delhi , 1398 Dawlat Khân Lôdî 1412 -1414 Sayyids Khiḍr Khân 1414 -1421 Mubârak Shâh II 1421 - 1434 Muḥammad Shâh IV 1434 - 1443 ʿ Âlam Shâh 1443 - 1451 Lôdîs Bahlûl 1451 -1489 Sikandar II
Niẓâm Khân 1489 - 1517 ʾ Ibrâhîm II 1517 - 1526 Moghul Rule , 1526 - 1540 Sûrîs Shîr Shâh Sûr 1540 - 1545 ʾ Islâm Shâh Sûr 1545 - 1554 Muḥammad V Mubâriz Khân 1554 ʾ Ibrâhîm III Khân 1554 - 1555 ʾ Aḥmad Khân
Sikandar Shâh III 1555
While , Islâm came to India in great measure in the person of Maḥmûd of Ghazna , this progressed to permanent occupation under his successors , the Ghûrids .
Their viceroys in India , originally from slave troops like the Mamlûks in Egypt , drifted into independence at the beginning of the 13th century .
These " Slave Kings " thus founded the Sulṭânate of Delhi .
This began an Islâmic domination of India , especially the North of India and the Ganges Valley , that lasted until the advent of the British .
The consequences of the Islâmic conquest of India can hardly be underestimated .
Up to a quarter of all Indians ended up converting to Islâm .
Buddhism disappeared .
Some of the greatest monuments of Indian architecture , like the Taj Mahal , really reflect Persian and Central Asian civilization rather than Indian .
Indian Moslems became accustomed , as was their right under Islâmic Law , to be ruled by a Moslem power .
In practical terms , that meant that they did not want to be ruled by Hindus , when and if India should become independent .
Today , the separation of Pakistan and Bangladesh from the Republic of India , with ongoing strife between them , and the occasional riot between Hindus and Moslems in India itself , are all the result of this .
Mysore ( Mahisur , Maysûr , Mahishûru , Mysuru ) began as a dependancy of the rulers of the Deccan to the North .
In 1100 , in the days of the Châlukyas of Kalyâṇî , Mysore became independent under the dynasty that had been in place since the 6th or 7th century .
However , after the passage of the Sulṭâns of Delhi , Mysore then became a dependency of the Vijayanagara kingdom that was established in 1336 .
The Wodeyar Dynasty was a cadet line of Vijayanagara .
The subordination of Mysore was broken up after Vijayanagara was defeated by the Moghuls in 1565 .
Moghul rule , such as it was , seems to have ebbed and flowed in presence and affectiveness .
The domination by Aurangzeb was certainly a brief one , after which Mysore was independent .
Mysore lost its traditional Hindu rule and became a center of conflict when its own general , Ḥaydar Alî , who had defeated the Marathans , seized power in his own right .
The Râjâs were retained as figureheads until deposed in 1796 by Ḥaydar 's son , the celebrated Tîpû .
The rule of these Muslim warriors quickly led to repeated conflict with the British .
Ḥaydar
Alî became an active ally of the French in the War of American Independence , 1778 - 1783 ( the Second Anglo - Mysore War , 1780 - 1784 ) , but his invasion of Madras , with some French troops , was defeated .
However , after his death ( 1782 ) , Tîpû crushed a British force of 2000 , killing 500 and taking the rest prisoner .
This made him the " Tiger of Mysore . "
Tîpû amused himself with a six - foot long mechanical figure of a tiger gnawing at the throat of an Englishman and snarling at the turn of a crank .
Continuing with the enemies of his enemy , Tîpû entered into relations with Revolutionary France , whose rationalists , deists , and atheists curiously found a kindred spirit in a fanatical and tyrannical Muslim -- a dynamic we may see today in the affinity of the Left for Islamic Fascism .
When Napoleon landed in Egypt in 1798 , it looked like help might be on the way ; but there really was n't much that the French Republic could do for " Citizen Tipu . "
The British whittled away at Tîpû 's realm until he was killed in 1799 .
The Wodeyar Râjâs were restored , doubtless with some relief to Hindus who had undergone forced conversion and circumcision by Tîpû .
The first map below is based on Stanley Wolpert [ op.cit . ] ; but the following map , and those of Harsha and of Chola above , are based on maps in The Harper Atlas of World History [ Pierre Vidal - Naquet , Editor , Jacques Bertin , Cartographer , Harper & Row , New York , 1986 , p.117 ] .
In assembly information for the maps on this page , this is the only source I have that shows Chola or the Sulṭânate at its high water mark .
On the map of India in 1236 , the Sulṭânate of Delhi has completed its conquest of the North of India , all the way down the Ganges to the Bay of Bengal .
Although the fortunes of the state will vary , this area will generally be preserved until the coming of the Moghuls .
On the map for 1335 , we see the Sulṭânate of Delhi astride the whole Sub -Continent .
This is the largest Indian state in a long time , if not the largest ever .
But it will not last long .
The following map below , for 1350 , indicates the kingdoms in the South that are the result of the earlier states ( like Maharashtra and Chola ) being broken up by Delhi , which , then unable to remain dominant in the area , was driven out .
We also see the routes travelled by Zheng He , the Chinese admiral who led seven great voyages of exploration , trade , and military intervention during the early days of the Ming Dynasty , from 1405 to 1433 .
The military intervention became less a factor the further West we get .
It was intense in Indonesia , where considerable battles were fought and kings were made -- or sent back to China for execution .
A Chinese base was established and fortified at Malacca .
In Ceylon , we still get some intervention , with King Vira Alakeshvara of Raigama ( 1397 -1411 ) captured and sent back to China .
But the Emperor apologized for this , and returned the King to Ceylon ( though not , apparently , to his throne ) .
Further West , trade and embassies seem to have been the rule .
All this stopped abruptly in 1433 , as China withdrew from foreign contact .
When the Portuguese arrived in 1498 , the Chinese were long gone .
Vijayanagar SANGAMA Harihara I 1336 - 1356 Bukka I 1356 -1377 Harihara II 1377 - 1404 Virupaksha I 1404 -1405 Bukka II 1405 - 1406 Devaraya I 1406 - 1422 Rama-
chandra 1422 -1430 Vira Vijaya I
Bukka Raya 1422-1424 Devaraya II 1424-1446 Vijaya II 1446 -1447 Mallikarjuna 1446-1465 Virupaksha II 1465 - 1485 Praudha Raya 1485 SALUVA Narasimha-
devaraya 1485 - 1490 Thimma Bhupala 1490 - 1491 Immadi Narasimha 1491 -1505 TULUVA Vira Narasimha 1505 - 1509 Krishna-
devaraya 1509 - 1529/30 Achyota-
devaraya 1529/30-1542 Venkata 1542 Sadashi-
varaya 1542 -1565 disrupted by Moghuls , 1565 ARAVIDU Tirumala Devaraya 1565 - 1572 Sriranga I Devaraya 1572-1586 Venkatapati I Devaraya 1586 - 1614 Sriranga II Raya 1614 vacant Rama-
devaraya 1617 - 1632 Venkatapati Raya 1632-1642 Sriranga III Raya 1642-1646 Venkatapati II Raya 1646-c.1660
The kingdom of Vijayanagar , based in the area of Kannada speakers again ( stretching East in Telugu speaking country ) , originates in revolt against the Sulṭânate of Delhi , which only briefly dominated the South , but nevertheless broke up the older powers in the area .
Vijayanagar reestablishes local independence .
It will continue dominant until the arrival of the Moghuls .
We do not , however , see a simple conquest any cleaner than what Delhi had managed to accomplish in the same area .
In 1565 , Akbar defeated and disrupted the power of the state , but the result was not Moghul occupation .
Instead , a cadet line of Vijayanagar at Mysore begins to overshadow its parent state , as recounted above and shown on the maps below .
By the time Aurangzeb returned to briefly conquer the area , Vijayanagar had faded away .
In 1646 the capital itself was seized by the Sulṭâns of Bijapur and Golkonda .
The last king , Venkatapati II , was thus himself an exile in some small fragment of the former kingdom .
Sikhism , from Pâli sikkha ( Sanskrit ) , " follower , pupil , disciple , " was a new religion , founded in the days of the Sulṭânate of Delhi , that attempted to reconcile and replace Hinduism and ʾ Islâm .
Although there are some 18 million
Sikhs today , this never made much of a dent in the numbers of Hindus or Moslems , and long earned the Sikhs little but hostility from both .
Sikh Gurûs 1 Nânak 1469 - 1539 2 Aṅgad 1539 - 1552 3 Amar Dâs 1552 - 1574 4 Râm Dâs Soḍhi 1574 - 1581 5 Arjun Mal 1581 - 1606 6 Hargobind 1606 - 1644 7 Har Râi 1644 -1661 8 Hari Krishen 1661 - 1664 9 Tegh Bahâdur 1664-1675 10 Gobind Râi Singh 1675 - 1708 Khâlsâ , 1699 Bandâ Singh Bahâdur 1708 - 1716
Moghul campaign of extermination , 1716 - 1733 Nawab Kapur Singh Nawwâb , 1733 - 1753 recognized by Moghuls , 1733 ; attack on Nâdir Shâh , 1739 ; Sikh Confederacy , 1745 ; 11 Misls , 1748 ; Khâlsâ Râj , Punjab , 1761 Ranjît Singh Mahârâja , 1801 - 1839
Sikh column attacked by Wahhâbîs , " Hindustani fanatics , " who are massacred , 1827 ; Sikhs defeated by Wahhâbîs , 1828 ; Peshawar occupied by Wahhâbîs , Pathans massacre Wahhâbîs , 1830 ; Sikhs annhilhate Wahhâbîs , Battle of Balakot , 1831 Kharak Singh 1839 - 1840 Nao Nehal Singh 1840 Chand Kaur 1840 - 1841 Sher Singh 1841 - 1843 Duleep Singh 1843 -1849 ,
d. 1893 First Sikh War , 1845 - 1846 ;
Second Sikh War , 1848 - 1849 ;
annexed by British , 1849
Actually , I am curious about , which is said to mean " princess " in both Punjabi and Hindi .
But the word of that spelling in the Oxford Hindi-English Dictionary [ edited by R.S. McGregor , Oxford , 1993 ] only has the meaning " a mouthful ( of food ) " [ p.219 ] .
This is glossed as possibly being a Dravidian word , and indeed it does not occur in my Sanskrit lexicon [ Practical Sanskrit Dictionary , by Arthur Anthony MacDonnell , Oxford , 1929 , 1971 , p.75 ] .
I am surprised that there is this obscurity about it .
At first this transformation did not seem to improve things much .
Gobind Singh and his temporal successor , Bandâ Singh Bahâdur , both died violent deaths , and the community fragmented .
But with the decline of Moghul power , opportunity knocked .
The Khâlsâ was soon again unified and installed in Lahore , under Ranjît Singh , who became Mahârâja of the Punjab .
Henceforth the Sikhs , although never more than a minority , were the greatest military power in northern India .
The death of Ranjît , however , led to a chaotic succession and conflict among his heirs .
Two sharp wars with the British led to the annexation of the Punjab , after which Sikh warlike ambitions could be directed through membership in the British Indian Army , where the Sikhs stood out with their characteristic turbans and beards .
In the Punjab , we have a major crossroads of history .
The name , " Five Rivers , " we find in Persian , ( i.e. " five , " and , " water , river " ) .
The " u " in the English name probably is the result of the " a " being a reduced vowel , as " schwa " [ ] , in Hindi - Urdu , .
Just what rivers these are is a matter of some small uncertainty .
In Sanskrit , the area was the " Seven Rivers , " ; and there are enough rivers , indeed , that these could be multiplied .
However , the general idea is that the Indus , Ἰνδός , , and its five major tributaries constitute the Punjab .
The tributaries considered for this are ( 1 ) the Jhelum , ( 2 ) the Chenab , ( 3 ) the Ravi , ( 4 ) the Beas , and ( 5 ) the Sutlej .
If the Indus itself is counted as one of the " Five , " then the Sutlej might be dropped .
This seems a little odd , since the Beas is a tributary of the Sutlej , which is a lot longer , flowing into the Indus .
The answer may be that the road to the Ganges , such as followed by Alexander the Great , reaches the Beas before the Sutlej .
All of these rivers have different names in multiple languages .
What are shown on the map are the names , of course , in English , in Greek , and in both Hindi and Urdu ( in the Arabic alphabet ) .
A curious case is the Beas ( or Bëas , or Bias ) River , whose name in Hindu or Urdu I had some difficulty finding .
Wikipedia did n't have either on its " Beas " page .
What is shown on the map is Sanskrit , , and Arabic , .
The Arabic I only had a clue from " Hobson - Jobson , " A Glossary of Colloquial Anglo - Indian Words and Phrases , by Henry Yule & A.C. Burnell [ 1886 , 1985 , Curzon Press , 1995 , p.742 ] .
Yule & Burnell quote al - Birûnî using " Biah " [ c.1020 ] and , apparently , Tamerlane using " Biyâh " [ c.1400 ] , which I have used to produce the likely rendering , albeit speculative , in Arabic .
An actual Hindi name I could only find on pages in Hindi about the Beas , fortunately with the name in the title and first line , which did not prevent my ignorance of Hindi from interfering with the identification .
Thus , the basic Hindi name seems to be .
A variant of this is , where we have a " v " instead of a " b. "
As it happens , this is often what we see in Sanksrit for a " b " in Hindi , and with a " v " this word looks like the name of the author of the Mahâbhârata .
Thus , we seem to find a tradition that the river was actually named after him .
The Greek names of the rivers are discussed in the relation to the campaign here of Alexander the Great , with relevant sites in purple .
The cities in red are either ancient ( Harappa ) or modern ( Delhi , Lahore , and Amritsar ) .
In modern India a movement began for Sikh independence from India , with the Indian Punjab becoming Khâlistân .
Led by Sant Jarnail Singh Bhindrânwale , this led to a catastrophic showdown in 1984 when the Golden Temple in Armitsar , the fortified center of the Sikh Faith , was stormed by the Indian Army , and Bhindrânwale killed .
When Prime Minister Indria Gandhi was assassinated later the same year by Sikh bodyguards , few doubted that this was an act of revenge .
Sikh nationalism continues to trouble India , although the historic Sikh kingdom lies equally in Pakistan .
MOGHUL EMPERORS Great Moghuls Bâbur , 1498 - 1500 ,
1500 - 1501
in Transoxania 1526 - 1530 Humâyûn , 1530 - 1540 ,
1555 - 1556 ʾ Akbar I , 1556 - 1605 Jahângîr , 1605 - 1627 Dâwar Bakhsh 1627 - 1628 Shâh Jahân I ,
,
Khusraw , 1628 - 1657 ,
d. 1666 ʾ Aurangzeb / ʾAwrangzîb ,
,
ʿ Âlamgîr I , 1658 - 1707 Shâh ʿ Âlam I , ,
Bahâdur , 1707 - 1712 Jahândâr Muʿizz ad - Dîn 1712 - 1713 Farrukh - siyar 1713 - 1719
Shams ad - Dîn
Râfiʿ ad - Darajât 1719 Shâh Jahân II
Râfiʿ ad - Dawla 1719 Nîkû - siyar Muḥammad 1719 Muḥammad
Shâh ,
, Nâṣir ad - Dîn ,
1719 - 1748 Looting of Delhi by Nâdir Shâh , 1739 Aḥmad Bahâdur Shâh I 1748 - 1754 ʿ Azîz ad - Dîn ʿ Âlamgîr II 1754 - 1759 Shâh Jahân III 1759 Shâh ʿ Âlam II 1759 - 1788 ,
1788 -1806 Diwani of Bengal granted to East India Company , 1765 ; Marathans eject Afghans from Delhi , 1770 Bîdâr - bakht 1788 Muʿîn ad - Dîn ʾ Akbar II 1806 - 1837 Moghul authority replaced by Britain , 1827 ; English replaces Persian , 1828 ; Suttee illegal , 1829 ; suppression of Thugee launched , 1836 Sirâj ad - Dîn
Bahâdur Shâh II ,
1837 -1858 ,
d.1862 Great Sepoy Mutiny , 1857 - 1858 ;
British Rule , 1858 - 1947
γ
Many names were used for the Mongols , long before the advent of the Moghuls in India .
In Marco Polo we see Mungul .
In the 14th century there is Moccol in Portuguese and even Μουγουλίος , Mougoulíos , in Greek .
Portuguese is still using Mogor in the 18th century .
Persian was the Court language of the Moghuls themselves .
" Mughal " might have been strange to them .
Although Arabic and Persian have variant writings that seem to have have included this , the " u " would have been pronounced " o " in proper Persian .
The dominant language today , Hindi - Urdu or Hindustani , was simply the language that ended up adopted as the language of the Moghul army -- as it remained the language of command in the British Indian Army , which meant British officers had to learn to speak it , as did Indian recruits , like Punjabis , whose first language was something else .
Thus , when William Slim , later the victorious commander in Burma , found himself about to be discharged from the British Army after World War I , he continued his career by moving to the Indian Army and , of course , learning Hindi .
Hindi has gone on , in turn , to be the principal language of India , although it is used as a first language mainly in the North .
Hindi is also the national language of India , along with English .
The original idea to replace English with Hindi has been stopped by States where Hindi is not an official language .
The defining text of Indian law is still the one in English , and deliberations of the Indian Supreme Court are in English .
Some States , like Maharashtra , have neither Hindi nor English as official languages , which has resulted in phenomena such as official replacement of English " Bombay " with Marathi " Mumbai " as the name of that city .
This reflects Indian politics , not anti-colonialism .
Marathi is the only official language of Maharashtra , despite a reported 38 other languages spoken there .
The replacement of " Bombay " with " Mumbai " even in English is the result of politically correct confusion , i.e. asinine " virtue signaling , " about place names .
As a center of the Indian movie industry , Bombay continues to be called " Bollywood , " and its movies are mostly filmed in Hindi .
A South Indian movie industry , with movies shot in Tamil or Telugu , has come to be called " Tollywood . "
One of its movies , the marvelous two part Bâhubali [ 2017 ] , became an international sensation , in Tamil , Telugu , and Hindi versions ; but the internationally available DVD is only the film dubbed in Hindi .
The name , , " Strong Arm , " is , of course , Sanskrit -- the equivalent name in European history , used for Baldwin I of Flanders and William de Hauteville , would be Bras de Fer , " Iron Arm . "
We should reflect that the current preference among academics for Mughal is in part the result of a modern ideological preference for a " national " language , along with the political principle that we should use the name for a people that they use for themselves in their own language .
This is something that the Moghuls would have found alien and perplexing .
They certainly were n't speaking Hindi - Urdu .
It thus verges on the anachronistic and may seem biased in a distractive , deceptive , and politically correct way .
It is not a practice and does not reflect an attitude that is proper to a historian .
And , ironically , this means that calling a Hollywood studio executive a " Mogul " may reflect a pronunciation that is more faithful to the Moghuls than the current " best practice " of historians -- the expression " Bollywood Mogul " might be the nicest taunt to the language police .
We find similar political quibbles over the transcription of Greek [ note ] .
Pretensions to universal rule , which figure in Indian mythology , in Persian imperial tradition , and in the titles of earlier Indian rulers ,
Almost from the first , Moghul policy was to tolerate and win the cooperation of Hindus , especially the warriors of Rajasthan .
With ʾ Akbar , this approached a policy of positive toleration and religious syncretism , which earned Akbar the disfavor of Moslem clerics but , like Ashoka , the esteem of modern liberal opinion .
Akbar even toyed with the idea of a universal syncretistic religion , to be called the Din-e Allâh , the " Religion of God . "
This was rather like what the Sikhs originally tried to do .
But while Hinduism was open , more or less , to various kinds of syncretism ( like adopting the Buddha as an Avatar of Vishnu ) , Islâm certainly was not .
The maps of Moghul India begin to feature European colonial possessions .
Portugal is first , and for a good while they have the scene to themselves .
Goa is the center of the operation , which then would extend all the way to China and Japan .
St. Francis Xavier ( d.1552 ) entered Japan and learned Japanese , and his reportedly incorrupt body is now still enshrined at Goa .
Although nearly lost among the billion people of India , a fair number of Catholics survive from Portuguese missionary activity , often with Portuguese names , like D'Souza .
Famous Portuguese missionaries in China , like Matteo Ricci ( d.1610 ) , also passed through Goa .
The Kingdom of Kandy in Ceylon came to be in a rebellion against the Portuguese ( 1590 ) and then would survive in the mountains all through the Dutch tenure on the island , until the British took over ( 1815 ) .
Until this point the maps of Imperial domains in India are based on Stanley Wolpert 's A New History of India [ Oxford University Press , 1989 ] .
Now , however , they are largely based on the The Anchor Atlas of World History , Volume I [ 1974 , Hermann Kinder , Werner Hilgemann , Ernest A. Menze , and Harald and Ruth Bukor ] and Volume II [ 1978 ] , and the Historical Atlas of the World [ Barnes & Noble , 1972 ] .
Even the most basic elements of Moghul policy were reversed by the fanatical ʾ Awrangzîb ( or ʾ Aurangzeb ) , who briefly brought the Empire to its greatest extent but whose measures against Hindus and Sikhs ( the execution of the ninth Sikh Gurû ) fatally weakened the state .
Non-Moslems no longer had any reason to support the Moghuls , and in short order the Empire was only a shell of its former strength and vigor , with the Persians sacking Delhi itself ( 1739 ) , under the Emperor , Muḥammad Shâh , who had otherwise done somewhat well at maintaining things .
A century after ʾ Akbar , with the death of ʾ Aurangzeb , as the Moghul Empire totters at maximum extent a moment before fatally shrinking , things are getting a bit crowded , with Britain , the Dutch , the French , and even the Danes piling on .
One of the earliest British toeholds was Bombay , which was actually a gift from Portugal in the dowry of Catherine of Braganza when she married Charles II of England in 1664 .
In 1701 , it looks like the Dutch have the strongest hold , but as the 18th century progressed , and the Moghul domain crumbled , France and Britain would become the principal rivals for hegemony .
Henceforth , the shell of Moghul authority would stand just until a new conquering power would appear .
After a surge of French influence under their brilliant governor Joseph Dupleix ( d.1763 ) , that turned out to be the British , who , however , only gradually conceived the notion of actually replacing nominal Moghul authority with an explicit British Dominion in India .
Although the last Moghul was deposed in 1858 , after the Great Mutiny , the full process was not complete until Queen Victoria was proclaimed Empress of Indian in 1876 .
The British Râj would then last exactly 71 more years -- testimony to the rapidity of modern events after the 332 years of the Moghuls .
How durable the British heritage will be is a good question .
The form of government in India , which has in general remained democratic , is far more British than that of other former British possessions .
And English , with its own distinctive Indian accent and vocabulary , remains the only official language of the country that does not provoke communal conflict .
To many , the experience of British rule is a bitter memory , but it is only Hindus who may maintain the same kind of animus against the Moghuls .
The removal of British monuments -- I 've notice a statue of Edward VII transported to Toronto -- then dangerously suggests the removal of Moghul or Muslim monuments , which is now not unheard of .
The genealogy of the Moghuls is entirely from The New Islamic Dynasties , by Clifford Edmund Bosworth [ Edinburgh University Press , 1996 ] .
Some brief reigns given by Bosworth , which are so ephemeral as not to figure in most lists of the Moghuls , including the table above , are marked as " disputed . "
Otherwise , the title , Pâdishâh , , " Emperor , " and an imperial crown are given .
The most memorable monument of the Moghuls is the Tâj Mahal , , , " Crown Palace . "
Shâh Jahân built this mausoleum in tribute to his favorite wife , Mumtâz - i- Mahal , , " Select of the Palace " ( in Persian , this would be pronounced Momtâz - e - Mahal -- mumtâz is Arabic [ root myz ] and can mean " distinguished , " " exquisite , " " select , " " excellent , " etc. ) , the mother of Aurangzeb .
Shâh Jahân lies there now with her , but his reign did not end well .
He became ill and his sons then fell out among themselves , until Aurangzeb , the last of the Great Moghuls , gained control -- and imprisoned Shâh Jahân for the rest of his life .
One might say that Aurangzeb ruled with such force that the Empire shattered in his hands .
For a good while , as the realm broke up , the Throne was passed between brothers and cousins .
Some stability was achieved when it no longer made much difference .
The last , aging Moghul , Bahâdur Shâh II , threw his lot with the Mutineers and was deposed by the British .
He was then exiled in Rangoon for the rest of his life .
The image is of his arrest -- the old man with the white beard -- after he fled Delhi ahead of the British .
Three sons are with him , Moghul , Khizr Sulṭan , and Abu Bakr .
A British officer , Captain William Hodson , summarily executed -- i.e. murdered -- all or two of these -- some accounts place the execution of Abu Bakr a month later .
This may have been to prevent their ever becoming a focus of resistance ; but in the long run , of course , it made them martyrs , not to mention being a despicable way to treat defeated royalty .
Bahâdur Shâh was still the nominal sovereign of India , and none of his family owed the British any loyalty ; and other sons nevertheless survived .
But it is clear from world history , the victors only tend to be magnaminous when they do n't still feel treatened by those they defeat .
Thus , the Romans spitefully pursued Hannibal , but the British public celebrated the defeated Cetshwayo , King of the Zulus .
The murdered and then surviving Moghul sons may represent the intensity , and then fading , of British fears , respectively .
Maratha ( Mahratta ) Confederacy / Empire Chattrapatis , Kings Sivaji I the Great 1674 - 1680 Shambhuji I 1680 - 1689 Rajaram I 1689 - 1700 defeat and occupation by the Moghuls , 1700 Tara Bai regent ,
1700 - 1708 Chattrapatis , Kings Peshwas , Ministers Shahu I 1708 - 1749 Balaji Vishvanath 1713 - 1720 Baji Rao I 1720 - 1740 Balaji Baji Rao 1740 - 1761 Ramaraja II 1749 - 1777 Madhava Rao Ballal 1761 -1772 defeated by Afghans ,
battle of Panipat , 1761 ,
occupation of Delhi , 1770 Narayan Rao 1772 - 1773 Raghunath Rao 1773 - 1774 Madhava Rao Narayan 1774-1796 Shahu II 1777 - 1808 Chimnaji Appa 1796 Baji Rao II 1796 - 1818 Pratap Singh 1808 - 1839 Shahji Raja 1839 - 1848
Nawwâbs of the
Carnatic , at Arcot Zû-l - Fiqâr ʿ Ali Khan c.1690 -1703 Dâʾûd Khân 1703 - 1710 Muhammad Saʿâdat - Allah Khan I 1710 - 1732 Dost ʿ Ali Khan 1732 - 1740 Safdar ʿ Ali Khan 1740 - 1742 Saʿâdat - Allah Khan II 1742 - 1744 ʾ Anwar ud - Din Muhammad 1744-1749 defeated by the French , 1744 ; defeated by the French & killed , 1749 Chanda Sahib 1749 - 1752 installed by the French under Dupleix , 1749 ; defeated by the British , surrendered , executed , 1752 Wala Jah Muhammad ' Ali 1749 - 1795 installed & supported by the British ʿ Umdut ul - Umara 1795 - 1801 ʿ Azim ud - Dawlah 1801 - 1819 ʿ Azim Jah 1819 - 1825 Annexed to British India , 1825
Both the Nawwâb Anwar ud - Din of the Carnatic and the Ṣûbadâr Nâṣir Jang of Hyderabad were killed in battle with the French allied to pretenders to their positions .
French forces were sent with Muẓaffar Jang to support his government in Hyderabad .
However , in 1752 their candidate for the Carnatic , Chanda Sahib , was defeated in battle , surrendered , and then was executed by the British candidate , Muhammad ' Ali , who would then rule under British protection for many years .
By 1756 , Dupleix had been recalled ( in 1754 ) , and his policies repudiated .
His job , after all , was to make money , not to make war on the English or take over Indian states .
He had done this with some justification during the War of the Austrian Succession ( 1740 - 1748 ) but his aggressive actions had continued after the Peace .
This was a problem , and , indeed , the adventure in Hyderabad never did make any money for the French .
In retrospect , Dupleix 's recall looks ill considered , as the Seven Years War ( 1756 - 1763 ) was about to begin ; the local French forces would need to make war on the English ; and France would need as strong a position as possible to do that .
She was n't going to have it , and the British would be just as victorious in the war in India as in the Americas .
But that is in hindsight .
Back in France in 1754 , it would not have been appreciated that Dupleix had created a whole new dynamic in Indian history .
Formerly , Moghul authority continued to external appearances and Europeans approached local officials deferentially with nothing but trade privileges in mind .
Now , with some exceptions and setbacks , the European traders could make and unmake local authorities at will .
This was at first discovered and exploited by the French , but the British would prove far better and more successful at the game .
Nawwâbs of Bengal , 1704 - 1765 Murshid Qulî Khân ʿ Alâʾ ad - Dawla 1704 - 1725 Shujâʿ Khân Shujâʾ ad - Dawla 1725 - 1739 Sarfarâz Khân ʿ Alâʾ ad - Dawla 1739 - 1740 ʿ Alîwirdî Khân Hâshim ad - Dawla 1740 - 1756 Mîrzâ Maḥmûd Sirâj ad - Dawla 1756 - 1757
Defeated & dethroned by Robert Clive ,
Battle of Plassey , 1757 Mîr Jaʿfar Muḥammad Khân
Hâshim ad - Dawla 1757 - 1760
1763 -1765 Mîr Qâsim ʿ Alî 1760 - 1763 Najm ud - Dawlah 1765 - 1766 Saif ud - Dawlah 1766 - 1770 British East India Company Rule ,
1765 -1858 , Presidency of Calcutta ;
Nawwâbs continue as pensioners Robert Clive Governor ,
1755 - 1760 ,
1764-1767 Henry Vansittart 1760 - 1764 First Anglo - Mysore War , 1766 - 1769 Henry Verelst 1767 -1769 John Cartier 1769 - 1772
In 1765 , Clive obtained from the Moghul Emperor Shâh ' Âlam II , who was a fugitive in British care , a grant of the Diwani , or revenue responsiblity for the province of Bengal .
This made the British East India Company , as the Diwan of Bengal , part of the consitutional order of the Moghul Empire , and it is often considered the beginning of British Rule , the " Râj , " , in India .
However , Clive had no intention of replacing the Nawwâbs , and the Company intended to leave local officials in place to collect the actual revenues of Bengal .
This was consistent with Clive 's previous policy of supporting local rule , when he installed Mîr Qâsim as Nawwâb in 1760 .
Mîr Qâsim was a competent ruler , but , after Clive left , he was essentially doubled - crossed by the enemies of both himself and Clive , manueuvered into a war , and then driven from Bengal .
The incompetent Mîr Ja'far was restored , evidently with the intention of employing him only as a puppet .
Clive , on his return , could not undo this coup , but he did try to retain the Nawwâb as a real factor in the governance of Bengal , with the East India Company as Dîwân .
The Nawwâb at least remained so in name until 1880 , when Mansur Ali Khan , the last Nawwâb of Bengal , was deposed .
His son , however , Hassan Ali Mirza Khan Bahadur , succeeded with the title Nawwâb of Murshidabad .
The titular line of Nawwâbs actually continued until 1969 , when the main line died out and the succession was left in dispute .
Bengal became one of the three " Presidencies " through which direct British rule in India was effected ( with different arrangements for the Princely States , which remained nominally under local rule ) .
The others were Bombay and Madras .
However , Bengal was also the seat of general British authority ; and when the Governor of Bengal became the actual Governor - General of India , his seat continued to be in Calcutta .
The capital of India was not moved to Delhi until rather late in British rule , in 1912 .
New Delhi became the capital in 1931 .
The British conquest of India was the first that progressed up rather than down the Ganges .
Previous invasions had all come from Central Asia over the Hindu Kush and the Khyber Pass .
This had happened so often , beginning with the Arya in the 2nd millennium BC , that is rather difficult to say just how many such invasions were there .
The British , however , like all the European powers , had come by sea .
Where the Persians or the Afghans , most recently , would head straight for Delhi , the British were coming up all the way from Calcutta .
They would n't get to Delhi until 1803 .
The situation in India in 1780 was with the British poised for conquest .
At that point , wars had already been fought with Mysore and with the Marathans .
More would come .
The Punjab , in the distance , would be a project for some years later .
Meanwhile , The French would shortly be down to four cities , which they would surrender to the newly independent India in 1947 .
The Portuguese , from their former hegemony , were reduced to three possessions , which they would retain until forcibly taken by India in 1961 .
The two Danish cities were sold to Britain in 1845 .
The British were unwilling to pay for the Danish Nicobar Islands , but then , after the Danes had left in 1837 , they complained about piracy there .
The Danes returned 1845 - 1848 .
After Denmark renounced sovereignty in 1868 , the British occupied the islands .
British Governors -
General of India Warren Hastings Governor - General
1772-1785 First Anglo - Maratha War , 1776 - 1782 ; Second Anglo - Mysore War , 1780 - 1784 John MacPherson 1785 - 1786 Lord Cornwallis 1786-1793
& 1805 Third Anglo - Mysore War , 1789 - 1792 Sir John Shore 1793 - 1798 Lord Mornington 1798 - 1805 Fourth Anglo - Mysore War , 1798 – 1799 ; Second Anglo - Maratha War , 1803 - 1805 Sir G. Barlow 1805 - 1807 Lord Minto 1807 - 1813 Lord Moira
( Lord Hastings ) 1813 -1823 Gurkha War , 1814 - 1816 ; Third Anglo - Maratha War , 1817 - 1818 Lord Amherst 1823-1828 First Burmese War , 1824 - 1826 ; Moghul authority replaced by Britain , 1827 Lord Bentinick 1828 - 1835 English replaces Persian , 1828 ; Suttee illegal , 1829 ; name of Moghul Emperor removed from coinage , 1835 Lord Metcalfe 1835 - 1836 Lord Auckland 1836 - 1842 suppression of Thugee launched , 1836 ; famine , 1837 ; First Afghan War , 1839 - 1842 Earl of Ellenborough 1842 - 1844 Lord Hardinge 1844-1848 First Sikh War , 1845 - 1846 Earl of Dalhousie 1848-1856 Second Sikh War , 1848 - 1849 ; Punjab annexed , 1849 ; Second Burmese War , 1852 ; Oudh annexed , 1856 Lord Canning 1856 - 1858 Viceroy ,
1858 -1862 Great Sepoy Mutiny , 1857 - 1858 ;
Crown Rule , 1858 - 1947 ; General Cotton 's campaign against Wahhâbîs , " Hindustani fanatics , " 1858
Hastings thus inaugurates de facto direct Birtish rule over India , even if it is still really only the East India Company , and even if the fiction of Moghul sovereignty is retained for a while .
British rule is often called " the Raj , " from the Sanskrit and Hindi - Urdu word for " King . "
This is written in Urdu and in Hindi .
There is no reason not to call the regime of the Moghuls or Guptas " the Raj " also , but the term seems to be restricted to the British dominion .
The very odd thing about this period is the ambiguity about just who owned British possessions in India and who the real sovereign authority was .
The British constitutional authority in Bengal under Hastings was still based on authorizations from the Moghul Emperors .
Some fiction of Moghul sovereignty was maintained at least until 1827 -- although the Moghul Emperor himself had been living under British rule since 1803 .
In 1813 , when the charter of the East India Company was renewed , the British Parliament did formally assert the sovereignty of the British Crown over the Company 's territories in India .
This unilateral declaration , although recognized after 1815 by other European powers , was less obviously asserted in India itself .
Lord Hastings did not meet with the Emperor Akbar II in 1814 because the Emperor expected to receive the Governor - General as a vassal rather than an equal .
It woul
Paradise LOSt ( Part I ) : How Long Will the City Keep Us Stuck in Our Cars ?
Editor ’s note : Today we begin Part I of our occasional series on LOS reform .
Traffic engineers are reluctant to give exclusive lanes to buses ( or bikes ) for fear of the impact on cars
The Pseudo - Science of LOS
There ’s a dirty little secret you should know about San Francisco :
It ’s engineered first and foremost for automobility and will never be able to shed this bias if the traffic engineers are in the driver ’s seat wielding their traffic analysis tools like bibles .
As long as the city continues prioritizing the use of transportation analysis known as Level of Service ( LOS ) , you might as well burn our Transit First policy for warmth .
On the one hand , LOS is a very simple and blunt metric for understanding the speed that vehicles can move about the city .
LOS measures the amount of vehicular delay at an intersection , with A through F grades assigned to increased delay .
This measurement is taken during the peak 15 minutes of evening rush hour and if an intersection slips from LOS D to LOS E , traffic managers will try to mitigate the impact , which usually means widening the road , shrinking the sidewalks , removing crosswalks , softening turning angles , and adjusting signal timing to speed the movement of vehicles .
LOS delay from Highway Capacity Manual
LOS analysis seems like science , free from political or ideological considerations , the perfect traffic - engineering tool to rationalize our cities , but the methodology behind it is far from precise .
As Jason Henderson , professor of geography at San Francisco State University , said at a recent presentation , LOS is a very poor tool methodologically .
In the early years of its development , the " science " was merely traffic engineers assuming what made motorists uncomfortable .
He cited the fact that LOS F used to represent a delay of more than 60 seconds , but that in the 2000 Highway Capacity Manual it was revised to 80 seconds .
And motorist behavior studies since have shown that inconvenience with delay can depend on numerous factors and differ dramatically between drivers .
Yet the result of relying on this poor methodology to shape the growth of cities has a profound affect on the politics of human mobility , privileging the movement of vehicles before the movement of anything else .
Quite simply , LOS analysis has given us Phoenix and Atlanta , congestion and ever - longer commutes , and a whole host of ills that accompany reliance on the inefficient use of street space for our cars .
" I ’ve been doing transit analyses in California for 20 years , " said Jeffrey Tumlin , principal of Nelson Nygaard , a transportation and land use consulting firm .
" In my practice the single greatest promoter of sprawl and the single greatest obstacle to transit oriented development ( TOD ) and infill development is the transportation analysis conventions under CEQA , the California Environmental Quality Act , LOS . "
LOS has been used since the middle of the 20th century and has the weight of convention so thoroughly backing it up that it is one of the Traffic Ten Commandments , somewhere near the top .
When the U.S. prioritized the expansion of roads everywhere and cities were seen merely as job centers to be driven to and from , LOS was the lubricant to facilitate the growth of suburban and exurban rings .
As San Franciscans began to see their city as a collection of neighborhoods , where livability and public space were more important that vehicle speeds on the streets , the political support for unfettered automobility declined and LOS became a target for reform .
" How can LOS have such a tremendous impact or power over shaping San Francisco and shaping cities when so much of LOS is anathema to cities ? " asked Henderson .
The Clamor For Change
In the early 1990s , San Francisco bicycle advocates found out the hard way that any attempt to take space away from cars to give back to bikes ( or transit and pedestrians ) would be shut down by the engineers who asserted that such constriction of vehicular access violated the sacrosanct LOS rules , which , they were informed , were required under CEQA .
The advocates soon discovered that while CEQA requires that a project be analyzed for its significant environmental impacts the LOS " rule " was written after the fact by the state Office of Planning and Research ( OPR ) .
It was an administrative guideline and did n’t carry the force of CEQA law .
" The words ‘ traffic ’ or ‘ congestion ’ or ‘ parking ’ appear nowhere in the CEQA legislation of the 1970s , " said Tumlin .
" The
problem lies in the CEQA guidelines , issued administratively by the state OPR .
There are three lines in Appendix G , the environmental
checklist …[ that ] were later adopted administratively by the executive branch of government . "
Further , CEQA specifically delegates planning decisions to the local level .
The adherence to LOS was a convention adopted by San Francisco and most other municipalities around the state to evaluate transportation impacts under CEQA , and over the course of nearly three decades its use had been upheld numerous times in court , but just as it had been adopted as a convention , advocates believed , so could it be overturned .
Subsequently , advocates spent years lobbying the Board of Supervisors to make changes to the rule , though with mixed results .
After the board finally called for a study of the impacts of LOS analysis , the San Francisco County Transportation Authority ( TA ) issued a significant report ( PDF ) at the end of 2003 , which asserted that " existing LOS measures and standards ostensibly favor preserving auto level of service at the expense of improving transit , bicycle , and pedestrian conditions " and argued that new measures of analysis besides LOS should be developed .
Within a couple years the Board of Supervisors was convinced that LOS analysis contravened San Francisco ’s Transit First policy and issued a resolution ( PDF ) stating that " automobile analysis alone is not an appropriate metric for assessing environmental impacts and for analyzing projects that may improve overall environmental quality in conformance with [ the Transit First policy ] . "
Not long after the resolution was adopted in early 2006 , advocates saw firsthand how low the interpretation of LOS could stoop , when Rob Anderson and his Coalition for Adequate Review ( CAR , a suitable acronym ) sued the city to prevent the Bicycle Plan from being implemented without the full environmental review process , banking his argument on the possible negative LOS implications of removing vehicle lanes to add bicycle lanes .
Though it might have seemed ludicrous to the lay observer that adding bike lanes would have a negative environmental impact , the rules of LOS dictated that it was so and the onus was on the city and the bicycle community to show in excruciating –and expensive–detail that promoting non-polluting transportation might significantly effect the environment .
But that ’s exactly what the injunction mandated and why San Francisco has n’t added even a brush stroke of paint to its roads to build out its bicycle plan for nearly three years .
Paradise LOSt ( Part II ) : Turning Automobility on Its Head
Paradise LOSt ( Part III ) : California ’s Revolutionary Plan to Overhaul Transportation Analysis
Flickr photo : cbcastro
In 1996 , as a freshman member of the House of Representatives , I wrote the Defense of Marriage Act , better known by its shorthand acronym , DOMA , than its legal title .
The law has been a flash - point for those arguing for or against same - sex marriage ever since President Clinton signed it into law .
Even President - elect Barack Obama has grappled with its language , meaning and impact .
I can sympathize with the incoming commander in chief .
And , after long and careful consideration , I have come to agree with him that the law should be repealed .
The left now decries DOMA as the barrier to federal recognition and benefits for married gay couples .
At the other end of the political spectrum , however , DOMA has been lambasted for subverting the political momentum for a U.S. constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage .
In truth , the language of the legislation -- like that of most federal laws -- was a compromise .
DOMA was indeed designed to thwart the then - nascent move in a few state courts and legislatures to afford partial or full recognition to same - sex couples .
The Hawaii court case Baehr vs. Lewin , still active while DOMA was being considered by Congress in mid-1996 , provided the immediate impetus .
The Hawaii court was clearly leaning toward legalizing same - sex marriages .
So the first part of DOMA was crafted to prevent the U.S. Constitution ’s “ full faith and credit ” clause -- which normally would require State B to recognize any lawful marriage performed in State A -- from being used to extend one state ’s recognition of same - sex marriage to other states whose citizens chose not to recognize such a union .
Contrary to the wishes of a number of my Republican colleagues , I crafted the legislation so it was n’t a hammer the federal government could use to force states to recognize only unions between a man and a woman .
Congress deliberately chose not to establish a single , nationwide definition of marriage .
However , we did incorporate into DOMA ’s second part a definition of marriage that comported with the historic -- and , at the time , widely accepted -- view of the institution as being between a man and a woman only .
But this definition was to be used solely to interpret provisions of federal law related to spouses .
The first part of DOMA , then , is a partial bow to principles of federalism , protecting the power of each state to determine its definition of marriage .
The second part sets a legal definition of marriage only for purposes of federal law , but not for the states .
That was the theory .
I ’ve wrestled with this issue for the last several years and come to the conclusion that DOMA is not working out as planned .
In testifying before Congress against a federal marriage amendment , and more recently while making my case to skeptical Libertarians as to why I was worthy of their support as their party ’s presidential nominee , I have concluded that DOMA is neither meeting the principles of federalism it was supposed to , nor is its impact limited to federal law .
In effect , DOMA ’s language reflects one - way federalism :
It protects only those states that do n’t want to accept a same - sex marriage granted by another state .
Moreover , the heterosexual definition of marriage for purposes of federal laws -- including , immigration , Social Security survivor rights and veteran ’s benefits -- has become a de facto club used to limit , if not thwart , the ability of a state to choose to recognize same - sex unions .
Even more so now than in 1996 , I believe we need to reduce federal power over the lives of the citizenry and over the prerogatives of the states .
It truly is time to get the federal government out of the marriage business .
In law and policy , such decisions should be left to the people themselves .
In 2006 , when then - Sen . Obama voted against the Federal Marriage Amendment , he said , “ Decisions about marriage should be left to the states . ”
He was right then ; and as I have come to realize , he is right now in concluding that DOMA has to go .
If one truly believes in federalism and the primacy of state government over the federal , DOMA is simply incompatible with those notions .
Bob Barr represented the 7th District of Georgia in the House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003 and was the Libertarian Party ’s 2008 nominee for president .
The news that Dennis Ross will be appointed the special envoy to Iran  and , more , that he will function as a Middle East “ czar ”  is “ staggeringly bad news , ” as Philip Weiss so trenchantly put it .
The appointment , Weiss avers , is “ illustrative of the fact that neoconservatism by one of its more amenable names is still in our lives , and the Israel lobby is a big component of the Establishment .
Dennis Ross , who pushed the settlements in ’ 92 .
Dennis Ross , who moved from party to party with indifference , because he had a bigger power than party behind him .
… A friend says that Dennis Ross in Arabic means , Expletive you ! ”
The appointment , and it is a prominent one , is no surprise to my regular readers , who were warned last summer of what a Ross in this position would have to mean :
“ The appointment of Dennis Ross as [ Obama ’s pre-election ] principal Middle East adviser is good news for the War Party , specifically for that crucial branch of it that specializes in promoting Israel ’s ambitions over America ’s national interests .
“ No matter which president Ross worked for , Democrat or Republican  and he ’s worked for both  his interventionist agenda and his sympathy for the interests of a certain Middle Eastern nation were no secret .
His sympathy , too , for poor , persecuted Scooter Libby prompted him to endorse that convicted felon ’s defense fund .
And he was right in there with Bill Kristol and the Project for a New American Century in agitating for war with Iraq .
In a future Obama administration , the so - called liberal hawks will have their chief factotum in Ross . ”
In short , Ross represents what Leon Hadar described as “ neoconservatism with a smiling Democratic face . ”
He will serve under Hillary Clinton , at State , which is looking to be the locus of the Lobby ’s power base .
The question is : will a rival locus of power coalesce elsewhere , perhaps at the National Security Council , or within the military ?
The CIA under Leon Panetta looks like its going to be awfully partisan , whatever that may come to mean in foreign policy terms in the coming years .
We keep hearing Obama is making all these business - as - usual appointments in order to disarm his critics in advance when he starts taking those really bold initiatives , but does n’t there come a point when that somewhat dubious strategy becomes suspiciously repetitive ?
Is he really appointing Dennis Ross just so he can usher in a new era of equal justice and sustained peace in the region ?
Come off it , you Obama - ites  there wo n’t be any change in our foreign policy , except for the worse .
Just remember : you were warned .
This is not to say that progress is n’t being made in this field : it just is n’t at the policymaking level , as yet , unless , as I hope  but I ’m not counting on it  a locus of opposition develops elsewhere in the administration .
In any case , intellectually the Lobby is on the defensive .
A great awakening has taken place among foreign policy analysts , and concerned citizens .
What we ’re seeing is a rebellion against our Israel - centric foreign policy and public pronouncements , a stance that is more and more at odds with our authentic national interests .
In the vanguard of this intellectual glasnost are the two most prominent “ realists ” in foreign policy wonk - dom , John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt , authors of The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy .
The free flow of thought and discussion that has been engendered by this heartless military operation in Gaza has given rise to a number of thought experiments  analogies in which , for one example , the historic roles are reversed , and the Israelis become the Palestinians .
As Professor Walt writes in his new blog at Foreign Policy magazine :
“ Imagine that Egypt , Jordan , and Syria had won the Six Day War , leading to a massive exodus of Jews from the territory of Israel .
Imagine that the victorious Arab states had eventually decided to permit the Palestinians to establish a state of their own on the territory of the former Jewish state .
( That ’s unlikely , of course , but this is a thought experiment ) .
Imagine that a million or so Jews had ended up as stateless refugees confined to that narrow enclave known as the Gaza Strip .
Then imagine that a group of hardline Orthodox Jews took over control of that territory and organized a resistance movement .
They also steadfastly refused to recognize the new Palestinian state , arguing that its creation was illegal and that their expulsion from Israel was unjust .
Imagine that they obtained backing from sympathizers around the world and that they began to smuggle weapons into the territory .
Then imagine that they started firing at Palestinian towns and villages and refused to stop despite continued reprisals and civilian casualties .
“ Here ’s the question : would the United States be denouncing those Jews in Gaza as “ terrorists ” and encouraging the Palestinian state to use overwhelming force against them ?
“ Here ’s another : would the United States have even allowed such a situation to arise and persist in the first place ? ”
Yes , the dam is really breaking , intellectually .
More prominent voices are being raised , demanding a thoroughgoing re-examination of the basic assumptions of US policy in a very turbulent and politically significant region of the world .
One that has a direct impact on American politics in a way that , say , US actions in South Asia , Africa , or South and Central America normally would not .
The realists are n’t alone in their experimentalism .
Weiss reports on a conference call in which Daniel Levy , of the New America Foundation , said :
“ We all hear , oh , the U.S. would do the same thing if Canada or Mexico were firing rockets at us .
We would have a duty to respond .
And yes , I think , Israel has a duty to respond , Levy said .
“ But then he went on to explode that analogy , and get at the core issue : Lack of Political Sovereignty .
Canada and Mexico are states .
Palestinians have no state .
Remember , he said , that Gaza is just 4 percent of the Palestinian territories .
The other 96 percent are still occupied .
They have been for 40 years .
And imagine that the 4 percent had been under siege , since they were unoccupied 3 years ago .
And the occupied parts were crisscrossed with checkpoints and colonies .
“ Would it really be that surprising if in Canada or Mexico there was a hardline opposition that took over the government ?
And was deeply opposed to the occupier ?
‘ I ’ll leave that to your imagination . ' ”
This is responded to with the usual invective : I ’ll only note that David Rothkopf just ca n’t help himself from going all the way and dragging the specter of Iran into his argument  this being the Lobby ’s ultmate target .
They ’ll stay on message for as long as it takes the Obama administration to lay the groundwork for a conflict with Iran .
With Hillary and Ross at the helm of State , expect prolonged negotiations in the form of a series of ultimatums directed at Tehran , punctuated , perhaps , by a series of incidents , close calls that do n’t quite spark a war but keep the embers burning .
All this drama leading inexorably to a preordained denouement  the third gulf war .
No , it is n’t inevitable , but , given present trends , it ’s all too likely a scenario , one that wo n’t be stopped unless the revolution in foreign policy thinking reaches the halls of government .
I ’d be personally delighted to see such a development , and I empathize with those Obama voters and supporters who were hoping for change in this area , but I must confess I see no sign of it .
Indeed , the evidence points in the opposite direction .
Neoconservatism without Bush , without Cheney , and without the GOP  can a parasitic organism long exist without a host ?
It looks like the neocons have found a new home in the Obama administration , where they ’re settling in quite comfortably , and acting as if they owned the place .
And maybe they do .
This time around , however , they ’re going to have a much harder time of it .
The tragic history of the past eight years has given rise to a growing network of groups such as “ J Street , ” in addition to lots of dissent from the conventional pro-Israel wisdom in the liberal - left blogosphere  e.g. , Glenn Greenwald , who has a scintillating critique of the media bias that permeates the “ mainstream ” when it comes to Israel , and certainly Philip Weiss , who has done much to extend the boundaries of the permissible when it comes to Israel and the problem posed by the power of its American lobby .
Katrina vanden
Heuvel has been a rare voice of reason , and there ’s life over at The Nation yet .
Matt Yglesias is another principled voice , added to such old reliables as Alex Cockburn , and , of course , our very own columnists here at Antiwar.com .
Intellectual change precedes political change , and because of this progress often seems imperceptible  even when it ’s imminent , as such things go .
That ’s why we keep plugging away with our message and with the most honest coverage of the Gaza massacre and its consequences anywhere , constantly updated and comprehensive to a fault .
We could n’t do it without you , our readers , and we appreciate your ongoing financial and intellectual support  especially your letters , which are usually heartfelt , positive , and very often informative .
Keep those letters  and contributions  coming .
There is every indication that we ’re winning our fight  but remember , we ca n’t do it without you , our readers and supporters .
As the War Party takes us into a new year , rife with fresh opportunities for armed conflict , we know we can count on you to stand by our side and fight the good fight against the same old enemy  albeit one with a different party label , and under a new administration .
Change ?
In the foreign policy realm , and especially in the central arena of the Middle East , it ’s the same old “ change ” for sure .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Andrew Sullivan : still an a$$hole , after all these years
( CNN ) --
As the first president - elect with a Facebook page and a YouTube channel , Barack Obama is poised to use the Internet to communicate directly with Americans in a way unknown to previous presidents .
Since the election , President - elect Barack Obama has posted weekly video addresses on YouTube .
Judging by Obama 's savvy use of social - networking sites during his campaign and the interactive nature of his transition team 's Web site , Americans can expect a president who bypasses the traditional media 's filters while reaching out to citizens for input , observers say .
" The rebooting of our democracy has begun , " said Andrew Rasiej , founder of Personal Democracy Forum and the tech President blog .
" [ Obama ] has the potential to transform the relationship between the American public and their democracy . "
During the presidential race , Obama 's campaign won praise for its innovative use of social - networking sites , including Facebook , MySpace and MyBarackObama.com , to announce events , rally volunteers and raise money .
Facebook has more than 150 million active users , and the average user has 100 friends on the site , according to the company .
iReport.com : Your chance to ask President - elect Obama a question
Obama has more than 1 million MySpace " friends " and more than 3.7 million " supporters " on his official Facebook page -- some 700,000 more than when he was elected in November .
His campaign also has a database of almost 13 million supporters and their e-mail addresses .
Transition officials hope to transform Obama 's vast Web operation and electronic list of supporters into a 21st - century tool to help accomplish his goals as president .
They even have a name for this ambitious effort : Obama 2.0 .
" Obama has invented an alternative media model , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider .
" In the old model , the president talks to the people on television [ and ] the people talk back in polls .
In the new model , communication is online , and two - way . "
Facebook , MySpace , YouTube and Twitter did n't exist when George W. Bush took office eight years ago .
But since last November 's election , Obama has wasted no time embracing these online communication portals .
In recent weeks he has taped weekly video addresses and posted them to YouTube , where most have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times .
Obama 's staffers also have stopped posting information to social - networking sites since the election , preferring to reach out to constituents through YouTube and Change.gov , the official site of the president - elect 's transition team .
Visitors to Change.gov can read a frequently updated blog , post their ideas on issues facing the country , and rate others ' ideas .
Top -rated ideas will be gathered into a briefing book and given to Obama after he takes office .
" They want information going not just from them to the voters , but from the voters back to them , " Democratic strategist Steve McMahon said Wednesday on CNN's " The Situation Room . "
" Thirteen million people pushing a button , sending an e-mail to their elected representatives , making a phone call , taking action , is a powerful , powerful lobbying tool . "
" It 's a very smart use of the Internet , to get people to offer ideas , " said David All , a Republican Internet strategist .
All hopes that Obama and his staff take a similar approach to WhiteHouse.gov , the president 's official Web site .
The current WhiteHouse.gov site , operated by the Bush administration , contains few interactive features .
A statement on the president - elect 's transition site says that Obama hopes to " use cutting - edge technologies to create a new level of transparency , accountability , and participation for America 's citizens . "
It 's fitting , then , that Obama 's inauguration next week could be one of the most watched video events in Internet history .
Rasiej expects that hordes of users will be watching online when Obama takes the oath of office , visiting WhiteHouse.gov and refreshing their browsers to capture the moment the site switches to proclaim Obama , not George W. Bush , as president .
As president , Obama will likely not just rely on WhiteHouse.
gov but use multiple Internet sites and technological tools to build grass - roots support for his agenda , observers say .
" [ Obama ] is using the tools that are available to him today , " All told CNN .
" The next president will be using some of the same tools , and also some tools that have n't been invented yet . "
All About Facebook Inc. • U.S. Presidential Inauguration • Barack Obama
confirmation bias
" It is the peculiar and perpetual error of the human understanding to be more moved and excited by affirmatives than by negatives . "
-- Francis Bacon
( True , as long the affirmatives support your beliefs about anything but yourself or people you do n't like and the negatives oppose your beliefs about anything but yourself or people you do n't like .
When it comes to the self or people we do n't like , we seem to be much more affected by negative views than positive views .
See the entry on negativity bias . )
Confirmation bias refers to a type of selective thinking whereby one tends to notice and to look for what confirms one 's beliefs , and to ignore , not look for , or undervalue the relevance of what contradicts one 's beliefs .
For example , if you believe that during a full moon there is an increase in admissions to the emergency room where you work , you will take notice of admissions during a full moon , but be inattentive to the moon when admissions occur during other nights of the month .
A tendency to do this over time unjustifiably strengthens your belief in the relationship between the full moon and accidents and other lunar effects .
This tendency to give more attention and weight to data that support our beliefs than we do to contrary data is especially pernicious when our beliefs are little more than prejudices .
If our beliefs are firmly established on solid evidence and valid confirmatory experiments , the tendency to give more attention and weight to data that fit with our beliefs should not lead us astray as a rule .
Of course , if we become blinded to evidence truly refuting a favored hypothesis , we have crossed the line from reasonableness to closed - mindedness .
[ new ]
One need dig no deeper than confirmation bias when looking for an explanation as to why so many intelligent people believe that the positions of stars , planets , the sun , and the moon affect or determine such things as personality traits or personal fates .
Astrology is just one example of a belief system easy to confirm with data .
The problem is that this and similarly grounded belief systems are not tested by trying to falsify basic claims -- the way of science -- but rather by making extraordinary efforts to confirm such claims .
Confirmation bias becomes most obvious when one looks at how seemingly negative data is dealt with .
There is always an explanation given to justify rejecting the negative data ; often this takes the form of introducing some further astrological alignments that are said to nullify the apparent falsification .
Astrology is not the only field in which this happens .
Criminal profiling is another area where confirmation bias has led many intelligent law enforcement people to believe in the talents of profilers that are based on little more than retroactive validation of vague or ambiguous claims made by the profiler .
Profilers , in fact , resemble psychics who rely on the same sort of retroactive validation of vague , ambiguous , or obscure " predictions . "
Two other beliefs put forth as scientific based on large bodies of evidence characterized mainly by confirmation bias are phrenology and eugenics .
The main tenet of phrenology is that the structure of the skull reveals a person 's character and mental capacity .
Phrenology has been thoroughly discredited and has been recognized as having no scientific merit , yet it was advocated by many scientists and medical professionals in the 19th century in Europe and America .
The believers in phrenology had no trouble finding cases that fit their beliefs but nobody , it seems , attempted to test the belief by trying to falsify it , as good science requires .
Of course , using vague terms as keys to validating a theory makes child 's play of confirming one 's biases .
Phrenology used terms such as ' benevolence ' and ' self - esteem , ' whereas eugenics used terms such as ' feebleminded , ' ' idiot , ' ' moron , ' ' imbecile , ' ' inferior blood , ' ' defective strains , ' and ' unfit . '
Such terms gave defenders of eugenics -- the sterilization of those deemed ' unfit ' and the encouragement of breeding among those deemed ' fit ' or ' superior ' -- a blank check to designate whomever fit their idea of worthy or unworthy of breeding as evidence of the rightness of their beliefs .
For more on the popularity and application of eugenics in the United States before it became part of Hitler 's attempt to eliminate inferior people ( as defined by him ) and promote the absurd idea of the Aryan thoroughbred see the chapter on eugenics in Siddhartha Mukherjee 's The Gene : An Intimate History ( 2016 ) .
See also Yuval Noah Harari's Sapiens : A Brief History of Humankind , p. 231ff. ( 2016 ) .
Confirmation bias seems especially pernicious when it comes to causal studies .
Authors such as Malcolm Gladwell have turned confirmation bias into a successful formula for writing best sellers .
The trick is to make a claim that something is a necessary condition for something else ( A is necessary for B to occur ) and then back it up with dozens of entertaining and colorful anecdotes where A happened and then B happened .
The problem with this kind of thinking is that it makes no effort to discover cases where B happened but A did n't occur or where A happened and B did n't occur .
It may be true , as Gladwell has shown , that many times intuitive thinking is correct or that 10,000 hours of hard work were put in by successful people or that many successful people happened to be in the right place at the right time but that does n't mean that there is an essential connection between any of these things .
What about the many cases where intuition was wrong ?
What about the many cases where success came to people who put in hardly any work or where failure came to people who put in their 10,000 hours ?
What about the many people who were in the right place at the right time but still failed to achieve success ?
( Since ' being in the right place at the right time ' is so ambiguous I wo n't bother to ask about those who were in the right place at the right time but did n't recognized it and failed . )
There have been many studies claiming , or implying by their narrative , that a causal connection exists only because they found x followed y .
It may be true that one successful company ( Malcolm Gladwell in The Tipping Point ) or many successful companies ( Jim Collins in From Good to Great ) followed a similar pattern .
But without comparing other companies that either had x but did n't produce y , or produced y but did n't have x , we have no idea whether we 're dealing with a causal event or a coincidence .
Ignoring or not even trying to find cases that do n't fit the pattern makes one 's case look far stronger than it really is . [/ new ]
Numerous studies have demonstrated that people generally give an excessive amount of value to confirmatory information , that is , to positive or supportive data .
The " most likely reason for the excessive influence of confirmatory information is that it is easier to deal with cognitively " ( Gilovich 1993 ) .
It is much easier to see how a piece of data supports a position than it is to see how it might count against the position .
Consider a typical ESP experiment or a seemingly clairvoyant dream : Successes are often unambiguous or data are easily massaged to count as successes , while negative instances require intellectual effort to even see them as negative or to consider them as significant .
The tendency to give more attention and weight to the positive and the confirmatory has been shown to influence memory .
When digging into our memories for data relevant to a position , we are more likely to recall data that confirms the position ( ibid . ) .
Researchers are sometimes guilty of confirmation bias by setting up experiments or framing their data in ways that will tend to confirm their hypotheses .
They compound the problem by proceeding in ways that avoid dealing with data that would contradict their hypotheses .
For example , some parapsychologists used to engage in optional starting and stopping in their ESP research .
Experimenters might avoid or reduce confirmation bias by collaborating in experimental design with colleagues who hold contrary hypotheses , as Richard Wiseman ( skeptic ) and Marilyn Schlitz ( proponent ) have done . *
Individuals have to continually remind themselves of this tendency and actively seek out data contrary to their beliefs .
Since this is unnatural , it appears that the ordinary person is doomed to bias .
See also ad hoc hypothesis , backfire effect , cognitive dissonance , communal reinforcement , control study , motivated reasoning , selective thinking , and self - deception .
For examples of confirmation bias in action , see " alternative " health practice , curse , ESP , intuitive , lunar effect , personology , plant perception , the Sokal hoax , therapeutic touch , and thought field therapy .
To see confirmation bias at work , review the conspiracy theories offered for the JFK assassination or the 9/11 conspiracy theories .
It is a good lesson to observe how easily intelligent people can see intricate connections and patterns that support their viewpoint and how easily they can see the faults in viewpoints contrary to their own .
As long as one ignores certain facts and accepts speculation as fact , one can prove just about anything to one 's own satisfaction .
It is much harder cognitively , but a requirement of good science , to try to falsify a pet hypothesis .
reader comments
further reading
books and articles
Belsky , Gary and Thomas Gilovich .
Why Smart People Make Big Money Mistakes - And How to Correct Them : Lessons from the New Science of Behavioral Economics ( Fireside , 2000 ) .
Evans , B. Bias in Human Reasoning : Causes and Consequences ( Psychology Press , 1990 ) .
Gilovich , Thomas .
How We Know What Isn't '
So : The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life ( New York : The Free Press , 1993 ) .
Levine , Robert .
The Power of Persuasion - How We 're Bought and Sold by ( John Wiley & Sons 2003 )
Reason , James .
Human Error ( Cambridge University Press 1990 ) .
Shermer , Michael .
The Borderlands of Science : Where Sense Meets Nonsense ( Oxford University Press 2002 ) .
Shermer , Michael .
Why People Believe Weird Things : Pseudoscience , Superstition , and Other Confusions of Our Time 2nd ed. ( Owl Books 2002 ) .
websites
Coincidences : Remarkable or Random ? by Bruce Martin
Smart People Believe Weird
Things :
Rarely does anyone weigh facts before deciding what to believe by Michael Shermer
Schlitz , M. , Wiseman , R. , Radin , D. , & Watt , C. ( 2005 ) .
Of two minds : Skeptic - proponent collaboration within parapsychology .
Proceedings of the 48th Annual Convention of the Parapsychological Association .
USA .
171-177 .
RUSSIAN companies are seen as the most likely to pay bribes in foreign business dealings , according to Transparency International , an anti-corruption NGO .
In its “ Bribe Payers Index ” published on Tuesday December 9th , almost 3,000 senior business executives ranked firms from Russia as the worst among 22 countries for offering backhanders to everyone from politicians to low - level public officials .
Firms from other big emerging economies such as China , Mexico and India were next in the bribery stakes .
Companies from richer countries are less likely to grease palms ( with the exception of Italy ) , with Belgium and Canada seen as least likely to pay bribes .
Shutterstock
It is hard to believe that we have learned so little from previous asset bubbles .
Many of our policymakers have turned a blind eye to the Great Depression , euphorically thinking that somehow all variables of risk had been eliminated from the system .
It would be one thing to acknowledge our current predicament and at least try something different from the past to combat the current financial demons we are facing .
Instead , we are using policy moves from the past that had little impact in resolving financial problems .
This is primarily occurring with massive focus on lending institutions and banks .
The Federal Reserve with the leadership of Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke have focused tremendous energy on this sector while ignoring virtually all historical examples where this failed .
Primarily , with the asset bubble of Japan that occurred from 1987 to 1990 and created nearly two lost decades of economic productivity .
In today ’s article we are going to exam a research paper published by the Bank for International Settlements that was presented in October of 2003 at the International Monetary Fund .
It is important to first look at what stage we are in regarding our current asset bubble :
For over a decade not only did asset prices increase , they went into an unsupportable range .
The challenge now and the question most have on their mind is at what level will prices reach a supportable bottom ?
After all , year over declines for the Case - Shiller Index did n’t start until 2007 .
If we look at the Japanese asset bubble , prices went down for well over a decade .
Are we ready as a nation to see stagnant real estate prices until 2019 ?
It sure makes my prediction of a bottom in California of 2011 seem optimistic .
Let us first take a look at this current real estate bubble versus that of Japan :
* Source : Economist
This current real estate bubble is already larger in scope than that of Japan .
I ’ve seen a few people argue more narrowly that Tokyo prices went much higher than anything we have seen here in the United States :
* Source : Debt Deflation
That is true .
Yet if we look at individual markets like that of Los Angeles for the Case - Shiller Index we get an index number of 273 at the peak .
Keep in mind the Case - Shiller Index for L.A. looks at Los Angeles and Orange County .
If we would segment niche markets here , we will find areas that saw an index above 300 , that is certain .
Yet looking at the first Economist chart , we realize that nationwide we have a much bigger bubble here .
If that is the case , why should we expect a short recovery ?
Given that we are now in a zero interest rate policy universe , Japan is looking more and more like an apt comparison .
We have a country that had both a stock market and real estate bubble both bursting at the same time .
We had financial deregulation , low interest rates , and a tremendous amount of euphoria fueling an epic real estate bubble .
Sounds familiar ?
Well what about billions of capital injections into banks causing zombie institutions dragging growth down for almost 2 decades ?
Let us examine crucial parts of the paper :
“ What should be noted regarding Japan ’s experience is that the enthusiasm of market participants , together with the inconsistent projection of fundamentals , contributed to a large degree to maintaining temporarily high asset prices at that time .
Such enthusiasm is often called euphoria , excessively optimistic but unfounded expectations for the long - term economic performance , lasting for several years before dissipating . ”
“ It was thus excessive optimism rather than consistent projection of fundamentals that mainly supported temporarily high asset prices . ”
So on this point , we are similar .
That is , market fundamentals had nothing to do with price rises and the justification given for the boom was usually excessive optimism transmitted by “ real estate never goes down ” or some other form of delusional thinking .
This kind of thinking on a very short - term basis rarely is a threat to the economy as a whole but letting this kind of thinking continue for a decade is extremely problematic .
“ First , at the time of the Iwato boom , when Japan ’s economy entered the so - called “ high economic growth period ” , asset prices increased rapidly , reflecting an improvement in fundamentals due to technological innovations .
The real economic growth rate exceeded 10 % per annum , driven mainly by investment demand due to technological innovations that replaced the post World War II reconstruction demand .
On the price front , consumer prices rose while wholesale prices remained generally stable , thus leading to the so - called “ productivity difference inflation ” .
“ Kakuei Tanaka , who became Prime Minister in 1972 , effected extremely aggressive public investment based on his belief ( remodelling the Japanese archipelago ) that it was necessary to resolve overpopulation and depopulation problems by constructing a nationwide shinkansen railway network , which led to an overheated economy . ”
Interestingly enough , we also get an idea that two booms can happen relatively quickly .
The Iwato boom occurred first later paving the way for the Heisei boom or the boom that occurred from 1987 to 1990 .
The language from the Iwato boom is very much similar to our technology driven boom of the 1990s where much of the euphoria was driven by new technological innovations .
What this tells us is psychologically , Japan and the U.S. had similarities viewing these booms and also that consumer behavior is largely universal in many respects .
One fueled by technological prowess and the other based on excessive optimism .
“ Third , in the Heisei boom , asset prices increased dramatically under long - lasting economic growth and stable inflation .
Okina et al ( 2001 ) define the “ bubble period ” as the period from 1987 to 1990 , from the viewpoint of the coexistence of three factors indicative of a bubble economy , that is , a marked increase in asset prices , an expansion in monetary aggregates and credit , and an overheating economy .
The phenomena particular to this period were stable CPI inflation in parallel with the expansion of asset prices and a long adjustment period after the peaking of asset prices . ”
“ The decline in asset prices was initially regarded as the bursting of the asset price bubble , and an amplifying factor of the business cycle .
Although the importance of cyclical aspects cannot be denied , further declines in asset prices after the mid-1990s seem to reflect the downward shift in the trend growth rate beyond the boom - bust cycle of the asset price bubble . ”
This boom and bust is clearly depicted by the bursting of the Nikkei and Japanese land prices :
Here we have another similarity .
That of “ stable ” inflation paving the way for a continuation of relaxed monetary policy .
As I have highlighted before the CPI is a sham and does very little reflecting the actual reality during the boom .
Also , unemployment is poorly reflected .
Why is that ?
Unemployment numbers leave a large section of our employment base out , those not looking for work and those underemployed .
The CPI uses the OER measure or owner ’s equivalent of rent to measure housing .
This of course practically left out the entire real estate bubble from the CPI measures !
So housing was understated from the CPI for nearly a decade and being a large portion of the CPI , it skewed the measure lower .
Take a look at the CPI for this time period :
Well of course , inflation looks stable when you do n’t accurately measure the true growth in asset prices .
Just look at the Case - Shiller Index and you ’ll realize there is a major disconnect .
The government also for a long time was looking at the OFHEO housing numbers which of course , only looked at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or other conforming government loans which entirely misses the boom with toxic pay option arms , subprime mortgages , and other interest only products .
So what you are left with is poor measures of inflation and housing prices and government policy basing decisions on this terrible information .
Yet the reasons given in the paper presented at the IMF for the Japanese asset bubble seem very familiar :
“ The intensified bullish expectations were certainly grounded in several interconnected factors .
The factors below are often pointed out as being behind the emergence and expansion of the bubble : • aggressive behaviour of financial institutions
• progress of financial deregulation
• inadequate risk management on the part of financial institutions
• introduction of the Capital Accord
• protracted monetary easing
• taxation and regulations biased towards accelerating the rise in land prices
• overconfidence and euphoria
• overconcentration of economic functions in Tokyo , and Tokyo becoming an international financial centre
Focusing on monetary factors , it is important to note the widespread market expectations that the then low interest rates would continue for an extended period , in spite of clear signs of economic expansion .
The movement of implied forward rates from 1987 to 1989 ( Figure 5 ) shows that the yield curve flattened while the official discount rate was maintained at a low level . ”
Well look at that .
Aggressive behavior of financial institutions .
Check .
Progress of financial deregulation .
Check .
Inadequate risk management .
Check .
Protracted monetary easing .
Check .
Overconfidence and euphoria .
Big freaking check .
That is why Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke easing monetary purse strings during the euphoria stage was insanely irresponsible .
The signs were already there .
Yet simply looking at inflation via the CPI or housing prices via the OFHEO numbers painted a largely phony picture that we now know is true .
That is , housing prices were increasing while incomes were stagnant and shadow asset inflation was exploding .
How did this happen ?
Of course through more and more toxic mortgage products being fueled by an easy credit environment , much of it hidden through the securitization of the credit markets .
If you want to see how the system in Japan was setup , look at this chart :
One major difference is Japan is largely a creditor nation while we are the largest debtor nation .
How this changes the equation is largely unseen yet .
You would think , that eventually the U.S. dollar with the Fed and U.S. Treasury determined to sink the value of our currency , would eventually show up in the system as a weaker dollar unfortunately .
Yet last year , one of the few bright spots was the U.S. dollar .
Why ?
First , the entire world went into a period of financial deleveraging .
Central banks around the world almost uniformly started dropping rates .
So if we drop rates by .25 points and so does every other nation , we largely offset one another .
That is one major reason why we saw little change .
It is also the case that the U.S. still is a safe haven for global capital .
How long this will remain is largely unknown .
Yet we do know that we have reached the bottom in terms of monetary easing , at least the old school way of doing it .
We are largely in a zero interest rate world .
That weapon is now empty .
Other central banks ( not Japan ) have more wiggle room so it will be interesting to see what occurs when they cut rates while we remain sidelined largely because we cannot do much more in the monetary realm .
Of course we are practically assured a large fiscal program next year so it is hard to see what will happen .
If Japan is any example , not much :
“ The first lesson is that risks of financial and macroeconomic instability build up during asset price booms and materialise as an aftermath of asset price declines and recessions .
In the light of Japan ’s experience , it seems to be a characteristic that the effects of a bubble are asymmetrically larger in the bursting period than in the expansion period .
A rise and fall in asset prices , which contain an element of a bubble , influence real economic activity mainly through two routes : ( i ) consumption through the wealth effect , and ( ii ) investment through a change in the external finance premium due to changes in collateral and net asset values .
As long as asset prices are rising , they influence the economy in a favourable way and the adverse effects are not thoroughly recognised .
However , once the economy enters a downturn , the above favourable cycle reverses , thereby leading to a severe reaction .
The harmful effects of a bubble will emerge , exerting stress on the real side of the economy and the financial system due to an unexpected correction of asset prices .
If intensified bullish expectations which previously supported the bubble are left unchecked , the expansion and subsequent bursting of the bubble will become more intense , affecting the real economy directly or , by damaging the financial system , indirectly . ”
This is a key point .
The bust of the bubble largely erased all gains during the boom and some .
If we are to look at the growth over the past decade , we still have a long way to go even to reach a breakeven point .
Yet the paper makes a fascinating observation that major asset bubbles causes more harm than good once we look at the net add / loss .
We are already seeing consumption being hammered by the loss in wealth .
And just like Japan , our financial system is largely damaged .
Will we have a lost decade as well ?
How can that option not be on the table ?
We are injecting capital into largely unproductive banks who are now hoarding money to what end ?
To buy up other banks ?
To lend at low rates ?
Who will be their clientele ?
Borrowers with too much debt and stagnant wages ?
Profitability of banks will be sinking just like Japan :
“ Looking at the land price problem from the viewpoint of the stability of the financial system , it was the risk brought about by the sharp rise in land prices and the concentration of credit in the real estate and related industries that were insufficiently perceived .
During the bubble period , real estate was generally accepted as collateral .
However , if the profitability of businesses financed by secured loans is closely related to collateral value , such loans become practically unsecured since profits and collateral value move in the same direction . ”
Another important point .
Much of the problems we are seeing are from banks and financial institutions having to realize the actual asset value of their portfolios .
This is problematic when assets were largely brought onto the books in euphoric stages of the boom which now have to be realized at bust prices .
Essentially this assures financial institutions are holding onto underwater loans .
“ In a financial system , banks play a buffer role against short - term shocks by accumulating internal reserves when the economy is sound and absorbing losses stemming from firms ’ poor business performance or bankruptcy during recession .
Even though some risks cannot be diversified only at a particular point in time , such risks can nevertheless be diversified over time .
In order to achieve a more efficient allocation of risks in the economy , it is deemed important to have not only markets for cross-sectional risk - sharing but also sufficiently accumulated reserves as a buffer for intertemporal risk - smoothing .
Such a risk - smoothing function of the banking sector , however , is difficult to maintain under financial liberalisation and more intense competition from financial markets .
Intertemporal smoothing requires that investors accept lower returns than the market offers in some periods in order to obtain higher returns in others .
Investors , however , would opt out of the banking system and invest in the financial markets , thereby deteriorating banks ’ internal reserves .
As a result , a risk - smoothing function is lost easily and suddenly once the economy encounters a shock that erodes banks ’ net capital to the extent that it threatens their soundness . ”
“ The third lesson is that the effectiveness of the central bank ’s monetary easing is substantially counteracted when the financial system carries problems stemming from the bursting of a bubble . ”
This is a point where our financial institutions largely ignored risk .
It is interesting that excess reserves for banks are only increasing because they are sucking up bailout money !
That is , they are preparing for a problem that occurred a decade ago with money coming out today !
That is much too late .
That is why it is stunning we are going down the path of Japan .
I ’m not sure how we do n’t face a lost decade ( at least ) since we are following the exact playbook .
Injecting capital into banks .
Large infrastructure projects .
And what did it do for Japan ?
The Nikkei peaked on December 29 , 1989 closing at 38,915.87 .
Currently the Nikkei is at 8,859 , nearly 20 years later .
That is a drop of 77 percent .
Even with the Great Depression drop prices after 20 years were already approaching the peak set in 1929 .
8,859 is a long way from 38,915 and I doubt in 5 years it will get even close to that .
So what is worse here ?
“ First , an increase in non-performing loans erodes the net capital of financial institutions , resulting in a decline in risk - taking ability ( credit crunch ) . ”
“ More precisely , during financial crises , financially stressed banks tend to have serious difficulties not only with lending , but also arbitraging and dealing .
This hampers the transmission mechanism from the policy - targeted rate to longer - term rates , resulting in segmentation among various financial markets .
Thus , it could be extremely important for a central bank to intervene in various financial markets to fix segmented markets , thereby restoring market liquidity and the proper transmission mechanism . ”
Japan also had a credit crunch .
So another check there .
Yet the crunch occurs for legitimate reasons .
There is a quick crash bringing together a bubble reality with that of actual reality .
The only obvious outcome is a crunch .
After all , the euphoria dies quickly and panic slowly starts to set in .
That is what occurred in August of 2007 .
The same thing occurred in Japan .
Once financial institutions realize their metrics are off , they quickly have to devise new methods of assessing risk .
“ Policymakers in the above situation are faced with two different kinds of risk .
When productivity rises , driven by changes in economic structure , strong monetary tightening based on the assumption that the economic structure has not changed would constrain economic growth potential .
On the other hand , a continuation of monetary easing would allow asset price bubbles to expand if the perception of structural changes in the economy was mistaken . ”
“ This issue can be regarded as similar to a problem of statistical errors in the test procedure of statistical inference .
A type I error ( the erroneous rejection of a hypothesis when it is true ) corresponds to a case where ( though a “ new economy ” theory may be correct ) rejecting the theory means the central bank erroneously tightens monetary conditions and suppresses economic growth potential .
A type II error ( failure to reject a hypothesis when it is false ) corresponds to a case in which a bubble is mistaken as a transitional process to a “ new economy ” , and the central bank allows inflation to ignite .
Given that one cannot accurately tell in advance which of the two statistical errors policymakers are more likely to make , it is deemed important to consider not only the probability of making an error but also the relative cost of each error .
In this regard , Japan ’s experience suggests that making a type II error is fatal compared with a type I error when faced with a bubble - like phenomenon .
For monetary policymaking at that time , it seemed pragmatic to flexibly adjust the degree of tightening while paying due attention to not only a type II error but also a type I error . ”
Sadly , we made the type II error here .
That is , mistaking a bubble for a new economy .
These mistakes prove even more destructive .
Assuming we followed the type I error the worst thing would have been slowing economic growth when a new economy was here .
Yet there was no new economy so this error is largely irrelevant for comparison .
Both Japan and the U.S. largely mistook a bubble for a new economy .
That is another reason current monetary policy is largely impotent in fixing the current issues .
“ It seems most practically feasible for a central bank to deal with asset price bubbles from the viewpoint of contributing to the sound development of the economy through the pursuit of price stability .
However , it might be the case that achieving low measured inflation in the short term does not necessarily ensure sustainable stability of the economy . ”
“ Within the framework of the Taylor rule , Bernanke and Gertler ( 1999 ) argue that it is possible for a central bank to deal with potential inflationary pressure in a pre-emptive manner .
This is because effects of asset price fluctuations are included in changes in the current output gap .
They present simulation results that the BOJ should have been able to achieve better performance if it had pursued a Taylor - type rule that discards asset price fluctuations ( Figure 11 ) .
In fact , their policy rule points to the need for rapid tightening by raising the interest rate from 4 % to 8 % in 1988 , despite focusing only on the inflation and output gap . ”
Ironically , Ben Bernanke is cited in this paper discussing tighter monetary policy !
The big mistake is the metrics used to measure inflation and housing prices were wrong and if we used say a modified CPI with the Case - Shiller Index for housing prices , inflation would have been much higher thus forcing the central bank to raise rates to stem the asset inflation .
Because in reality , this past decade saw strong inflation if we used better measures of housing and also corrected for stagnant wages .
So what we did is essentially what Japan did .
Eased monetary policy while rampant asset inflation occurred even though the metrics stated otherwise .
We have many lessons to learn here .
There are certainly vast differences between the U.S. and Japan including savings rates , creditor / debtor nations , and diversity of industries .
Yet to quickly dismiss the lessons from Japan as unique is a large mistake , especially the monetary policy mistakes .
If the past is any indicator of the future , we can expect a decade long recession rivaling the lost decade of Japan .
That is , we are going to lock up our precious available capital with those most responsible for the bubble , financial institutions .
You tell me how that first $ 350 billion of the TARP is working out ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
So much for " No Drama Obama , " said Tony Blankley in The Washington Times .
The alleged corrupt conduct of several people in President - elect Barack Obama 's " proximity " has rattled a once smooth transition .
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson 's withdrawal as the next commerce secretary one step ahead of a grand jury sent an embarrassed Obama team into a fit of " classless finger - pointing . "
Obama 's transition team insists that Richardson was n't entirely forthcoming about how serious the federal pay - to - play investigation was , said Heath Haussamen in the New Mexico Independent .
But everyone knows that Richardson 's administration has repeatedly awarded contracts to donors , " coincidentally or not . "
Obama just missed the warning signs .
Maybe , said Republican political commentator Andrea Tantaros in Fox News , but this is looking like a pattern .
From Blagojevich to Rangel to Rezko , " Obama 's got some ethically challenged friends . "
With the inauguration still two weeks away , it 's clear that the Democrats are n't bringing change , they 're bringing scandal .
Simmer down , said The Philadelphia Inquirer in an editorial .
Richardson insists he did nothing wrong , but he knows that the investigation will drag on and delay his confirmation .
" Obama needs his cabinet in place as soon as possible to grapple with the economic crisis , " so Richardson did the right thing by getting out of the way .
Why do some people prefer Windows XP and Mac OS X over Windows Vista ?
After all , Vista is pretty and sleek and much more advanced than XP , and , in many areas , Mac OS X .
Why is there so much love for Xbox , but none for Windows Mobile ?
Why do BlackBerry users love their BlackBerrys , but the public is lukewarm about Palm devices ?
Why is the Amazon Kindle , which is an unsophisticated , clunky , poorly designed gadget so popular with owners ?
Why do people love plain , ugly Gmail ?
The answer to these questions is a mystery to most of the companies that make PCs , gadgets , consumer electronics devices and to software makers .
The industry spends billions on usability testing and user interface design .
Unfortunately , that money is mostly wasted .
The problem is that there are too many technologists in technology .
The technology is only half the equation .
The other half is the human , that irrational , impulsive , impatient , power - hungry gratification machine .
When you ask someone what they really want , they wo n't tell you the truth because they 're not aware of the truth .
Both users and product designers alike talk about user interface ( UI ) consistency , usability and simplicity , and system attributes like performance and stability .
What 's missing is that these attributes are means to an end .
The real issue is always the user 's physiological feeling of being in control .
And control comes in many ways :
Consistency : Designers focus on UI " consistency , " but why ?
Consistency gives predictability , which gives users a feeling that they know what will happen when they do something -- even for the first time .
It 's a feeling of mastery , of control .
Usability : One of the errors software and hardware designers make is to base their UI decisions on the assumption that the user is an idiot who needs to be protected from himself .
Give this moron too much rope and he 'll hang himself , the reasoning goes .
But instead of taking the Microsoft route -- burying and hiding controls and features , which protects newbies from their own mistakes but frustrates the hell out of experienced users -- it 's better to offer a bullet - proof " undo . "
Give the user control , let them make their own mistakes , then undo the damage if they mess something up .
Simplicity : Simplicity is complex .
And there are many ways to achieve it .
One way is to insist on top - to - bottom , inside - and - outside simplicity .
Extreme examples include the original Palm Pilot organizer , Gmail and RSS feeds .
And then there 's the illusion of simplicity , which is the Microsoft route .
In trying to be the operating system vendor for all people and all tasks , Microsoft Windows and Windows Mobile are extraordinarily complex pieces of software engineering .
To " simplify , " the company hides features , buries controls and groups features into categories to create the appearance of fewer options , without actually reducing options .
( From all accounts , it appears that Windows 7 will offer more of the same . )
Both extremes result in something you could call " simplicity . "
But one version thrills users by putting them in control .
The other frustrates them by taking away control .
Performance : Everyone hates slow PCs .
It 's not the waiting .
It 's the fact that the PC has wrenched control from the user during the time that the hourglass is displayed .
That three seconds of staring at the hourglass is three seconds when you feel utterly powerless .
Fast computers are good because they keep the user in control .
Stability : Designers focus on system " stability , " but it 's not because they worry about time wasted , though that 's how users tend to talk a lack of stability .
Like the performance issue , instability is about the theft of system control from the user .
People waste all kinds of time on all kinds of things , and usually do n't mind doing it .
What enrages people is when somebody else forces wasted time on you .
Blue Screens of Death are more akin to running into unexpected traffic jams or having somebody take away the TV remote control .
You 're forced into putting your objectives on hold , and left feeling powerless .
One reason for the industry - wide pandemic of frustrating products is that the whole culture of usability testing does n't emphasize user feelings of control .
Microsoft does usability tests , for example , but its tests are flawed .
Typically , it sits random people in front of a PC in a usability lab .
Victims are directed to do various tasks , and asked what they 're doing and thinking as they try to complete those tasks .
All of this is monitored , and everything is recorded .
Microsoft usability testing tends to focus on enabling users to " accomplish goals . "
Microsoft categorizes these goals according to their educated preconceptions about what people are trying to do based on their jobs or user categorization are you a student , middle manager , designer , for instance .
So Microsoft focuses on results .
My view is that how the user feels during the process is more important than anything else .
Here 's the problem .
In these scenarios , users are using somebody else 's PC .
They expect and assume that the software is in control .
There is no psychological feeling of " ownership " over the equipment or the software or the work or anything .
So the most important element -- the sense of control people feel when doing their own work on their own PCs in their own homes -- is missing entirely from the tests .
During usability tests , users are asked constantly about the software .
And that 's the wrong question .
When real people are doing real work , they 're focused on their own desires and objectives and are frustrated or not frustrated based on the degree to which they 're given what they want .
My advice to Microsoft is to add an additional test : a " Who's In Control ? " test .
After performing a task , ask the user to rank their experience on a scale with " me in control " on one side , and " software in control " on the other .
Try all test methods for completing various tasks , and choose the one ranked with the maximum " me in control " score .
And they need the home version for ongoing testing in the " real world . "
We 've all experienced the full range of emotions while using gadgets , PCs , phones and software .
At one end of the spectrum is a kind of thrilling joy , where something " just works . "
At the other end , there is a consuming rage .
The amount of time your emotional state spends at one end of the spectrum rather than the other is the one and only thing that determines how much you " love " the product .
All the factors involved in using a PC -- consistency , usability , simplicity , stability , performance and even the successful completion of tasks -- all come down to control .
Give me control , and I will love your product .
It 's as simple as that .
Mike Elgan writes about technology and global tech culture .
He blogs about the technology needs , desires and successes of mobile warriors in his Computerworld blog , The World Is My Office .
Contact Mike at mike.elgan@elgan.com , follow him on Twitter or his blog , The Raw Feed .
This story , " Memo to Vendors : Here 's How to Build a Winner " was originally published by Computerworld .
KAILUA , Hawaii ( Reuters ) - A small group of placard - waving pro-Palestinian demonstrators gathered near U.S. President - elect Barack Obama ’s vacation retreat in Hawaii on Tuesday to protest against the Israeli airstrikes in Gaza .
Obama has made no public comment on the strikes , which Israel launched on Saturday .
Aides have repeatedly said he is monitoring the situation and continues to receive intelligence briefings but that there is only one U.S. president at a time .
Some critics , however , say Obama did choose to speak out after the attacks on the Indian city of Mumbai in November in which gunmen killed nearly 180 people , condemning them as acts of terrorism .
Obama , who takes office on January 20 from outgoing Republican President George W. Bush , has also spoken out on economic issues facing the United States .
“ He is talking about how many jobs he is going to create but he is refusing to speak about this , ” said one of the protesters , Carolyn Hadfield , 66 .
Hadfield was one of eight protesters standing with placards reading “ No U.S. support for Israel ” and “ Gazans need food and medicine , not war ” near Obama ’s rented vacation home in Kailua , an upmarket suburb on the Hawaiian island of Oahu , where Obama is in the second week of a vacation with his family .
Obama had not left the compound on Tuesday morning and did not see the protest .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Obama has in the past called Israel one of the United States ’ greatest allies and has vowed to ensure the security of the Jewish state .
He has also said he would make a sustained push to achieve the goal of two states -- a Jewish state in Israel and a Palestinian state .
Israel on Tuesday pressed on with air strikes in Gaza that it says are in response to rocket fire by Hamas militants deep inside the Jewish state .
Medical officials put Palestinian casualties at 383 dead and more than 800 wounded .
The Bush administration has so far backed Israel ’s actions in Gaza and demanded the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas stop firing rockets into Israel and agree to a lasting ceasefire .
“ We are very upset with what is going in Palestine .
There is a very great need for change in U.S. foreign policy toward Israel and Palestine .
We need to stop giving Israel a blank check , ” said another protester , Margaret Brown , 66 .
The protesters were rebuffed when they tried to hand a letter signed by dozens of U.S. activist groups to a Secret Service agent guarding the access road to Obama ’s beachfront compound .
If the current rate of growth continues for media giant , Netflix , experts predict that it will be a $ 100 billion company in the next 5 years .
Analyst Scott Devitt wrote in a note that he expects Netflix ’s operating income to reach $ 3.8 billion by the end of 2020 , assuming paid subscriptions hit 150 million at an average $ 9 in revenue per customer and a 23 % operating margin .
Find out more at Market Watch .
Photo courtesy of : Pixabay
A new study in the Review of Agricultural Economics compares fast food and table service meals at restaurants .
Results show that both are larger and have more calories than meals prepared at home , with the typical fast food meal being smaller and having fewer calories than the average meal from a table service restaurant .
James K. Binkley of Purdue University used data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Continuing Survey of Food Intakes by Individuals , which is the most recently available large sample of information regarding nutritional intake , to analyze fast food , table service restaurant meals , and meals prepared at home .
Fast food was found to be more energy dense than food from a table service restaurant .
However , Binkley found that fast food meals tend to be smaller .
Consequently , the typical fast food meal had fewer calories than the average meal from a table service restaurant , whether the diner is an adult , teenager , or child .
But , the study found that table service diners are more likely to reduce their food consumption during the rest of the day than are those eating at fast food restaurants , most likely because of the difference in energy density .
As a result , fast food may ultimately result in more calories .
Perhaps the most surprising result of the study was the finding that fast food had the largest effects for adults , and that children 's caloric intakes were greatest when they ate at table service restaurants .
Source : Wiley
Explore further Study finds association between screen time use , diet and other health factors
The mainstream reaction to the Bernard Madoff scandal was inevitable .
Whenever a government regulatory agency proves itself to be incredibly incompetent or corrupt , the respectable media swoop in to declare that the " free market " has failed and the agency in question obviously needs more money and power .
Whether it ’s the Department of Education ’s failure to produce kids who can read , the FBI ’s accusations against innocent people in high - profile cases , or the FDA cracking down on tomatoes , the answer is always the same : proponents of bigger government argue that yes , mistakes were made , but the solution of course is to shovel more taxpayer money into the agencies in question .
In the private sector , when a firm fails , it ceases operations .
The opposite happens in government .
There is literally nothing a government agency could do that would make the talking heads on the Sunday shows ask , " Should we just abolish this agency ?
Is it doing more harm than good ? "
It ’s not just Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac : throughout history , virtually every agency created by the federal government has been deemed too important to fail .
( I vaguely remember some Republicans in the mid-1990s holding a press conference and declaring that the Department of Commerce was done , and that voters could " stick a fork in it . "
I guess they found it was still pink inside . )
Madoff ’s Ponzi Scheme
The pattern plays out perfectly with the SEC and the Madoff bombshell .
Suppose a few years ago , I told a group of MBAs to imagine the worst screwup that the SEC could possibly perform , something so monumentally incompetent that members of Congress might openly question whether the agency should continue .
I think that at least half of the class would have come up with something far less outrageous than what has happened in fact .
Everyone who reads the headlines knows that Bernard Madoff is accused of running a massive Ponzi scheme that , for over a decade , has ripped off investors to the tune of $ 50 billion .
But those who dig a bit deeper learn that Harry Markopolos , who used to work for a Madoff rival , has been writing the SEC since at least May 1999 , urging them to put a stop to Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme .
( Markopolos examined the options markets that Madoff told investors he used to hedge his positions and yield his steady stream of dividends , and Markopolos concluded that Madoff ’s results were impossible . )
Incredibly , the SEC apparently had evidence in front of its face sixteen years ago ( in relation to another case ) that Madoff was a crook .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Bob Murphy
Speaking UNIX
Go fish !
The Friendly Interactive Shell ( fish ) is ideal for UNIX novices and experts alike
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Speaking UNIX
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Speaking UNIX
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
English is a perplexing language .
For example , consider the words moon and good .
To the uninitiated , the words should rhyme , but the former is pronounced / mun / ( according to the International Pronunciation Alphabet ) , while the latter is spoken / good / .
Seemingly , the only rule in English is exception .
UNIX shells are equally perplexing .
For instance , in the Bourne shell ( and most common UNIX shells ) , the phrases ' $ var ' , " $var " , and `$var` look alike but yield substantially different results .
( Each CLI in the shell examples presented in this article are prefaced with the name of the active shell and the command number . )
bash - 1 ) # Demonstrate the differences between single - , double - , and back quotes bash - 2 ) var=ls bash - 3 ) echo ' $ var ' $ var bash - 4 ) echo " $var " ls bash - 5 ) echo `$var` Rakefile app bin components config db doc lib log patches public script src test tmp vendor
In the sequence above , the variable var is set to the two - letter string ls .
In the initial echo command , the apostrophes prevent interpretation of the variable , instead yielding a verbatim copy of the quoted text , the four - letter string $var .
Next , in command 4 , the double quotation marks do interpret the variable , so the result is the string ls .
Finally , the back quotes both interpret the variable and run the intermediate result as a subshell .
Thus , `$var` yields the intermediate string ls , which runs as a shell command to produce the contents of the local directory .
Certainly , all three operators — the single , double , and back quotation marks — serve a valid purpose , but like exceptions in English , memorizing and mastering the variations can be maddening .
Here 's more proof :
What 's the difference between the phrase $var and " $var " ?
( Hint : Assume that $var contains whitespace . )
bash - 1 ) # Create three files and try to remove two bash - 2 ) touch three two one bash - 3 ) var = " one two " bash - 4 ) rm " $var " rm : one two : No such file or directory bash - 5 ) rm $ var bash - 6 ) ls three
If a variable contains whitespace , the double quotation marks keep the variable expansion intact as a single argument .
Otherwise , any whitespace in the variable is interpreted as an argument delimiter .
Yep .
Shell syntax can be maddening .
And that 's unfortunate , because it makes the CLI — one of the most powerful features of UNIX — more difficult to learn .
Indeed , inconsistencies like those described above fluster hardened veterans , too .
Thankfully , fish — the Friendly Interactive Shell — swims upstream against the tide of obfuscation , providing streamlined syntax and a much - improved user experience .
Like other shells , fish provides redirection , shortcuts , globbing ( that is , expansion of wildcards ) , subshells , tab completion , and variables .
Unlike alternatives , however , fish also provides color - coded CLIs , an extensive command - line editor , and rich documentation .
Additionally ( and intelligently ) , fish provides only one way to do anything .
If a UNIX utility achieves a particular task , fish does not repeat the feature as a built - in command .
For example , fish uses the system - wide application / bin / kill to terminate processes .
( By comparison , the Bourne shell implements its own version of kill as a built - in application .
You can type / bin / kill at the Bourne shell prompt to use the application , instead . )
Whenever possible , fish prefers simplicity over flexibility , making it far more predictable to use .
Here , let 's install fish , reel it in , and try just some of its many features .
Catching fish
Fish is an open source project created by Axel Liljencrantz and licensed under the GNU General Public License , version 2 .
As of this writing , the latest version of fish is 1.23.0 , released 13 January 2008 .
If you use UNIX or a UNIX - like system , such as Linux® or Mac OS X , fish should build from source code readily and easily on your system .
Here are the steps , as shown in Listing 1 :
Download the most recent source tarball of the program .
Unpack it .
Change to the source directory .
Configure the build .
Run make .
Listing 1 . Build fish from source
bash - 1 ) wget http://www.fishshell.org/files/1.23.0/fish-1.23.0.tar.gz bash - 2 ) tar xzvf fish - 1.23.0.tar.gz bash - 3 ) cd fish - 1.23.0 bash - 4 ) ./ configure -- without - xsel checking if autoconf needs to be run ... no checking if autoheader needs to be run ... no checking for / usr / pkg / include include directory ... no ... bash - 5 ) make gcc - c -o function . o function .c ... bash - 6 ) sudo make install ...
To use fish as your login shell : * add the line ' / usr / bin / fish ' to the file ' / etc/ shells ' .
* use the command ' chsh -s /usr / bin / fish ' .
If you 're using a UNIX - like system , the additional flags to configure are n't strictly needed .
However , to minimize dependencies and to keep fish in the same directory structure as common shells , you can add -- without - xsel and -- prefix= / usr , respectively .
( If you use Mac OS X version 10.4 Leopard , also add the parameter LDFLAGS= - liconv .
If you omit the latter option on Mac OS X , the attendant fish utilities fail to build . )
Optionally , if you use a popular UNIX variant , you can likely find pre-built binaries ready to install on your distribution .
For example , if you use Debian Linux , you can install fish in an instant with the command sudo apt - get install fish .
Check the fish project home page for availability for your system .
School is in
Before diving in to more complex topics , let 's look at how common shell tasks are accomplished in fish :
To redirect standard input and standard output , use the operators < and > , respectively .
To redirect standard error , use the carat ( ^ ) , as shown in Figure 1 .
To append standard error to a file , use ^^ .
Figure 1 . Redirect standard error with the caret operator
In command 3 , the error messages produced by rm are captured in the file named errors .
Command 4 shows the contents of the file .
The fish shell has rich support for redirection , such as combining descriptors into one stream and closing descriptors .
By the way , the colored and underlined text shown are n't editorial .
The shell highlights text in the CLI as you type .
In the lines , green indicates that the command name is valid ; an invalid command name is colored red .
The underline is a hint that the named file exists .
( A section below covers shell feedback in more detail . )
and , respectively .
To redirect standard error , use the carat ( ) , as shown in Figure 1 .
To append standard error to a file , use .
To run a subshell , use the parentheses ( ( ) ) , as shown in Figure 2 .
Text enclosed within parentheses is interpreted as a list of commands and replaced by the result .
Figure 2 .
Use parentheses to run a subshell
) , as shown in Figure 2 .
Text enclosed within parentheses is interpreted as a list of commands and replaced by the result .
To create an alias , or shortcut , create a fish function .
A function can contain one or more commands , and the special variable $ argv automatically expands to the list of arguments passed on the original command line .
You can list all defined functions with the command functions .
To erase a function , use functions -- erase name , as in functions -- erase ll .
You can also instantly save any function you write at the command line .
When your code is complete , type funcsave name , such as funcsave ll .
The function is immediately available to all your currently running shells and all future shells , as well .
The command funced name interactively edits an existing function .
The funced command has full syntax highlighting , tab completion , and automatic indenting ; funcsave and funced make it easy to customize your shell .
function .
To set a variable , type set variable namevalue .
As with the functions built - in variable , type set -- erase variable name to " unset , " or erase , a variable .
To retrieve the value stored in the variable , type a dollar sign ( $ ) followed by the variable 's name , as shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 .
Test for the existence of a variable Smartly , fish provides the -- query option to test whether a variable is defined .
If the variable is set , set -- query returns a status code of 0 , indicating that no error occurred ; otherwise , it returns a 1 .
Statement 6 chains two commands with the or operator :
The second command ( echo ) executes only if the first command fails .
So , how does fish handle the dreaded $ var , ' $ var ' , " $var " , and `$var` ?
True to form , it follows a few simple rules :
If a variable contains whitespace , the whitespace is always preserved , and the variable always evaluates to a single argument ( see Figure 4 .
Figure 4 .
Fish keeps strings with embedded whitespace intact
If the double quotation mark is the outermost quote , all variables are expanded .
If the single quotation mark is the outermost quote , no variables are expanded .
Let 's look at how these rules work in practice .
Command 1 creates four files , where the last file has whitespace in its name .
Commands 3 and 4 delete the file named by the variable file .
Commands 6 and 7 delete the two files named in the twofiles variable .
Look closely at command 6 : Because the value is not placed in quotation marks ( either single or double ) , whitespace is not protected .
Hence , command 7 expands the variable into two arguments and deletes both files .
Commands 9 and 10 reiterate the scenario in commands 6 and 7 .
Commands 11 and 12 demonstrate the whitespace rule .
Even though the variable is not surrounded by double quotation marks in command 12 , fish maintains the whitespace set in command 11 .
Very nice .
Commands 14 through 16 exhibit fish 's nested quoting rules .
Now , glance again at commands 11 , 15 , and 16 .
The shell uses color codes to display balanced quotation marks and reinforce proper syntax .
Look , too , at commands 9 and 11 .
The latter command underlined the file name , indicating that it exists .
The missing underline in command 9 is a big hint you did something wrong .
Friendly is fish 's first name .
A great feature for landlubbers
Speaking of friendly features , fish 's tab completion feature is another novelty that new UNIX users — and experts — find extremely useful .
To see completion in action , type along in the example that follows .
Click the Tab key at the end of each line .
If you 're unsure of a command name , you can click Tab after typing a few letters to view a list of possible completions , as Figure 5 shows .
( The list of completions on your system may differ from the list shown here .
The list depends both on your PATH environment variable and the contents of your UNIX system . )
Figure 5 . Click Tab to complete a command name
Notice the red text in the CLI .
If fish does n't recognize the name of a command , it is shown in red .
Clicking Tab reveals all the application names — with a brief description — that begin with what you 've you typed so far .
You can also click Tab at an empty prompt to see all applications in your PATH .
If you 'd like to know what options are available for a command , click Tab after a hyphen ( - ) or double hyphen ( -- ) , as shown in Figure 6 .
Figure 6 .
You can also click Tab to complete an option
Here , fish tells you which options are available .
The shell maintains a large index of common commands and options , and chances are , you can get the help you need .
However , custom or more esoteric utilities may lack such data .
You can read the fish documentation to learn more about writing your own completions .
You can also click Tab after typing a few letters of the option , as Figure 7 shows .
The shell displays all the possible matches .
Figure 7 .
You can type part of an option , too
If you do n't know what kind of operand a command manipulates , fish can help — in many cases , but not all .
For example , if you type set ( or vared , the fish variable editor ) , a space , and then press Tab , fish presents a list of available variables .
The operand for set is an argument .
Similarly , if you type type , a space , and then click Tab , fish displays a list of built-ins and functions that extend which utilities are available to you on the file system .
In general , all the built-ins and functions included with fish have context - sensitive operand completion .
Try cd , for example , as shown in Figure 8 .
Figure 8 .
Many commands are context sensitive and present suitable arguments
The cd function is a fish function and is aware that its operand is an existing directory .
When you click Tab after typing cd , fish presents all the existing directories contained in every directory in your CDPATH .
Another smart completion is associated with ssh .
Type ssh followed by a space , and then click Tab to see a list of known hostnames taken from your Secure Shell known hosts file ( typically found in ~/.ssh/known_hosts ) :
fish - 1 ) ssh login.example.com ( Hostname ) host1.example.com ( Hostname )
The fish shell also completes file names and directory names .
Again , it highlights correct elements as you type path names .
One significant difference between fish and other shells is the lack of history shorthand , such as ! , !! , and !$ .
Casting for more fish
If you like fish and want to adopt it as your login shell , add the path to fish to the official list of shells , /etc / shells , and then run chsh :
bash - 1 ) type fish fish is / usr / bin / fish bash - 2 ) sudo vi /etc / shells bash - 3 ) cat /etc/ shells / bin / bash / bin/csh / bin/ksh /bin/sh /bin/tcsh /bin/zsh /usr / bin/ fish bash - 4 ) chsh -s /usr / bin / fish Changing shell for strike Password : ******** bash - 5 ) login strike Password : ********
Last login : Wed Oct 8 15:02:21 on ttys000 Welcome to fish , the friendly interactive shell Type help for instructions on how to use fish fish - 1 ) echo $ SHELL /usr / bin / fish
Conclusion
There is a lot to discover and like in fish .
Dare I say it ?
" There is a lot of C in the fish . "
You can tweak the colors in syntax highlighting .
You can customize your startup by editing ~/.config/fish/config.fish .
You can share variables across shell instances using universal variables and fishd .
The shell also has a great history search feature , an interactive variable editor , and an interactive command - line editor .
Best of all , there is a tremendous amount of documentation all available from fish itself .
If you need help , just type help at any command prompt .
The doctors are right : fish is good for you .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Phil Gramm stood by John McCain in his worst days last summer when his campaign went broke and his candidacy was all but written off by political observers .
McCain guru linked to subprime crisis
The general co-chairman of John McCain ’s presidential campaign , former Sen. Phil Gramm ( R - Texas ) , led the charge in 1999 to repeal a Depression - era banking regulation law that Democrat Barack Obama claimed on Thursday contributed significantly to today ’s economic turmoil .
“ A regulatory structure set up for banks in the 1930s needed to change because the nature of business had changed , ” the Illinois senator running for president said in a New York economic speech .
“ But by the time [ it ] was repealed in 1999 , the $ 300 million lobbying effort that drove deregulation was more about facilitating mergers than creating an efficient regulatory framework . ”
Advertisement
Gramm ’s role in the swift and dramatic recent restructuring of the nation ’s investment houses and practices did n’t stop there .
A year after the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act repealed the old regulations , Swiss Bank UBS gobbled up brokerage house Paine Weber .
Two years later , Gramm settled in as a vice chairman of UBS ’s new investment banking arm .
Later , he became a major player in its government affairs operation .
According to federal lobbying disclosure records , Gramm lobbied Congress , the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department about banking and mortgage issues in 2005 and 2006 .
During those years , the mortgage industry pressed Congress to roll back strong state rules that sought to stem the rise of predatory tactics used by lenders and brokers to place homeowners in high - cost mortgages .
For his work , Gramm and two other lobbyists collected $ 750,000 in fees from UBS ’s American subsidiary .
In the past year , UBS has written down more than $ 18 billion in exposure to subprime loans and other risky securities and is considering cutting as many as 8,000 jobs .
Gramm did not respond to an e-mail and was unavailable for comment , according to a UBS spokesman .
The bank has no official position on the subprime crisis , the spokesman said , but is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable and other industry groups that are actively lobbying Congress on the issue .
Now , some housing experts and economists see Gramm ’s thinking in the recent housing proposal from McCain , the Republican Party ’s presumed presidential nominee .
Gramm is often a surrogate for the Arizona senator , particularly in meetings focused on the economy .
And McCain has hinted he ’d consider the former Texas senator for Treasury secretary in a McCain administration .
McCain delivered an economic speech Tuesday that had Gramm 's input , but it was written by domestic policy adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin .
“ Sen . Gramm was one of dozens of folks whom Sen.
McCain has consulted on the housing issue , including Carly Fiorina and Meg Whitman from eBay , " said McCain campaign spokesman Brian Rogers .
" They 've been friends for years , and he values Sen. Gramm 's advice . "
In the speech , McCain rejected the type of aggressive government intervention in the economic meltdown that has been embraced by his Democratic opponents — and even some Bush advisers .
“ I have always been committed to the principle that it is not the duty of government to bail out and reward those who act irresponsibly , whether they are big banks or small borrowers , ” McCain said .
“ Government assistance to the banking system should be based solely on preventing systemic risk that would endanger the entire financial system and the economy . ”
McCain ’s campaign later clarified that he would support programs for “ deserving ” homeowners and reforms that would improve transparency and accountability in capital markets .
Andrew Jakabovics , a housing expert at the liberal Center for American Progress , said McCain ’s interpretation of the crisis puts little blame on investment banks for their role in packaging the subprime loans into dangerously complex and ultimately hard - to - value financial instruments .
“ I ’d characterize this as the deux ex machina theory of financial products , ” Jakabovics said .
“ He views this as a market problem that manifests at the local level as housing , meaning he ’s more likely to argue in favor of these guys when they argue for deregulation . ”
Wall Street firms are increasingly under scrutiny for contributing to the economic downturn by packaging and selling risky mortgage securities .
When the home loans tied to the mortgages defaulted , investors and the banks lost billions , contributing to a widespread credit crunch .
“ I think [ McCain ’s ] attitude is the market can basically handle this and government does n’t need to be heavily involved , ” said David Wyss , chief economist at Standard and Poor’s .
McCain and Gramm have a long political history .
The two became close when they worked together as senators to defeat Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s 1993 health care plan , holding meetings at hospitals and clinics across the country .
In 1996 , McCain was national chairman of Gramm 's unsuccessful presidential bid .
In 2000 , the duo had a rare parting when Gramm backed his home - state governor , George W. Bush , for president instead of McCain .
But they ’ve reunited in this presidential race .
Gramm stood by his former Senate colleague in his worst days last summer when his campaign went broke and his candidacy was all but written off by political observers .
Gramm , who had joined the campaign in March as a domestic policy adviser , was among those who helped cut staff and shrink the budgets .
He traveled with McCain in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina and stumped for him in Georgia .
Staff writer Victoria McGrane contributed to this story .
Last week , Matthäus Krzykowski and Daniel Hartmann of VentureBeat loaded Android onto an Eee PC 10000H netbook .
According to their write - up , it took no more than about four hours to compile Android for the Eee and get it up and running .
This was n't just a proof of concept install .
Once running , Android was able to use the onboard graphics , sound , and wireless capabilities of the device .
This installation success is helping fuel speculation about the future of Android and other possible Google operating system initiatives .
While you might think of Android as a phone - based operating system , in reality it is more than that .
Android can theoretically run on many PCs , including laptops and netbooks .
The VentureBeat install , like the Nokia N810 we wrote about in early December , shows that Android and Android - like operating systems could have a potential range far wider than handheld devices .
That 's not to say that you can just swap out Android for any Linux install .
Android is built on a Linux kernel but diverges in the way that it handles graphics .
Instead of using the standard Linux X Server drivers , Android employs a " framebuffer driver . "
This alternate technology arbitrates and controls access to the system display using the open source Skia Graphics Library .
Skia is also the cross- platform graphics engine that powers Google Chrome .
Standard Linux applications depend on X Server and must be ported to Android 's graphics system if they are to run properly there .
As VentureBeat points out , the framebuffer driver approach currently runs far slower than X Server .
Should Android attempt to make a push into the netbook market , it will have to improve its efficiency on that front or face " very slow graphics . "
In most other regards , Android and standard Linux installs are n't that different .
Most Linux drivers work under Android , so porting to new Linux - friendly platforms like netbooks involves minimal work .
The VentureBeat developers were impressed by how simple it was to move Android to the Eee , writing that they found the underlying source code very neatly written and easy to port .
Android itself made very few assumptions about the platform it was running on , so it automatically updated its screen display to fit the Asus screen ( which is approximately five times the size of a G1 phone screen ) without special programming .
With the Eee port done , speculation is running rampant as to whether Google has a larger OS distribution plan in mind .
Tech Republic suggests that Chrome , Android and Google Desktop are leading to a full Google OS push .
ZDNet 's Garett Rogers writes that Google could monetize Android application sales for traditional PCs to create a new and profitable revenue stream .
From an end - user 's point of view , this could be a huge , liberating win .
An open source operating system with Google and its allies behind it could drive down the price of personal computers while at the same time opening that operating system up for open third - party innovation .
Is Google gunning for the netbook market ?
Given how flexibly Android has been developed and how well it adapts to new platforms without needing specific adjustments , Google would be foolish to not at least consider this avenue as an active development path .
Google has the strength , the influence , and now it seems the technology , to take Linux - based netbooks and notebooks to a newer , more polished , and friendlier place , although some will disagree .
With Android and its overall consumer ready interface , netbooks could appeal to a wider group of customers and to a possibly revenue - rich market .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Beth Miller , a high school student on summer break , went out for a morning jog on a bright August morning more than 25 years ago and never returned home .
Beth Miller was 14 in August 1983 , when she went out for a jog and never returned .
The 14 - year - old left her home in Idaho Springs , Colorado , about 10 a.m. August 16 , 1983 .
When she was n't back that afternoon , her family called police .
Miller normally jogged in a nearby park .
Investigators say she may have been seen last talking with a man who was behind the wheel of a red pickup with a white camper top and out - of - state license plates .
Immediately after Miller 's disappearance , many red pickups were stopped , but none could be linked to Miller 's disappearance .
Miller was not carrying any cash or personal belongings .
Family and friends say she always left a note for her parents if she planned to be gone long .
But on the day she vanished , Miller left no note , her family told police .
She did n't take the money she earned babysitting .
Her parents insisted she would not have left intentionally for such a long time .
Over the years , the Beth Miller case has taken many twists and turns .
Most recently , a grand jury investigation was called in 2007 , but no indictments were returned .
Several theories are still being investigated , but over the years , no clues have surfaced .
No remains have been found that could be identified as Miller's .
Police had suspicions that an Ohio man may have been involved in Miller 's abduction , but he was never charged .
A serial killer from Mississippi claimed he had killed Beth Miller , but police dismissed the lead because his story did n't add up .
The most credible lead focused on a New Mexico man named Edward Apodaca , who is now dead .
His former girlfriend claimed that she had helped him bury Miller in the mountains near Idaho Springs , but when police searched with cadaver dogs and excavated the area , no remains were found .
Several sightings of women thought to be Beth Miller have been reported .
In 1995 , a woman who was picked up by police in Tampa , Florida , claimed she was Beth Miller .
Miller 's family flew down to meet the woman , only to find that she was not their daughter .
Bone fragments , deteriorated cloth and a single blond hair were found in Empire , Colorado , in 1994 .
These items could not be identified .
When newer forensic techniques were developed along with DNA testing a decade later , police sent the evidence to the FBI lab .
" Those results were inconclusive and the bone fragments were identified as animal , not human remains , " said Eagle County District Attorney Mark Hurlbert .
" It is an open investigation , and with help from the public or tips , we may still be able to solve this case , " Hurlbert said .
Miller 's family members say they believe the theory that Edward Apodaca murdered Beth with the help of his girlfriend .
But there is no corroborating evidence besides the statement of Apodaca 's girlfriend .
Beth Miller would be 39 years old .
She was described as 5 feet , 4 inches tall with blond hair , blue eyes and a mole over her right eyebrow .
She was last seen wearing white jogging shorts , a blue T - shirt and running shoes .
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Beth Miller may call the Eagle County District Attorney 's tip line at 970-328-6947 .
All About Missing Persons • Nancy Grace
first of all your going to be close down considering which you under no circumstances have been given a permit to construct , which then finally ends up in the actuality that its stunning the economic enterprise gave you a private loan devoid of a permit .
yet i assume there is techniques around that .
My husband is a contractor and has outfitted many many properties yet could under no circumstances artwork for $ 5 an hour .
he 's making $ 35 an hour on the 2nd and that 's low while in comparison with others ( he needs to be aggressive ) as they 're charging $ 40 5 an hour .
it incredibly is not for a complete group it incredibly is in line with guy HOUR .
which potential if my husband has 7 adult adult males come to help him out he rates $ 35 for each guy or woman despite if he only will pay them $ 20 as a results of fact they do n't have the journey to make $ 35 .
2nd you may not only circulate construct a house on your mothers sources .
in case you wanna look self sufficient and not be the " loser " she thinks you 're then you certainly could desire to circulate get something thoroughly on your man or woman .
Your nevertheless in keeping together with her by utilising utilising her land .
once you do locate the plans you desire to construct your living house you will could desire to bypass them by utilising a construction inspector that still will value money to make effective they 're to code .
you may have all the religion in Jesus despite if it does no longer propose issues are going to circulate YOUR way .
There are plans a techniques extra effective than you additionally can comprehend in keep for you , so circulate forward and make your plans i'm effective Jesus has a sence of humor .
i think of you incredibly ought to have concept approximately all of this in the previous you chew off extra effective than you may chew .
stable success .
hopefully you may turn around and use that money to employ a place fairly than getting stricktly a shape very own loan .
as a results of fact in case you do no longer instruct the economic enterprise something quickly they are going to be indignant and that 's no longer enormously .
by utilising the way , why did you purchase $ 28,000 worth of constuction factors in the previous you even had plans drawn up and approved .
And if the climate consisted of kit you have gotten stored your self lots by utilising only hiring somebody who already has kit .
I propose you talk on your mom in the previous you dig your self right into a deeper grave .
McCain 's acceptance speech
Here is the prepared text of Sen.
John McCain 's acceptance speech :
Thank you all very much .
Tonight , I have a privilege given few Americans — the privilege of accepting our party 's nomination for president of the United States .
And I accept it with gratitude , humility and confidence .
Advertisement
In my life , no success has come without a good fight , and this nomination was n't any different .
That 's a tribute to the candidates who opposed me and their supporters .
They 're leaders of great ability , who love our country , and wished to lead it to better days .
Their support is an honor I wo n't forget .
I 'm grateful to the president for leading us in those dark days following the worst attack on American soil in our history , and keeping us safe from another attack many thought was inevitable ; and to the first lady , Laura Bush , a model of grace and kindness in public and in private .
And I 'm grateful to the 41st president and his bride of 63 years , and for their outstanding example of honorable service to our country .
As always , I 'm indebted to my wife , Cindy , and my seven children .
The pleasures of family life can seem like a brief holiday from the crowded calendar of our nation 's business .
But I have treasured them all the more , and can't imagine a life without the happiness you give me .
Cindy said a lot of nice things about me tonight .
But , in truth , she 's more my inspiration than I am hers .
Her concern for those less blessed than we are — victims of land mines , children born in poverty and with birth defects — shows the measure of her humanity .
I know she will make a great first lady .
When I was growing up , my father was often at sea , and the job of raising my brother , sister and me would fall to my mother alone .
Roberta McCain gave us her love of life , her deep interest in the world , her strength and her belief we are all meant to use our opportunities to make ourselves useful to our country .
I would n't be here tonight but for the strength of her character .
My heartfelt thanks to all of you who helped me win this nomination and stood by me when the odds were long .
I wo n't let you down .
To Americans who have yet to decide who to vote for , thank you for your consideration and the opportunity to win your trust .
I intend to earn it .
Finally , a word to Sen. Obama and his supporters .
We 'll go at it over the next two months .
That 's the nature of these contests , and there are big differences between us .
But you have my respect and admiration .
Despite our differences , much more unites us than divides us .
We are fellow Americans , an association that means more to me than any other .
We 're dedicated to the proposition that all people are created equal and endowed by our Creator with inalienable rights .
No country ever had a greater cause than that .
And I would n't be an American worthy of the name if I did n't honor Sen.
Obama and his supporters for their achievement .
But let there be no doubt , my friends , we 're going to win this election .
And after we 've won , we 're going to reach out our hand to any willing patriot , make this government start working for you again , and get this country back on the road to prosperity and peace .
These are tough times for many of you .
You 're worried about keeping your job or finding a new one , and are struggling to put food on the table and stay in your home .
All you ever asked of government is to stand on your side , not in your way .
And that 's just what I intend to do : stand on your side and fight for your future .
And I 've found just the right partner to help me shake up Washington , Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska .
She has executive experience and a real record of accomplishment .
She 's tackled tough problems like energy independence and corruption .
She 's balanced a budget , cut taxes and taken on the special interests .
She 's reached across the aisle and asked Republicans , Democrats and independents to serve in her administration .
She 's the mother of five children .
She 's helped run a small business , worked with her hands and knows what it 's like to worry about mortgage payments and health care and the cost of gasoline and groceries .
She knows where she comes from , and she knows who she works for .
She stands up for what 's right , and she does n't let anyone tell her to sit down .
I 'm very proud to have introduced our next vice president to the country .
But I can't wait until I introduce her to Washington .
And let me offer an advance warning to the old , big - spending , do - nothing , me - first , country - second Washington crowd : Change is coming .
I 'm not in the habit of breaking promises to my country , and neither is Gov. Palin .
And when we tell you we 're going to change Washington and stop leaving our country 's problems for some unluckier generation to fix , you can count on it .
We 've got a record of doing just that , and the strength , experience , judgment and backbone to keep our word to you .
You know , I 've been called a maverick ; someone who marches to the beat of his own drum .
Sometimes it 's meant as a compliment , and sometimes it 's not .
What it really means is I understand who I work for .
I do n't work for a party .
I do n't work for a special interest .
I do n't work for myself .
I work for you .
I 've fought corruption , and it did n't matter if the culprits were Democrats or Republicans .
They violated their public trust , and had to be held accountable .
I 've fought big spenders in both parties who waste your money on things you neither need nor want , while you struggle to buy groceries , fill your gas tank and make your mortgage payment .
I 've fought to get million - dollar checks out of our elections .
I 've fought lobbyists who stole from Indian tribes .
I fought crooked deals in the Pentagon .
I fought tobacco companies and trial lawyers , drug companies and union bosses .
I fought for the right strategy and more troops in Iraq , when it was n't a popular thing to do .
And when the pundits said my campaign was finished , I said I 'd rather lose an election than see my country lose a war .
Thanks to the leadership of a brilliant general , David Petraeus , and the brave men and women he has the honor to command , that strategy succeeded and rescued us from a defeat that would have demoralized our military , risked a wider war and threatened the security of all Americans .
I do n't mind a good fight .
For reasons known only to God , I 've had quite a few tough ones in my life .
But I learned an important lesson along the way .
In the end , it matters less that you can fight .
What you fight for is the real test .
I fight for Americans .
I fight for you .
I fight for Bill and Sue Nebe from Farmington Hills , Mich. , who lost their real estate investments in the bad housing market .
Bill got a temporary job after he was out of work for seven months .
Sue works three jobs to help pay the bills .
I fight for Jake and Toni Wimmer of Franklin County , Pa . Jake works on a loading dock , coaches Little League and raises money for the mentally and physically disabled .
Toni is a schoolteacher , working toward her master 's degree .
They have two sons ; the youngest , Luke , has been diagnosed with autism .
Their lives should matter to the people they elect to office .
They matter to me .
I fight for the family of Matthew Stanley of Wolfboro , N.H. , who died serving our country in Iraq .
I wear his bracelet and think of him every day .
I intend to honor their sacrifice by making sure the country their son loved so well and never returned to remains safe from its enemies .
I fight to restore the pride and principles of our party .
We were elected to change Washington , and we let Washington change us .
We lost the trust of the American people when some Republicans gave in to the temptations of corruption .
We lost their trust when rather than reform government , both parties made it bigger .
We lost their trust when instead of freeing ourselves from a dangerous dependence on foreign oil , both parties and Sen.
Obama passed another corporate welfare bill for oil companies .
We lost their trust when we valued our power over our principles .
We 're going to change that .
We 're going to recover the people 's trust by standing up again for the values Americans admire .
The party of Lincoln , Roosevelt and Reagan is going to get back to basics .
We believe everyone has something to contribute and deserves the opportunity to reach their God - given potential from the boy whose descendents arrived on the Mayflower to the Latina daughter of migrant workers .
We 're all God 's children , and we 're all Americans .
We believe in low taxes , spending discipline and open markets .
We believe in rewarding hard work and risk takers and letting people keep the fruits of their labor .
We believe in a strong defense , work , faith , service , a culture of life , personal responsibility , the rule of law and judges who dispense justice impartially and do n't legislate from the bench .
We believe in the values of families , neighborhoods and communities .
We believe in a government that unleashes the creativity and initiative of Americans .
Government that does n't make your choices for you , but works to make sure you have more choices to make for yourself .
I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can .
My opponent will raise them .
I will open new markets to our goods and services .
My opponent will close them .
I will cut government spending .
He will increase it .
My tax cuts will create jobs .
His tax increases will eliminate them .
My health care plan will make it easier for more Americans to find and keep good health care insurance .
His plan will force small businesses to cut jobs , reduce wages , and force families into a government - run health care system where a bureaucrat stands between you and your doctor .
Keeping taxes low helps small businesses grow and create new jobs .
Cutting the second - highest business tax rate in the world will help American companies compete and keep jobs from moving overseas .
Doubling the child tax exemption from $ 3,500 to $ 7,000 will improve the lives of millions of American families .
Reducing government spending and getting rid of failed programs will let you keep more of your own money to save , spend and invest as you see fit .
Opening new markets and preparing workers to compete in the world economy is essential to our future prosperity .
I know some of you have been left behind in the changing economy , and it often seems your government has n't even noticed .
Government assistance for unemployed workers was designed for the economy of the 1950s .
That 's going to change on my watch .
My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy .
We 're going to help workers who 've lost a job that wo n't come back find a new one that wo n't go away .
We will prepare them for the jobs of today .
We will use our community colleges to help train people for new opportunities in their communities .
For workers in industries that have been hard hit , we 'll help make up part of the difference in wages between their old job and a temporary , lower paid one while they receive retraining that will help them find secure new employment at a decent wage .
Education is the civil rights issue of this century .
Equal access to public education has been gained .
But what is the value of access to a failing school ?
We need to shake up failed school bureaucracies with competition , empower parents with choice , remove barriers to qualified instructors , attract and reward good teachers , and help bad teachers find another line of work .
When a public school fails to meet its obligations to students , parents deserve a choice in the education of their children .
And I intend to give it to them .
Some may choose a better public school .
Some may choose a private one .
Many will choose a charter school .
But they will have that choice , and their children will have that opportunity .
Sen .
Obama wants our schools to answer to unions and entrenched bureaucracies .
I want schools to answer to parents and students .
And when I 'm president , they will .
My fellow Americans , when I 'm president , we 're going to embark on the most ambitious national project in decades .
We are going to stop sending $ 700 billion a year to countries that do n't like us very much .
We will attack the problem on every front .
We will produce more energy at home .
We will drill new wells offshore , and we 'll drill them now .
We will build more nuclear power plants .
We will develop clean coal technology .
We will increase the use of wind , tide , solar and natural gas .
We will encourage the development and use of flex fuel , hybrid and electric automobiles .
Sen .
Obama thinks we can achieve energy independence without more drilling and without more nuclear power .
But Americans know better than that .
We must use all resources and develop all technologies necessary to rescue our economy from the damage caused by rising oil prices and to restore the health of our planet .
It 's an ambitious plan , but Americans are ambitious by nature , and we have faced greater challenges .
It 's time for us to show the world again how Americans lead .
This great national cause will create millions of new jobs , many in industries that will be the engine of our future prosperity ; jobs that will be there when your children enter the workforce .
Today , the prospect of a better world remains within our reach .
But we must see the threats to peace and liberty in our time clearly and face them , as Americans before us did , with confidence , wisdom and resolve .
We have dealt a serious blow to Al - Qaeda in recent years .
But they are not defeated , and they 'll strike us again if they can .
Iran remains the chief state sponsor of terrorism and on the path to acquiring nuclear weapons .
Russia 's leaders , rich with oil wealth and corrupt with power , have rejected democratic ideals and the obligations of a responsible power .
They invaded a small , democratic neighbor to gain more control over the world 's oil supply , intimidate other neighbors and further their ambitions of reassembling the Russian empire .
And the brave people of Georgia need our solidarity and prayers .
As president , I will work to establish good relations with Russia so we need not fear a return of the Cold War .
But we can't turn a blind eye to aggression and international lawlessness that threatens the peace and stability of the world and the security of the American people .
We face many threats in this dangerous world , but I 'm not afraid of them .
I 'm prepared for them .
I know how the military works , what it can do , what it can do better and what it should not do .
I know how the world works .
I know the good and the evil in it .
I know how to work with leaders who share our dreams of a freer , safer and more prosperous world , and how to stand up to those who do n't .
I know how to secure the peace .
When I was 5 years old , a car pulled up in front of our house .
A Navy officer rolled down the window , and shouted at my father that the Japanese had bombed Pearl Harbor .
I rarely saw my father again for four years .
My grandfather came home from that same war exhausted from the burdens he had borne , and died the next day .
In Vietnam , where I formed the closest friendships of my life , some of those friends never came home with me .
I hate war .
It is terrible beyond imagination .
I 'm running for president to keep the country I love safe , and prevent other families from risking their loved ones in war as my family has .
I will draw on all my experience with the world and its leaders , and all the tools at our disposal — diplomatic , economic , military and the power of our ideals — to build the foundations for a stable and enduring peace .
In America , we change things that need to be changed .
Each generation makes its contribution to our greatness .
The work that is ours to do is plainly before us .
We do n't need to search for it .
We need to change the way government does almost everything : from the way we protect our security to the way we compete in the world economy ; from the way we respond to disasters to the way we fuel our transportation network ; from the way we train our workers to the way we educate our children .
All these functions of government were designed before the rise of the global economy , the information technology revolution and the end of the Cold War .
We have to catch up to history , and we have to change the way we do business in Washington .
The constant partisan rancor that stops us from solving these problems is n't a cause , it 's a symptom .
It 's what happens when people go to Washington to work for themselves and not you .
Again and again , I 've worked with members of both parties to fix problems that need to be fixed .
That 's how I will govern as president .
I will reach out my hand to anyone to help me get this country moving again .
I have that record and the scars to prove it .
Sen . Obama does not .
Instead of rejecting good ideas because we did n't think of them first , let 's use the best ideas from both sides .
Instead of fighting over who gets the credit , let 's try sharing it .
This amazing country can do anything we put our minds to .
I will ask Democrats and independents to serve with me .
And my administration will set a new standard for transparency and accountability .
We 're going to finally start getting things done for the people who are counting on us , and I wo n't care who gets the credit .
I 've been an imperfect servant of my country for many years .
But I have been her servant first , last and always .
And I 've never lived a day , in good times or bad , that I did n't thank God for the privilege .
Long ago , something unusual happened to me that taught me the most valuable lesson of my life .
I was blessed by misfortune .
I mean that sincerely .
I was blessed because I served in the company of heroes , and I witnessed a thousand acts of courage , compassion and love .
On an October morning , in the Gulf of Tonkin , I prepared for my 23rd mission over North Vietnam .
I had n't any worry I would n't come back safe and sound .
I thought I was tougher than anyone .
I was pretty independent then , too .
I liked to bend a few rules and pick a few fights for the fun of it .
But I did it for my own pleasure ; my own pride .
I did n't think there was a cause more important than me .
Then I found myself falling toward the middle of a small lake in the city of Hanoi , with two broken arms , a broken leg and an angry crowd waiting to greet me .
I was dumped in a dark cell and left to die .
I did n't feel so tough anymore .
When they discovered my father was an admiral , they took me to a hospital .
They could n't set my bones properly , so they just slapped a cast on me .
When I did n't get better and was down to about a hundred pounds , they put me in a cell with two other Americans .
I could n't do anything .
I could n't even feed myself .
They did it for me .
I was beginning to learn the limits of my selfish independence .
Those men saved my life .
I was in solitary confinement when my captors offered to release me .
I knew why .
If I went home , they would use it as propaganda to demoralize my fellow prisoners .
Our Code said we could only go home in the order of our capture , and there were men who had been shot down before me .
I thought about it , though .
I was n't in great shape , and I missed everything about America .
But I turned it down .
A lot of prisoners had it worse than I did .
I 'd been mistreated before , but not as badly as others .
I always liked to strut a little after I 'd been roughed up to show the other guys I was tough enough to take it .
But after I turned down their offer , they worked me over harder than they ever had before .
For a long time .
And they broke me .
When they brought me back to my cell , I was hurt and ashamed , and I did n't know how I could face my fellow prisoners .
The good man in the cell next door , my friend , Bob Craner , saved me .
Through taps on a wall he told me I had fought as hard as I could .
No man can always stand alone .
And then he told me to get back up and fight again for our country and for the men I had the honor to serve with .
Because every day they fought for me .
I fell in love with my country when I was a prisoner in someone else 's .
I loved it not just for the many comforts of life here .
I loved it for its decency ; for its faith in the wisdom , justice and goodness of its people .
I loved it because it was not just a place , but an idea , a cause worth fighting for .
I was never the same again .
I was n't my own man anymore .
I was my country's .
I 'm not running for president because I think I 'm blessed with such personal greatness that history has anointed me to save our country in its hour of need .
My country saved me .
My country saved me , and I cannot forget it .
And I will fight for her for as long as I draw breath , so help me God .
If you find faults with our country , make it a better one .
If you 're disappointed with the mistakes of government , join its ranks and work to correct them .
Enlist in our armed forces .
Become a teacher .
Enter the ministry .
Run for public office .
Feed a hungry child .
Teach an illiterate adult to read .
Comfort the afflicted .
Defend the rights of the oppressed .
Our country will be the better , and you will be the happier .
Because nothing brings greater happiness in life than to serve a cause greater than yourself .
I 'm going to fight for my cause every day as your president .
I 'm going to fight to make sure every American has every reason to thank God , as I thank Him : that I 'm an American , a proud citizen of the greatest country on earth , and with hard work , strong faith and a little courage , great things are always within our reach .
Fight with me .
Fight with me .
Fight for what 's right for our country .
Fight for the ideals and character of a free people .
Fight for our children 's future .
Fight for justice and opportunity for all .
Stand up to defend our country from its enemies .
Stand up for each other ; for beautiful , blessed , bountiful America .
Stand up , stand up , stand up and fight .
Nothing is inevitable here .
We 're Americans , and we never give up .
We never quit .
We never hide from history .
We make history .
Thank you , and God bless you .
Mickey Rourke plays Randy " The Ram " Robinson , an ageing wrestler who just can't give up .
He loves the buzz of whipping up an audience , and I can totally understand that .
Most of the time , I play the bad guy .
It 's easier to make an audience hate you than love you .
When you 've got them hitting you with handbags and spitting , you know you 're doing a good job .
Everything about the film is accurate : the wrestlers bickering backstage , the day jobs behind shop counters , even the matches themselves .
I 'm always being told that " pro wrestling is all fake " , but nobody appreciates the effort it takes , both physical and mental .
As we see in the film , the winner is decided in advance , and some of the moves are planned .
But inside the ring , it 's about your physicality .
I 've broken my nose three times and I 've got three screws in my ankle .
We see Randy taking drugs , and yes , that 's accurate , too .
I 've never been involved with drugs , but I 've seen it plenty of times .
Wrestling is n't like competitive sprinting - the guys who use steroids do it to look better , because that 's what gets you the work .
The " combat zone " wrestling we see in the film , where the ring is full of barbed wire and broken glass , is a bit too extreme for my taste .
But I 've done table matches , where the first person thrown through a table in the middle of the ring loses .
Rourke is in good shape : he makes some impressive moves and looks like everything a wrestler should be .
I might even give his moves a go , next time I 'm in the ring .
Of course , I do n't know how many takes it took to get them right .
In live wrestling , you only have one chance .
Get it wrong and the crowd will tear you apart .
• Andy Boy Simmonz has been a professional wrestler for eight years .
The Wrestler is on general release .
Want to Lose Weight ?
Join a Support Group
If you are like many Americans , you are probably looking for a good way to lose a little weight .
There are countless diets to try , …
President - elect Barack Obama ’s EPA choice — Lisa P. Jackson — will lead the agency by the virtues of science and law , rather than political agendas .
Uh , finally !
[ social_buttons ]
If that alone was n’t enough to make me want to have her babies , she ’s been quoted for calling Bush ’s EPA the “ Emissions Permissions Agency ! ”
Uh , marry me now !
Seriously .
Jackson served as the Commissioner for the Department of Environmental Protection for the state of New Jersey for about two years , and is currently the state ’s Chief of Staff .
Though her rule has come under fire .
According to an interview at Grist , “ The split seems to be between those who work on energy and climate policy in the state ’s capital [ who were supportive of Jackson ] and those who work on toxic cleanups at the local level [ who were critical of her ] . ”
But during Jackson ’s Senate confirmation hearing she went on to say , “ Political appointees will not compromise the integrity of the EPA ’s technical experts to advance particular regulatory outcomes . ”
The tone of her hearing focused on how the Bush - run EPA not only sucked , but that it had frequent disregard for scientific findings .
One key point she made had to do with California ’s request to set its own pollution standards should be re-reviewed .
In December of last year , EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson overruled California ’s request , stating that permits under the Clean Air Act can not limit greenhouse gases .
In response , California and 16 other states filed suit with the federal government based on the ruling .
New Jersey is one of those states .
I do hope that Jackson is much less of a tool than Johnson turned out to be .
Image : © Fintastiqu … | Dreamstime.com
You ’re not supposed to kick a guy when he ’s down .
Of course , in reality , when he ’s down is the perfect time to kick him .
He ’s closer to your feet , for one thing .
But the particular kicking I have in mind should be thought of as tough love .
These kicks at the freshly defeated McCain - Palin ticket , as I write in early November , are an attempt to knock some sense back into the group of my fellow Americans who seem determined to ignore or even denigrate valuable scientific research because it ’s something outside the realm of Joe the Plumber ’s daily activities .
So let ’s review .
During the presidential campaign , Senator John McCain repeatedly attacked a specific bit of federal funding to study bear DNA .
“ You know , we spent $ 3 million to study the DNA of bears in Montana .
I do n’t know if that was a criminal issue or a paternal issue , ” he said in his first debate with Senator Barack Obama .
( That attempt at humor went over like an iridium balloon , which is denser than a lead balloon . )
As an article published in February on the Scientific American Web site showed , the money ( actually closer to $ 5 million since 2003 ) is paying for an accurate population count of grizzlies living on the eight million acres of the Northern Continental Divide Ecosystem .
Says biologist Richard Mace of Montana Fish , Wildlife & Parks ,
“ We have a federal law called the Endangered Species Act , and [ under this law ] the federal government is supposed to help identify and conserve threatened species . ”
The first step to protect endangered grizzlies is to know how many there are .
A reliable — and safe — way to do that is to set up barbed wire stations that grab fur as a grizzly wanders by .
The researchers retrieve the fur and analyze the DNA to count individuals .
Some bear haters , such as comic commentator Stephen Colbert , may question the need to save the grizzlies in the first place .
But unless the Endangered Species
Act is changed , federal law requires this expenditure .
Strike one .
In the second debate McCain attacked Obama for voting for funding that included what the Arizona senator called “ $ 3 million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago , Illinois .
My friends , do we need to spend that kind of money ? ”
Well , yes .
( Three Chicago - area Republican members of the House of Representatives thought so , too . )
It ’s possible that the last time McCain attended a science talk the lecturer put transparencies on an overhead projector , state - of - the - art multimedia equipment half a century ago .
But this projector , meant for the world - renowned Adler Planetarium , is somewhat different .
It ’s a star projection system , of course .
The planetarium issued a statement after that debate : “ To clarify , the Adler Planetarium requested federal support — which was not funded — to replace the projector in its historic Sky Theater , the first planetarium theater in the Western Hemisphere .
The Adler ’s Zeiss Mark VI projector — not an overhead projector — is the instrument that re-creates the night sky in a dome theater , the quintessential planetarium experience .
The Adler ’s projector is nearly 40 years old and is no longer supported with parts or service by the manufacturer . ”
I do n’t know how many kids started a life - long interest in science at a sky show at a planetarium , but I bet we hear from some of you out there .
Swing and a miss , strike two .
Then came the coup de graceless .
On October 24 vice presidential candidate Governor Sarah Palin took on what looked through her designer eyeglasses like silly pork - barrel spending by the U.S. : “ Some of these pet projects , they really do n’t make a whole lot of sense , and sometimes , these dollars , they go to projects having little or nothing to do with the public good .
Things like fruit - fly research in Paris , France .
I kid you not . ”
Never mind that fruit - fly research has brought us modern genetics and molecular biology .
The particular earmark in question was some $ 211,000 to a laboratory in Montpelier , France , with long experience studying ways to protect olive trees from fruit flies .
And the little pests are threatening California ’s olive crop — with a retail value estimated in 2005 at $ 85 million .
So this money might be looked at by anybody with business savvy as an investment .
I kid you not .
Oh , and strike three .
Science and technology are probably going to be the driving forces that lift us out of the economic hole we ’re in .
The Obama campaign had an entire science advisory team that included two Nobel laureates , Harold Varmus and Peter Agre .
The McCain campaign did not have a dedicated science adviser .
Future Republican presidential candidates : come to the clean energy –powered , low - wattage , high - lumen light .
It beats cursing the darkness .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Flies and Projectors and Bears , Oh My " .
Some of SpY 's pieces are “ classics ” in my book .
Hailing from Madrid , SpY is a famous urban artist that uses many different mediums .
His work consists in the playful reappropriation of urban elements , that he replicates or transforms , and then installs in the street .
SpY 's pieces are meant to shake up the equilibrium of an urban dweller .
His work is full of irony and a positive sense of humor and seek to inspire a smile and a thought .
Love your work SpY – keep it up !
SpY 's website More Sweet Urban Art : URBAN SPOTLIGHT – BANKSY Banksy Puts Away the Spray Paint and Opens Up a “ Village Pet Store And Charcoal Grill ” in NYC Cityscope – An Urban Kaleidoscope : Cologne , Germany ( 8 photos ) Gutter Art – The 6emeia Project : So Paulo , Brazil Seven Sexy Neon Illustrations by Surround : Venezuela ( NSFW )
The Observer views 2009 with optimism and dread .
It depends on the day .
What 's raising my spirits exponentially are visions of the enforcement of Question 2 , the referendum approved in November that reduces the penalty for possession of an ounce or less of marijuana from a criminal offense to a giggle .
Question 2 went into effect the day before yesterday .
On first inspection , the law looks swell .
Anyone over room temperature IQ knows that the criminal prosecution of someone with some dope in his pocket is lunacy .
And the mere idea that someone could lose a student loan or flunk a job application because of a dope record is appalling .
Better still , the vast amount of money we spend busting and prosecuting people for illegal marijuana possession can now be devoted to chasing the real baddies .
While the goals are admirable , the law 's implementation belongs in Chapter 2 of " Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland , " the one where she says , " Let me see : four times five is twelve , and four times six is thirteen . . . "
It will be the source of much levity and , I predict , end up in a Letterman monologue .
What the passage of Question 2 does is raise a blizzard of brain teasers best addressed by Talmudic scholars .
My favorite will be the means by which police officers determine if the marijuana found on someone is more than an ounce .
A woman in media relations at the Boston Police Department told me last week that officers are trained at the police academy to use their discretion about what 's an ounce and what 's over an ounce .
Whatever that means .
I envision something along these lines :
" Frank , does this look over a lid to you ?
" No , Jimmy , it actually looks light for a lid .
Back in the day , I 'd have called the guy on it before I bought any .
I always had my scale handy . "
" Yeah , but you do n't have a scale .
I do n't have a scale .
Nobody has a scale . "
" So what do we do ? "
" Rock paper scissors . "
" Bingo . "
The civil penalty for possessing an ounce of dope or less for personal use is now a feather light hundred dollar fine - the price of a ticket for parking in front of a Boston fire hydrant .
If you believe it 's crazy to bother anyone carrying dope , then let 's can the fines and legalize the stuff .
But if you believe that smoking marijuana is a bad idea , that it is a gateway drug to heavier stuff , then we need a civil penalty consistent with that message .
I 'm thinking the fine should start at , say , $ 300 , rise to $ 500 for the second citation and hit at a grand for a trifecta .
What we 've got now is the worst of both worlds .
The Australian technology industry is starting to fight back against the government plan to force all ISPs to filter everyone 's internet access .
Michael Malone , boss of iiNet , an Australian ISP with 700,000 customers , said his firm would take part in the trial , but only in order to show the government how stupid it was .
Malone described communications minister Stephen Conroy as the worst minister in the internet 's 15 - year history .
The scheme would force ISPs to offer two types of internet access - one filtered for children and one filtered for adult Australians .
Conroy did not help his cause with a muddled performance in the Australian Senate .
Conroy said the pilot would filter a blacklist from the Australian Communications and Media Authority as well as " other unwanted content " .
ACMA 's blacklist includes 1,300 web addresses and another 10,000 would be added to this list .
But he failed to answer Senator Scott Ludlam 's question as to what " unwanted " meant .
The trial will test the impact on internet speeds as well as costs for providers .
Conroy said the government was aware of technical concerns and happy to have an open debate .
He urged the industry to step forward and engage with government .
For his part Malone said he would join the " ridiculous " trial only in order to show the government that the filter would be simple to bypass , would not check peer - to - peer traffic and would slow network speeds .
Malone told the Sydney Morning Herald : " They 're not listening to the experts , they 're not listening to the industry , they 're not listening to consumers , so perhaps some hard numbers will actually help .
" Every time a kid manages to get through this filter , we 'll be publicising it and every time it blocks legitimate content , we 'll be publicising it . "
The trial is due to start on Christmas Eve . ®
RecordMyDesktop is a tool to create screencasts in Linux easily .
A screencast is a video capture of your desktop – a video equivalent of a screenshot .
Install RecordMyDesktop
You can install RecordMyDesktop in Red Hat / Fedora systems using the command …
yum install recordmydesktop
For debian / ubuntu systems , I am guessing that the package name does not change ( can anyone confirm this ? ) .
The command in this case is …
apt - get install recordmydesktop
Creating a Screencast
First start the application – that ’s in Menu > Multimedia > gtk-recordMyDesktop .
There will be a small image of your desktop inside this application – drag a rectangle inside this preview area to select the record area .
Once the selection is made , there will be a bigger rectangle on your screen highlighting the record area .
Only the space within this area will be captured .
Now press the Record button to begin your recording .
You will notice that you have a new icon in the system bar – something like this …
When this icon is a gray square , that means its recording .
You can end the recording by left clicking on this icon .
This show a new window that will show the status of encoding of the captured video .
Depending on the size and length of the captured video ( and your processor speed ) , this might take a long time .
Once this process is completed , you will be shown the main window once again .
Now click on the ‘ Save As ’ button to save the file as a ogg Theora video file .
That ’s it – you have created your first linux screencast !
Congratulations !
Feel free to play around in the application – and make some screencasts .
One you have done that , upload it to youtube – and post the URL in the comments .
A Screencast
Here is my first screencast .
A screencast that shows you how to create a screencast using recordMyDesktop .
The background music is ‘ Recursion ’ by Michael David Crawford – I thought it was appropriate .
Links
Barclays shares rose more than 25 per cent today after an open letter from the bank 's under - pressure bosses helped settle investor nerves .
Chairman Marcus Agius and chief executive John Varley wrote the letter to " address the principal causes of concern which we are hearing " .
Barclays shares have tumbled for the past fortnight and the bank lost almost half of its value last week amid fears that it will have to turn to the Government for funding help .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But Mr Agius and Mr Varley said Barclays would not need to ask the Government for any financial assistance .
Barclays shunned a taxpayer bail - out last year , but has raised more than £ 7 billion through a fundraising which leaves almost a third of the bank in the hands of Middle East investors .
The letter , released through the stock market this morning , said the capital raising gave Barclays more than the required funds to provide a buffer against future losses .
Barclays had " confidence that our capital resources are sufficient to manage Barclays safely and prudently even in these difficult markets " , it added .
" Our starting point is that Barclays has £ 36 billion of committed equity capital and reserves ; we are well - funded , and we are profitable .
" However , we know that our stakeholders want to see the detailed figures for 2008 as quickly as possible . "
The bank will now release its financial results early , on February 9 , and the letter said profits would be " well ahead " of the £ 5.3 billion forecast in the City .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Agius and Mr Varley said the bank would announce write - downs amounting to £ 8 billion from the credit market exposures of Barclays Capital in its upcoming financial report .
" These figures demonstrate that although we have been heavily impacted by the credit crunch , our income generation was at a record level in 2008 and has enabled us to withstand this impact and still produce strong profits , " the letter said .
It added that , in the interest of clarity , the bank would provide " extensive details " of the write - downs .
The letter welcomed the Government 's most recent banking bail - out package , particularly the planned insurance scheme which would provide guarantees for bank lending .
Mr Agius and Mr Varley said Barclays had had a " good start to 2009 " , although they predicted that the global economy would remain weak .
The letter said Barclays Capital had benefited from the integration of Lehman Brothers and had an " extremely strong " performance in the first month of the year .
The assurance comes just two weeks after Barclays said it planned to cut around 2,100 jobs in its global investment banking , Barclays Capital , and Barclays Global Investors businesses .
Barclays also plans to cut a similar number of workers from its retail and commercial banking division .
Shares in the other major banks also saw rises this morning .
Lloyds Banking Group - created from the merger of HBOS and Lloyds TSB - saw a rise of almost 20 per cent , while Royal Bank of Scotland was up around 12 per cent .
Both banks experienced devastating losses last week in the wake of the second Government bail out .
RBS , which is due to be 70 per cent owned by the Government , plunged 67 per cent last Monday .
The sell - off was quickly followed by an attack on Lloyds shares after market talk that the group could be next in line to become majority - owned by the Government .
Lloyds is currently 43 per cent owned by the state .
Investors fear the upcoming season of banking results will unearth more hefty write - downs .
RBS fuelled these worries when it said last week that it expected to reveal the biggest losses ever seen in UK corporate history .
The bank said its bad debts and write - downs on the value of past acquisitions could put it as much as £ 28 billion in the red - higher than the current record of £ 15 billion set by mobile phone group Vodafone in 2006 .
Golf is one of those games where business nearly equals pleasure .
It ’s the sport of choice for corporate czars and tycoons : Bill Gates has shanked and scuffed his way to billion - dollar deals on the golf course .
“ Golf is a powerful networking tool when used properly .
Top executives in many parts of the world know that once you get a potential client on to the golf course , you can learn all about them .
Inevitably it leads to a business relationship .
It ’s a bond based on competition and rivalry … and friendship , ” says Jamie Cunningham , founder of the Corporate Masters tournament and managing director of Professional Sports Group .
It ’s easy to see why : top executives would be loath to clear their schedules for a five - hour meeting , but more than willing to play a game of golf .
Business need not even be mentioned , until one is at the clubhouse – the 19th hole – which is when most deals are closed .
Cunningham recalls the time he worked with Mark McCormack , IMG founder and the man who invented sports marketing as we know it today .
McCormack set up a golf game between top Ryder Cup golfer Bernhard Langer who was brand ambassador for Mercedes Benz and the then Japanese ambassador to Germany .
That game directly resulted in upping the quota of imported Mercedes cars in Japan .
Cunningham ’s own Middle East Corporate Masters tournament held in the UK is a corporate networking event par excellence .
The British telecom company O2 used it as a platform to introduce their services to business leaders , with its corporate sales director closing £ 5 million worth of business during the event .
Closer home , Leisurecorp sold significant amounts of real estate on the back of the Middle East Corporate Masters as its title sponsor .
Donald Trump once declared that some of his biggest business decisions were made on a golf course .
The real estate mogul simply uses his playing companion ’s on - course behaviour to decide whether he would be a worthwhile business associate .
Read
“ After 18 holes of golf and spending time on the 19th hole , doing actual business is like playing the 20th hole , ” he says .
Cunningham agrees .
“ There ’s no question that you know more about the person when you play golf together – it ’s a very individual game , you discover how they handle success and failure , and whether they are the people that you would want to do business with . ”
As for the etiquettes to be followed while doing business on the course , Cunningham is a great believer in being who you are .
“ Stick to the rules of the game .
I do n’t believe in letting the opponent win – it ’s a bit condescending .
A competitive round of golf is enjoyable irrespective of whether you win or lose .
If a client relationship hinges on the fact that you let the client win , it perhaps does not augur well for the long - term prospects . ”
One of the most fruitful ways of expanding your network is participating in corporate events .
Generally , each sponsor and organiser invites their top clients from within the local business community .
While corporate golf is mostly about relaxing and closing deals , what makes it special for professional golfers is the opportunity to find corporate sponsors at the Pro - Am .
All one needs to do is pop the question to your multi-millionaire playing partner at the right time … preferably after he has made his first birdie on the 17th hole .
Golf could even be a perfect metaphor for business .
After all , it takes pretty much the same skills to succeed at either : stick to the rules while taking risks , show integrity and honesty , establish personal trust to develop long - term relationships , and look the part .
In these tough times , golf ’s other big life lesson is the importance of planning ahead .
You do n’t simply play one shot at a time but anticipate and strategise for the course , a sure - shot method to definitely lower your handicap .
So why is golf the sport of international business ?
In a word , relationships .
No other sport , participative or spectator , lends itself to developing lasting professional bonds like golf does .
Not all deals are closed on the greens or even at the clubhouse .
A round of golf can just be that , a good game with a fellow enthusiast .
You win some , you lose some .
There are multimillionaires who do n’t take the game seriously at all – golfers like Chicago Bulls superstar Michael Jordan , who , if rumours are to be believed , makes more money betting on golf courses during Pro-Ams than Nike pays him as product endorsement fee .
There are other champs like Lance Armstrong who gave up on golf , because it was n’t helping his self - esteem .
But he is vastly outnumbered by the legions of masochists – including Bill Gates , Donald Trump , Jack Welch and Warren Buffet – who will battle the elements for half a day , humiliated by a little dimpled ball and yet come back for more .
Cunningham captures it in a nutshell , “ Golf is the perfect combination and the equal playing field for the business world today . ”
These businesses love golf
The now weakening automobile sector has sponsored a majority of tournaments on various professional Tours and corporate circuits in the past .
Mercedes has taken a pride of place on the US PGA
Tour by taking the title rights of this winners - only tournament ; they also have the Mercedes Championship on the European Tour .
Buick ( Tiger Woods ’ personal sponsor ) , Chrysler and Ford were all major sponsors on the US PGA Tour .
BMW have a presence on both sides of the pond .
Volvo has strong connections with the European and Asian PGA Tours .
Banks and consulting firms are two other big sponsors of golf , worldwide .
Deustche Bank was a big sponsor on the US PGA Tour .
American Express is associated with the $ 8 million World Golf Championship event , while HSBC hosts the HSBC Champions , one of the biggest events in Asia .
Golf makes sense to electronics and telecom giants as well : Sony , Nokia , AT&T , luxury watchmakers Rolex and Omega are all big supporters of golf .
Airlines derive a lot of marketing benefits tying up with the game : Emirates is one of the biggest sponsors in the category , and while it may not sponsor an event , it is widely present in various events as the official airlines .
The tourism authorities of various states and countries like Scotland , Ireland , Thailand , Singapore , Australia , China and several others have joined hands with leading international tournaments in their countries .
They not only back up the tournaments financially , but also do several promotional activities around the event .
Israel has admitted – after mounting pressure – that its troops may have used white phosphorus shells in contravention of international law , during its three - week offensive in the Gaza Strip .
One of the places most seriously affected by the use of white phosphorus was the main UN compound in Gaza City , which was hit by three shells on 15 January .
The same munition was used in a strike on the al - Quds hospital in Gaza City the same day .
Under review by Colonel Shai Alkalai is the use of white phosphorus by a reserve paratroop brigade in northern Israel .
According to army sources the brigade fired up to 20 phosphorus shells in a heavily built - up area around the Gaza township of Beit Lahiya , one of the worst hit areas of Gaza .
The internal inquiry – which the army says does not have the status of the full investigation demanded by human rights groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights
Watch – follows weeks of fighting in which Israel either denied outright that it was using phosphorus - based weapons , or insisted that what weapons it was using " were in line with international law " .
Dr Ahmed Almi from the al - Nasser hospital in Khan Yunis describes serious injuries and chemical burns , with victims covered in a white powder that continues to burn long after initial exposure International Solidarity Movement
Phosphorus is a toxic chemical agent that burns on contact with air and creates thick white smokes in order to hide troop movements .
However phosphorus shells are largely indiscriminate scattering large numbers of fragments over a large area , which can cause severe damage to both human tissue and property .
As the Guardian reported yesterday , Palestinian doctors have reported treating dozens of cases of suspected phosphorus burns .
According to senior IDF officers , quoted today in the Ha'aretz newspaper , the Israeli military made use of two different types of phosphorus munitions .
The first , they insisted , was contained in 155 mm artillery shells , and contained " almost no phosphorus " except for a trace to ignite the smoke screen .
The second munitions , at the centre of the inquiry by Col Alkalai , are standard phosphorus shells – both 88 mm and 120 mm – fired from mortars .
About 200 of these shells were fired during Israel 's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza , and of these – say the IDF – 180 were fired on Hamas fighters and rocket launch crews in northern Gaza .
Alkalai is investigating the circumstances in which the remaining 20 shells were fired , amid compelling evidence on the ground that phosphorus munitions were involved in the attack on a UN warehouse and a UN school .
The mortar system is guided by GPS and according to Israel a failure of the targeting system may have been responsible for civilian deaths .
However , critics point out the same explanation was used for mis-targeting deaths in Beit Hanoun in Gaza in 2006 .
The brigade 's officers , however , added that the shells were fired only at places that had been positively identified as sources of enemy fire .
The use of phosphorus as an incendiary weapon as it now appears to have been used against Hamas fighters – as opposed to a smoke screen – is covered by the Convention of Certain Conventional Weapons to which Israel in not a signatory .
However , Israel also is obliged under the Geneva Conventions and customary international humanitarian law to give due care to protecting the civilian population when deciding on appropriate military targeting and response to hostile fire , particularly in heavily built up areas with a strict prohibition on the use of indiscriminate force .
" They obviously could not have gone on denying the use of phosphorus , " Donatella Rovera , Amnesty researcher for Israel and the Occupied Territories , told the Guardian yesterday .
" There are still phosphorus wedges burning all over Gaza including at the UN compound and at the school .
" It is clear they are not using it as smoke screen as they claimed .
They used it in areas where they had no forces , and there are much less problematic smoke screens that they could have used . "
Amnesty on Monday warned that Israel could be guilty of war crimes , saying the use of the shells in a civilian areas was " clear and undeniable " .
Rovera demanded too that Israel produce clear evidence that there were fighters in the areas it says its troops were fired upon when the phosphorus munitions were fired .
The admission that the shells may have been used improperly follows yesterday 's demand by the UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon for an investigation into the targeting of UN facilities – including by phosphorus weapons .
It also follows the decision by the IDF to protect the names of battalion and brigade commanders who participated in Operation Cast Lead .
According to Israel Army Radio on Wednesday the decision – ordered by defence minister Ehud Barak – was made in anticipation that war crimes charges may be filed against IDF officers , who could face prosecution when they travel overseas .
Most people in America are plenty familiar with Hollywood and the various sexy actresses that appear in the movies it produces .
Unfortunately , most Americans are not familiar with Bollywood , India ’s version of Hollywood and a source of many of the world ’s beauties .
Let ’s try to rectify that a bit by meeting some of the hottest women Bollywood has to offer .
If you ’re not familiar , Bollywood is the informal term popularly used for the Mumbai - based Hindi- language film industry in India .
The term is often incorrectly used to refer to the whole of Indian cinema .
There is a substantial amount of India ’s cinema that is not included in the term Bollywood .
That means that a number of great looking women were not eligible for this list .
For one example , look to your left at Brinda Parekh .
However , Bollywood is the largest part of the Indian film industry and one of the largest in the world .
The women of Bollywood are generally from India , although there are exceptions .
Remember this is a country of over a billion people , so there ’s plenty of women to choose from .
For reference , India is almost quadruple the population of the United States .
Many of the women on this list got their start in models and beauty pageants .
There ’s a few Miss Indias and at least one Miss World and one Miss Universe in these rankings .
In fact , India has had an amazing run of success in international pageants , reflecting the great beauty of their women .
If you ’re looking for future faces of Bollywood , one might start with current Miss India Parvathy Omanakuttan .
You can check out pictures of her in our Miss World 2008 post .
Or maybe you ’ll simply enjoy a picture of the Miss India runner - up , Simran Kaur Mundi .
I ’ve posted one to the right for your viewing pleasure .
The future prospects look good .
Of note is that there has been a growing presence of Indian English in Bollywood films .
It is not uncommon to see films that feature dialogue with English words and phrases , even whole sentences .
There are also a growing number of films made entirely in English .
Maybe we will soon see a blending of the two hemispheres with more of these women in films that can easily be seen in the United States .
Until that time , however , you can enjoy these rankings and get to know some women you might not yet know of ( click on image or name for a full gallery and background on each girl ) :
Footage of white phosphorus in Gaza International Solidarity Movement
Doctors in Gaza described today how they had struggled to treat dozens of patients with terrible and unusually deadly burns consistent with white phosphorus weapons , during Israel 's three - week war in Gaza .
Nafiz Abu Shabaan , head of the burns unit at Shifa hospital and the most senior burns surgeon in Gaza , said 60 to 70 patients had died in his unit during the war from severe burns that were unlike any injury he had previously seen .
Patients with only relatively small burn injuries , which ought to be survivable , were dying unexpectedly .
His account , along with evidence from survivors , corroborates mounting evidence from groups such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International that the Israeli military fired phosphorus shells into populated areas of Gaza in direct violation of international humanitarian law .
Amnesty said it believes Israel is guilty of a war crime .
White phosphorus is allowed to be used as a smokescreen on the battlefield in certain situations , but its use in civilian areas is prohibited under United Nations conventions .
The Israeli military has at times denied using white phosphorus , and at other times has said only that it uses weapons " in compliance with international law " .
Yesterday the military said it would launch an internal investigation .
Israel 's Ma'ariv newspaper reported yesterday that the Israeli military had now admitted using phosphorus munitions , but only in open areas .
Abu Shabaan , who was trained in Egypt , Britain and the United States and has been head of the Shifa burns unit for 15 years , said he and his staff had been stunned by the " unusual wounds " they found .
" It starts with small patches and in hours it becomes wide and deep and in some cases it reaches the point where even the general condition of the patient deteriorates rapidly and unexpectedly , " he said .
Doctors had noticed a " very bad odour from the wound , " he said .
In many cases patients also suffered unexpected and severe toxicity , and had to be rushed into intensive care .
In one case , a consultant anaesthetist suffered minor burns on his chest after burning material sprayed from within a patient 's wounds during an ­operation .
Small burns were causing death .
" A patient with 15 % burns should not die , but we are seeing cases with 15 % burns where they are dying , " Abu Shabaan said .
He believed , based on what he had read and what foreign doctors helping at the hospital had told him , that the wounds were consistent with phosphorus .
He described one patient , a three - year - old girl , who was sent for a scan because of a head wound : " After about two hours she came back , we opened the wound , and smoke came out from the wound , " he said .
Surgeons used forceps to pull out a substance from the wound that was " like dense cotton and it started to burn , " he said .
" The piece continued to burn until it disappeared . "
The child , who was from Atatra , in Beit Lahiya , in northern Gaza , died .
In the Shifa burns unit yesterday , Sabbah Abu Halima described how her house , also in Atatra , had been hit early in the war by several shells which killed her husband , Sa'ad Allah , and four of their children : Abdul Rahim , 14 , Zayid , 10 , Hamza , eight , and Shahed , who was 15 months old .
She herself suffered severe burns to her right arm , abdomen , left leg and her feet , burns which doctors said appeared to be consistent with white phosphorus .
There were 16 members of the family in the house when an Israeli shell landed outside , close to a bedroom .
Sa'ad Allah gathered his four children around him and they ran to another part of the house .
A second shell then hit their living room , killing Sa'ad Allah and the three boys immediately .
Another shell then landed , knocking Sabbah to the ground .
" I fell on the ground and there was a fire .
The room was full of smoke and it smelt very bad .
Three times I heard my daughter say ' Mama , mama , mama ' , but I could n't see her , " she said .
The infant daughter , Shahed , collapsed and died .
Sabbah's own clothes were burning and she rolled on the floor trying to put out the fire before she was pulled out of the house and rushed to hospital by her relatives .
Her wounds were smoking for several hours .
Two others from the family were killed as they tried to retrieve the bodies .
Their corpses , along with the body of Shahed , were recovered on 8 January by medics from the Red Cross and the Palestinian Red Crescent .
The decomposing bodies of Sa'ad Allah and his three sons were only found a week later .
The Israeli strike on the warehouses in the main UN compound in Gaza City last Thursday was also believed to be the result of three white phosphorus shells .
Small pieces of burning material were seen at the site hours after the blast .
Yesterday the remains of hundreds of tonnes of food and aid in the warehouses were still smouldering .
The jagged remains of 155 mm artillery shell lay outside .
Doctors at the Shifa are now keeping two tissue biopsies from each patient .
" We are asking for international organisations to send experts to investigate and test to know the type of weapons that have been used , and to tell us how to deal with this type of injury , " Abu Shabaan said .
" I have been here since 1985 working in the burns unit and head of department for 15 years and I have never seen something like this . "
What is white phosphorus ?
White phosphorus weapons are 155 mm artillery shells containing 116 white phosphorus wedges .
When the shell explodes it spreads the wedges over several hundred square metres .
They ignite on contact with the air and burn at more than 800C .
When they touch human skin they burn to the bone , causing terrible injuries and forcing doctors to excise large areas of flesh to prevent the burn spreading .
Using white phosphorous is not illegal .
It can be used as an incendiary weapon , to set fire to military targets , to mark military targets , or to spread smoke .
However , its use is strictly limited under UN conventions and international humanitarian law .
Fundamental rules stipulate civilians must be protected , and that attacks must not cause " disproportionate " damage to civilians and civilian objects .
Particular care must be taken when using white phosphorus weapons and they cannot be used as an incendiary weapon against a military target that is not clearly separated from civilian areas .
SACRAMENTO , Calif .-- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Wednesday that he 'll restart stalled budget talks with legislative leaders in hopes of getting a quick deficit - cutting agreement that would save the state from having to issue IOUs to vendors and taxpayers expecting refunds .
" Everyone makes New Year 's resolutions , " Schwarzenegger told reporters during a news conference .
" So here 's a chance to say , ' Let 's start a new year here .
We have a huge budget deficit .
We have three weeks before we go off the cliff and before we have to hand out those IOUs .
Let 's do it . " '
The Republican governor said he would meet Thursday with the two top Democrats and two leading Republicans to try to reach an agreement before the state is forced to start issuing promissory notes and laying off some state workers in February .
California has not resorted to IOUs since the 1992 budget crisis , when Pete Wilson was governor .
Back then , about 100,000 state employees got IOUs instead of paychecks for two months until the state approved a budget .
The 1992 crisis came during summer , well past the tax season , but at least 12,000 tax refunds were also issued as IOUs , according to a report in the Los Angeles Times .
State workers filed a lawsuit , arguing the IOUs violated the federal Fair Labor Standards Act .
They were awarded damages .
In this current cash crisis , the California Controller 's office expects that hourly state employees would continue to receive paychecks .
But IOUs could be issued to elected state officials , including legislators and judges , and their appointed staff , some 1700 in all , " as well as tax refunds owed to individuals and businesses , " according to aide Hallye Jordan .
Even without a deficit resolution , issuing IOUs is not the only option for tax refunds .
The state could simply delay payment .
Under the law , it has until May 30 , Jordan said .
In 1992 , banks honored the state 's IOUs , cashing them on demand , and then receiving an additional 5 percent from the state when it made good on the obligations .
In effect , the IOUs served the state as unsecured bridge loans from banks .
But this time around , with credit tight and banks still feeling the impact of the fall meltdown in the financial services industry , it is not yet clear how banks will respond .
Schwarzenegger called Wednesday 's news conference a day after vetoing an $ 18 billion deficit - cutting package passed by Democrats .
Schwarzenegger said the Democratic plan was short on spending cuts and failed to roll back environmental reviews to speed up job - creating public works projects .
The governor and Democrats want a combination of spending cuts and tax increases to deal with a deficit that is projected to reach $ 42 billion over the next 18 months , but Republicans have balked at any tax hikes .
Democrats need at least three Republican votes in each house to put together the two - thirds majorities required to pass tax increases .
Democrats attempted to get around that requirement in their $ 18 billion package by raising some taxes , cutting others and imposing a new fee on gasoline sales .
Republican lawmakers and taxpayer groups filed a lawsuit this week against the Democratic plan , contending it violated the two - thirds vote requirement .
Schwarzenegger recently released his own budget fix to cover the next 1½ years .
He proposed $ 14.3 billion in tax increases and other new revenue , $ 17.4 billion in spending cuts and $ 10 billion in borrowing .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 December 12
Lick Observatory Moonrise
Credit & Copyright : Rick Baldridge
Explanation :
As viewed from a well chosen location at sunset , October 's gorgeous Full Moon rose behind Mount Hamilton , east of San Jose , California .
Captured in this lovely telescopic view , historic Lick Observatory is perched on the mountain 's 4,200 foot summit , observatory and rising Moon momentarily sharing the warm color of filtered sunlight .
Of course , tonight those blessed with clear skies can also enjoy a glorious Full Moon .
In fact , tonight 's Moon reaches its full phase at 1637 UT , within only a few hours of perigee , the closest point in its elliptical orbit .
The close approach really will make December 's Full Moon the largest Full Moon of 2008 , even when it rises high above the horizon .
World
Reuters
Two more cases of African swine fever ( ASF ) have been confirmed in wild boars in the eastern German state of Brandenburg , with one found outside the area of the first discoveries , the federal agriculture ministry said on Wednesday .
One new discovery was confirmed in the Maerkisch - Oderland district in Brandenburg outside of the area close to the Polish border where the first cases were found , the ministry said .
“ The state of Brandenburg must now undertake an appropriate adaptation of the existing protection zones and protection measures to prevent a further expansion of the disease , ” the ministry said .
Information on this site is compiled by the author and contributors .
The author and contributors are not responsible for how this information is used or any allergic reactions that may occur from using information provided on this site .
The content on this blog should not be considered medical advice .
Please note that despite the utmost care in research and follow up , miscommunication can still occur and ingredients may change without notification from sources .
If you have different information on a menu item or product please send an email to administrator@goeggless.com .
All posts are © 2008 , Go Eggless .
All rights reserved .
a console in recovery mode .
You can press alt+x to exit out of the recovery program and go directly to a console .
the ADP1 build is now based on the ADP1.1 firmware .
See this thread for information about the changes in ADP1.1
the ADP1 build now includes .odex files for all of the system apks and jars .
This means that you will have more space available in / data for all of your apps and caches , although less space available in / system
busybox 's vi should now save files correctly , instead of saving them as blank files
Code : ctrl search caps lock menu ( on the keyboard ) arrow keys call + w , a,s , d change virtual console call + 1,2,3...0 scroll console home + w , s page up menu ( above the trackball ) + w page down menu ( above the trackball ) + s home menu ( above the trackball ) + a end menu ( above the trackball ) + d escape back reboot menu ( above the trackball ) + search + backspace
you have installed my modified recovery image in the past
you have an ADP1
you currently have one of my modified firmwares installed
Many more commands are available to use on the terminal .
busybox is included , to provide standard commands like cp , grep , less , more , vi , sed , cp.. etc .
A secure way to get root access , through Koush 's superuser application .
To get root , open up terminal emulator and type su .
A new window will open asking if you want to allow root access .
Click " Yes " or " Always " , and it will go back to the terminal emulator , and you 'll have root access
A number of useful kernel modules that you can use .
For example , ext2 , cifs , and a host of others
A full phone backup utility .
Boot into recovery mode with home + power , and then press alt+b to perform a backup .
It stores the backup as .img files in a subfolder of the nandroid folder of your sdcard .
To restore the backup , you have to have the engineering spl or hardspl installed , and then flash the images with the fastboot utility
ota updates are disabled .
This is to prevent t- mobile from automatically updating your phone with a new update that removes your root access .
some applications that are missing on RC8 ( the uk version ) have been added .
For example , the voice dialer and the amazon mp3 store .
when you connect to the phone using adb , you have root access
Here 's the new JFv1.43 RC9 for all you UK users .
Enjoy !--- announcement for JFv1.43 HolidayNew !
JFv1.43 is a bugfix release for the Holiday ( ADP1.1h ) version .
This release fixes the issues most people were having with Latitude hanging after clicking " I agree " .
More info on my blog
The links below have been updated with the new versions .--- announcement for JFv1.42
The ADP1.1h version of JFv1.42 is out !
This is based on the new ADP1.1 OTA that was put out this morning .
I 've also released a JFv1.42 version of RC33 , that fixes the issue with adb not being enabled in recovery mode .
You can find more details here
The links below have been updated with the new versions .--- announcement for RC33
The RC33 version of JFv1.41 is here !
Links are below .
It is essentially the same as the RC30 version , as far as my changes are concerned .
You of course get all the goodies included in RC33 .
Note : RC33 contains a radio update .
I chose not to include this in the RC33 update itself , because I personally do n't want it re-flashing the radio every time I apply this update .
Here ( md5 : cf8714d273fb0274574d9e3831e11fdd ) is a separate update that * just * flashes the radio .
You only need to install this update once ( unless you happen to flash an nbh at some point in the future , in which case you should re-flash the radio afterwards ) .
To check if you have the new radio , go into the about phone screen in settings and check the baseband info .
It should end with 1.22.14.11note : I have no clue what the differences are in the new radio .
I just assume they are good , and that it 's better to use the new radio than the one from RC30. note : ( yes , I love Notes ) .
You should n't need to do a wipe if you 're going from RC29 or RC30 to RC33 .
I 've even had reports that you do n't need to do a wipe going from ADP1.1 to RC33 .
Give it a shot if you want , and let us know if you had to wipe .
Do n't forget to do a nandroid backup firstnote : ( could n't resist ) .
The first / initial boot after upgrading to RC33 make take a minute or two .
Just give it some time before concluding that you need to do a wipe .------------------------( original release annoucement for JFv1.41 ) This version contains ... * drumroll * multi - touch support !
Thanks to lukehutch , zinx and ryebrye , this build allows android applications to receive multi- touch events .
The built - in browser now supports multi- touch zooming !
It also includes an " Auto - Rotate " setting that you can enable , to allow it to change screen orientation , based on the orientation of the phone .
You can turn on auto - rotate in the browser settings ( it 's off by default ) .
See lukehutch 's blog post for more information about the new multi - touch support , as well as a few other demo multi - touch apps he created that you can try out after installing JFv1.4 .
He also mentions a few issues that are present in browser , that you might run into while playing with zoom .
Other changes of note for JFv1.41 include :
One thing that I would like to point out about the ADP1.1 build is that it allows you to skip the initial google registration .
This will make registering over wifi painless .
You just click the " skip registration " button in the registration app , enable wifi in settings , then open the registration app again by trying to access one of the google apps ( gmail , market , etc. ) , and then you can register over wifi .
Downloads : ADP1.1 : ( md5 : 076ba12c3e733805ba1c865ab48d370c ) RC33 : ( md5 : 6ecf0ea8175e1aece8a770253447b6a8 ) RC9 : ( md5 : 5a722ad92c9dd1081987b2ad9814111 f )
In the console in recovery mode , there are a number of " special keys " that you should be aware of :
Also , you can type " reboot " to reboot , and type " recovery " to go back into the recovery program .
JFv1.41 can be installed in the usual way .
Save the zip file to your sdcard named update.zip , boot into recovery mode ( home + power ) , and then press alt+s .
If you are switch between versions , e.g. from RC30 to ADP1 , you must also do a wipe in recovery mode ( alt+w ) .
This will clear all your data / settings / apps , and you will have to re-register once it boots back up .
If you are staying on the same build , i.e. from JFv1.31 RC30 to JFv1.41 RC30 , then you should n't have to do a wipe .
If you are on the stock ADP1 image , you will need to upgrade to JFv1.31 , then boot normally at least once , before upgrading to JFv1.41 , to keep from having to perform a wipe .
If you try to go from stock ADP1 -> JFv1.41 directly , you will have to do a wipe .
If you end up with 2 Superuser whitelist apps in the app menu , you can uninstall one of them in Settings -> Applications ->Manage Applications .
There will only be 1 that is uninstallable , so do n't worry about uninstalling the wrong one .
Note :
To install these updates , you need to have a recovery image that uses test keys .
If any of the following are true , you most likely have a recovery image that uses test keys
If this is your first time installing one of my firmwares , you may be interested in the other changes that have been made in previous versions , which are included in this version .
Some of the notable features include : I 've attached a full changelog vs the official builds for each version .
Here are the updated Build Environments for JFv1.41 .
These can be used to create an update identical to JFv1.41 , or to create one modified to suit your tastes / preferences .
You can find more info about the build environments over at my v1.31 post ADP1.1 : ( md5 : ce591333f2252d805c5eaccae332f5e7 ) RC33 : ( md5 : b3b0bc89c4b417b6ce6728fd9cc2c7fc ) RC9 : ( md5 : 0d0845f85382e5689f015a2904f928a0 )
Obama 's marijuana prohibition acid test
Obama 's marijuana prohibition acid test
by Bob Fitrakis & Harvey Wasserman
Click to enlarge
U.S. Federal Bureau of Narcotics propaganda from 1935
The parallels between the 1933 coming of Franklin Roosevelt and the upcoming inauguration of Barack Obama must include the issue of Prohibition : alcohol in 1933 , and marijuana today .
As FDR did back then , Obama must now help end an utterly failed , socially destructive , reactionary crusade .
Marijuana prohibition is a core cause of many of the nation 's economic problems .
It now costs the U.S. tens of billions per year to track , arrest , try , defend and imprison marijuana consumers who pose little , if any , harm to society .
The social toll soars even higher when we account for social violence , lost work , ruined careers and damaged families .
In 2007 , 775,137 people were arrested in the U.S. for mere possession of this ancient crop , according to the FBI ’s uniform crime report .
Like the Prohibition on alcohol that plagued the nation from 1920 to 1933 , marijuana prohibition ( which essentially began in 1937 ) feeds organized crime and a socially useless prison - industrial complex that includes judges , lawyers , police , guards , prison contractors , and more .
A dozen states have now passed public referenda confirming medical uses for marijuana based on voluminous research dating back 5,000 years .
Confirmed medicinal uses for marijuana include treatment for glaucoma , hypertension , arthritis , pain relief , nausea relief , reducing muscle spasticity from spinal cord injuries and multiple sclerosis , and diminishing tremors in multiple sclerosis patients .
Medical reports also prove smoked marijuana provides relief from migraine headaches , depression , seizures , and insomnia , according to NORML .
In recent years its use has become critical to thousands of cancer and AIDS sufferers who need to it to maintain their appetite while undergoing chemotherapy .
The U.S. ban on marijuana extends to include hemp , one of the most widely used agricultural products in human history .
Unlike many other industrial crops , hemp is powerful and prolific in a natural state , requiring no pesticides , herbicides , extraordinary fertilizing or inappropriate irrigation .
Its core products include paper , cloth , sails , rope , cosmetics , fuel , supplements and food .
Its seeds are a potentially significant source of bio - diesel fuel , and its leaves and stems an obvious choice for cellulosic ethanol , both critically important for a conversion to a Solartopian renewable energy supply .
Hemp was grown in large quantities by George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison and many more of the nation 's founders , most of whom would likely be dumbfounded to hear it is illegal ( based on entries in Washington 's agricultural diaries , referring to the separation of male and female plants , it 's likely he and his cohorts also raised an earlier form of " medicinal " marijuana ) .
Hemp growing was mandatory in some circumstances in early America , and again during World War II , when virtually the entire state of Kansas was planted in it .
The current ban on industrial hemp costs the U.S. billiions of dollars in lost production and revenue from a plant that can produce superior paper , clothing , fuel and other critical materials at a fraction the financial cost and environmental damage imposed by less worthy sources .
On January 16 , 1919 , fundamentalist crusaders help pass the 18th Amendment , making the sale of alcohol illegal .
The ensuing Prohibition was by all accounts a ludicrous failure epitomized by gang violence and lethal " amateur " product that added to the death toll .
Its only real winner was organized crime and the prison - industrial complex .
In 1933 , FDR helped pass the 21st Amendment repealing Prohibition , which ended a costly era of gratuitous social repression and gave the American economy --- and psyche --- a tangible boost .
Marijuana prohibition was escalated with Richard Nixon 's 1970 declaration of the War on Drugs .
There was a brief reprieve when Steve Ford , the son of President Gerald Ford appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone barefoot and claiming that the best place to smoke pot was in the White House .
In 1980 , President Jimmy Carter ’s last year in office , 338,664 were arrested for marijuana possession .
Ronald Reagan renewed the War on Drugs and declared his “ Zero Tolerance ” policy , despite his daughter Patti Davis ’ claim the Gipper smoked weed with a major donor .
Following Reagan , President George Herbert Walker Bush recorded a low of 260,390 marijuana possession arrests , but the numbers climbed again under Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , both of whom are reported to have smoked it themselves ( though Clinton claims not to have inhaled ) .
On a percentage basis , at least as many American high school students smoke pot than students in Holland , where it is legal .
In the midst of the drug war , U.S. students report virtually unlimited access to a wide range of allegedly controlled substances , including pot .
Because so many Americans use it , and it is so readily available , the war on marijuana can only be seen as a virtually universal assault on the basic liberties of our citizenry .
In a 2005 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services survey , more than 97 million Americans admitted to having tried marijuana at least once .
President - elect Obama makes it clear in his book Dreams From My Father that he has smoked --- and inhaled --- marijuana ( he is also apparently addicted to a far more dangerous drug , tobacco ) .
His administration should tax marijuana rather than trying to repress it .
Like alcohol and tobacco , a minimum age for legal access should be set at 21 .
As a whole , the violent , repressive War on Drugs has been forty years of legal , cultural and economic catastrophe .
Like FDR , Obama must end our modern - day Prohibition , and with it the health - killing crusade against this ancient , powerful medicinal herb .
*************
Bob Fitrakis & Harvey Wasserman have co-authored four books on election protection , available at http://freepress.org, along with Bob's FITRAKIS FILES .
Harvey 's SOLARTOPIA ! is at http://harveywasserman.com .
This article was first published by http://freepress.org .
© Scoop Media
The question has been posed by a curious atheist : " Would it be possible to come up with an atheist compatible Jesus ? " .
I would say that the answer for the most part is yes , but at the same time ask whether it would really be worth it .
The answer to that counter - question largely depends on what the atheist 's real goals are .
The major difficulty is that every record we have of Jesus ' words and deeds suggest that during his public ministry he claimed to be the Son of God .
This , obviously , is right out compatibility - wise if the goal is to retain a picture of Jesus as a good or wise teacher .
A man who goes around claiming to be the Son of God and is n't would have to be a fool , a deranged man , or a con artist .
Obviously any Jesus who was one of these three types would be compatible with atheism .
But he would not be anyone worth emulating .
Those who want to retain the positive contributions they feel Jesus made to the ethical and spiritual realm can argue that these claims to divinity must have been added by later Christians .
This undertaking is what you see today in dozens of books found in the Christianity section of your local bookstore .
There one can find arguments that Jesus was a Cynic philosopher , a political revolutionary , or just about anything other than the Son of God .
The soundness of these arguments and the validity of their authors ' methods are best left for other nodes ; enough to say that they have not proven entirely satisfactory for many .
And there 's one problem for atheists that just does n't go away .
Whether he claimed divinity or not , he at the very least was a devout Jew who himself believed in God .
The overwhelming likelihood is that he considered himself a participant in a special covenant made between God and the people of Israel .
Whatever other influences may or may not have been there , his ethics and spirtuality would have been deeply rooted in these beliefs .
An admiring atheist would have to admit that he nevertheless considered Jesus ' outlook on life , the universe , and everything to be based on a colossal error .
But if we were to grimly press on , and strip away all the God - business from our Jesus , what would we be left with ?
Not much , methinks .
Many of his declarations are ridiculous when the underpinnings of a Judeo - Christian cosmology are removed .
The meek will certainly not inherit the earth .
Collaborating with an oppressor by voluntarily extending a forced march of one mile into two becomes a contemptible act .
Loving your neighbor as yourself sounds good as long as your neighbor is a relatively decent sort , but Jesus demands that you love awful , terrible people who hate you and want to kill you .
We 're left with a moral teacher whose teachings become either nonsensical or so watered down that one would be better off turning to the secular philosophers .
In which case one has to wonder what the point is .
The atheist who undertakes this project has to find something undeniably compelling about the man to jump through as many hoops as these in order to keep him in their life .
I would suggest that this person ought , for honesty 's sake , to seriously consider whether their program should n't consist of fitting Jesus into their worldview , but fitting themselves into his .
Or it could be just one part of a larger program .
Wavering Christians might be successfully lured away from their faith toward an atheist worldview made more acceptable to them by hanging a Jesus on it .
For instance , if what Jesus really cared about was helping the poor , then anything you think might help the poor could be presented as being compatible with Jesus ' " true " mission -- even if it utterly conflicted with Christian principles .
Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through the streets of London today in the biggest public protest yet in Britain against the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
The march began in Hyde Park , where Speakers ' Corner was turned into a sea of Palestinian flags and banners condemning Israel , before making its way to Kensington Gardens .
There were scuffles outside the Israeli embassy as the march passed by the gates leading to its entrance .
Missiles were thrown at police guarding the way and a number of loud bangs – believed to be firecrackers – were heard as riot police drew batons and attempted to push the crowd back from the gates .
A number of younger masked demonstrators attempted to climb on to the gates , near Kensingon High Street , and hurled pieces of placards and other items at police lines .
Panic rippled through the crowd , which included young children , and a number of people fell to the ground amid the scuffles .
A Metropolitan police spokesman said : " A group of protesters outside the embassy of Israel started trying to push over the barriers placed there to protect the embassy .
Protesters have also attempted to throw barriers and other missiles at police .
" Officers have been deployed in protective equipment as a precautionary measure after coming under attack from a small minority of protesters . "
The march began largely peacefully and included many young British Muslims as well as members of political parties .
The crowd listened to speakers including trade unionists , representatives of Palestinian exiles , and celebrity campaigners such as Brian Eno and Annie Lennox .
The Stop The War coalition , which organised today 's demonstration , said it believed as many as 100,000 people were taking part in the rallies at Hyde Park and in Kensington Park Gardens .
Richard Elborne , from west London , stamped his feet against the cold and explained why he felt it was important to come with his daughter Louise , five , who had made her own placard calling for an end to the violence in Gaza .
" I 've been following what has been happening closely and was always against the Israeli invasion but the bombing of this school really brought it home for me and was an escalation too far , " he said .
Eaisha Tareen , a physiologist from Colchester who had travelled with members of her family to take part in the demonstration , said : " It is really unbelievable what is happening in Gaza but we are heartened by the solidarity people here are showing .
" We were coming here on the underground and met a Jewish lady who had written a letter to the newspapers condemning the Israeli action and we were really impressed by that .
As you can see here today , it is not just Muslims – there are people from all parts of British life . "
As well as the Stop The War Coalition , the British Muslim Initiative and the Palestine Solidarity Campaign were represented in the crowd .
The author Tariq Ali said : " You always have on any demonstration a group of people who get very angry and sometimes that comes out in violence , but for me the most appalling violence is happening in Gaza .
A few punch - ups outside the Israeli embassy is neither here nor there . "
The Government now owns 70 per cent of Royal Bank of Scotland .
I should have thought the way forward for this abortion was pretty obvious .
The majority shareholder should close it down forthwith .
It will lose its – our – money , but that may be a cheaper option at a time when firms such as Unilever and BP are regarded as better investments than gilts .
Under existing laws , most depositors will get all their money back .
The assets of the bank , such as they are , could then be sold , and other creditors could get their penny in the pound .
There is no point keeping it in business .
It should be put out of its misery for its own sake and to encourage the others .
We now have too many banks .
One fewer would be a blessing .
The vultures of Lombard Street would feed on its corpse and seek to prove the late Professor Hayek right yet again : that bankruptcies are good , because they drive inefficiencies out of an economy .
That is sorely needed , and would serve RBS right .
I am aware it would upset the Scots , but they have only themselves to blame : and the wellbeing of the Scottish banking community should be regarded by the rest of us as a poisonous political consideration that Mr Brown will just have to ignore .
He has bigger problems than that .
It ’s getting colder ( at least in some parts ) , and there ’s no better way to warm up than with a toasty knit hat .
The best kind ?
Fandom - inspired hats like these ten influenced by Star Wars .
1. Princess Leia Buns Hat
Ansley Bleu created this Leia “ wig ” hat and sells the pattern on her Etsy .
Carrie Fisher even has one !
2. Stormtrooper Hat
Craftster user kneat made this Stormtrooper hat using the fair isle Star Wars patterns available here .
3. R2 - D2 Pattern Hat
At first glance , this hat by Carolyn looks like any other Scandinavian pattern .
But closer inspection reveals R2 - D2 and the famous Jedi saying “ May the Force be with you . ”
4. Rebel Scum Hat
greenchick at Craftster made this Rebel Scum hat for her husband using melidomi‘s pattern .
5. R2 - D2 Beanie Hat ( 1 )
Instead of a simple picture or pattern , Shortstuff411 at Craftster designed this beanie to look like Artoo himself !
6. R2 - D2 & Lightsabers Pattern Hat
R2 - D2 and crossed lightsabers come together in the pattern on this cozy - looking beanie by Sarah at Blue Garter , using the fair isle patterns by to Sarah Bradberry .
7. Stormtrooper & Tie Fighter Hat
Stormtroopers and Tie Fighters adorn this Imperial hat worn by Vinny ‘s son .
8. R2 - D2 Reversible Hat
This hat by Tiennie is not just adorable , it ’s reversible !
One side features R2 - D2 and the other , the Star Wars logo .
9. R2 - D2 Beanie Hat ( 2 )
Similar to Shortstuff411 ’s hat above , here ’s an R2 - D2 beanie by Carissa .
This one even has little bits projecting off of it !
10 . Stormtrooper Earflap Hat
Yup , it ’s another hat with Stormtroopers and Tie Fighters .. but creator Jill borrowed from Firefly ‘s famous Jayne hat and added snuggly earflaps to make this one unique .
Honorable Mention : Baby Yoda Hat
No , but seriously .
HOW CUTE IS THIS ?
It even has a wrinkly forehead !
Flickr user iamsalad knitted this little hat .
Dear Cecil :
What does " pompatus " mean ?
There 's a movie out now called The Pompatus of Love , and of course it contains the Steve Miller song as a theme .
I can't find " pompatus " in the dictionary .
Any clues ?
Cane95 , via America Online
Cecil replies :
Clues ?
Pfui .
We have cracked the freaking case , thanks to some outstanding legwork by Jon Cryer — actor , cowriter , and coproducer of the movie Pompatus of Love — and my new assistant , J.K. Fabian .
J.K. has what it takes to make a real impact in this business : pluck , luck , and an outstanding record collection .
“ Pompatus ” mystified millions when Steve Miller used it in his 1973 hit “ The Joker ” : “ Some people call me the space cowboy .
/ Yeah !
Some call me the gangster of love .
/
Some people call me Maurice , / Cause I speak of the Pompatus of love . ”
“ Space cowboy ” and “ gangster of love ” referred to earlier Miller songs .
Maurice was from Miller ’s 1972 tune “ Enter Maurice , ” which appeared on the album Recall the Beginning … A Journey From Eden .
“ Enter Maurice ” had this lyric : “ My dearest darling , come closer to Maurice so I can whisper sweet words of epismetology in your ear and speak to you of the pompitous of love . ”
Great , now there were two mystery words .
What ’s more , it appeared even Miller himself was uncertain how pompatus was spelled .
It appeared as “ pompatus ” in at least two books of sheet music but as “ pompitous ” in the lyrics included with “ Recall the Beginning . ”
Miller has said little about the P - word over the years .
In at least one interview , fans say , he claimed “ it does n’t mean anything — it ’s just jive talk . ”
Not quite .
Some sharp - eared music fan noticed the “ Enter Maurice ” lyric above bore a marked resemblance to some lines in a rhythm and blues tune called “ The Letter ” by the Medallions .
The song had been a hit in R & B circles in 1954 .
J.K. found the record .
It had the lines , “ Oh my darling , let me whisper sweet words of [ something like epismetology ] and discuss the [ something like pompatus ] of love . ”
J.K. tried to find the sheet music for the song , but came up only with the Box Tops hit ( “ My baby , she wrote me a letter ” ) .
Then came a stroke of luck .
Jon Cryer the movie guy had stumbled onto the secret of pompatus .
Eager to reveal it to the world , he sent it to — who , Rolling Stone ?
The New York Times ?
Of course not .
He sent it to us .
Speculation about “ pompatus ” was a recurring motif in the script for The Pompatus of Love .
While the movie was in postproduction Cryer heard about “ The Letter . ” During a TV interview he said that the song had been written and sung by a member of the Medallions named Vernon Green .
Green , still very much alive , was dozing in front of the tube when the mention of his name caught his attention .
He immediately contacted Cryer .
Green had never heard “ The Joker . ”
Cryer says that when he played it for Green “ he laughed his ass off . ”
Green ’s story :
“ You have to remember , I was a very lonely guy at the time .
I was only 14 years old , I had just run away from home , and I walked with crutches , ” Green told Cryer .
He scraped by singing songs on the streets of Watts .
One song was “ The Letter , ” Green ’s attempt to conjure up his dream woman .
The mystery words , J.K. ascertained after talking with Green , were “ puppetutes ” and “ pizmotality . ”
( Green was n’t much for writing things down , so the spellings are approximate . )
“ Pizmotality described words of such secrecy that they could only be spoken to the one you loved , ” Green told Cryer .
And puppetutes ?
“ A term I coined to mean a secret paper - doll fantasy figure [ thus puppet ] , who would be my everything and bear my children . ”
Not real PC , but look , it was 1954 .
Green went on to record many other songs and is still writing today .
He can be reached at P.O. Box 1394 , Perris , CA 92572 .
Steve Miller must have loved R&B . Another line from “ The Joker ” goes “ I really love your peaches , wanna shake your tree .
/ Lovey dovey , lovey dovey , lovey dovey all the time . ”
A similar line may be found in the Clovers ’ 1953 hit “ Lovey Dovey ” : “ I really love your peaches wanna shake your tree / Lovey dovey , lovey dovey all the time . ”
When I spoke to Miller ’s publicist Jim Welch about these coincidences , he said Miller ’s comment was “ artistic license . ”
Pressed a bit , Welch said Miller acknowledged that he ’d been “ influenced ” by earlier artists .
Not perhaps the most forthcoming statement in the world .
But at least we now know it did n’t come to him in a dream .
Fade To Green
From Rockin’ Radio News :
Vernon Green , leader of the Medallions , died Dec. 24th [ 2000 ] in a hospital in Los Angeles .
Best known for “ The Letter ” and “ Buick 59 , ” they were the first doo - wop group to record for Dootone Records .
Their first release , “ Buick 69 , ” ( based on Todd Rhodes ’ double - entendre R&B hit “ Rocket 69 ” ) , backed with a ballad called “ The Letter , ” was a double - sided West Coast hit .
Green ’s famous recitation on “ The Letter ” contained the nonsense lyric , “ the pulpitudes of love , ” which was later picked up by Steve Miller as “ the pompitudes of love ” — which became the title of a 1990s film .
So , yet another spelling .
But at least Vernon gets the credit he deserves .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
The trailer for Dragonball .
The story begins with Goku , who seeks out upon his adoptive grandfather Grandpa Gohan 's dying request to find the great Master Roshi and gather all seven Dragon Balls .
Of which he has one , in order to prevent the evil Lord Piccolo from succeeding in his desire to use the Dragon Balls to take over the world .
And Goku 's quest is to obtain the mystical Dragonballs before Piccolo does .
AROUND THE WEB
Tuesday , 30 Dec , 2008 Politics
Russian government decided to allocate 10 trillion rubles ( $ 340 billion ) to deal with the consequences of the global economic crisis .
According to officials , companies activating in different fields , including transportation and communication , as well as 295 oil and gas companies in Russia will benefit from the allocated package .
It is worth mentioning that the amount of money , allocated to deal with the repercussions of the global economic crisis , is close to the annual budget of Russian Federation and is two times more than the country 's reserves .
According to Alexei Kudrin , Russian Finance Minister , Moscow would face a deficit that would rang between $ 52 billion and $ 87 billion , which is about 6 percent of its gross domestic product .
In a statement Mr. Kudrin outlined that the federal budget , the Central Bank and reserve funds will provide the necessary amount of money .
On December 29 , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin noted that the Russian government decided to reduce gold and currency reserves in order to avoid a quick fall of the national currency - ruble .
He predicted that the rate of inflation in the country in 2009 will be around 13.5 percent .
Tightened lending standards are leaving builders and real - estate agents scrambling for new ways to move cash - strapped buyers into homes .
One increasingly popular option : an obscure home - loan program offered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Created in 1991 as a way to boost homeownership in rural areas , the program is being tapped by home buyers in overbuilt exurbs who are attracted to the no-money - down terms .
When ...
A few months ago , in a cafe in St. Louis , I met a man named Jim Eggers , who uses an assistance parrot , Sadie , to help control his psychotic tendencies .
Eggers looks like a man who has been fighting his whole life .
He is muscular , with a buzz cut , several knocked - out teeth and many scars , including one that runs ear - to - chin from surgery to repair a broken jaw .
Eggers avoids eye contact in public — he walks fast down streets and through stores staring at the ground , jaw clenched .
“ I have bipolar disorder with psychotic tendencies , ” he told me as he sucked down a green - apple smoothie .
“ Homicidal feelings too . ”
Eggers ’s condition has landed him in court several times : a disturbing - the - peace charge for pouring scalding coffee onto a man under his apartment window who annoyed him ; one - year probation for threatening to kill the archbishop of St. Louis because of news reports about church money and molestations by priests in other cities ( which the archbishop had nothing to do with ) .
In describing his condition , Eggers says it ’s like when the Incredible Hulk changes from man to monster .
His vision blurs , his body tingles and he can barely hear .
According to his friend Larry Gower , who often serves as a public liaison for him , in those moments , Eggers gets extremely loud .
They both agree that Sadie is one of the few things keeping Eggers from snapping .
Sadie rides around town on Eggers ’s back in a bright purple backpack specially designed to hold her cage .
When he gets upset , she talks him down , saying : “ It ’s O.K. , Jim .
Calm down , Jim .
You ’re all right , Jim .
I ’m here , Jim . ”
She somehow senses when he is getting agitated before he even knows it ’s happening .
“ I still go off on people sometimes , but she makes sure it never escalates into a big problem , ” he told me , grinning bashfully at Sadie .
“ Now when people make me mad I just give them the bird , ” he said , pulling up his sleeve and flexing his biceps , which is covered with a large tattoo of Sadie .
Soon after what he calls “ the Archbishop Incident , ” Eggers got Sadie from a friend who owned a pet store .
She ’d been neglected by a previous owner and had torn out all her feathers , so Eggers nursed her back to health .
He did n’t initially train her as a service animal , he says ; she did that herself .
When Eggers had episodes at home , he ’d pace , holding his head and yelling : “ It ’s O.K. , Jim !
You ’re all right , Jim !
Calm down , Jim ! ”
One day , Sadie started doing it , too .
He soon realized that she calmed him better than he calmed himself .
So he started rewarding her each time it happened .
And he has had only one incident since : he dented a woman ’s car with his fist on a day when he ’d left Sadie at home .
Eggers did n’t think to use any special language to describe Sadie until he tried to take her on a bus and the driver said that only “ service animals ” were allowed .
Eggers went home and looked up “ service animal ” online .
“ That ’s when it all fell into place , ” he told me .
He learned that psychiatric service animals help their owners cope with things like medication side effects .
Eggers takes heavy doses of antipsychotics that leave him in a fog most of the day .
So he trained Sadie to alert him with a loud ringing noise if someone calls , or to yell “ WHO ’S THERE ? ” when anyone knocks on the door .
If the fire alarm goes off , Sadie goes off .
If Eggers leaves the faucet running , Sadie makes sounds like a waterfall until he turns it off .
Eggers got a service - animal bus pass for Sadie and began taking her everywhere .
( He has special insulated cage panels to keep her warm in winter . )
For years , few people objected .
Then , in the spring of 2007 , Eggers went to have his teeth cleaned at the St. Louis Community College dental - hygiene school , and officials there told him that Sadie was n’t allowed inside because she posed a risk to public health and was n’t really a service animal .
“ All I can say is , they were lucky I had Sadie with me to keep me calm when they said that , ” Eggers told me .
He filed a complaint with the United States Department of Education ’s Office of Civil Rights ( O.C.R. ) , which initiated an investigation .
Its conclusion : the school wrongfully denied access based on public - health concerns without assessing whether Sadie actually posed a risk .
( Several top epidemiologists I interviewed for this article said that , on the whole , birds and miniature horses pose no more risk to human health than service dogs do . )
South Dakota 's one - man marijuana reform movement , Bob Newland , has informed the Chronicle that he has found a legislative sponsor for a medical marijuana bill and there will be a hearing soon , most likely before the end of the month .
The text of the proposed bill can be read here .
It would be a very pleasant surprise if this bill were to pass , and a sweet vindication for activists like Newland in the only state to fail to pass a medical marijuana legalization initiative at the polls .
In the 2006 initiative , medical marijuana gained 48 % of the popular vote .
Earlier efforts to pass a bill in the legislature went nowhere , and the opposition to this bill will be led by Attorney General Larry Long ( R ) , who was also point man for initiative opponents in 2006 .
( Who knew the AG was an MD ?
Oh , he is n't . )
Newland sought meetings with Long in an effort to address " law enforcement concerns , " but Long made it clear that he is unalterably opposed to medical marijuana .
Period .
Newland also has a fall - back bill prepared if , as he predicts , Republicans will be aghast at allowing patients to grow their own medicine and try to kill the bill .
The fall - back bill simply allows an affirmative defense in a patients is arrested and prosecuted for his medicine .
John McCain greets supporters as he leaves a campaign rally in Fayetteville , N.C. , Tuesday .
McCain pollster predicts massive turnout
The pollster for Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) predicted Monday that 130 million people – the highest percentage of eligible voters in American history – will turn out in this presidential election .
“ Turn - out IS going to go through the roof , ” McCain ’s pollster , Bill McInturff , says in a strategy memo released to the press .
“ Last night , 81 % of voters described their interest in this election as a 10 !
Wow . ”
Advertisement
McInturff says he thinks traditionally Republican states are “ MUCH more competitive than is generally believed by the media , ” and says McCain ’s salvation will come from “ ’ Wal - Mart women ” — women without a college degree , in households making under $ 60,000 a year .
The case McInturff makes is much more optimistic than anything detected by outside pollsters or analysts .
High turnout of motivated new voters has long been viewed by strategists for Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill . ) as his key to victory .
But McInturff maintains that the new record will not be disastrous for his candidate because all types of voters will surge , not just young people and African - Americans .
“ I now believe turn - out will begin to approach levels not seen since other comparable presidential campaigns in 1960 and 1968 , ” McInturff wrote .
“ In today ’s terms , that could mean breaking the barrier of 130 million voters ! ”
That would be up from 122 million in 2004 , a turnout rate of 60.7 percent of those eligible to vote .
The Committee for the Study of the American Electorate said that was the highest turnout since 1968 , when 61.9 percent of eligible voters turned out .
“ There is simply no model that begins to know or predict the composition of the electorate at this level of turn - out , ” McInturff continued .
“ My own view … and our own weights in our surveys … reflect a belief that African American turn - out will be at historic levels , there will be a significant boost with voters 18 to 29 years old , yet the overall high level of turn - out will begin to mute the increase in the percentage these sub -groups represent in the overall electorate . ”
McInturff , the lead pollster for McCain - Palin 2008 and a partner in Public Opinion Strategies , wrote to the “ McCain Strategy Team ” in a memo titled “ State of the Race and Ballot Position ” : “ First , let ’s be clear :
This is a hard election to ‘ predict . ’
“ The historic nature of the candidates on both tickets , the huge influx of unregulated money by the Obama campaign , the dour public mood , and the unique level of voter interest all suggest an historic level of turn - out , not witnessed in over 40 years . ”
But McInturff asserted the McCain , lagging in polls nationally and in key states , “ has made impressive strides over the last week of tracking . ”
“ The campaign is functionally tied across the battleground states … with our numbers improving sharply , ” he wrote .
“ The race has moved significantly over the past week , closing to essentially tied .
... [ W ]e are witnessing an impressive ‘ pop ’ with Independent voters . ”
McInturff said these gains have come from “ Non-college men , ” “ Rural voters , both men and women , “ Right - to - life voters ” and “ soft Democrats . ”
“ [ O ] ur long identified target of ‘ Walmart women ’ – those women without a college degree in households under $ 60,000 a year in income are also swinging back solidly in our direction , ” he wrote .
“ It is not surprising we are witnessing this closing as we are finally having an opportunity to run a campaign that focuses on Senator Obama ’s record on taxes and his lack of experience , ” McInturff added .
“ This has been the week where ‘ Joe the Plumber ’ has literally become a household name . …
The campaign ’s relentless focus has helped strengthen our margins on the issue of taxes and broadened as well to the attribute of handling the economy and jobs . ”
As a sign of hope , McInturff added : “ There is more elasticity in this campaign than is imagined . ”
McInturff says he believes that “ older , downscale , more rural , and … economically stressed ” voters who “ are quite negative about the direction of country and seek change … have significant hesitations about Senator Obama ’s experience and judgment . ”
“ [ I ]t is my sense these voters WILL vote in this election and WILL break decisively in our direction , ” he wrote .
“ Senator Obama ’s numbers are different than anything we have ever seen before among African Americans .
In most polls , McCain is losing these African American voters by margins like 97 % to 1 % . ”
“ [ T ] his means the only undecided / refuse to respond voters are white and Latino , ” McInturff said .
“ I am becoming increasingly persuaded it will be very difficult for Senator Obama to perform much above his percentage of the vote in a state .
This puts any number of historically red states very much ‘ in play ’ and MUCH more competitive than is generally believed by the media . ”
Protestbewegung Kunden rebellieren gegen Software - Riesen SAP
Zuerst waren es nur ein paar Aufmüpfige , jetzt ist daraus eine breite Protestbewegung geworden : Mittelständler aus ganz Deutschland machen Front gegen die Preispolitik des Walldorfer Software - Konzerns SAP .
Doch das Unternehmen schaltet auf stur .
Students have a lot of stress especially during the exam period .
It is more than vital for students to be able to manage stress if they want to succeed in the exams .
Exams themselves are a compelling experience that causes stress because the stakes are high : the dreams that students make for their lives , the beginning of a career , the expectations that they have for themselves , the expectations parents have for their children .
The exam stress is usually associated with the fear that students will disappoint their parents by their performance , and with the expectations they have about themselves .
This article outlines some very useful tips that can help students and parents understand what are the causes and symptoms of stress and how students can manage stress before , during and after the exam period .
Stress is dangerous and can have negative effects on our health when we it gets out of control .
In such cases stress can :
Limit the ability of our actual performance and
Makes us suffer , both physically and mentally
Symptoms of Stress
Reduction of performance :
Difficulty in concentration , mental blockade ( black out ) , difficulty in organizing information
Physical symptoms :
Headaches , abdominal pains , sweating , tremor , nausea , muscle tension
Mental symptoms :
Negative thoughts , low self - esteem , irritability and insomnia
Causes of examination Stress
Examination stress has many different sources .
The combination of different factors , namely the thoughts and emotions that each student has , is responsible for creating the stress .
Lack of Self Confidence
Perhaps the number one cause that creates stress on students is the sense that they do not have the ability to cope with the demands of the exams .
This is a subjective belief and really does not mean that the student does not have the skills to pass but fears that they do not have confidence in themselves .
Competition
Another critical factor that causes examination stress is intense competition for the limited available places in higher education .
This means that some people will stay out of them .
Another fear is that students believe that the effort made for reading will be “ lost ” if the student does not pass the exams .
Negative thoughts
Negative thoughts generated by the student before the exams are a very important cause of stress :
How difficult and endless is the material to study
How many things you have to remember
Fear of what will happen if they do not pass the exams
The believe that if they do not pass the exams their future will be lost and they will feel like a loser
During the days of the exams , students and parents redouble their efforts for success .
These days the anxiety and stress of children as well as fear of possible failure in examinations grow .
Certainly what is needed to know and remembered by students and parents is that to some extent , stress is normal and creative .
Stress mobilizes us in difficult and challenging phases of our lives and helps us to make an effort to achieve our goals !
How to manage stress before the exams
Learn to face the exams , despite your fear for a possible failure !
Take care for your good preparation
Create a schedule – organize your time
Do your exam revisions with your friends
Test your skills and knowledge with other friends
Meet with other friends and try to ask each other questions
Try to explain to your friends what you have understood from studying , if you can explain to others , then you have understood … otherwise , you need further iterations !
Analyze the situation realistically
Take a piece of paper and write down what is exactly causing you stress and anxiety , next to each problem write possible solutions .
Take a break and discuss with your parents or your teachers ( if possible ) your fears and concerns .
Visualize and beat your fears
Attempt a mental representation of the actual conditions that cause you stress ( i.e. « imagine in detail the actual conditions that make you feel stressed … » ) .
When you do that you will notice that the more often you imagine and visualize the exams the more familiar you will become with them …!
When you can deal with your fears in your imagination , you can also deal with them in reality as well !
Organize your study environment appropriately
Create a pleasant study environment , without strong lighting and sounds .
Make sure that the room has enough fresh air
Turn off TV , radio , and telephone .
If there is still noise , you can use ear - protectors .
Find a comfortable position and lie down or sit in such a way that the head , the neck and your shoulders are in a convenient alignment creating a channel for proper breathing .
Empty your mind from any other thoughts .
Try relaxation exercises
For 15 minutes per day , focus on diaphragmatic breathing and try to relax
Replace your thoughts : “ I wo n’t be afraid ” , or “ I will definitely succeed ” , With more realistic thoughts : “ Even if I am afraid , I will do everything I can to overcome any obstacles in order to achieve my goals ” .
Spend a little time for physical exercise on a daily basis
Make sure to rest and sleep well
How to manage stress during the exams
During the exams , it is important to be stress free .
Always start completing an exam paper with what you know well .
This will help you gain confidence and help you answer the more difficult questions .
Apply Conscious breathing
Knowing to apply correctly the process of breathing can help you relax , unwind and « clean » your mind , with only a few breaths .
The conscious breathing , based on yoga techniques is a particular method for balancing the autonomous nervous system that affects psychological disorders and stressful conditions .
When you feel a wave of anxiety or stress coming in on you , group your attention to the way you breathe .
Invite your breath to become slower , more integrated .
Feel the air filling your lungs .
Try to match how much air you breathe and how much air you let out .
During exhale consider that you are getting stress out of your body .
How to manage stress after the exam
Make a gift to yourself ; go out for a walk with a friend .
Vision you success and prepared yourself for the next day .
Relax as much as you can and try to engage with pleasant activities .
How parents can help their children to manage the exam stress
First of all make sure that you are available to hear the concerns and fears of your children , before you give any advice to them !
Try not to give advices that do not have to do anything with reality !
You can use any of the statements below to raise your children confidence :
« Anxiety of failure is normal »
« Even if you do not pass , there are alternatives … ”
« If you do not pass the exam the only thing that will make my unhappy is that you will not be rewarded for your efforts … »
« Any failure is a learning opportunity ! … ”
The Debate
Roger Ebert largely reignited the debate over whether games are art back in a 2005 column , when he claimed that not only are games not art , but they can never be art : " the nature of the medium prevents it from moving beyond craftsmanship to the stature of art . "
In a later article he retreated a little to say that games could not be " high art " .
His basic claim is that art requires a completely passive audience , and game players have control over the outcome of the game , so it can't be art .
" Video games by their nature require player choices , which is the opposite of the strategy of serious film and literature , which requires authorial control . "
On the other side are many gamers and game developers .
Many of the more prominent developers voiced their opinion on this subject in a Gamasutra interview .
The notable Tim Schafer put it like this ,
" Art is about creatively expressing thoughts or emotions that are hard or impossible to communicate through literal , verbal means .
Can you use games to do that ?
Of course you can . "
Denis Dyack took perhaps a more extreme position , that not only are games art , but they are the highest form of art :
" I feel video games are probably the most advanced form of art thus far in human history .
Not only do video games encompass many of the traditional forms of art ( text , sound , video , imagery ) , but they also uniquely tie these art forms together with interactivity .
This allows the art form of video games to create something unique , beyond all other forms of media .
Simply expressed , you can put a movie in a video game but you can not put a video game in a movie .
Video games are the ultimate form of art as we know it . "
Art History
This debate recurs over and over throughout history whenever there 's change - a new art form or a new use for an old one .
Ebert 's response is like what a literary critic would have said in the 1920's about these newfangled ' moving pictures ' .
" Well they 're all just gimmicks and cheap thrills .
Trains coming towards the camera ?
Charlie Chaplin falling over ?
I screamed and laughed with the rest of them , but it 's just entertainment for the mass market ... hardly Shakespeare ! "
And you know what , back in his day , some people said the same thing about Shakespeare .
It was ' low art ' .
It appealed to the masses and sold tickets , but strayed far from the pure form of theatre .
He broke many traditional rules , for example , by combining drama and comedy , driving contemporary playwright Ben Johnson to state that " Shakespeare wanted [ lacked ] art " .
For all we know in a hundred years some aging game critic will be discussing some new fledgling art form and say " Pfah ... it 's just entertainment ... hardly Schafer ! "
New art forms and movements are almost never initially recognized as art .
Igor Stravinsky is now one of the most famous and respected composers of the 20th century .
However , his work The Rite of Spring literally caused a riot the first time it was performed !
It broke so many traditional musical rules that many critics and patrons thought it was just noise , not music at all .
Similarly , many who care nothing about art know of Claude Monet and his paintings .
However , at the time , like other impressionists , his work was heavily criticized for being ' unfinished ' ... that his paintings were n't even complete works of art .
Even the term ' impressionist ' was coined in a brutal satire of his work .
How Do Games Fit In ?
We know that games contain a lot of things that are already acknowledged to be art : music , acting , painting , sculpting , writing , and so on .
For example , if you cut out most of the gameplay of Schafer 's game Full Throttle , you end up with a pretty good animated movie .
However , just because something contains art does n't mean that it is art .
For example , I would not really be comfortable saying that a museum itself is art .
Hideo Kojima extends this idea to games in a 2006 interview , stating that ,
" Art is the stuff you find in the museum , whether it be a painting or a statue .
What I 'm doing , what videogame creators are doing , is running the museum - how do we light up things , where do we place things , how do we sell tickets ?
For better or worse , what I do , Hideo Kojima , myself , is run the museum and also create the art that 's displayed in the museum . "
Similarly , even if games are not art themselves , they often serve as a medium for other creations .
For example , Red vs.
Blue is a comedy show produced entirely within the Halo game .
Similarly , games like Little Big Planet and Spore have powerful editors which are used to create all sorts of unexpected settings and figures .
The Demoscene creates a big problem for proponents of the idea that games are not art .
Demos are videos , usually set to music , that are rendered entirely in real - time .
The demoscene recently started leaking onto consoles , for example with the game Linger in Shadows .
They are usually totally uninteractive , so Roger Ebert 's argument does not apply , and we can agree that they are art .
Let 's say we add a button to control the brightness of the screen .
Is it now too interactive to be art ?
What if we add the ability to shift the camera slightly .
Is it now not art ?
If we slowly metamorphose from a film to a game , at what point exactly does it lose artistic merit ?
This is a question that must be answered by anyone who claims that interactivity negates art .
" Art games " also require an explanation .
These are games that are unlike most commercial games : they 're not designed to be entertaining , not designed to be accessible , not designed to make money .
They are designed entirely for self - expression and communication .
One of the most famous of these is Rod Humble 's The Marriage .
It 's important not because it 's necessarily good , but because it 's unequivocably art , and its message is one that can not be clearly explained in other media .
The game is about the difficulty of maintaining a stable marriage , and the only way to really communicate the experience is to involve the player directly in it instead of just watching passively , as Ebert would prefer .
Edmund McMillen has made a lot of games focusing on self - expression , such as the excellent Coil and Aether .
He prefers to call them ' alternative ' games , because he's not striving to make ' art ' in the snobbiest sense of the word , but to create games that are independent of the forces that suck the soul out of most commercial projects .
Case Studies
There are even many commercial games that support the argument that games have to be considered art , because like " art games " , they deliver experiences that could not be conveyed as effectively in another medium .
Here is a small , woefully incomplete , selection .
Please feel free to help complete this list in the comments !
Shadow of the Colossus ( PS2 ) :
There are two aspects of Shadow of the Colossus ( pictured in the frame above ) that would be lost in translation to any other medium .
First , there 's the theme that you can perform great evil with the best intentions , which is made much more powerful because it 's you who 's doing it .
Second , there 's the bond between the horse and rider .
This is a feeling that is much less accessible in books and film , because you do n't directly experience how much of a difference a horse makes in such a barren and lonely landscape .
Super Paper Mario ( Wii ) :
Here is a video of it in case you 've never seen it .
Super Paper Mario is noteworthy because it delivers the experience of navigating in an entirely separate dimension from everyone else in the world .
This is only possible in a game world because the 2D sidescroller mechanic is so firmly entrenched in gamers ' minds as " normal " .
For this reason , it 's almost mind - blowing to switch into 3D for the first time , an experience that could not have been captured in the same way using other media .
Braid ( XBLA ) :
What Paper Mario did for space , Braid does for time .
Here is a video review if you have n't tried it yet , to give an idea of how it works .
Time travel is of course possible in books and movies , but they do n't make you think in terms of time travel .
The only way to do that is to require the player to solve puzzles using these powers .
So Are Games Art ?
I have listed what I consider to be strong arguments that games should be considered art , and some arguments that it might not be .
Ultimately , it 's up to you to decide what you think , and history will be the judge of your decision .
Please let me know what you think in the comments , and if you can come up with more examples of games that make artistic use of the medium : my list is very incomplete !
He really has driving skills
Corn and sugar based agrofuels have already come under extreme scrutiny due to their documented contribution to the food crisis , with venture capital investment in these so - called ' first generation biofuels ' dropping to zero .
The open letter exposes the further problems that will result from the so - called ' second generation ' of agrofuels .
These problems range from wholesale destruction of the world 's rainforests and other sensitive forests , to the forced displacement of entire communities to make way for agrofuel expansion , and the biosafety risks of gambling on novel technologies like Synthetic Biology and genetically engineered trees .
The letter also makes clear that agrofuels made from inedible plant feedstocks ( cellulosic fuels ) will continue to exacerbate the food crisis by monopolizing additional agricultural lands for the growing of agrofuel crops such as grasses and trees , instead of food crops .
Now is the time when everyone is writing letters to the new Obama administration .
It seems like it might be worthwhile discussing a letter written by a group of organizations warning of the dangers of biofuels .
The letter can be found at the site of the Global Justice Ecology Project .
The statement on the website about this letter says :
( Editors note : Please note that this letter is for discussion purposes .
The Oil Drum does not make an endorsement of particular policies ; each member of the staff has his / her own view , and these are not necessarily the same .
I personally agree with many of the agrifuel issues mentioned in this letter , but I do not agree with the solutions .
The authors seem to want to eliminate fossil fuels and nuclear , substituting wind and solar .
This is not possible , in my view .
I see wind and solar as fossil fuel extenders that do not exist for long in the absence of fossil fuels .
Also , I see no way that wind and solar can be scaled to the level where they can substitute for fossil fuels and nuclear .
[ 1 ] OPEN LETTER : Unsustainable Biofuels : Fueling Climate Change , Poverty and Environmental Devastation
As a diverse alliance of organizations concerned with climate change , agriculture and food policy , human rights and indigenous peoples rights and biodiversity protection , we ( Global Justice Ecology Project , Institute for Social Ecology , Heartwood , Energy Justice Network , Grassroots International , Food First , Native Forest Council , Family Farm Defenders , ETC Group , Dogwood Alliance , Rainforest Action Network ) issue this open letter in opposition to agrofuels ( large scale industrial biofuels ) .
If you would like to join us , please add your organizational signature to this letter by emailing contact@globaljusticeecology.org .
We strongly oppose the rapid and destructive expansion of agrofuels ; the large - scale industrial production of transport fuels and other energy from plants ( corn , sugar cane , oilseeds , trees , grasses , waste etc. ) .
Agrofuels are a false solution and a dangerous distraction and they must be halted .
Agrofuels are a " false solution " :
Many prominent voices in the United States , including President - elect Obama , have voiced support for the large - scale production of agrofuels as a central strategy for solving the problems of energy supply and global warming .
A growing body of scientific evidence , however , indicates that this is a tragic misconception and that continued pursuit of agrofuels will aggravate severely rather than resolve the multiple and dire consequences of the climate , energy , food , economic and ecological crises we face .
Like other dirty and dangerous technologies and devices being promoted by industry to supposedly address climate change - including " clean coal , " carbon capture and storage [ CCS ] , coal gasification , nuclear power , carbon offset markets , and ocean fertilization - agrofuels are a distracting " false solution " promoted for their potential to reap profits rather than their capacity to address problems effectively . [ 1 ]
Agrofuels worsen climate change and poverty :
A growing body of literature from all levels of society is revealing that , when all impacts are considered , agrofuels create more , not less , greenhouse gas emissions ; deplete soil and water resources ; drive destruction of forests and other biodiverse ecosystems ; result in expanded use of genetically engineered crops , toxic pesticides , and herbicides ; and consolidate corporate control over access to land .
While claims are made that agrofuels will benefit the rural poor , in reality , indigenous and smallholder farmers are increasingly displaced .
Industrial agriculture and the destruction of biodiversity , two leading causes of global warming , will be further facilitated by agrofuels . [ 2 ]
Next generation " cellulosic " fuels will not resolve the problems :
With recognition of the role of agrofuels in driving up food prices , there has been increasing attention to the social and ecological costs of corn and sugar cane derived ethanol .
In response , there is now a massive push to develop non-food , so - called cellulosic fuels based on claims that these new feedstocks ( grasses , trees , and " waste " products ) will not compete with food production and can be grown on " idle and marginal " lands .
The incoming Obama Administration is clearly positioning to advocate strongly on this platform . [ 3 ]
Unfortunately , these claims do not hold up to scrutiny .
An enormous additional demand for trees , grasses and other plants , edible or inedible , will not avert the problem of land - use competition .
Land that could be used for food crops or biodiversity conservation will be increasingly diverted into energy production .
Demand for land for both agriculture and timber is already intense and escalating globally as water , soil and biodiversity dwindle and the climate becomes increasingly unstable . [ 4 ]
The scale of demand cannot be met sustainably :
Virtually all of the proposed cellulosic feedstocks ( including dedicated energy crops such as perennial grasses and fast growing or genetically engineered trees , agricultural and forestry " wastes and residues " , municipal wastes etc. ) present serious ecological concerns on the scale required to maintain biorefinery operations and significantly contribute to U.S. energy demands .
Furthermore , renewable fuels targets in the U.S. mandate the use of 15 billion gallons of corn ethanol per year , an amount that requires one third of the nations corn crop , and an additional 21 billion gallons a year of " advanced " agrofuels , the definition of which opens the possibility that demand will be met with foreign sources .
The massive new demand for agrofuels is escalating deforestation and resulting in conversion of biodiverse and carbon - rich native forests and grasslands into biologically barren and carbon - poor industrial tree plantations and other crop monocultures . [ 5 ]
Land use changes resulting from industrial agriculture , including widespread deforestation , are major causes of climate change .
Recent research finds that old growth forests sequester far more carbon than was previously estimated , ( i.e. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change underestimated carbon stocks for temperate old growth forests by two - thirds ) .
This means that deforestation has been a much larger causal factor in global warming than initially thought , and that intact natural forests are critical for sequestering carbon .
It is imperative therefore that we protect remaining forests , grasslands and other carbon - rich ecosystems . [ 6 ]
The widespread application of biotechnology for agrofuel production , including genetically engineered ( GE ) feedstock crops such as GE grasses and GE trees , and plans to use synthetic biology and other genetic engineering techniques to alter and construct microbes , is an unacceptable and dangerous risk . [ 7 ]
Sustainability criteria cannot address the problems with agrofuels because they are incapable of addressing many complex and often indirect ecological and social impacts .
Neither can they be implemented under globally diverse ecological , social and political situations .
Similar efforts to develop criteria for soy , palm oil and timber , for example , have proven vastly inadequate .
Finally , these efforts are based on the fundamental and flawed assumption that such massive demands can and should be met .
Agrofuels are not a renewable energy source :
While plants do re-grow , the soils , nutrients , minerals and water they require are in limited supply .
The diverse and complex ecosystems that native plants belong to are also limited and not easily regenerated .
Subsidies and incentives for renewable fuels should be focused on truly renewable options , like wind and solar energy .
Instead , currently in the U.S. close to three - quarters of tax credits and two - thirds of federal subsidies for renewable energy are being wrongly invested in agrofuels . [ 8 ]
Agrofuels are a disaster for people :
As governments , investors and corporations recognize the increasing demand for and profitability of land for food , fiber and now energy , we are witnessing a veritable tidal wave of land grabbing on a global scale .
This is disastrous for rural and indigenous peoples who are increasingly being evicted or displaced .
If tariffs currently limiting international agrofuel trade are diminished or eliminated , social and ecological damages will escalate .
Social movements around the world , including the international peasant movement , Via Campesina , call for " food and energy sovereignty . "
Via Campesina , along with the independent International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge , Science and Technology for Development ( IAASTD ) , a long - term independent assessment of agriculture involving over 400 scientists and diverse stakeholders , point to the key importance of a return to locally controlled , diverse , ecologically sensitive , and organic agriculture practices as vital to both addressing climate change and poverty .
In demanding a halt to the insanity of agrofuel expansion , we stand in solidarity with peoples around the world who are resisting the loss and destruction of their lands , and with the wildlife and biodiversity being driven to extinction for corporate profit . [ 9 ]
Real solutions must be given a chance .
There are numerous better options for addressing climate change .
These are generally proven , do not involve risky technologies , return control of resources to local inhabitants rather than profiting irresponsible corporations , and are more equitable . [ 10 ]
These include but are not limited to :
* A massive focus on improvements in energy efficiency , public transport and reduced levels of consumption within the United States ( and other affluent countries ) ;
* A rejection of industrial agribusiness and biotechnology and a return to locally adapted and community controlled diverse agricultural practices with the goal of feeding people , not automobiles , while conserving soil and water , maximizing carbon sequestration and protecting biodiversity ;
* Repeal of the 36 billion gallon per year Renewable Fuel Standard biofuel target in the Energy Independence and Security Act .
* Support for indigenous land rights and community stewardship initiatives as the major focus of efforts to preserve biodiverse ecosystems and the implementation of free and prior informed consent from indigenous peoples with respect to projects proposed on their ancestral lands and territories .
* Reducing demand for forest products and aggressively protecting remaining native forests and grasslands ;
* Rejection of coal and nuclear technologies , which are inherently toxic and dangerous ;
* Scaling up of decentralized and unequivocally renewable and cleaner wind and solar energies ;
* Leaving fossil fuels in the ground , where they cannot contribute to climate change ;
* Rejection of ineffective market - based approaches that commodify the atmosphere , biodiversity , and humanity itself .
Signed :
Global Justice Ecology Project
Institute for Social Ecology
Heartwood
Energy Justice Network
Grassroots International
Food First
Native Forest Council
Dogwood Aliance
Family Farm Defenders
ETC Group
Rainforest Action Network
NOTES :
[ 1 ] A recent comprehensive review of a variety of technologies proposed for addressing climate change , including wind , solar , nuclear , geothermal , tidal etc. found : " … cellulosic - and corn -E85 were ranked lowest overall and with respect to climate , air pollution , land use , wildlife damage , and chemical waste … .
biofuel options provide no certain benefit and the greatest negative impacts . "
1
Resources and information on the false solutions involving coal , nuclear , incineration , biofuels , natural gas and more are available at : http://www.energyjustice.net/
For information on ocean fertilization : http://www.etcgroup.org/en/materials/publications.html?pub_id
For a review of climate geo-engineering technologies : A. Ernsting and D. Rhugani . 2008 .
Climate geoengineering with " carbon negative " bioenergy .
http://www.biofuelwatch.org.uk/docs/cnbe/cnbe.html
Opposition to these " false solutions " is growing .
2
[ 2 ] Climate : According to recent studies , when all direct and indirect land use change emissions are accounted for , agrofuels produce from 17 to 420 times MORE greenhouse gas emissions than would be saved by avoided use of fossil fuel .
Another study revealed that emissions of nitrous oxide from increasing fertilizer use for biofuel crops reduces or even cancels out gains from offsetting fossil fuel use with agrofuels .
3,4,5
People : rural and indigenous peoples are increasingly displaced , often violently from their lands to make way for expanding industrial agriculture .
Agrofuels are contributing to this .6,7
The global peasant farmers movement " Via Campesina " states : " small farmers feed the world , industrial agrofuels fuel hunger and poverty " ( Jakarta , June 24th 2008 : International Conference on Peasant Rights )
8
The UN FAO reported that food prices have pushed the number of starving to more than one billion , 14 % of the human population . 9
A leaked memo from the World Bank stated that 75 % of the food price increase could be attributed to diversion of food crops into fuel production .
10 The FAO stated that mandated targets may need to be reconsidered .
Reports on the impacts of cane ethanol in Latin America paint a grim picture of oppression and destruction .
11
[ 3 ]
Obama , a long standing advocate of corn ethanol has stated that he will increase the renewable fuel standard from the current level at 36 bG / yr to 60 bG / yr .
His cabinet appointments include 1 ) Tom Vilsack ( Secretary of Agriculture ) , known for his advocacy on behalf of biotechnology and his close relationship with Monsanto and support for corn ethanol 2 ) Steven Chu ( Secretary of Energy ) who was instrumental in establishing agrofuels as the major focus of Lawrence Berkeley Labs ( which he directs ) and overseeing the establishment of the Energy Biosciences Institute , a $ 500 mil partnership involving UC Berkeley ( a supposedly public educational institution ) and BP , along with the Lawrence Berkeley labs , the goal of which is research and development of cellulosic fuel technologies .
3 ) Ken Salazar ( Secretary of the Interior ) has been a major proponent of flex - fuel car production and cellulosic fuel development .
12
[ 4 ]
As demands for food and bioenergy expand , enormous land grabbing is underway with countries , corporations and investors buying up large amounts of arable land in a scramble to gain access to dwindling and profitable resources .
13
For example , Daewoo , a South Korean company is seeking to acquire a 99 - year lease on a million hectares of Madagascar 's agricultural land , Kuwait is looking to acquire millions of hectares in Cambodia , and other investors are moving in on approximately 15 per cent of Laos 's agricultural land .
Soil :
In the U.S. , some of the best agricultural soils occur in Iowa , but over the past century these have declined from an average of 18 to just 10 inches of depth over the past century due to erosion .
Erosion rates exceeded soil regeneration rates on close to 30 % of agricultural lands in the U.S. in 2001 .
This loss of topsoil and organic residues results in declining productivity .
In an effort to stem the tide of erosion , the U.S. Conservation Reserve Program was introduced in 1985 and paid farmers to plant lands sensitive to erosion with grass or tree cover protection and to use no - till farming , terracing and contour strip farming .
These CRP lands are shrinking due to incentives to produce agrofuel feedstocks .
Removal of " wastes and residues " from agricultural and forested lands for agrofuel production depletes soil organic matter and nutrients and increases erosion .
14
Water : Water resources in the U.S. , including major irrigation sources such as the Oglalla aquifer and the Colorado river , are in decline .
Agriculture is the largest use of freshwater , and biorefinery processes also require massive amounts of water .
15 According to the International Water Management Institute ( IWMI ) : freshwater usage worldwide has increased six - fold over the past 100 years , largely due to irrigation ; water resources are dwindling ; the price of water is predicted to double or triple over the coming two decades .
Meanwhile , severe droughts are resulting in water shortages in Australia , India and South Central China .
Droughts and ice melting at high altitudes are likely to result in declining water supplies in many regions of the world .
16
[ 5 ]
According to biotechnology industry estimates , a moderately sized commercial - scale biorefinery using agricultural residues would require harvesting a minimum of 500,000 acres of cropland .
Electricity production through the burning of wood is increasing rapidly and creating huge demands for trees .
For example , Prenergy Power Limited , of London , England is planning a 350 megawatt power plant , which will be fueled by approximately 3 million tons per year of woodchips imported , in part from the U.S.
Some bioenergy processes claim to utilize wastes and residues , but a recent industry market report stated : " …. these operators , hungry for large volumes of wood , and frequently armed with government subsidies , are finding that the perceived overabundance of ' waste wood ' in the nation 's forests is simply not there .
As a result , the increased demand for more traditional forms of woodfiber has already triggered wood price spikes and cross - grade competition in the tightest markets .
" 17 Wood is under demand by expanding pulp and paper industry , timber products industry , rapidly growing chip and pellet production for heat and electricity , and now for liquid transportation fuels as well .
This level of demand simply cannot be met sustainably .
It is also driving the demand for faster - growing " designer " trees genetically engineered to enhance their ability to be transformed into energy .
This in turn is threatening native forest ecosystems with genetic contamination .
[ 6 ]
Deforestation in the Amazon is directly correlated with the market price of soy , a biofuel feedstock .
When farmers in the U.S. switched from soy to corn production to meet the demands for corn ethanol , the price of soy rose , and deforestation increased .
18
The push for more land to grow energy crops has resulted in the elimination of set - aside lands in the EU and a reduction of CRP lands in the U.S.
The loss of these critical habitats is reducing pollinator and bird populations dramatically .
19,20
A recent long - term study of forest carbon in old growth temperate forest ( AUS ) found that carbon storage was far greater than previously assumed .
The IPCC default values for example were one - third the value observed , highlighting the enormous impact of deforestation and the critical relevance to climate change of preserving forests .
21
[ 7 ]
Agrofuels have become the major focus of biotechnology R&D .
In addition to a suite of new GE feedstock developments , companies like Arborgen in the U.S. are developing GE tree varieties with 1 ) reduced lignin content 2 ) disease , insect and stress resistance , 3 ) fast growth , 4 ) cold tolerance , 5 ) modified oil content ( jatropha and oil palm ) and 6 ) sterility - all characteristics deemed profitable for agrofuel and pulp applications .
Given that trees spread their pollen and seeds across huge distances and / or have many wild relatives in native forest ecosystems , cross contamination between GE trees and native trees is inevitable and entails unpredictable , potentially disastrous implications for forest ecosystems , wildlife and forest dependent human communities .
22
The newly emerging technique of " Synthetic Biology " is focused on developing microbes that can efficiently produce enzymes for fuel production .
If genetic modification has raised biosafety concerns , those pale in comparison to the safety and ecological risks of synthetic organisms .
Unlike earlier genetic engineering where genes are sourced from existing organisms , synthetic DNA sequences may have no known analogue in nature , and numerous pathways are combined .
The consequences of contamination by such organisms are entirely unpredictable .
Currently , the push for microbes for agrofuel production is driving the Synthetic Biology industry forward , making the ability to build dangerous and deadly microbes including bioweapons , cheaper , easier and harder to control .23
[ 8 ]
True renewables such as wind and solar are losing out in competition with agrofuels .
Ethanol accounted for three - quarters of tax benefits and two - thirds of all federal subsidies provided for renewable energy sources in 2007 .
This amounted to $ 3 billion in tax credits in 2007 , more than four times the $ 690 million made available to companies trying to expand all other forms of renewable energy , including solar , wind and geothermal power .
It is estimated that by 2010 , ethanol will cost taxpayers more than $ 5 billion a year -- more than is spent on all U.S. Department of Agriculture conservation programs to protect soil , water and wildlife habitat .
[ 9 ]
Almost weekly new reports are made of abuses and violence in the context of land conflicts over the expansion of industrial monocultures and access to land and resources , and social movements working in resistance .
Below are just a few of the more recent examples .
24,25,26,27,28
These include :
* The civil society organizations in Latin America who protested the International Biofuels Conference , demanding food and energy sovereignty ;
* The recently freed " sugar slaves " working in Brazil 's ethanol industry ;
* The indigenous peoples in the village of Suluk Bogkal , in Riau province in Sumatra who were fire bombed on December 18th 2008 when they resisted eviction from their lands to make way for a pulpwood plantation under Sinar Mas ;
* The friends and families of Paraguayan smallholder farmers violently murdered when they resisted eviction to make way for the expansion of soy monoculture ;
* The Tupinikim and Guarani in Brazil , who spent twenty years fighting to regain control of their ancestral lands which were taken over by the pulp industry for industrial eucalyptus plantations ;
* The over one billion people now suffering from chronic undernourishment while food crops are diverted into fuel for automobiles ;
* The diverse plants and animals moving precariously closer to extinction as their habitats are destroyed for conversion to agrofuel monocultures and industrial tree plantations ;
People 's access to land and the right to feed themselves is fundamental .
Via Campesina along with many other social movements around the world call for food and energy sovereignty , not agrofuels .
29 Numerous calls for moratoria have been made worldwide , including one from organizations in the U.S .
http://agrofuel-moratorium-campaign.nireblog.com/
Declarations of opposition to agrofuels : www.biofuelwatch.org.uk/declarations.php
[ 10 ]
A growing global alliance of individuals and organizations is demanding real solutions to climate change based on principles of justice and equity .
This position is based on the understanding that the root causes of climate change are the same as the root causes of poverty and injustice .
One can not be addressed without the other and doing so is the only effective path towards a sustainable future .
30,31
ENDNOTES :
1 M.Z. Jacobson .
Review of solutions to global warming , air pollution and energy security .
Energy and Environmental Science Dec 2008
http://www.rsc.org/delivery/_ArticleLinking/DisplayHTMLArticleforfree.cf...
2 Climate Justice groups warn of false solutions to climate change at Convention on Biological Diversity
http://www.tni.org/detail_page.phtml?act_id
3 Fargione , J. , Hill , J. , Tilman , D. , Polasky , S. , and Hawthorne , P. , 2008 , " Land clearing and the biofuel carbon debt " , Science , 319 , pp. 1235-1238 .
http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/1152747v1
4 Searchinger , T. , Heimlich , R. , Houghton , R. A. , Fengxia Dong , Elobeid , A. , Fabiosa , J. , Tokgoz , S. , Hayes , D. , and Tun-Hsiang Yu , 2008 , " Use of U.S. croplands for biofuels increases greenhouse gases through emissions from land - use change " , Science , 319 , pp. 1238-1240
http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/1151861
5 P.J. Crutzen , A.R. Mosier , K.A. Smith , and W. Winiwarter ( 2008 ) ' N2O
release from agro - biofuel production negates global warming reduction by
replacing fossil fuels ' , Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics 8 ( 2 ) : 389-95
6 Cotula , L. , Dyer , N. , and Vermeulen , S. , 2008 .
Fuelling exclusion : the biofuels boom and poor people 's access to land .
IIED , London http://www.iied.org/pubs/display.php?o
7 Biofuelling poverty .
Oxfam briefing , November 2007
http://www.oxfam.org/node/217
8 Via Campesina : http://viacampesina.org/main_en/index.php?option
9 Nearly a Biillion People Worldwide are Starving , UN Agency Warns : Julian Borger and Juliette Jowitt .
The Guardian , Dec 10 2008
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/dec/10/hunger-population-un-food-en...
10 Secret Report : Biofuels Caused Food Crisis : Internal World Bank study delivers blow to plant energy drive .
Guardian , July 3 2008 .
A. Chakrabortty
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2008/jul/03/biofuels.renewableenergy
11 Fuelling Destruction in Latin America : the real price of the drive for agrofuels .
Friends of the Earth International : September 2008 .
http://www.foei.org/en/publications/pdfs/biofuels-fuelling-destruction-l...
12 http://www.energytribune.com/articles.cfm?aid
R. Bryce , Dec 29 2008 .
Obama , Vilsack and Salazar : The Ethanol Scammers Dream Team .
Energy Tribune
13 Seized : The 2008 Land Grab for Food and Financial Security : GRAIN
http://www.grain.org/front/
14 Wes Jackson and Wendell Berry : A 50 year Farm Bill .
NYT , Jan 4 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/05/opinion/05berry.html?_r
15 " Water Implications of Biofuels Production in the United States , " the October 2007 Report in Brief , at this site of The National Academies :
http://dels.nas.edu/dels/rpt_briefs/biofuels_brief_final.pdf
16 Peter McCornick .
( International Water Management Institute ) Demand For Biofuel Irrigation Worsens Global Water Crisis .
Keynote address at " Linkages Between Energy and Water Management for Agriculture in Developing Countries . "
Hyderabad , India , January 2007 .
17 RISI 's Wood Biomass Market Report dispels myth of ' overabundant waste wood ' myth .
http://www.risiinfo.com/technologyarchives/risi-wood-biomass-market-repo...
18 W.F.Laurance .
2007 .
Switch to corn promotes Amazon deforestation .
Science .
Vol. 318 , no .
5857
19 Increasing Corn for Biofuel Production Reduces Biocontrol Services in Agricultural Landscapes .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Vol. 105 no. 51 Landis , D.A. , Gardiner , M. M. , van der Werf , W. and Swinton , S.M .
20 S. Kirchoff and J. Martin .
Americas Grasslands vanishing amid agricultural boom .
USA today April 25 , 2008
http://www.usatoday.com/money/industries/environment/2008-03-27-farming-...
21 Green Carbon :
The role of natural forests in carbon storage_Part 1 .
A green carbon account of Australia 's south - eastern Eucalypt forests , and policy implications .
Brendan G. Mackey , Heather Keith , Sandra L. Berry and David B. Lindenmayer 2008 http://epress.anu.edu.au/green_carbon_citation.html
22 Petermann , A. and Tokar , B. 2007 .
Cellulosic fuels , GE trees and the contamination of native forests .
In : R. Smolker , et al .
The True Cost of Agrofuels : Impacts on Food , Forests , People and Climate .
http://www.globalforestcoalition.org/img/userpics/File/publications/True...
23 Extreme Genetic Engineering : an introduction to synthetic biology .
ETCgroup
http://www.etcgroup.org/en/materials/publications.html?pub_id
24 Civil Society Declaration at International Biofuels Conference in Sao Paolo , Brazil , November 2008
http://www.corporateeurope.org/docs/Agrofuels_as_an_obstacle_to_food_and...
25 T. Phillips .
Brazilian taskforce frees more than 4500 slaves after record number of raids on remote farms .
The Guardian , January 3 2009
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/jan/03/brazil-slavery-poverty-farm-...
26 T. Phillips .
Brazilian taskforce frees more than 4500 slaves after record number of raids on remote farms .
The Guardian , January 3 2009
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/jan/03/brazil-slavery-poverty-farm-...
27 Paraguay Sojero , on the impacts of soy monoculture on peasant farmers
http://www.lasojamata.org/en/node/12
28 Tupinikim and Guarani peoples reconquer their lands , World Rainforest Movement bulletin : issue 122 , September 2007http://www.wrm.org.uy/
29 Position papers : " Agrofuels : small farmers feed the world , industrial agrofuels fuel hunger and poverty " and " Small scale farmers are cooling down the earth "
http://www.viacampesina.org/main_en/index.php?option
30 Radical New Agenda Needed to Achieve Climate Justice : Climate Justice Now !
Poznan , December 2008
http://focusweb.org/radical-new-agenda-needed-to-achieve-climate-justice...
31 Patrick Bond : From False to Real Solutions for Climate Change .
Monthly Review .
June 1 , 2008
http://monthlyreview.org/mrzine/bond060108.html
I agree with the terms and conditions
NOW ON SALE
Close search
So , What are you looking for today ?
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
Life for photons can be harsh .
Survivor : Tocantins - The Brazilian Highlands Cast Photos
Survivor : Tocantins - The Brazilian Highlands has revealed the new cast of competitors .
The CBS reality television show wound up shooting Season 18 in mid-December and will broadcast the episodes on Thursday evenings beginning February 12 , 2009 .
The 16 contestants were stranded for 39 days in Rio Nova in the Brazilian Highlands .
They are vying for a $ 1 million prize that will be paid to the sole survivor .
This season 's cast will feature gorgeous attorney Candace Smith , ' hot ' Hollywood bartender Carolina Eastwood , blonde models Sydney Wheeler and Sierra Reed , former Grammy - nominated R&B singer Taj Johnson - George , and the youngest contestant ever , 19 year old Spencer Duhm .
Check out some of the contestants below - click to enlarge .
More cast member photos here .
As 2008 comes to an end after a brain curdling descent in to an economic abyss , what is on the to - do list for 2009 ?
Will the same mistakes that were made to try and ease the impact of the crisis be repeated in 2008 ?
All indications are that addressing the root problems is still not on the agenda and the predilection for Keynesian stimuli will only exacerbate the fallout from a fundamentally unwinnable war .
Unwinnable in the sense that the definition of victory is the restoration of a failed Economic model .
The injection of $ 3 Trillion in to Commercial paper , mortgage , banking and auto markets has not even touched the onslaught of Economic Armageddon .
The credit , so earnestly hoped for , never materialized as recapitalization outbid exposure in the financial world .
There is a long , long way to go before the deleveraging Genie is put back in the bottle , and only then after a carnage never seen before in the history of the free market .
With the coming bankruptcy of General motors , there comes the specter of the $ 250 Billion in Credit Default Swaps written against it .
The F.D.I.C. will be working overtime after this one .
This will only tighten the noose around the credit market even more .
Every component of an economy is dependent on the other for a productive environment but when the dependency is wrapped up in an envelope of hugely leveraged bets on the viability of these components , the consequences of failure are multiplied beyond a sustainable level .
This is the systemic failure that needs to be addressed above all others .
There is no point in trying to reinvigorate an economy if you have not removed the cancer that made it ill in the first place .
The Derivatives and securities markets must be opened up , dissected and written off .
How this will be achieved , nobody really knows because the opacity of these “ weapons of mass destruction ” has prevented a solid accounting of exactly who owes what to whom .
The objective of this essential surgery is not to save the limb but to save the organism .
There will be banks and financial houses that will die as they discover that they never really had the money in the first place to cover their gambling debts .
Well , hey , that 's the free market for you .
Live by it , die by it .
If there is genuine regulation the healthiest institutions will rise from the ashes , burnt and better mannered .
The end game here is to have a credit infrastructure that can stand on its own two feet and not have to grovel at the public trough when it has lost it 's shirt .
By not reining in the gamblers now , we are guaranteeing that the deficit will continue to rise with absolutely zero in return on investment .
The first assaults in the War for the Economy have been a miserable failure .
Each wave has been pushed back by an unforgiving army of economic realities .
Overburdened by debt , a population cannot spend its way to prosperity ; overburdened with falling incomes , a population cannot spend its way to prosperity ; overburdened with unemployment , a population cannot spend its way to prosperity .
Trying to increase the debt burden only exacerbates the problem .
But what has been proposed as the next step on the road to recovery ?
Spend your way to prosperity by increasing the debt burden .
The brainchild of the Economic Transition Team , it encompasses Healthcare , Infrastructure and Energy policy .
The first estimate was around $ 500 Billion and now is heading beyond the trillion mark .
The overarching consequence of this spending will be that future generations of Americans will be the eternal debtors of the rest of the world .
This does not seem to fit in to the mindset of the planners .
Printing dollars and selling Treasury bills at sub inflation interest returns is the financial plan behind the project .
The loss of attractiveness for T Bills as the deficit rises and flooding the country with devalued dollars will combine to unleash an inflationary spiral that will only aggravate the mess .
Let 's analyse one part of the stimulus plan ; Infrastructure .
The crash of the housing bubble has created an enormous pool of job hungry construction workers .
The latter will be newly employed by the Government , i.e. the taxpayer , i.e. themselves with their own tax dollars going to pay their wages .
The one speck in the ointment here that comes to mind is how much of these tax dollars are going to be needed to even just pay the interest on the Government Debt ?
Assuming we put the latter on the back burner for a while and get on with the business of rebuilding the Economy , the health of suppliers to the construction industry will improve as their tax dollars are recycled back to them as wages .
With each newly employed individual comes an extra paycheck , a sum of dollars that can be spent in the real economy .
Paying off mortgage debt , car debt and credit card debt are going to remain top priorities .
The one snafu here and the big question that needs to be asked is how much will the Government pay all these new employees ?
Industry standard , union enforced remuneration with benefits will definitely not be on the cards as frugality for the general population as opposed to generosity for the financial population , will be the order of the day .
Billions allocated for Medicare and Medicaid will also eat in to the apportioned cash .
If the former “ wealth ” was only obtained by living beyond one 's means then the amount of income needed to get out from under it after being unemployed for months would have to be greater , not less than before .
So being employed at low wages by the Government will increase the amount of money brought in to a household but will not be on a level to recreate the Nirvana of yesteryear .
Call me cynical but can you say “ Iraq Reconstruction ” ?
This reconstruction will be the biggest boondoggle in American history .
The same companies involved in the “ reconstruction ” of Iraq will most likely be the lucky recipients of Government contracts .
Halliburton and KBR must be salivating right now as yet more taxpayer dollars will be winging their way to them in 2009 .
If Iraq was one of the golden opportunities for corruption , think of how much more opportunity there lies in the reconstruction of America .
The proposal for nationwide broadband access is , in my view , nothing more than a plan to control the Internet , pure and simple .
With no looming convictions for illegal wiretapping within the U.S. , increasing victimization of dissent through an out of control Police force and the loss of influence amongst the erstwhile Guardians of truth and “ all the news that 's fit to print ” , large portions of the population are beginning to discover that there are sources of unbiased information and intelligent analysis on “ The Internet ” .
This used to be rated along with Marvel comics as a source of intelligent discourse and the dwelling place of “ conspiracy theorists ” .
But now people are turning to it as an alternative source of information .
As the situation becomes worse over the next few years , information will need to be strictly controlled to keep the population at bay .
If the Government is going to provide the Internet access they will also be controlling what content is available under the guise of protecting children or eliminating “ hate speech ” .
The latter being anything that goes against the party line .
Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid are already unfunded to the amount of $ 51 Trillion .
Pumping more money in to this will only achieve a greater unfunded liability .
Improving the efficiency and cost effectiveness of these programs can amount to a slight saving but the eventual bills will be falling on , as yet , unborn Americans .
This is campaign promise planning , not long term planning .
It might keep presidential approval ratings up for a while but goes nowhere in resolving the fundamental problems .
A quote from Tom Daschle , the new Health Czar , sums up the lack of connect between Government Economic policy and economic reality .. ” Addressing our health - care challenges offers the best hope for reducing personal bankruptcies , improving American competitiveness and helping “ pull our economy out of its current tailspin . ”
Addressing health - care challenges would be providing real money for it .
That means taking a decision to take money away from other programs like blowing up the Middle East and Eurasia .
( Remember , there are plans to increase troop numbers permanently in Afghanistan and maintain a force in Iraq outside of Towns and cities by June 2009 but staying in the country until 2012 .
This will amount to a huge drain on U.S. balance sheet ) .
Personal bankruptcies have been caused by medical bills but unemployment caused by off shoring and the bursting of the housing and credit bubbles have contributed much more damage .
Improving American competiveness is not achieved by providing greater healthcare with money that has to be borrowed from our competitors .
If this represents “ the best hope ” for “ pulling our economy out of its current tailspin ” , then we have indeed passed through the Looking Glass and entered Never Never Land .
By Tara
While the world watches in horror as the death toll in Gaza continues to rise , in the occupied West Bank , the Israeli army is taking the opportunity to unleash a level of deadly force , in the knowledge that , under the shadow cast by their war on Gaza , these atrocities will go unseen by the international community .
Palestinian communities in the West Bank have responded to the war on Gaza with daily demonstrations in cities and villages throughout the region .
Taking the form of marches , sit-ins and candlelight vigils , as well as stone - throwing by young boys , these demonstrations have met with lethal repression from Israeli soldiers in their role as an occupying army .
In the village of Ni’lin , West of Ramallah , two young men , Arafat Al - Khawaje and Mohammad Al - Khawaje were both brutally murdered in a spray of live ammunition from Israeli soldiers during a demonstration against the war on Gaza .
Arafat , aged 22 , was killed immediately as a bullet cut through his back , stopping his heart .
Mohammad , who was shot in the head , held - on in Ramallah hospital in a critical condition for four days , before dying on the evening of Wednesday 31st December .
A third young man , Mohammad Sror , was shot in the leg .
International eye - witnesses to the slaughter describe the attack as being “ callous and calculated ” , with Israeli soldiers feigning an invasion of the village to lure the young men into the olive groves , where they had concealed themselves , before opening fire from a distance of just 15 metres .
The attack took place with full knowledge that there was no ambulance in the village , as Israeli forces had refused to permit it to pass through the checkpoint .
Once the shooting occurred , the ambulance was detained for a further five minutes at the checkpoint , before the soldiers allowed it to enter the village .
In the village of Silwad , another young man , 17 year old Mohammad Hamid , was shot by Israeli soldiers from a guard - tower whilst at a demonstration – dying in hospital from three gunshot wounds to the chest and abdomen .
On 4th January , in Qalqiliya city , another young man was assassinated by Israeli soldiers for throwing stones over the Apartheid Wall that surrounds the city .
Mofed Saleh Walwil , 20 years old , was killed with a single sniper bullet to the forehead , when an Israeli jeep opened fire on the boys .
Two more young men are in a critical condition after also being shot by Israeli soldiers whilst demonstrating against Israel ’s “ Operation Cast Lead ” .
Hammam Al - Ashari , 17 years old , from Abu Dis , near Jerusalem , was shot in the head with three rubber - coated steel bullets at close range , while he was walking up a stairwell with friends .
For 30 minutes , the soldiers prevented a waiting ambulance from reaching Hammam , significantly worsening his condition .
17 year old Mohammad Jaber is also in a critical condition after Israeli soldiers again opened fire on a Gaza protest in Hebron , on Sunday 28th December , shooting him in the head .
In the period of two days from 28th - 29th December , Israeli soldiers in Hebron wounded at least 21 demonstrators with live ammunition , according to doctors at Hebron ’s al - Ahli hospital .
International human rights workers living in the area , describe this as a significant “ escalation in the violence used by the Israeli Occupation Forces ” .
The number of Palestinian youth shot by Israeli armed forces in the West Bank continues to rise , with at least 3 more young men injured by live fire from Friday 2nd to Sunday 4th December .
Severe repression has also been leveled at Gaza demonstrations in the form of arbitrary mass arrests .
In East Jerusalem 90 people were arrested for taking part in a non-violent street march .
Protesters were all released upon the condition that they not enter Jerusalem ’s old city for ten days , despite the fact that many of the arrestees reside there .
Many Palestinians living in East Jerusalem now express fear of taking part in non-violent demonstrations , saying that the consequences for such acts are too high .
Suppression of public dissent seems to be the motivation behind many of the repressive tactics being executed by Israeli Authorities .
This is exemplified by the denial of entry to Al - Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem ’s old city on Friday 2nd January for any men under the age of 50 years , under the pretext that the first Friday prayers since the air strikes on Gaza began would foment further protests .
Further , Thursday 1st January saw Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak momentarily invoke of curfew across the entire West Bank for Friday 2nd ; later downgraded to a closure of all checkpoints between the West Bank and Israel , including East Jerusalem .
In light of the violence and repression being leveled at Palestinians in the West Bank , claims made by Israeli military spokespeople – that they are attacking Gaza in order to put an end to rocket fire – ring hollow .
As Israeli authorities protest that their massacre in the Gaza Strip is self - defensive , and that the civilian casualties are an unfortunate by - product of Hamas members “ hiding ” amongst the civilian population ; as they proffer their occupation of the West Bank as an example of their even - handed , democratic restraint in the terrain of Palestinian Authority governance ( “ There are no rockets fired from the West Bank , so we do n’t need to attack them ” ) ; the realities on the ground paint a very different picture .
As the Israeli government continues their brutal occupation of the West Bank – killing and injuring youths ; firing tear gas in to Palestinian civilian homes ( leading to a house fire in the village of Ni’lin on Thursday 1st January ) ; continued invasions of cities and villages , involving curfews , house occupations and arbitrary arrests ; the continued imprisonment of some 11000 Palestinian political prisoners – including 327 children ; and continuing settlement expansion and settler violence – claims that Israel is not targeting Palestinians as a people are increasingly difficult to believe .
Amidst the barrage of rehearsed Israeli government rhetoric , Palestinian civilians are being killed by Israeli soldiers , in greater or lesser numbers , regardless of where they live , or what their political affiliations .
In the occupied West Bank , Palestinian youths will continue to die under the shadow of Gaza , as Israeli forces act with impunity – immune to the international gaze and any potential censure that may accompany it .
" Save the aliens ! " is the cry – and an unusual one too .
Safeguarding Britain's flora and fauna from the ravages of mankind and " non-native invader " species has become the largely unquestioned cause célèbre of a generation .
In a new book , however , a leading historian argues this " culturally - determined " idea of native and non-native species is fundamentally flawed , and calls attempts to preserve the genetic identity of British wildlife " quasi- racist " .
Professor Christopher Smout , Scotland 's Historiographer Royal and the founder of the Institute for Environmental History at St Andrews University , said species needing conservation should receive it regardless of " ethnicity " .
Those which cause problems , such as native bracken or non-native giant hogweed , should be dealt with in the same way and classed as " pests " .
" The preoccupation with alien species is comparatively recent and not something which worried scientists and ecologists 50 years ago , " said Professor Smout , whose book , Exploring Environmental History , is published in May .
" They were concerned with pests .
In recent times , the emphasis has been on the fact these pests are aliens and it has tended to a blanket condemnation to all species not classed as natives . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One such unfortunate is the ruddy duck , an American species accidentally released from the Slimbridge Wetland Centre in Gloucestershire – described as the " birthplace of modern conservation " – in the 1950s .
The population expanded to such an extent that the bird migrated to Europe and , in Spain , started breeding with the white - headed duck , threatening the latter 's status as a distinct species .
The RSPB persuaded the British Government to carry out a decade - long cull of ruddy ducks .
" Conservationists are up in arms because they fear the ducks will all get turned into some kind of mish - mash , " said Professor Smout .
" The conservationists would say ' We 're doing this because it is endangering the genetic integrity of the white - headed duck ' .
" I do n't think that 's a scientifically valid point of view .
The concern with genetic integrity seems almost quasi-racist .
Our attitude towards alien species is culturally determined and sometimes you end up with rather bizarre actions by scientists . "
Another case in point is the sika deer from Asia .
Scientists have warned breeding with native red deer in Scotland threatened the famous " Monarch of the Glen " .
Professor Smout dismisses it as " no big deal " , adding : " If one species can successfully interbreed with another , it might assist its survival in evolutionary terms .
If it is a failure , the hybrid will die out . "
Andre Farrar , of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds , was outraged by the claim of " quasi- racism " , saying the more extreme wing of the animal rights movement had suggested that conservationists who talked about alien species " are one step from Goebbels " .
" These are dedicated people who have given their lives to give beleaguered native fauna a chance . "
Not welcome here : ' Alien ' species
* Ruddy ducks were introduced from North America to Britain in the 1950s and their population grew rapidly .
They have been repeatedly culled down to about 4,100 over - wintering birds to stop their migration to Spain , where interbreeding with white - headed ducks is threatening the latter 's existence as a separate species .
* Reeves 's pheasant is endangered , with just 2,000 left worldwide .
It is native to China but there are a few wild escapees in Britain .
According to the RSPB , they have never formed a sustainable population .
Professor Smout argues that they should be considered for conservation projects here , despite their alien status .
* Sika deer were brought to the UK in 1860 from Asia .
Scientists recently voiced concern that they are interbreeding with red deer , threatening the red deer 's genetic identity .
The government is discovering that wishing for housing to be more affordable , as they did for several years , creates an uncomfortable world of negative equity , weak banks and mortgage famine .
They by now should have worked out that their theory that you needed to build more houses to bring house prices down was completely wrong .
We today have plunging prices at the same time as large cuts in new building .
So when will housing be affordable ?
There is no single good price level , as it all depends on what price level the mortgage banks will support .
They , under strong regulatory influence both ways , have lurched from believing very high prices are affordable , to working with much lower prices .
What is affordable when banks will lend 5 times salary is not affordable when they will only lend 3 times salary .
What was affordable with a 100 % mortgage may not be affordable with an 80 % mortgage .
The boom was so overdone in London that even people on good incomes were priced out of the London housing market unless they already owned a property or had some other windfall to help them .
Still today , after considerable falls in the market , a new MP on £ 63,000 a year would be hard pressed to find anything more than a studio flat he or she could afford north of the river near the office .
A professional , middle manager or Doctor on around £ 100,000 would have little choice of anything other than a one bedroom flat in the central districts if they were starting out with a mortgage and not much else .
Pity anyone on average wages , they do not have a chance in inner London .
I fear this all means the fall has further to go .
The government has not yet found a way to help mend the banks .
The mortgage market is still far from happy .
Northern Rock is in effective run off , so Northern ’s mortgages need refinancing elsewhere as they fall due .
On current policies we have not found a base for the property market .
That means more losses at the taxpayer financed banks , in line with the deteriorating loan experience revealed by HBOS in their figures yesterday .
Taxpayers are currently losing more than £ 7 billion on the bank shares the government has bought for £ 37 billion at current prices .
This week I asked the Foreign Secretary why it appears that Northern Rock cannot offer competitive busniess rates in the market owing to EU competition rules , but this constraint does not seem to apply to RBS .
He said he would write to me with an answer .
I think we need to know , as it seems odd that the smaller bank is prevented from writing much new business , whilst the bigger bank is unaffected .
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Jan 29 , 2009 in Tech
If you ’re a geek and you ’re reading this , to you social media is old news — which is why it ’s now mainstream ( and about to get worse ) .
But first a history lesson :
The real story behind the sucess of MySpace and Facebook is that they were sites NOT aimed at geeks — unlike so many Web 1.0 hubs the real appeal of this first generation of these Web 2.0 sites is that they allowed a younger demographic to organize their real world activities .
As an example MySpace empowered Gen Y to see their favorite band or to meet their classmates before moving into the form on Facebook .
Yet there was still a generational barrier in place that has only slowly been crumbling lead by elder techies and creatives .
From my own point of view as a techie Gen Xer I only first started to take these tools much more seriously myself back during the election in 2004 — during this time if you were a Howard Dean or Wes Clark supporter sites like Meetup.com and Yahoo !
Groups were the most important tools to reaching non-techies in a hurry .
During the election in 2008 a generation could n’t imagine a political campaign without these hubs and every major candidate sported buttons on their website that linked to where people were already gathering ( everywhere from Flickr to Twitter ) instead of reinventing the wheel .
Another sign of this turning point was that every major candidte had an official presence on Digg — which is nothing short of amazing when you think about the fact that the site started life in 2005 as a “ Slashdot killer ” which morned the day it added more mainstream catagories like “ Comics and Animation ” .
Yet at heart Facebook is still a college site , but this is going to be the year that it graduates .
A recent study from iStrategyLabs showed that there ’s been a 276 % growth on Facebook with 35 to 54 year old users .
At this current rate Facebook will cease to be a youth site very shortly and the key factor that ’s going to make that happen is the recession .
The bleak job market is going to make Facebook grow up quickly — and you ’re going to see less zombie attacks and more resumes from your old friends .
The change of Facebook ’s demographics is happening on a number of levels :
First the initial set of Facebook users is now graduating from college into the real world .
This set of users needs their core network to open doors — and part of that network will be the parents of their friends , who themselves will also be on Facebook doing job hunting .
And this is where grandma and grandpa comes in too :
Sadly with the implosion of the stock market many baby boomers are going to put off retirement for now .
So with this in mind my prediction is that the non-tech side of the Woodstock generation will be the next fastest growing demographic on Facebook ( somewhat historicaly ironic as they ’re the original youth generation ) .
And helping them get on board wo n’t be their children , but their grandkids — and so on the other end of the spectrum you ’ll start to see many more tweens sneaking into what was a college night club .
As a social media user since the old BBS era of the 80s I think there are four core strengths that will drive Facebook to own the market .
First Facebook forces users to use their real names over a handle — this makes your online identity match who you are in the real world .
The next building block is your educational affiliation which becomes a social glue that can hold people together for a lifetime ( just go to any college reunion to see the proof ) .
Adding to that like AOL back in the day Facebook recreates the web — that normally would be a downside , but having an email account that harder to spam is the upside of this walled garden .
Lastly the hidden power of this service for advertisers is that unlike the more ananomous web , Facebook knows much more about you .
So as an advertising platform it will give a much more precise reach to a target audience than keyword searches .
It ’s for these reasons that I feel that Facebook is going to be the next Google in the next phase of internet growth which will be turned upside down by the economy .
The other factor driving this wo n’t only be demographics and audience , but interface as well .
My bet is that Facebook is smart they ’ll adopt a dynamic non-web interface to enhance their application like feeling .
I ’m not sure how they ’ll do this — they may goes the iTunes or Adobe Air route and have a desktop app that talks to the web , or since they do have a serious investment from Micrososft I could see them using a Silverlight interface via the web .
I can also see them start to add grown up applications on their site — in fact it was Mark Canter who once observed that the real revolution on Facebook would be if you could have something like Microsoft Word as an application rather than sending a zombie to attack your friends .
Now I realize that I ’m painting a rather Facebookcentric universe , and you ca n’t be a great superpower unless there are other superpowers .
And this is always the way it ’s been with tech history going back to the ancient times when companies like DEC would go after monoplies like Big Blue ( i.e. IBM ) .
There are other players lined up , some are new like Twitter and some are old school like Google — and by the way this may e the first point in tech history that we can start to now think of Google as being the owner of the last wave .
So at this very moment as the old economic order starts to give way we ’re seeing the birth of the next phase of the internet where web 2.0 is the prevous phase and now mainstream thanks to grandma .
My special thanks to Roy Scribner who gave me the inspiration for this essay —
Roy is a bit of a leader of the idea of geeks stepping away from their computers as he has a very well done camping blog worth checking out .
The Mark Canter observation comes from an episode of the podcast of the GillmorGang ( so thank you Steve Gillmor — you ’re my favorite tech curmudgeon ) .
And the Woodstock photo is from Derek Redmond and Paul Campbell .
This is a piece about Russia , Ukraine , and the future of PC gaming .
It is about creativity , piracy , and thirteen tonnes of software every day .
A version of this article , which is based on my trip to Moscow and KRI last April , appeared in the May edition of PC Gamer UK .
I ’ve updated and expanded it for RPS , and broken it into two parts for ease of reading .
Here ’s part two .
Moscow ’s Cosmos Hotel is a formidable structure and a startling venue .
The huge , curving hi-rise is a classic of 1970s Soviet architecture and would not look out of place on the set of a Bond movie – all concrete , metal and polished wood , surrounded by trodden snow and patrolled by men in long coats .
Inside the curves continue with long wood - panelled corridors , which are inhabited exclusively by grim - faced maids .
The open foyer and gift shop are all faux - space race credentials ( Neon sign reading : “ Welcome , Yuri Gagarin Bar ! ” ) and Vegas - like slot machines .
There is a sizeable gold - plated mace with matching dagger in the gift - shop .
Stepping out of the Cosmos ’ heavy glass doors you ’re greeted with the domed rooftops of the national exhibition centre , and a giant constructivist sculpture of a rocket heading for the skies .
Miles beyond that , there ’s a vast , brutalist television tower , which would not look out of place in City 17 .
Suddenly Half - Life 2 ’s Citadel has a real - world cousin , and Russia seems to live up to its legends .
This evocative locale is the location for KRI , Russia ’s own game developer conference .
Most of the games being developed in the former USSR , and the surrounding countries , are being shown here .
There could be no better venue .
Into The Cosmos
In many ways it ’s a typical games show , with peculiarly - clad ladies ( some dressed in silken air - hostess uniforms , others draped in little more than paint ) dispensing fliers and mild embarrassment on the show floor .
The show is , I suppose , a kind of validation of the size and scale of the Russian games industry as it exists today .
There are technology stands , and some game stands , but overall a wealth of companies of all sizes , both global and local .
While there are dozens of smaller companies now operating in Russia is is 1 c that dominates completely in the publishing arena .
Many companies want to have their say on the future direction of the Russian games industry , but the towering yellow wealth of the 1c stand suggests who might really be holding most of the cards .
I wandered around and got to play a few games .
Death Track was ludicrous : a kind of brutal rally version of Wipeout , with post - apocalyptic European capital cities and battle - cars decked out with fiery lasers .
I sat down to play for several laps , and get flashbacks to the end of the Nineties , when futuristic racers turned up on the shelves every few weeks .
I watched the EU exploding in some kind of hybridised version of World Rally Car and Gears Of War .
The producer , an elegant young woman from Voronezh , explained to me that gamers like to get feedback from their acts of digital violence .
I nodded .
Later , in one of the Cosmos ’ darkly panelled hotel rooms , I was to be demoed the ultra-realistic Men Of War , by the ruin - faced lead producer .
An intense forty - something man , he explained to me in excruciating detail just how detailed the damage model for the game is , forcing my translator to work double time to articulate his explanation of how armour - piercing rounds travel through buildings and into armoured vehicles .
The game blew me away as I blasted buildings , Tiger tanks , and Nazis .
Then there was Captain Blood : a game that lived up to its name with surges of God Of War - alike violence and caricatured ship - to - ship combat .
It ’s remarkably polished , and ready for the consoles .
But I ’m unsure if that game will ever hit PC , given its hack ‘ n ’ slash sensibilities .
1 c talked up its Xbox pedigree .
There was also a surprise in the form of hybrid-RPG King ’s Bounty .
It ’s a game comparable to the most recent Heroes Of Might & Magic title , and yet surpassing it on all fronts .
The turn - based battles are dominated by vast monsters , while the world - wandering is so vast and intricate that you can even add a wife and child to your inventory .
Be careful she does n’t divorce you – she ’ll take half your gold !
I marvelled at it , and wondered why we see so few of these kinds of games today : surely they ’re our answer to the ultra- stylised Japanese RPGs ?
Quietly , I noted the game down .
I suspected someone back home would probably like this game when it gets an English translation …
The star of this particular show , however , seems to be Cryostasis .
It is dark , and weird , and technically proficient .
The opening minutes of the game see you stumbling through a raging blizzard to get to the frozen ship inside which most of the game will be played out .
The showpiece , however , are the flashbacks into which your character stumbles , deliriously , as you struggle through the game : touch a corpse and you get to relive their final minutes , and play through sections of the game on the ship as it was before it became marooned and haunted in its Arctic grave .
A game that plays with memory , distorts time and reality , and makes you care about staying warm .
It ’s fascinating , and exhilaratingly violent .
Cryostasis shows just how aggressive the Russians are being in their reinvention of classic game designs .
I ca n’t wait to see whether the final game actually pulls it off ( we hear it does n’t – RPS RumourBot ) , perhaps that does n’t even matter .
Finally leaving the big names behind , I wander into the show floor .
There ’s the stand with a couple of developers who ca n’t speak English .
Their work is all in Cyrillic Russian , and I have no idea what the name of the game is .
They ’re demoing something where six - armed mutants are exploding each other with energy pulses .
I watch it for a few minutes , and see the various developers unload their enthusiasm onto people who actually share their language .
It leaves me intrigued , wondering just what else was awaiting us in Russian studios – the games yet unshared and unannounced by their creators .
I had left GDC in San Francisco , earlier in the year , with a similar feeling .
I later learn that these guys are students , desperately trying to sell their first game , which does n’t even have a name – it ’s called something like “ our game project 2008 ” .
I wonder if the world will ever see that bizarre little experiment brought to the market .
In contemporary Russia , you might expect that it we will .
Thirteen Tonnes
Of course the ex-Soviet countries are as much consumers of these games as they are producers , and their market is still very much based on retail product .
This means that the Russian frontier of the games industry is n’t simply faced with problems of development experience , creativity and design , it ’s a logistical problem .
It is the biggest country in the world , and the distances alone mean that people want to buy software from the shops , because they do n’t have , and ca n’t have , broadband .
Just 142 million people have 17 million square kilometres to live in .
( Compare that to 60 million of us in the UK sharing just 245,000 square kilometres ) .
It ’s an eight - day train journey from Moscow to Vladivostok , where the the King ’s Bounty team reside .
They could n’t make it to KRI for that very reason .
What ’s more it ’s a place where publishers need to battle with the problems of distribution and rampant retail piracy .
We might get upset about torrent sites and online theft , but up until a few years ago most games sold in Russia were pirate copies sold as packaged products on the street .
The cost of broadband meant , for the larger part , it was cheaper to buy pirate product from a vendor .
The problem was so bad that pirate companies were reportedly approaching publishers to offer to distribute their games .
This has been quite fiercely stamped out by the Russian authorities .
The main company engaged in tackling all this is 1c , which we know for games , but in Russia it sells all kinds of more practical software – Cyrillic - language accounting programs and so forth .
1 c ships a staggering thirteen tonnes of software every day , of which 98 % is games .
In the games arena , 1c are peerless , and republish Miscrosoft and Electronic Arts products , as well as promoting their own homegrown materials .
Unlike Western publishers they even run their own software stores , which are a scattered across Moscow and the other large cities of Russia .
There are now 280 1c - owned stores , and another 4000 franchises operating with the 1c licence in 600 locations across the former Soviet bloc .
It ’s a gigantic operation , and one that is making its owners rather wealthy .
These street - level stores , it turns out , are one of the most important ways in which the company are taking on Russia ’s key problem : piracy .
Gaming in Russia is around 70 % PC - based , and so it was relatively easy for pirates to gain the upperhand , selling games for a few roubles in the same subway stalls that people use to buy cigarettes , cans of coke , and pocket - sized bottles of Vodka .
1 c knew they had to combat this and their approach was quite brutal .
Firstly they launched retail products that were super cheap , to compete with the pirates , and bear them on support and service .
And then they lobbied for legislation to help them out .
This side of the coin is a little darker .
The pirates were making a lot of money and were n’t likely to be stopped easily .
They were mass - producing packaged copies that looked like real games , and were competing directly with the actual , licensed publishers for commercial product .
1C went as high as they could : to President Vladimir Putin himself .
The man from the KGB soon realised just what value this burgeoning industry would be to his vast , developing country .
The punishment for commercial piracy is now up to seven years in prison .
A Russian prison .
As disincentives go , it ’s a good one .
With 300 people a year now jailed for software theft , piracy is rapidly disappearing quickly in the major cities of Russia .
The Russian government have even managed to close some of the major torrent sites , and have published an anti-piracy guide to help retailers avoid getting burned by illegal distributors .
It is a tough regime , but the Russian government know that they can’t allow crime to dominate their development : in gaming as much as anywhere else .
As more and more people shopped in the 1c stores , so the Russian publishers have been able to raise their prices back towards what it is in the West .
All this has allowed the cost of games to rise , and therefore making gaming in Russia a profitable business at last , as well as a rather more expensive one for consumers .
While a pirated game costing £ 2 might have been your only option in 2000 , today games are about £ 12 , and you ’ll probably have to get them from a 1 c shop .
The Muscovites might only have been revelling in capitalism for twenty years now , but Russia is n’t far behind the rest of us .
Much of this , of course , is making the 1c bosses rather wealthy , but it ’s also finding the vibrant creative industry that we saw on show at the Cosmos Hotel .
KRI was a sign of a staggeringly healthy industry – Russia might be far from taking the US crown as PC game development kings , but the rate at which their sophistication and ambition is increasing blows everyone else out of the DX10 water .
Watch out , world : the Russians are coming for your games industry .
Next time : culture , apocalypse , and the Endless Red Bear .
( Photos by Dan Griliopolous )
On Sunday evening , I put on my concierge hat .
I had to pick up something for a client .
Since I did not know the place where I was going I looked for directions and went to Google Maps as I trust them more than MapQuest .
I followed the instructions to the letter and did not get anywhere .
If it was not for a good Samaritan who got in her car and led me to the place , I would still be looking for it .
Out of curiosity , I decided a few minutes ago to put Rand McNally Online Driving Directions which I never used to the test .
They were spot on .
I guess I have to believe their tagline ( below ) .
The moral of the story is that in the future , I will get two sets of directions , one from Google Maps , the other from Rand McNally .
I do n't know if they got their inspiration from Jack Kerouac for their travel blog name , On the Road .
Wo n't get lost again !
Hopefully .
Related : Stop Flying blind with ' Amadeus ' great Travel Tools
Content with its current stable of heavyweight fighters , which includes a mix of veterans and up - and - comers , the UFC apparently no longer required the services of a widely regarded top 10 competitor .
Fabricio Werdum was unable to come to terms with UFC officials on a new contract after his surprising 81 - second knockout loss to Octagon newcomer Junior " Cigano " Dos Santos at UFC 90 : " Silva vs. Cote " on October 15 , forcing the Brazilian and the promotion to go their separate ways , according to MMAWeekly.com .
" Vai Cavalo " perhaps spoke prematurely ( or something was lost in translation ) when he declared that he had inked a five - fight contract extension back in July that included a guaranteed title shot with a win over " Cigano . "
It appears that the offer may have been merely discussed and / or was contingent on a win in the " Windy City . "
He also could have ruffled some feathers when he voiced his displeasure about being excluded from the mini heavyweight tournament put together to declare an undisputed division champion .
Regardless , Werdum leaves the promotion with an even record ( 2 - 2 ) , scoring big wins over Brandon Vera and Gabriel Gonzaga and perhaps bigger losses to Andrei Arlovski and Dos Santos .
He remains a very capable and dangerous fighter who , according to the report , is already courting offers to compete in " The Land of the Rising Sun . "
That 's because prior to his UFC run , the Brazilian was a very popular and successful fighter in Pride FC .
In fact , Werdum battled current UFC interim heavyweight champion Antonio Rodrigo Noguiera at Critical Countdown Absolute back in July of 2006 for the chance to advance to the semifinals of the PRIDE 2006 Open Weight Grand Prix .
" Minotauro " bested Werdum by unanimous decision in what was one of many outstanding fights that night .
While his chances for a rematch anytime soon are now more than likely dashed , rest assured that we will see the Chute Boxe - trained fighter back in action sooner rather than later .
With the recent detection of seasonal Martian methane emissions — which microbes could be generating or eating , NASA 's next robotic mission to the planet could become the most exciting unmanned mission in the history of the agency , especially if it discovers definitive evidence of extraterrestrial life .
NASA claims the rover , which currently goes by the painfully dull name Mars Science Laboratory , will be the most capable rover ever , with a larger payload of more sophisticated instruments .
Originally scheduled to launch in October 2009 , " testing and hardware challenges " have pushed the date to the next window when Mars and Earth are favorably aligned in fall 2011 .
The rover 's main task is to answer the burning question of whether the red planet ever was , or still is , habitable for microbial life .
We think a rover with such a cool mission mission needs a better name .
Even NASA honchos know :
They are holding a kid-centric naming contest sponsored by Wall - E to replace the current dry moniker .
Call us homers , but we have more faith in Wired Science readers than we do in your little cousins to come up with the type of awe - inducing name that will fit the next - gen rover .
After all , you did an inspiring job with the Mars Phoenix Twitter epitaph contest .
So , we 're introducing another Reddit widget below for you to go wild with .
You can submit your own name and vote on others through Jan. 26 .
We can't promise that NASA will have anything to do with our official nickname , but we will link it from our future stories on the rover .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Woman , 81 , killed in street mugging ' ignored by passers - by as she called for help '
An 81 - year - old widow who died after being mugged was ignored as she lay on the pavement pleading for help .
Passers - by refused to stop and help Molly Morgan , thinking that she was drunk .
The retired architect was on her way to a lecture at her local library in Harrow , North - West London , on Thursday night when her shoulder bag was snatched .
This caused her to fall to the ground , causing serious head injuries and a broken arm .
Ignored : Pensioner Molly Morgan died following a street mugging .
Many passers - by refused to help her because they thought she had been drinking
Mrs Morgan managed to tell police that a man walked right past her , even though she asked him for help .
She lay on the ground for ten minutes until two women - who had initially crossed to the other side of the road to avoid her - heard her cries and came to her aid .
Detective Chief Inspector Jessica Wadsworth , from the Met 's Homicide and Serious Crime Command , said : ' I need to trace this man and any other people who saw Mrs Morgan lying on the pavement , since they are vital witnesses and will be able to help me find who killed Mrs Morgan .
' It is our belief that this man and other people in the area who did n't assist the victim may tragically not have realised that Mrs Morgan had been attacked and was in considerable pain .
' We know from some witnesses that they had assumed she was merely a drunk on the street . '
Crime scene :
The suburban street where the attacker struck
The man who walked past her is described as white , in his late 20s , wearing a black , woolly hat with a ring around it and a long black coat .
Mrs Morgan was still conscious when police arrived and was able to tell them a little about the attack but she did not see the mugger because he approached from behind before running off .
Mrs Morgan , whose husband William died in 1997 , was taken to hospital but her condition deteriorated and she died shortly before 4 am the following morning .
A post -mortem examination found that she died from a blood clot on the brain .
Neighbour and close friend Rajeshwar Pershad , 76 , whose wife Evelyn shared an allotment with Mrs Morgan , said : ' I just do n't know what to say .
I think in the circumstances people should have stopped at the very least .
' There is just no harm in stopping and getting help when you see someone lying there .
' Lots of people are just very aggressive in this world .
I just can't understand what has happened , I do n't know what the world is coming to . '
Police are also appealing for passengers on any 114 bus that ran past the spot on Streatfield Road where Mrs Morgan was attacked between 7.30 pm and 8 pm to come forward .
Vital clue : A painting of the missing bag belonging to Molly Morgan
Her daughter Hilary , an artist , has painted a picture of the brown leather - effect bag that the mugger stole .
All that was inside was a gold Primark umbrella , an extension lead and an empty Sainsbury 's plastic bag .
Neither the bag nor its contents have been found .
Paying tribute to her mother , she said : ' My mum was so active and full of life .
I still can't believe she has been taken away from me .
' I am her only daughter and we were close .
She encouraged me in my dream of going to art school . '
The pensioner had set off from her home for Kenton library for a lecture about London buildings that she had organised on behalf of the Workers ' Education Association .
Her bus did not arrive on time so she decided to walk the mile - long journey .
She was just a few hundred yards from the library when she was attacked .
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 020 8358 0300 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Press Secretary : Obama crowing ' I won ' to GOP was n't ' cowboy diplomacy ' David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Monday January 26 , 2009
Print This Email This Reporter cites Wesley Snipes in reference to Treasury pick 's tax troubles
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs fielded questions from the media during Monday 's briefing , which was the third one for the Obama Administration .
Most of the early questions were related to President Obama 's new measures to spur development of fuel efficient cars and to wean America off foreign energy , which were his first official swipes at Bush administration climate policies .
" More on fuel efficiency standards .... HIGH drama , " Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza Twittered after the beginning of a mostly staid press briefly , until it got more interesting towards the end .
Asked to comment on Obama 's remarks to Republicans behind closed doors that was reported last week on Friday , Gibbs said his crowing of " I won " was n't an example of " cowboy diplomacy , " which appeared to be a not - very - veiled swipe at Obama 's predecessor , Bush .
He said that it was a " lighthearted moment " since " everybody laughed . "
According to ABC News ' Jake Tapper , Obama told Republican Congressional leaders who had " objections to the notion of a tax credit for people who do n't pay income taxes " that " on some of these issues we 're just going to have ideological differences . "
" I won , " Obama reportedly added .
" So I think on that one , I trump you . "
One lighthearted moment during Monday 's briefing occurred after Fox News Channel 's Major Garrett mentioned conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh .
Gibbs smiled and replied , " Tell him I said hi . "
Later in the briefing , Gibbs said he did n't know if former Vice President Al Gore had been used as an official consultant for Obama 's new climate policy plans .
Before and after , Gibbs apologized to the press because there was a problem with the email system .
" Unfortunately , it 's not working , " Gibbs told the laughing White House reporters , all too familiar with White House email issues .
Although Gibbs had said the briefing was over already , one reporter was able to shout out a final question , which made reference to Treasury secretary nominee Timothy Geithner 's tax problems .
" Can you just say ahead of the Geithner vote , there has been some jest but also in seriousness that if Wesley Snipes had been nominated secretary of Treasury he would n't be in jail right now , " the reporter said .
Gibbs interjected , " You ca n't imagine the number of perspective answers going through my head right now . "
" But , I am asking , is n't the president asking the IRS to be more lenient to all Americans in the future when they say ' I did n't know but I 'm sorry , ' " the reporter continued .
Gibbs was a little shaken and stirred , " Let me uh , wow , this is one of those questions that could certainly get me in trouble . "
" The secretary - designate Geithner -- who I believe in a few hours we will be able to call Secretary Geithner because of a strong bipartisan vote in the Senate -- admitted that he made honest mistakes that could and should have been avoided , " Gibbs continued .
" He made amends by paying the back taxes and interest that he owes . "
Gibbs then tried to explain why a candidate with tax woes was being tapped for the position , all the while making sure not to address whether the appointment could set any sort of tax amnesty precedences as the reporter had inferred .
" The president also believes that he has a unique experience , unique intelligence , and a unique background to tackle the economic crises that we face right now as a country and throughout the world , " Gibbs continued .
" That he will be a tremendous leader to our economic team and somebody that I think Americans will value having on their side as we try to turn this economy around and get people working again .
We look forward to that vote happening , to having a strong bipartisan record , on record with a strong bipartisan vote tonight , and if it 's done in the time we think it is , we may have -- we may go swear in a new secretary of Treasury soon .
Thanks , guys . "
The following video excerpts are from CNN.com , broadcast Jan. 26 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Not many people are aware that during the early 1930s , thousands of Americans emigrated from the United States to the USSR .
Some , many of them unemployed engineers and technical workers , went simply in search of employment in the Soviets ’ big push to industrialize ; others went in search of a better society they mistakenly believed the Communists were building .
No doubt , most of them became disillusioned after a while , if not immediately .
Worse , thousands of them were enmeshed in Stalin ’s purges of the latter 1930s and ended up in the Gulag , where prisoners endured an extraordinarily harsh life , usually cut short by a painful death after a few months or years .
Some of these victims managed to appeal to U.S. diplomats inside the USSR for help , only to be turned away by over - cautious junior - level careerists or , in effect , by supercilious higher - ups who were even more despicable .
Tim Tzouliadis has written a book about these things , The Forsaken : From the Great Depression to the Gulags Hope and Betrayal in Stalin ’s Russia .
For an interesting and informative review , see Adam Hochschild ’s article in The Times Literary Supplement , December 23 , 2008 .
HT : Elizabeth Higgs
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
While many U.S. cities worry that their economies are deteriorating to the level of the 1930s Great Depression , New York City fears reliving a more recent decade that features strongly in city lore .
An aerial view of New York City , November 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
The 1970s were a low point in city history as a fiscal crisis almost pushed it into bankruptcy , crime rates soared , and homeless people crowded sidewalks as public services crumbled .
Almost a million people fled New York ’s Mean Streets during the decade for the safer , more stable suburbs , a population decline that took more than 20 years to reverse .
When discussing the current crisis , Mayor Michael Bloomberg , now seeking a third term , promises that he will not allow the city to return to the darkness of those days , although he stresses that it faces “ giant financial problems . ”
“ I know some are concerned that city services will erode , ” he recently told reporters .
“ Let me remind you that the city went down that road in the 1970s ... I can just tell you that we are not going to make that mistake again . ”
But behind the rhetoric , there are signs of a city under growing stress , including a rise in homelessness that ’s driving more families to shelters and last year ’s 57 percent spike in bank robberies .
There were 444 bank robberies in 2008 compared with 283 in 2007 , according to the city Police Department .
A Bank of America branch in Manhattan near Rockefeller Center said it has posted a sign asking its customers to remove sunglasses , hoods and hats before entering , one of the anti-crime measures the police department recommended .
As city revenues slide with the demise of Wall Street firms , the mayor , an independent , has slashed spending by all agencies and there ’s more to come .
The budget plan drawn up by New York State Governor David Paterson will cost the city $ 1.6 billion in cuts and force it to lay off thousands of police officers , firefighters and teachers , Bloomberg warned last week .
The mayor has already said he will cut $ 3.6 billion , or 6 percent , from next year ’s $ 60 billion budget .
SLIDING TAX REVENUE
Wall Street ’s financial industry is one of the city ’s biggest taxpayers but it has lost more than $ 36 billion in the last two years and may eventually shrink its work force by a quarter , the mayor said .
That will deprive the city of billions of dollars in lost tax revenues , including the mini - bonanzas it gets when securities firms pay bonuses every year .
Factoring in layoffs at the many service companies from law firms to shops that rely on Wall Street , the city could lose as many as 243,000 jobs from 2008 to 2010 , economists say .
Meanwhile , raising funds has become harder for many states and cities around the nation as the tax - exempt bond market has been caught up in the broader financial market crisis .
Despite its high - credit status as semi- sovereign debt , the $ 2.7 trillion muni market has lost some of its biggest buyers -- banks , hedge funds and insurers .
Many of them have lost money and need cash to shore up their balance sheets .
The collapse of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns has returned the muni market to retail investors , its traditional client , but demand has been inconsistent .
Many individuals lost confidence in municipal bond insurers after their top ratings were slashed and were stung by last year ’s collapse of the auction - rate securities market .
New York City is one of the nation ’s premier issuers of municipal bonds and although capital markets have not temporarily locked it out as they have California , the city has slashed its average bond sales by a third .
So instead of selling $ 1 billion at once , it now sells just $ 300 million .
Still , the city can take heart from its experience of previous downturns , according to Harrison Goldin , the Democrat who began his first of four terms as city comptroller in 1974 .
New York “ has proven time and time again its enormous resiliency , ” said Goldin , who left office in 1989 and opened a turnaround consulting firm .
“ The city , obviously , is looking at a deteriorating economy and eroding revenues , but it has a full handle and grasp on the extent of the problems .
As painful and difficult as they may be , it is in a position to act pre-emptively and to avoid ending up in the sewer . ”
There are more safeguards than before , perhaps most notably in helping the poor get health care .
Dr. Unsup Kim of Elmhurst Hospital Center in Queens cited the development of trauma centers and programs for outpatients with chronic diseases as two key developments since he began running the public hospital ’s surgical department over 30 years ago .
Though narcotics - related violence has fallen and gunshot victims are more likely to survive , thanks to faster ambulatory times and medical advances , gangs can still be troublesome , Kim said .
He cited the recent stabbing of an 18 - year old in a fight that the patient said involved 20 people .
When the economy bloomed , Bloomberg was the nation ’s first politician to save money for public retirees ’ health care .
Monitors praise him for this and for improving high school graduation rates , cutting crime and refusing to sell assets to close budget holes .
Investors eventually balked in the 1970s when the city was issuing debt to pay operating expenses .
But Bloomberg is faulted for granting city workers overly generous pay hikes and approving too many real estate developments that have fallen apart in the credit crunch .
Though Wall Street ’s misdeeds pushed the global economy to the brink , the mayor says the city needs its talent .
So he aims to help these workers become entrepreneurs or learn green jobs .
That will increase employment faster than pouring money into infrastructure , which is unlikely to offer openings to office workers and clerks , he said .
A Scary Twist in Malware Evil-ution
Security experts are warning Internet users to be aware of a disturbing evolution in malicious software that can turn a single infected computer into a vehicle for stealing data from nearby systems , regardless of what operating system or security software those computers may be running .
The evolution comes compliments of the DNSChanger family of malware , which usually comes disguised as a codec or browser plug - in that a user is told he or she needs to install in order to view Web - based videos .
As its name suggests , the malware alters the domain name system ( DNS ) server settings on infected systems , effectively routing the victim 's Web searches and other online activities through servers that the attackers control .
DNSChanger can install on a Mac or Windows computer .
The added feature in the latest version of DNSChanger is that it installs its own DHCP server on the victim 's machine .
DHCP stands for " dynamic host control protocol , " and it is what wired and wireless routers use to hand out addresses to computers on a network .
In fact , most laptops are configured to automatically request an Internet address from any local wireless network that happens to be handing them out .
Why is this a big deal ?
By adding its own DHCP server to a host machine , DNSChanger can now offer nearby wireless - equipped devices an Internet address , complete with its own set of rogue DNS servers .
Craig Schmugar from McAfee breaks down the threat from this malware with the following scenario :
• Jill is using the free WiFi access point at her favorite coffee shop from her infected Windows laptop .
• Steve sits down at the next table and fires up his laptop , which requests an IP address over the wireless local area network .
• Jill 's PC injects a DHCP offer command to instruct Steve 's computer to route all DNS requests through a rogue DNS server .
• Steve fires up his Web browser and navigates to his favorite social networking site , but while the browser displays the correct URL name , the rogue DNS server has actually directed the browser to another site .
Symantec calls this variant Trojan .
Flush .M. McAfee says it does not appear to be widely implemented in the DNSChanger family as yet , but that it expects this will change soon , noting that DNSChanger is one of the most prolific strains of malware out there today .
What 's more , a single infected system could potentially impact hundreds of other systems on the local network .
TechCrunch の" Goolge社員が辞める理由 "
というのがなかなか面白い。ざーっと全部のスレッドを読んで見たので、いくつか気になったポイントを紹介しながらコメントつけてみたい。
I had an equally ridiculous hiring process - although mine actually seemed normal ( by Google standards ) until the result .
私も同様に馬鹿みたいに長い採用プロセスでした・・・。どうやら、他の人の話を聞いているとグーグルの基準では普通のようですが・・・
非常に多くの人が指摘しているのが採用プロセスの長さ。全部見た限りではこれが一番多くあげられている不満の模様。この事実は非常に興味深いというか、私にはかなり驚き。入社した後に「こんなはずじゃなかった・・・」と不満を覚えるのは分かるのだが、採用プロセスの長さは入社する前の話。「お前ら、じゃぁ初めから入社するなよ・・・」と思わず突っ込まずにはいられない。
このことはグーグルという若い会社の人事機能がまだ十分に整備されていないことを表す一方で、素晴らしい入社後の職場環境で結果をだすことができなかった方々の苦肉のグーグル批判とみることもできる。
When asked by friends and family why I was leaving I came up with an automobile analogy .
One auto has a 5 star crash safety rating , with good gas mileage , low maintenance costs and good performance .
Another , has bluetooth for your
mobile phone , 10 cup holders , sexy looking instrument panel , premium sound system , DVD player and seat warmer but has poor gas mileage , poor
performance , bad safety rating , expensive maintenance , etc .
Some will make a purchasing decision on what really matters ; safety , performance , serviceability .
Some will make a purchase based on “ how many
cup holders the car has ” .
Google is the car with all the sexy features but very little of what really matters .
家族や友人に何でグーグルを辞めたんだと聞かれると、いつも車のアナロジーを持ち出すんだ。
ある車は、最高の安全性を兼ね備え、燃費もものすごく良く、維持費も殆どかからない。別の車はブルートゥースの機能がついていて、ドリンクホルダーが10個くらいついていて、内装も最高にセクシーで、オーディオやDVDも最高級で、しかも座席を温かくする機能までついている。だけど、燃費や安全性は最低で、維持費はものすごくかかる。
安全性や性能やサービスの良さという本当に重要な点で車を選ぶ人もいれば、ドリンクホルダーがいくつついているかで車を選ぶ人もいる。グーグルはそういった意味では、全てのいかした機能( Sexy Features ) を持ち合わせているんだけど、本当に重要なところについてはいまいちな車のようなものなんだ。
このアナロジーに対してはきっとグーグル社員の中でも賛否がわかれるだろうが、かなり興味深い。美味しい社内食堂や金曜日のイベントなど、「他の会社と違う」というところにとかく目がいきがちだが、肝心の人事システムや報酬などの点ではグーグルは今ひとつという意見。基本がしっかりして、かつ特色にあふれるというのはよいのだが、特色にあふれるものの、ベースがしっかりしていないというようでは確かに困ってしまう。メディアは目をひく特徴しかとりあげないので、グーグル退職者のこういう声はなかなか参考になる。
But the old - timers certainly felt like they had to have tough interviews , and in many cases “ tough ” equated to things like trivia questions or brain teasers .
だけど、古くからグーグルで勤めている人は難しい面接をしなきゃいけないんだって思いがちだ。で、その難しいというのがやっかいで、トリビアめいた質問や頭の体操的な質問になりがちだ。
Sexy Featureというのは面接にも当てはまる話で、「 Googleではこんな難問が面接で提示されるらしい」とこれまた耳目を集めるひねりの聞いた質問はなされるが、その人が今まで何をして、何ができるのかという肝心の質問がおざなりになりがちとのこと。まぁ、面接者の資質に多分に依存するとは思うが、肩に力がはいり「気の利いた質問をしてやろう」と意気込み、本末転倒な珍面接になることが結構あるのだろう。
ただ、これが事実とするとグーグルにとってはやっかいだ。人員増加に伴い、表面的な「グーグル的」なことに憧れて入社した人が、表面的な「グーグル的」なことばかりおいかけて、実は普通以下のことしかできていないという可能性も十分にある。
The “ Google experience ” is substantially different outside of Mountain View .
And being outside of the Mountain View
culture bubble makes it that much harder to get taken seriously .
I honestly have no idea what it ’s like to work for Google outside of the US , but even when you ’re only 3 time zones away , it ’s sometimes hard to get noticed by Mountain View .
マウンテン・ビュー( グーグルの本社 )
とそれ以外でグーグルにおける経験は本質的に異なる。マウンテン・ビューの外のグーグルにいると、真剣にとりいってもらうことは非常に難しい。正直、アメリカ以外のグーグルで働くことがどんなことなのか全くわからないけど、少なくともタイムゾーンを3つ超えるとマウンテン・ビューに存在感を知らしめるのはかなり難しい。
これは、衝撃的なコメントであるとともに、さもありなんという感じである。要するに世で言われているグーグルというのはあくまでマウンテン・ビューのキャンパスの中の話であって、日本支社を含む他国のグーグルというのは、グーグルにあってグーグルにあらずだし、本社からしてみると殆ど存在感がないという話。上記以外にも同様のコメントはいくつか見られた。
グーグルを語るときに誰もが口にするのが「規模を拡大しながらも、その革新的な文化を維持できるのか」ということ。狙ってやったのか、図らずもそうなったのかはわからないが、アメリカ以外の国に支社を作ってビジネスを拡大しながらも、マウンテン・ビューの文化は守ることはできているようだ。ただ、その文化を世界のグーグル・オフィスに伝播させることが全くできていないという点は、グーグルのグローバル企業としての未成熟さであるし、グーグル日本支社を頭に浮かべると一抹の寂しさは覚える。まぁ、これは外資系企業に勤める人間の永遠のテーマではあるが。
The truth is that Google can be a really horrible place to work if you happen to run up against its shortcomings .
グーグルという場所は、はからずもグーグルの欠点にぶつかってしまうと、働くには本当に最低なところである、というのは真実だと思う。
最後の紹介となるが、上記の言葉はかなりグーグルの核心を突いているように思う。グーグル八分のとりつく島のない一方的な対応やアドセンスの強制打ち切りのような事例からもうかがえるように、グーグルというのは不幸にもその欠点に直撃してしまうと、文字通り最低な会社なのである。だが、その少数の人間の犠牲に目もくれず、大儀に向かって猛進するのが、グーグルの最大の強みであるように思う。
The assumption is that boosting the economy boosts demand for the consumer goods no longer being bought by the West .
But is that reasonable for hundreds of millions of people like Mr Zhao ?
China may have got richer in the past three decades , but many of its people have not .
He lives in the poorest county , Funan , of one of China 's poorest provinces , Anhui , and while his income of about 3,000 yuan a year ( £ 300 ) is not unusually low , it does not leave a lot spare for washing machines – even if he had running water to attach one to .
GClean
Denn Ihre Daten gehören
Ihnen
Die schöne kostenlose Digitalwelt hat einen kleinen Schönheitsfehler .
Wer Gratis - Dienste wie die Google Suche , den Chrome Web - Browser , das Videoportal YouTube , den Bilderdienst Picasa oder den 3D - Globus Google Earth einsetzt , gibt mit der Benutzung ein Stück vom eigenen Ich preis .
Man zahlt mit seinen eigenen Daten .
Viele Fragen sich zurecht :
Wie kann ich die ungewünschte Datenweitergabe verhindern ?
Die Gratis - Dienste verwalten Nutzerprofile oder verwenden Cookies .
Sie sammeln Informationen verschiedener
Art , die dann etwa genutzt werden , um dem Anwender perfekt auf ihn selbst zugeschnittene Werbung zu präsentieren .
Jeder von uns bezahlt also die Nutzung von Googles Diensten mit seinen privaten Daten .
Viele Anwender möchten es nicht länger zulassen , dass wie auch immer geartete Informationen an Dritte übermittelt werden .
Die Gegenwehr : GClean von Abelssoft dreht den Informationshahn zu und lässt den Datenfluss versiegen , der vom eigenen Rechner in die gewaltigen Rechenzentren führt .
GClean sucht auf dem Rechner nach vorhandenen Google Anwendungen und erlaubt es , die Übermittlung persönlicher Daten per Mausklick auszuschalten .
Dabei geht es etwa um die Dienste Google Suche , Google Mail , Google Maps , und viele weitere .
Allein bei Google Chrome ist es möglich , per Mausklick den Browserverlauf zu löschen , die Download - Liste auf Null zu setzen , Cookies zu killen , den Cache zu leeren , die gemerkten Passwörter zu vergessen und die Formulardaten zu beseitigen .
Der G - Radar verhindert zukünftige Abhörmassnamen - und schlägt Alarm , sobald ein Google - Dienst versucht , ein neues Cookie abzulegen .
Dazu gibt es einen BrowserCheck , der nach jedem Surfen prüft , ob sich etwas heimlich an den Browser - Einstellungen geändert hat .
GClean bietet die Möglichkeit , einen Löschantrag aus der Software heraus zu stellen , um Links aus dem Google - Index entfernen zu lassen , die einen selbst betreffen .
Ein solcher Antrag wird allerdings von Google geprüft .
Ein Link wird nur dann entfernt , wenn das allgemeine Persönlichkeitsrecht betroffen ist .
GClean unterstützt zur Zeit die folgenden Browser : Google Chrome , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Microsoft Edge , Mozilla Firefox , Opera , Apple Safari und t- online .de Browser .
This story may explain why Nintendo is overly careful with the casual audience and has announced services to help them out with technical procedures .
One woman who purchased a Wii for her children this Christmas jammed not one , not two , but three credit cards into the system .
The woman had asked a neighbor about the Wii , as she only purchased a few controllers with the console .
Inquired about which games are recommended , the neighbor suggested purchasing a few retail games in addition to classic games from the Wii Virtual Console .
Naturally , the woman was also unclear about how the VC works , and the neighbor noted that “ all she needed to do was put in her credit card when prompted on the Shop Channel . ”
It should n’t be a surprise what happened here .
The woman later called up the neighbor , and complained that the Wii was n’t working .
What did she do ?
She put three credit cards into the Wii disc slot .
You might be wondering why she put in three .
She put the first one in , thinking it could n’t be accepted , so she tried two other credit cards .
Apparently the woman is now expecting the neighbor to pay for the damages .
You can take this story for what it is , though .
I do n’t necessarily think that this was fabricated , but there are no pictures to prove otherwise .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
A change in status
Canonical , the company behind the popular Ubuntu Linux distribution , has announced plans to overhaul desktop notifications .
The project is part of a broader initiative that the company launched earlier this year to boost the usability of the Linux software ecosystem .
Transient visual notifications are employed extensively in desktop applications to provide users with passive updates about application status or system events .
Some typical usage scenarios include notifying users when they receive new e-mail , when an instant messaging buddy signs online , or when a CD finishes burning .
The current status of notifications on Linux
The most widely - used notification system on the Linux desktop today is based on the FreeDesktop.org ( FDO ) notification specification .
The spec , which was authored by the developers behind the Galago project , describes a standardized API that can be accessed through the desktop - neutral D - Bus interprocess communication protocol to display visual notifications on the user 's desktop .
The authors of the spec supply a reference implementation called notification - daemon that is shipped with the GNOME desktop environment in many popular Linux distributions .
An accompanying library , called libnotify , provides a lightweight abstraction layer that helps applications interact with the daemon .
Although notification - daemon is included in many distros and is used heavily by GNOME applications and many components of the desktop environment itself , the GNOME community has consistently rejected proposals to formally include it as a core dependency of the environment because it still has some technical limitations and usability issues that need to be addressed .
The lead notification - daemon developer , Christian Hammond , is very busy with other projects and does n't have much time to work on the notification system .
In October , following the release of GNOME 2.24 , the GNOME community began the process of nominating modules for inclusion in the next major version of the desktop environment .
Developer Colin Walters proposed notification - daemon once again and started a new discussion about its suitability .
The outcome of this discussion was productive on several levels .
Hammond acknowledged the need for additional maintainers to help apply patches and also proposed migrating the source code over to GNOME 's subversion repository .
Last month , he announced the first new libnotify and notification - daemon release since 2007 .
It contains several much - needed bug fixes and a new preference tool for configuring the default notification bubble theme and position .
Canonical 's vision for better notifications
As the notification - daemon project is regaining some of its lost momentum , there is a very clear need for strong technical leadership and usability expertise to help accelerate development and make notifications shine on the desktop .
Canonical has identified this task as an ideal starting point for its new desktop experience engineering team .
In a blog entry written Monday , Ubuntu overlord Mark Shuttleworth has outlined some ideas for a next - generation notification system .
These ideas , which are based on collaborative design discussions that took place during the recent Ubuntu Developer Summit in California , include some controversial concepts that will subtly alter the way that visual notifications are used .
Although the changes will create challenges for application developers , the new approach also promises to reduce the intrusiveness of notifications and increase usability in a number of compelling ways .
Shuttleworth says that notifications should be simplified to completely eliminate the need for user interaction .
To accommodate that goal , the new notification system will not support response buttons or any other interactive elements .
This change is intended to reduce the disruption caused by notifications .
He says that applications which require persistent notifications should use panel notification area icons and that conventional popups and other mechanisms can be used for messages that require an interactive response .
The new notification system will leverage modern compositing functionality to increase the aesthetic quality of the notification bubbles and reduce their detrimental impact on usability .
On systems that support compositing , the notifications will be displayed with a translucent background so that it will be possible to see what is behind them when they obscure content on the screen .
When the user moves the mouse cursor over a bubble , the level of opacity will adjust so that the bubble is barely visible .
Users will be able to click through and interact with the elements behind the bubbles as if the notifications do n't even exist .
These visual effects , which are demonstrated in a mockup video that Shuttleworth published this morning , are impressive and could make notifications feel like a more natural part of the desktop .
A Video courtesy of Mark Shuttleworth full size version is available from his web site .
Implementation details
To make these features a reality , Canonical will be creating a new implementation of the notification specification .
It will be compatible with the existing notification - daemon in many ways and will support the same basic D - Bus API .
This means that libnotify will still work with the new daemon and some applications will be able to function properly with the new system without requiring any modifications .
It will not be 100 percent compatible , however , and some applications will have to be modified .
The notification spec defines several sets of capabilities and provides applications with a method for querying the daemon to determine what capabilities are supported .
Unfortunately , very few applications actually take that step and many programs are designed with the assumption that the ubiquitous reference implementation is the one in use .
Those applications will not work properly with the new system and will have to be changed in order to be fully compatible .
The Ubuntu developers plan to update the applications in the main Ubuntu software repositories so that they will work with the new notification system .
During the transition period , a fallback mechanism will also be included to prevent users from losing functionality in applications that currently require buttons on notifications .
I discussed these plans with Canonical developers Ted Gould and Mathew Paul Thomas who are working on the notification system .
They have several ideas about how to encourage application developers to make their software compatible with the new system .
They also shared with me several of the technical challenges that they expect to face during the transition .
They think that getting major desktop applications to support the new system will be relatively easy , but where they foresee difficulty is in getting independent developers to update the countless one - off utilities that leverage notifications for various specialized purposes .
It 's very easy to write simple scripts that tie together various platform services via D - Bus and use notifications as an interface .
We demonstrated how to do this in our review of Pidgin last year .
Those kinds of scripts will be the hardest to accommodate and will depend heavily on the fallback mechanism until individual developers convert all of them .
These kinds of custom utilities are used at some large Ubuntu deployments , including some at universities and other similar facilities .
Another challenge will be providing an adequate user experience on systems that do n't support compositing .
Translucency is a fundamental aspect of the design for the new notification system , but this feature requires Compiz or some other compositing window manager .
Not all users can or will run a compositing window manager .
On a lot of conventional hardware , this requires proprietary binary drivers , which makes it ideologically unpalatable to free software purists .
The notification system will likely be designed to degrade gracefully in such scenarios but will only provide the full scope of functionality when compositing is available .
Adele
Santogold [ aka the American singer Santi White ] is a real icon ; amazing songs , fantastic style and she 's innovative too .
I 'm really envious of her writing ; especially stuff like " L.E.S. Artistes " , which she wrote about all the posers in the Lower East Side of New York .
The production on her [ self - titled ] album is brilliant and she 's a great live performer .
Talk about the whole package !
Joan Wasser - ( Joan as Police Woman )
Made in the Dark by Hot Chip has everything I need : crazy - catchy songs that make me dance like a freaky freak ; unique sounds that are cared for ; lyrics that are beautifully sung , emotional and direct .
When I saw Hot Chip perform at Electric Picnic this summer , I literally ran to their show the moment after we 'd finished ours .
Hot Chip 's music is unafraid .
It is art for art 's sake and because of this I consider it humanitarian .
I also have crushes on Joe and Felix .
You just can't help it .
Duff McKagan - Velvet Revolver
The moment I heard Saturnalia by The Gutter Twins I knew it was a classic .
Master songwriters Mark Lanegan and Greg Dulli have been moulding their band for a few years now and have at last produced something as cool as one might hope for .
I got to see them live this past September at a festival in Spain and it was nothing short of a religious experience .
There have been bigger hard - rock releases in 2008 , but for sheer substance you can't fault The Gutter Twins .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Will Gregory - Goldfrapp
Fleet Foxes ' self - titled debut was refreshing .
It sounds like a performance they really enjoyed , like they sang their way through the dark months around a fire made from some old church pews .
I have n't heard that much reverb on a record since Simon & Garfunkel 's " The Boxer " !
Fleet Foxes was one of Alison 's favourites , too .
We felt solidarity as we'd also made an album that was folky without being too earnest .
Grasshopper - Mercury Rev
Black Mountain's
In the Future delivers heavy - yet - trippy sagas about angels and witches and bright lights and barbed wire .
Songs such as " Stormy High " and " Wild Wind " take me on a journey that makes for a disconcerting , hallucinogenic and filmic experience of the best psychedelic / cathartic kind .
Jay Sean
My respect for One Republic 's lead singer Ryan Tedder grew when I found out that he also penned Leona Lewis 's " Bleeding Love " .
His own band 's album Dreaming Out Loud showcases beautiful singing and seriously strong songwriting .
Unlike most contemporary guitar bands , they produce their vocals in a way that is usually associated with R&B or soul .
It makes them stand out from the crowd .
Nicola Roberts - Girls Aloud
Beyoncé 's demure attitude and " Sasha Fierce " persona make her a well - rounded artist ; her I Am ... Sasha Fierce album gives the best of both worlds .
On disc one , her lyrics emphasise how a woman 's mind works , and I love that .
" If I Were a Boy " is the biggest female empowerment song I 've heard in years .
Disc two ?
Wowzer !
That Sasha Fierce is all diva .
Here , Beyoncé teaches girls to have a little bit of attitude – and why not ?
Every woman on earth should learn from what Beyoncé is saying .
She 's an inspiration to me .
Go girl !
Lisa Pyk Wirstrom - Those Dancing Days
I was in the grey zone of boring music , and then – boom !
– I heard MGMT and became best friends with Oracular Spectacular .
All those weird sound - effects and jungle rhythms – it's a record that makes me leave the earth and live in the fantasyland of MGMT .
Right now , my favourite tracks are " Of Moons , Birds & Monsters " , " The Handshake " and " Future Reflections " .
The album has inspired me a lot in my life , not just in making music .
Nick Hodgson - Kaiser Chiefs
Like Is This It by The Strokes or Definitely Maybe by Oasis , Vampire Weekend 's self - titled debut album is something I 'm going to play and play .
That sense of making a major discovery gets more rare as I get older , so to find something brand new that made me feel that way was fantastic .
It 's not down to one or two tracks , either – the whole album 's great .
Master Shortie
Lupe Fiasco's
The Cool skilfully touches on social issues rarely tackled by today 's more commercial rappers .
War , child labour , celebrity culture and Aids – the way Lupe ( left ) explores these subjects without depressing or turning off the casual hip - hop fan is an inspiration .
Lighter tracks such as " Paris , Tokyo " and " Go Baby " serve as clever breaks from Lupe 's compelling political wordplay .
A true superstar .
Emmylou Harris
My pick is Dirt Farmer by Levon Helm .
The Band are one of the most influential groups and Levon is one of my favourite singers and drummers .
He has a groove unlike anybody else .
When he got throat cancer we were afraid that we'd lose him , but he came roaring back , voice intact .
He gives concerts in a barn on his property in Woodstock , and he gets different people to sit in with him .
This album is a triumph of spirit and his miraculous recovery .
Jim Kerr - Simple Minds
A few months ago , I turned on Later ... with Jools Holland and was mesmerised by Grace Jones performing " Williams Blood " .
It was wonderful to see a bona - fide star go about her duties , slipping her dress up over her panty crotch as she performed this year 's finest song .
Grace 's Hurricane was a phenomenal return to form that no one really anticipated .
Twenty - six years ago , a couple of tokes on some strong California grass meant I had to retire to my room , forgoing the chance to meet the great woman .
Had I done so I would have undoubtedly asked her to marry me .
John Dieterich - Deerhoof
When I played a non -band set in Oakland , California , opening for the Italian band Father Murphy , they completely floored me .
I had never heard of them until then , but their album And He Told Us Not To Turn to the Sun packs some of the most original , beautiful music I 'd heard in a long time – think eerily spacious songs with strange yet perfect arrangements .
And such nice people !
I 'm a huge fan .
Mike Scott - The Waterboys
For melody and boldness , it has to be The Last Shadow Puppets ' The Age of the Understatement .
I loved the album 's cocktail of bombast and spunk and their consummate reclaiming of a movement 's worth of sonic debris from some lost early - Sixties hinterland .
Wonderful string arrangements and killer vocals ; a brilliant confection all round .
Also terrific : their " B - side " cover of Bowie 's " In the Heat of the Morning " .
Nina Persson - The Cardigans / A Camp
Wild Birds & Peacedrums are a new - ish Swedish duo who are unlike anything I 've heard before .
I found their album The Snake when we were rediscovering the magic of double drum kits à la Adam and The Ants .
The whole record is just drums and gorgeous female vocals from a husband and wife duo , which I 'm biased towards since I play in a band with my hubby .
You do the dishes after dinner , then you do some overdubs .
Later on , lying in bed , you can roll over and whisper : " Was that French horn out of tune ? "
Lemar
Viva La Vida by Coldplay .
Lyrically it 's very deep and the musicianship throughout the record is great .
It 's a progression , but it 's not a complete departure from their previous albums .
I love that line in " Lost " that goes : " Just because I 'm losing / Does n't mean I 'm lost . "
Coldplay working with Brian Eno was always going to make for a fabulous record .
Scott Hutchison - Frightened Rabbit
Lykke Li's album Youth Novels had a huge impact on me .
I saw her perform live before I heard the album and I was completely captivated by her unique , ethereal voice .
The album is simple , spare dance music with a lot of depth lyrically .
She sings about chance encounters and failed relationships , but the music is quite quirky and upbeat .
On record , she sounds quite fragile , but live she 's very powerful .
There 's a song on the album called " Tonight " – it 's luscious .
Ronan Keating - Boyzone
If you 're looking for a timeless pop record , The Killers delivered again .
Day &
Age is full of feel - good electronic moments , but it also has a sense of melancholy .
It 's not what you 'd expect from a " rock " band , but I like that .
Lead singer Brandon Flowers is the perfect front man , making great performances sound incredibly simple .
The Pigeon Detectives
We got hold of The Virgins ' self - titled album when we were looking for supports for our winter tour .
It 's one of those classics where every tune sounds like a single .
You can hear influences from The Clash to the Stones to The Strokes , but ultimately it has its own style .
Hopefully , 2009 will bring The Virgins success in the UK .
" Private Affair " and " One Week of Danger " are massive tunes .
James Walsh - Starsailor
Panic at the Disco's Pretty .
Odd .
I could n't get their absurd single " Nine in the Afternoon " out of my head .
It took a leap of faith for a 28 - year - old to go in and buy the album , but I 'm glad I did .
I saw PATD at The Astoria , and a mass of teenagers worshipped singer Brendan 's every word .
In an era when music is fashion it 's great that four geeky lads from across the pond have come through .
Kathryn Williams
I bumped into the Scottish folk musician James Yorkston on a train .
We were both nursing hangovers .
His When the Haar Rolls
In is tender , peaceful and raw ; it puts lovely pictures in my head .
I also liked [ Mercury Prize winner ]
The Seldom Seen Kid by Elbow .
Amadou - Amadou & Mariam
We listen to the radio a lot when we tour , and the album we love is Freedom by Akon .
The way he sings sometimes reminds me of Bob Marley .
We spent time together in Berlin during the World Cup in 2006 and he remixed our song " Coulibaly " for us .
It would be nice to work together again .
James Morrison
I 'm a big fan of Ray LaMontagne 's Gossip in the Grain .
He 's got a distinctive voice and he's a great songwriter ; emotional , poetic , enigmatic .
The album is slow and soothing and it draws you in .
I like " Meg White " , a loving song for the White Stripes drummer .
Malcolm Middleton
Ladyhawke by Ladyhawke is a beautifully crafted piece of plagiarism referencing every good song from the late Seventies / early Eighties .
Ladyhawke have great ideas and a terrific lack of irony / self - awareness not heard since Now That 's What I Call Music Vol 2 .
Parts of the album helped me glimpse the winter mornings of my schooldays , me with cold toast and syrup , back burning against a radiator , while Pat Benatar 's Tropico drilled a hole in my youth .
For fans of Stevie Nicks , Buggles and the Yamaha DX7 .
Charlotte Hatherley
Life was strange in 2008 .
Things went wrong towards the end .
In such times , I 'm drawn towards pop delirium and instant , life - affirming hits .
The Ting Tings did it for me big time , but MGMT win out because their melodic majesty makes everything seem better .
Oracular Spectacular pushes all the right retro buttons .
It ain't hard ; it just makes you want to dance away the blues .
The Soulwax remix of " Kids " blew my brains out .
And MGMT are hot !
Jack Savoretti
Bon Iver 's For Emma Forever
Ago is such a genuine - sounding album ; not necessarily original , but every note has a purpose .
The fact he [ Justin Vernon , aka Bon Iver ] recorded it in the middle of nowhere seemed to focus him ; it 'll be hard to follow up .
Despite it being a warm , kind record it 's got real drive ; listen in the car and you start accelerating .
James Allan - Glasvegas
I liked the Thomas Tantrum album Rage Against the Tantrum .
Rhythmically they 're a bit like Television and their singer Megan Thomas has that Kate Bush eccentricity .
Chop -LP by Dennis Hopper Choppers is great as well .
It 's got this creepy rockabilly sound and the songs are fantastic .
Paul Carrack
As a proverbial grumpy old man who 's fairly oblivious to new music , I chanced upon Aidan Smith 's " Drapes of Black " on the radio .
I immediately downloaded his album Allotments and was delighted .
Normally I do n't like anything recorded after 1969 , but this was a breath of fresh air and unlike anything else in my collection .
It reminds me of my childhood in the North : brass bands , ukuleles and pub singsongs .
Allotments is a gem .
Isobel Campbell
I 'm biased , but I love what The Gutter Twins do together .
My favourite Saturnalia track is " Bete Noire " – it 's groovy and dark , with Mark Lanegan singing " a long dead animal is on your trail " .
I also dug Provisions by Giant Sand and Dig , Lazaru , Dig ! by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds .
The Bonnie Prince Billy album Lie Down in the Light is also pretty great , as he so often is .
Tim Burgess - The Charlatans
Ladyhawke's self - titled record blurs genres and eras brilliantly , yet still sounds contemporary .
A girl who came to our show at The Astoria gave it to me on vinyl , and I quickly fell in love with it .
" My Delirium " has an amazing vibe , and the video for " Dusk Till Dawn " is really inventive .
David Harrington - The Kronos Quartet
Black Mirror : Reflections in Global Musics [ 1918 - 1954 ] is an incredible album .
Track 15 " Smyrneiko Minore " , sung by Marika Papagika , has the most amazing note I 've ever heard on a recording .
As a " maker of notes " I try to be alert to those who create indelible moments of musical elucidation , and Marika 's note now resides within me as a complex point of ultimate resolve tempered with despair .
It gives a new voice to a teeming world of music that could have been lost for ever .
Sharleen Spiteri
I love the sound of the self - titled debut album by my fellow Glaswegians Glasvegas .
It 's a very open and expansive record ; the melodies , the big reverb , the sentiment – it 's all great .
The lyrics are very modern and hard - hitting , yet they 've set them against an upbeat , Phil Spector - style wall of sound .
Glasvegas have come out of nowhere with a special debut .
Craig Finn - The Hold Steady
Black Mountain's
In the Future inspired me .
I 've been a fan of theirs from the first record , but I got my mind blown at ATP vs Pitchfork , where they dominated the line - up of the whole festival .
I honestly think Black Mountain 's next record could be as big as a Radiohead or My Morning Jacket record in terms of its scope , grandeur and hugeness .
I look forward to what happens next .
Teddy Thompson
I 'm going to go for Randy Newman and Harps & Angels .
Maybe it 's not his greatest record , but it 's close .
He 's still better than anyone else at writing those witty , conversational songs that make you nod and laugh out loud when you listen .
The arrangements are so beautiful that you can forgive the odd schmaltzy moment ; Newman is a real composer and the inventiveness that goes into every song puts us " pop " musicians to shame .
An old - fashioned big production .
Kelly Jones - Stereophonics
We had the Oasis record Dig Out Your Soul , Kings of Leon 's Only By the Night , Elbow and so on on the tour bus , but MGMT 's Oracular Spectacular stood out from the rest .
I saw them play at the Oxegen festival and they delivered great tunes in a new way , dressed like some gang from [ the 1979 film ]
The Warriors .
I heard that MGMT disbanded before they even started , then someone found their demo and convinced them to get back together .
I guess it was meant to be .
Kate Rusby
For me , it was a close race between Coldplay 's Viva La Vida and Noah and the Whale 's self - titled album .
Coldplay seem to be bursting with fantastic songs .
My favourite track is " Reign of Love " ; Chris Martin 's voice is emotive and strong , but also gentle and comforting .
It makes me feel like everything 's going be OK , and sometimes that 's just what you need .
Noah and the Whale , by contrast , is such a cute album .
I adore all the little beeps and clangs and the other noises it has .
It 's happy , summer music .
A documentary is a fact - based ( non-fictional ) film that describes certain aspects of reality .
Usably , this kind of film does not employ professional actors , with the notable exception within the genre “ Docudrama ” .
The “ real ” documentary is characterized through its journalistic - scientific research and it strives to adhere to known facts .
The presentation of visual images and also the style of the narrator , try to present the truth , without personal statements or distortion of reality .
Since the development of the motion picture , in the beginning of the 20th century , documentaries have been made .
One of the first was the work of the French cinematographer Joseph - Louis Mundwiller ( 1886 - 1967 ) : the 7 - minute documentary “ Moscow Clad in Snow ” ( 1909 ) .
This site proudly presents some of the best free documentaries available .
You can browse documentaries by categories from the menu and watch your favorite film online via stream .
How about an epic PC versus console gaming smackdown , in the tradition of end - of - year numbers lists ?
I spent part of 2008 taking polite shots at PC foibles like Microsoft 's halfhearted Games for Windows initiative , the functionality and game support travesties that plagued Vista for the better part of 2007 into 2008 , PC gaming 's dwindling stable of A - list exclusives , and the short - term - gains mentality that 's increasingly dropping eggs in low - risk baskets labeled " World of Warcraft " and " The Sims . "
So here 's my last minute about - face defending the PC as a viable games platform , and a friendly rejoinder to Techradar 's " 12 reasons console gaming beats PCs . "
1. PCs are scalable .
Sure , it 's a glass half - full or half - empty proposition , because component upgrades often vandalize ( and scandalize ) your wallet .
Question is , would you rather have a platform that can play nearly anything , past to present , contingent on do - it - yourself propensity ?
Or be locked into a restrictively governed molding that 's only changed out once every half - decade or so ?
2. PC games are endlessly manipulable .
Another " your mileage may vary " point , because tinkering 's not for everyone , and plenty of people just want something that works .
On the other hand , if you 've only played Far Cry 2 on a console , you 've been prowling around in visuals that only shadow the game 's tricked - out PC sibling .
And while stuff like NVIDIA 's PhysX is accessible on NVIDIA - derivative consoles , do n't expect Mirror 's Edge to ever look as gleefully dissolvable on a PS3 or Xbox 360 as its physics - enhanced PC version .
Also :
Two words = mod scene .
3. PCs ape consoles in emulation .
Here 's a point often missed .
PCs can be nearly any past - tense console , by hook or by crook .
Miss stuff like Rare 's Wizards & Warriors ?
The original tag - team Mario Bros .?
Mega Man ?
Berzerk ?
No need to track down a moldering Atari 2600 or original NES , or Edward Stratton III 's original Tempest arcade box .
Just find an emulator and a stack of ROMs , or a Flash or Java site like PlayNES .
net running scads of these in ostensibly legal emulation ( including save - state options ! ) and you 're golden .
4. PCs can be anywhere .
If you 're living in the 1970s , you think computers still hunker in lightless basements , or converted linen closets , or musty shag - carpeted attics .
I 've never parked my PC anywhere other than a desk / armoire / piped - and - fluted - hybrid in a living room within cabling distance of my Dolby - fied flat - screened piece - de- resistance .
Swapping between a desktop LCD and your larger living room variety is a snap , not to mention that doing so offers more audio / video playback options than any of the console manufacturers .
5. Keyboard and mouse beats all .
We 've yet to see an interface as intuitive and broadly commanding ( and that 's including Nintendo 's vaunted Wiimote and nunchuk ) .
6. PCs do gamepads , surprise !
Take that , all you blinkered QWERTY mockers .
Got an Xbox 360 controller ?
Plug it into your PC and games like Dead Space and Gears of War adapt instantly .
What 's more , I dare anyone to invoke a console 's comparably foggy web browser and tap out a response to this point , cycling through detached - panel ASCII symbols and frantically pulling triggers , one tedious sequential character at a time .
7. Consoles go kaplooey , too .
I 'll see your " blue screen " and raise you a " red ring " or two ( or 33 percent of total , if those early estimates were accurate ) .
Leave your pity for PC gamers at the door , because consoles are just as prone to bellying up when something short circuits in quality control .
( Because , hate to break it to you , consoles are PCs too ! )
And memo : Game - breaking creepy - crawlies and PC - style firmware updates and patches have consoles on the hook these days , too .
8. Consoles could vanish tomorrow , but PC gaming is forever .
Planning to solve for the unified theory of everything while lounging on your sofa in front of you new 50 - inch plasma power - gobbler ?
Chances are , not so much .
Feng
Shui your heart out , you still need a place to spread the tree - ware and focus without distractions .
Vive la PC !
In the end , PC gaming soldiers on in part because the business - to - casual range of our daily activities remains wildly PC - centric .
" And it plays games too ? "
There you go .
9. PC games are stylistically unbounded .
It 's like the Irving Berlin song : Anything consoles can do , PCs can do better .
There 's nothing consoles offer that PCs ( and PC games ) can't , and we 're talking strictly one - way negotiation .
Anything that requires fast - switch precision movement 's out the window on a 360 , Wii , or PS3 .
Real - time strategy games are a tangled mess on consoles , and while certain tactical third - person shooters work well enough , a decent mouse / keyboard gamer will repeatedly roast anyone wielding a pair of comparably clumsy thumb - sticks .
Do n't get me started on the complete lack of console support for serious simulations and wargames .
10 . PCs are the creative heart of video gaming .
This is where the grandest , wackiest , coolest , hippest , least predictable stuff in gaming 's happening , folks .
Hands down and bar none .
Do n't believe me ?
Then you need to try more stuff like Crayon Physics , DCS Black Shark , Synaesthete , Fret Nice , and for goodness sake spend some time with Iron Dukes .
( Want some more ?
See my February 2008 feature on " Award Winning Indie Games . " )
11 . PC games cost less .
I 'm not saying it makes a lick of sense ( it does n't ) but Epic 's Gears of War cost 60 bucks when it debuted on the 360 .
When it hit the PC with brand new content , that price dropped to $ 50 , and that 's still the going rate for PC A - listers .
A $ 10 delta may sound trivial if you only buy a few games a year , but even two games a month is pushing $ 240 -- enough to fund a new Xbox 360 or Nintendo Wii every 365 days .
12 . Online PC matchmaking is free .
I realize it's only Microsoft dragging its base through the mud here , and analysts claiming Xbox Live offers something unique are simply wrong .
Still , it 's worth mentioning that online PC matchmaking and multiplayer are , and always have been free .
It 's not a luxury item , it 's not a special service , it 's not a value proposition -- it's an entrenched and completely reasonable customer expectation .
13 . Piracy ai n't just a PC problem .
Console piracy rates barely scratch the PC 's reportedly onerous numbers , but the former 's are n't exactly waning .
The more people playing console games , the more the scene laser - targets each console 's proprietary padlocks , the more increasingly end - user - friendly workaround hacks and mod-jobs and firmware - fooling pre-insert ROM disc tools flood the market .
While there may be cash to have short - term by switching gears , abandoning the PC over piracy rates may turn out to be yet another iteration of the " grass - is - greener " myth .
14 . PCs excel at family - hotseat - group - play , too .
First of all , You Don't Know Jack was working the lines long before the likes of Scene It !.
Second , sure , there 's stuff like Buzz Quiz and , you know , Amercan Idol Encore 2 on tap , but they 're still a tiny fraction of the broader number of family - friendly party games you can pull up ( many for free ) and play on your PC , whether piped through an office monitor or jacked into your Dolby / plasma master - lounge - center .
15 . PC display screens trump living room TVs .
The old anti-CRT / NTSC argument is finally weakening now that HDTVs with 1080 p have a foot in , but I 'll still see your 1920 x 1080 max lines of resolution and raise you 3840 x 2400 while you 're waiting for market momentum to clumsily foist the Next Big Thing on entertainment centers ( while online entertainment providers ironically bleed the life out of picture quality by compressing the heck out of on - demand digital video ) .
Okay , so picture quality 's not as big a deal these days for non-videophiles , and graphics bickering is pretty 1990s .
Still , I needed a 15th point , so there you go !
The family of German billionaire Adolf Merckle , who threw himself in front of a train on Monday evening , have said the financial crisis was to blame for his suicide .
More news German financial crisis
Car makers suffer as exports slump German car makers are among the companies suffering most in the face of a slump in exports as the financial crisis starts to bite in Germany .
Gaza conflict fear Israelis turn to prayer as war continues Increasing numbers of Israelis are turning to prayer as the war in the Gaza Strip continues , with many stricken by fear but determined to win .
The 74 - year - old tycoon , owner of Ratiopharm and parts of HeidelbergCement and said to be worth € 10 billion , died shortly after 7 pm in Schelklingen , Baden - Wuerttemberg .
He had hit the headlines recently for losing up to € 1 billion in the value of shares he owned in companies including car giant Volkswagen .
Merckle 's own companies had been thrown into financial turmoil because of his problems .
Just one day before his death , it was revealed that he had receieved a bridging loan of more than €400 million .
Merckle leaves behind wife Ruth , sons Ludwig , Philipp Daniel and Tobias and daughter , Jutta .
His family released a personal statement about his death : " His firms were in a state of financial emergency resulting from the economic crisis .
The insecurities this fuelled in the past few weeks , such as the feeling of powerlessness and lack of control , is what led to the breakdown , and death , of this passionate family businessman . "
Car makers are amongst the companies suffering the most in the face of a slump in exports as the financial crisis bites in Germany .
Tall and lean , with a wispy mustache and shy smile , 17 - year - old Burhan Hassan chalked up A ’s last fall as a senior at Roosevelt High School , vowing to become a doctor or lawyer .
After school and on weekends , he studied Islam at the nearby Abubakar As - Saddique mosque .
He joined its youth group .
“ He wanted to go to Harvard , ” said his uncle Osman Ahmed .
“ That was his dream . ”
Instead Hassan has gone to Somalia , the anarchic East African nation that his family fled when he was a toddler .
On election day , Hassan and five other youths slipped away from their homes here , and anguished family members now say they may have joined a Taliban - style Islamic militia that U.S. authorities call a terrorist organization .
Advertisement
The youths , who have U.S. passports , followed a well - trod trail from Minneapolis to Mogadishu .
Another group took off in August .
The FBI believes that over the last two years , 12 to 20 Minnesotans have gone to Somalia .
As a result , a joint terrorism task force led by the FBI is scrambling to determine if extremist Islamic groups are seeking recruits here in the nation ’s largest Somali community -- as well as in San Diego , Seattle , Boston and other cities .
“ We ’re aware that these guys have traveled from Minneapolis and other parts of the country , ” said E.K. Wilson , the FBI spokesman here .
“ Our concern obviously is they ’ve been recruited somehow to fight or to train as terrorists . ”
Topping their concern is the case of Shirwa Ahmed , a 27 - year - old former Minneapolis resident who went to Somalia in 2007 -- and who may be what Wilson called “ the first occasion of a U.S. citizen suicide bomber . ”
Advertisement
Officials believe the naturalized American was on a terrorist team that detonated five car bombs in two northern Somali cities on Oct. 29 , killing at least 30 people , including U.N. aid workers .
Ahmed phoned his sister in Minneapolis a day before the bombings to say he would not see her again , according to a family friend .
“ She thought he was sick , ” the friend said .
The next day , someone else called from Somalia to say he had “ gone to paradise ” as a martyr for Islam .
The FBI brought back bone fragments and other remains found in Bosaso , one of the blast sites , Wilson said .
DNA tests established Ahmed ’s identity .
He was buried in a Muslim funeral in Burnsville , south of Minneapolis , on Dec. 3 .
Advertisement
Ahmed had not been on the FBI ’s radar before the bombings .
And his death raised fears that someone trained in Somalia might import terrorist tactics to America .
“ There is always a concern about spillover , bleed - out , call it what you will , ” said a U.S. official tracking the case who requested anonymity when discussing U.S. intelligence matters .
“ Especially if they were to return on a U.S. passport . ”
In late November , Homeland Security officials put the imam of the Abubakar As- Saddique mosque and the coordinator of its youth group on a no - fly list .
They were barred at Minneapolis - St. Paul International Airport from leaving on a pilgrimage to Mecca .
The imam , Abdirahman Ahmed , did not respond to interview requests .
In a posting on its website , the mosque said it “ unequivocally condemns ” suicide bombings and other terrorist acts .
It blamed the travel ban on “ false , unsubstantiated rumors . ”
Advertisement
The leader of another mosque under scrutiny , the Darul Da’wah center in St. Paul , Minn. , denied rumors in the Somali community that the alleged suicide bomber and several other missing men were among his followers .
“ Nobody who is part of my mosque left for Somalia except one man who went for his health , ” the imam , Hassan A. Mohamud , insisted in an interview last week .
“ He left for depression , stress that he was feeling , and he will be back in three months . ”
It might seem odd to seek a restorative cure in a country that has been mired in war for 18 years and now is known for its pirates .
But many Somalis in Minneapolis retain strong political and social ties to the intrigues and battles in their homeland .
“ They each support a particular warlord back in Somalia , ” Omar Jamal , head of the Somali Justice Advocacy Center , explained as he puffed on a huge hookah at the crowded Pyramids Cafe and Shisha Lounge .
Advertisement
Somali refugees began flocking to America in the early 1990s when their homeland erupted in famine and civil war -- a chaotic bloodletting portrayed in Hollywood ’s “ Black Hawk Down . ”
Like Hmong refugees before them , many Somalis moved to Minnesota for good schools , community aid and unskilled jobs in meat - processing plants and factories .
A thriving Somali community , estimated at 60,000 , has taken root in the state .
The largest group lives in and around a bleak cluster of high - rise apartments beside a busy highway in eastern Minneapolis , an area known as Little Mogadishu .
Women in thick shawls scurry down the icy streets as men in skullcaps pray in storefront mosques and cluster at a local Starbucks .
Jobs are scarce and school dropout rates are high .
According to police , gangs with names like Somali Mafia and Murda Squad killed seven people last year .
Advertisement
Saeed Fahia , a community activist and local historian , said many youths struggle with alienation in the cultural cross-fire of Somali tradition and American freedom .
“ They ’re easy to manipulate , ” he said .
Those who went to Somalia , he added , “ are trying to find a mission in life .
They ’re trying to find out where they came from and who they are . ”
Many local Somalis bitterly opposed the Ethiopian invasion of their homeland in 2006 .
The U.S. - backed force overthrew an Islamic coalition seen as having briefly brought peace , and installed in its place an unpopular regime .
Among the rebel forces now fighting to seize power is Shabab , aka the Youth .
The hard - line Islamist militia controls much of southern and central Somalia , and is considered the strongest insurgent faction .
Advertisement
In declaring Shabab a terrorist organization last February , the State Department called it “ a violent and brutal extremist group with a number of individuals affiliated with Al Qaeda ” -- including the terrorists who bombed the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 .
It ’s not clear that the still - missing Minnesotans have joined Shabab or were radicalized at local mosques to join the jihad .
But many family members and community activists believe they have .
Abdurahman Yusuf , a local Head Start worker , is convinced that his 17 - year - old nephew , Mustafa Ali , was lured to Somalia to join the radical group .
“ He went to fight for the cause , ” Yusuf said .
The baby - faced senior at Harding High School in St. Paul had attended both the Abubakar As - Saddique and the Darul Da’wah mosques , Yusuf said .
Last summer , the youth embraced the extremist Saudi style of Islam known as Wahhabism , and praised Shabab as the “ liberators ” of Somalia .
Advertisement
“ I told him , ‘ This is wrong -- your father and your grandfather do n’t believe this , ’ ” Yusuf recalled in an interview .
“ He told me they were ignorant .
He called me an unbeliever . ”
On Aug. 1 , Mustafa told his mother he “ was just going to do his laundry , ” Yusuf said .
“ And he never came back . ”
The youth phoned his mother several days later to say he was in Somalia .
He would not say who paid for his ticket , who organized his travel or why he had gone .
Other missing youths are said to have made similar calls home .
“ No one knows for sure who recruited them , ” said Abdisalam Adam , an educator who heads the Dar al - Hijrah Islamic Center around the corner from the high - rises .
“ But they obviously did not wake up one morning and decide to go . ”
Advertisement
At first , some community elders and clerics warned families to keep silent to avoid a repeat of the FBI raids , arrests and deportations that followed the Sept. 11 attacks .
But the wall of silence began to crumble in November , after the second group went missing .
When Burhan Hassan failed to come home Nov. 4 , his mother checked his room and realized that his passport , laptop computer and cellphone were gone .
Family members also found paperwork showing he had nearly $ 2,000 in airline tickets from Universal Travel -- a tiny business tucked behind the high - rises -- even though he had no job or savings .
The itinerary showed the six youths flew to Amsterdam , changed planes for Nairobi and caught a connecting flight to the Indian Ocean port of Malindi , Kenya .
Advertisement
Hassan ’s family phoned cousins in Nairobi , who raced to the airport but arrived too late .
They then rushed to Malindi , but the boys had already boarded boats headed north to Kismayo , a Somali port that Shabab seized last summer .
Hassan has called three times since then , but he hangs up quickly .
His family is convinced that someone monitors his calls , and that the bookworm who once hoped to attend Harvard is undergoing guerrilla training -- or worse .
“ He sounds brainwashed , ” worried Abdirizak Bihi , another uncle .
“ He talks but does n’t answer questions .
. . .
He just says he is safe and not to worry .
But we are obviously frantic .
Who could imagine such a thing ? ”
--
Advertisement
bob.drogin@latimes.com
New horizons but hopefully the same old emotional Cavendish who wears his heart on his sleeve : " I am what I am , " he concedes .
" What you have got to realise is that for the final hour of a sprint you can't allow yourself any emotion .
Do that and you are completely stuffed .
So when I cross the finish line it all comes gushing out .
I am either totally delighted or totally gutted .
And 15 seconds later I 've got a forest of microphones under my nose .
I just say what I am feeling .
What do you expect ?
I am what I am . "
The Shadow Banking System
Tweet
I recently finished Krugman 's The Return of Depression Economics and the Crisis of 2008 .
I learned a great deal from the book .
It is full of interesting narrative about recent international crises ( Asia , Mexico , Russia , and the current mess ) and for the most part it is thoughtful and even - handed about what really happened .
Krugman takes a few cheap shots at free - market ideas but much of the time he is gives alternative viewpoints to his own and talks with nuance about how economists do n't fully agree on what caused this problem or that one or what should be done in various crises .
When writing about the current mess , he makes the distinction between the banking system which is highly regulated and the parallel or shadow banking system which is much less so .
He quotes approvingly this passage from a Geithner speech of June 2008 :
The structure of the financial system changed fundamentally during
the boom , with dramatic growth in the share of assets outside the
traditional banking system .
This non -bank financial system grew to be
very large , particularly in money and funding markets .
In early 2007 ,
asset - backed commercial paper conduits , in structured investment
vehicles , in auction - rate preferred securities , tender option bonds and
variable rate demand notes , had a combined asset size of roughly $ 2.2
trillion .
Assets financed overnight in triparty repo grew to $ 2.5
trillion .
Assets held in hedge funds grew to roughly $ 1.8 trillion .
The
combined balance sheets of the then five major investment banks totaled
$ 4 trillion .
In comparison , the total assets of the top five bank holding
companies in the United States at that point were just over $ 6
trillion , and total assets of the entire banking system were about $ 10
trillion .
This parallel system financed some of these very assets on a
very short - term basis in the bilateral or triparty repo markets .
As the
volume of activity in repo markets grew , the variety of assets financed
in this manner expanded beyond the most highly liquid securities to
include less liquid securities , as well .
Nonetheless , these assets were
assumed to be readily sellable at fair values , in part because assets
with similar credit ratings had generally been tradable during past
periods of financial stress .
And the liquidity supporting them was
assumed to be continuous and essentially frictionless , because it had
been so for a long time .
The scale of long - term risky and relatively illiquid assets
financed by very short - term liabilities made many of the vehicles and
institutions in this parallel financial system vulnerable to a classic
type of run , but without the protections such as deposit insurance that
the banking system has in place to reduce such risks .
Krugman describes the fall of Bear Stearns and others as a classic run–a loss of faith by " depositors " or in the case of Bear Stearns and others , counterparties , particularly the short - term borrowers and lenders .
So you have the " regular " bank system that is guaranteed by FDIC with strict requirements on capital ratios and you have the shadow system that is not guaranteed and with much looser capital requirements .
In such a world , it is not surprising that money tends to flow toward the higher yield shadow system .
The puzzle is why that shadow system took on so much risk that it imploded .
One answer is Joe Nocera 's ( and Taleb's ) –the people in the system did n't fully understand the risk they were taking .
No doubt this is part of the problem .
But here is another way to think about financial markets .
We have two banking systems–a " regular " system and a shadow system .
The regular system is explicitly guaranteed with strict capital requirements .
The shadow system is implicitly guaranteed with looser capital requirements .
The implicit guarantee is that Bear Stearns and AIG and Merrill while not protected by FDIC , are protected by the political forces that say that some firms are too big to fail .
Such a two - tiered system is inherently unstable – the shadow part is prone to take on too much risk and grows as investors look for ways to get higher yield relative to the safer , less - leveraged regular banks .
The regular banks , in competition with their higher yield cousins , looks for ways to get around the capital requirements and boost their yields .
So both parts are prone to instability .
So Krugman blames Greenspan and others for failing to put the umbrella of regulation over the entire banking system–for failing to recongnize that in the modern world , Bear Stearns is a bank even though it does n't have depositors .
( He fails to blame Geithner–see Charles Wheelan 's Yves Smith 's prescient critique from March 2007 where he correctly points out that Geithner is whistling in the dark in this speech . )
[ HT : Biomed Tim for the correction on who wrote the prescient critique ]
So the obvious policy implication is that we need more regulation–bring the shadow banking system out of the shadows .
In order to prevent " runs " on non -bank banks , we need to guarantee them to prevent a loss of confidence while regulating them to prevent excessive rsik - taking .
But maybe the lesson is that we need less regulation .
The attempt to reduce risk to zero is an illusion .
Maybe it is better to have the risk more out in the open where investors are much more cautious because the government is not the backstop .
In the highly regulated world , innovation takes place to find ways to achieve higher yield .
Such higher yield is always prone to moral hazard because the government is always going to rescue you in some fashion , either implicitly or explicitly .
In a highly deregulated world , innovation would be different –innovators would be looking for ways to reassure investors that their money was safe .
Neither system is perfect .
Both systems are prone to the human desire for a high yield , zero risk return .
But the attempt to create a stable global system via regulation may be an illusion .
Comments
Since Francisco Pizarro 's conquistadors first clanked into their domain almost 500 years ago , Bolivia 's indigenous people have been subjugated and marginalised by European overlords and their descendants .
But after a bruising struggle between supporters and opponents of President Evo Morales , the country is now poised to adopt a new constitution which could prove a watershed for South America .
A referendum on Sunday is expected to endorse a charter which supporters say will empower the indigenous majority and roll back half a millennium of colonialism , discrimination and humiliation .
Indigenous leaders gathered in the baroque hall of La Paz 's presidential palace this week to give thanks to their champion Morales , a former llama herder who rose to the highest office and delivered , as he promised , a revolution .
In a scene unimaginable just a few years ago the visitors , dressed in the ponchos , colourful skirts and bowler hats of highland peasants , played pan pipe music , chewed coca leaves and spilled alcohol on the mahogany floor as an offering to Pachamama , or Mother Earth , a goddess revered in the Andes .
" We will offer unanimous support to this new constitution , " said David Choque , a traditional Aymara leader .
His companions exploded in cries of " Jallalla " , a call to arms and expression of triumph .
Half a century ago indigenous people were banned from the palace .
Opinion polls suggest that despite the efforts of the conservative opposition , the 411 - article charter will prevail , enshrining radical policies to extend state control of the economy and tilt Bolivia in favour of its underclass .
Morales , an abrasive and charismatic figure elected in 2005 as the first indigenous president , wept for joy when the draft was agreed last October .
It would redress grievances dating to the Spanish conquest , he said .
" We have made history .
I can now go to the cemetery a happy man . "
The charter will confirm Bolivia , South America 's second - poorest country after Guyana , as a leader in the regional " pink tide " of leftist governments which have ousted traditional elites and challenged US influence .
Addressing a rally last night night , Morales said voters would make Bolivia 's " democratic revolution " irreversible .
" Patriots , we are not visiting the palace , we are here to stay for life , " he told cheering crowds .
" Millions of Bolivians will guarantee the approval of the new constitution to refound Bolivia as a new state with equal opportunities , a new state where everyone will have the same rights and duties . "
But not everyone is celebrating , and Morales 's fight to " refound " Bolivia is not over .
Conservative opponents in the eastern lowlands , a semi-tropical stronghold of paler - skinned European descendants , reject the constitution as a recipe for ruin , division and authoritarianism .
They fiercely resisted its drafting and mounted street protests which turned into bloody clashes with pro-government supporters , including miners armed with dynamite and peasants with machetes .
Several people died , hundreds were injured and the country was left dangerously polarised .
" This constitution is making a big mistake by giving more rights to the indigenous [ population ] and less rights to the people of mixed race .
As South Africans did some years ago , we need to unite , " said Oscar Ortíz , the senate president .
By mimicking the wholesale nationalisations and hostility to private enterprise espoused by Venezuela 's president , Hugo Chávez , the charter invited disaster , said Ortíz .
" This will isolate Bolivia . "
The opposition hopes to unite behind a single candidate against Morales in elections later this year .
Radical elements in the lowlands have pushed for autonomy to stymie the constitution 's implementation in at least four provinces , a high - risk defiance of central government authority .
" There will be violence , " said Victor Hugo Rojas , a leader of a youth group in Santa Cruz .
" We are ready for confrontation if necessary . "
Some of the 50 - page charter 's most controversial provisions include state control over natural resources , tough penalties against privatisation , and the separation of church and state .
Christian groups joined the campaign with the slogan : " Choose God , Vote No . "
Wide - ranging provisions extend the rights of Bolivia 's 36 indigenous groups and grant indigenous systems of justice the same status as conventional courts which are widely considered inefficient and corrupt .
Morales was forced to make important concessions in the text .
He promised to stand for just one more term , meaning he must vacate the presidential palace by 2014 .
He also diluted land reform so that any limits on the size of estates will not be retroactive .
In addition , big landowners will be protected from peasant invasions or government confiscation if they can show their land is productive .
Some members of the president 's party , the Movement Toward Socialism ( MAS ) , complained the concessions went too far and that ambiguous wording left some provisions unclear .
Loyola Guzman , a former guerrilla who fought with Che Guevara and helped draft the constitution , was disillusioned .
" This text generated more polarisation instead of uniting us .
And there are many inconsistencies . "
Few doubt the president , who won 67 % in a recall election last year , will triumph on Sunday .
But with the opposition preparing for a campaign of attrition , and prices for Bolivia 's commodities falling , the future is murky .
" The new constitution may get ample political backing [ but ] surely wo n't solve many of the pressing governance challenges facing the Morales administration , " said Michael Shifter , of the Inter - American Dialogue thinktank .
" These will become even more acute as overall economic conditions worsen this year .
The question will be how Bolivia 's political forces interpret and carry out the many ambiguous clauses in the new constitution . "
Indigenous leaders recognise the text is imperfect and that fresh battles loom : at the ceremony in the presidential palace they gave Morales a whip to help him tame opponents .
But for them this is a moment to savour .
The election of Morales was the first flexing of indigenous power ; the constitution affirmed it was here to stay , said Eugenio Rojas , head of the Red Ponchos , a radical Aymara group .
" We are indigenous people that for the first time in history are in power .
We will fight to keep this constitution , we will fight hard to make it work and be respected . "
He gestured to the snow - capped highlands of Achacachi , a bare landscape of llamas and shacks which contain the bones of rebels executed and dismembered by the Spanish .
" We want to be an example to other peoples , to show the world that us , the indigenous , can manage a country . "
Flexible electronics  the kind that might be used in “ smart ” clothing , say , or in foldable displays that could make reading news online more like reading it in print  are still far from an everyday reality .
But scientists in South Korea are reporting a significant advance toward the development of such devices .
In a paper in Nature , Jae -Young Choi of the Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology and Keun Soo Kim and Byung Hee Hong of Sungkyunkwan University and colleagues describe a technique for making stretchable thin electrodes out of graphene .
Graphene is a single - layer sheet of carbon atoms ( the building block , in fact , of the graphite used in pencils ) and has properties that make electronics engineers swoon .
But making graphene sheets of a practical size has proved problematic .
Image Stretchable graphene electrode patterns transferred onto a silicon - based polymer .
Credit ... Ji Hye Hong
The researchers used a process called chemical vapor deposition , in which methane gas mixed with hydrogen and argon is flowed over nickel foil at high temperatures , depositing carbon atoms from the methane on the nickel .
Apple has filed a motion to amend its complaint [ PDF ] to add a claim of violation of the DMCA , among other new and enlarged claims .
Here 's the proposed Amended Complaint [ PDF ] .
So , not only have all of Psystar 's counterclaims been thrown out , but now it faces new claims .
But here 's the big news .
Apple alleges that it believes there are corporations and / or individuals behind Psystar , who may be added as defendants once Apple in discovery finds out who they are .
Woah .
Here 's the new paragraph that made my eyes bug out : 18 .
On information and belief , persons other than Psystar are involved in Psystars unlawful and improper activities described in this Amended Complaint .
The true names or capacities , whether individual , corporate , or otherwise , of these persons are unknown to Apple .
Consequently they are referred to herein as John Does 1 through 10 ( collectively the  John Doe Defendants  ) .
On information and belief , the John Doe Defendants are various individuals and / or corporations who have infringed Apples intellectual property rights , breached or induced the breach of Apples license agreements and violated state and common law unfair competition laws .
Apple will seek leave to amend this complaint to show the unknown John Doe Defendants  true names and capacities when they are ascertained .
So , Apple apparently believes that somebody else is behind Psystar , which might help to explain why a major law firm would take on what seems like a fly - by - night 's case ; also why Psystar has been so bold in continuing to sell its products .
I knew this thing felt funny .
As Alice in Wonderland might put it , " It gets interestinger and interestinger . 
Psystar has stipulated , consenting to the relief requested in the motion , so it will now happen and without a hearing .
They have no hope of blocking this motion , I think , because it 's timely , it 's in good faith , and there is no prejudice to Psystar , since it 's so early in the litigation and there 's plenty of time for discovery .
Apple makes all those points .
So Psystar stipulated .
Here 's the full title of the new complaint : AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT , INDUCED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT , VIOLATION OF DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT , BREACH OF CONTRACT , INDUCED BREACH OF CONTRACT , TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT , TRADE DRESS INFRINGEMENT AND UNFAIR COMPETITION
How'd you like to find that in your mailbox ?
I know .
Scary .
Here 's the first complaint , so you can compare .
I see differences in paragraph 12 , mentioning Psystar 's OpenPro , " seemingly named after Apple 's MacPro " ; paragraph 13 , adding the Psystar product OpenServ 800 ; inserting new paragraphs 14 and 15 regarding Psystar offering a " restore disk " and instructions , along with technical support , which allows for the installation of Mac OSX on non-Apple hardware , and also mentioning Psystar 's plans to offer laptops , computers , servers , and / or hard drives preinstalled with or which will run a " modified , unauthorized version of Mac OS X operating system , including but not limited to a product referred to on Psystar 's website as the ' mobile Open Computer ' " .
Paragraph 16 , which was 14 in the original complaint , adds , " For the OpenPro , online commentators have stated that the OpenPro's ' internal [ hardware ] design is only average compared with that of a Mac Pro , ' and it has been reported that Psystar failed to properly connect the graphics card . "
Paragraph 22 adds more language from the EULA and 23 adds the OpenPro. Paragraph 26 adds : " Mac OS , Mac OS X , Mac OS X version 10.5 , and Mac OS X Server , individual files constituting components of Mac OS , Mac OS X , Mac OS X version 10.5 , and Mac OS X Server , as well as various files constituting components of other Apple software and firmware found on Apple - labeled computers are each original works of authorship created by Apple constituting copyrightable subject matter ( hereafter , ' the Copyrighted Works ' ) . "
Paragraphs 34 - 42 are another new claim , for contributory and induced copyright infringement , and that is followed by the new claim to violation of the DMCA , in paragraphs 43 - 54 : SECOND CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Contributory and Induced Copyright Infringement )
( 17 U.S.C. § 501 , et seq . ) 34 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
35 .
Defendant is aware that its actions as described above infringed and continue to infringe Apple 's copyrights and exclusive rights to create derivative works from , reproduce , display and distribute Apple 's copyrighted materials .
36 .
By offering for sale copies of Apple software to actual and potential purchasers for use on non-Apple - labeled computers , and by providing services to install , update , and / or modify Apple software to cause it to operate on non-Apple - labeled computers , Defendant has induced , caused or materially contributed to the infringing conduct of purchasers .
37 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant 's inducement of infringement of Apple 's copyrights in the Copyrighted Works is , and continues to be , intentional , willful and in conscious disregard of Apple 's rights .
38 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has realized profit by virtue of its inducement of infringement of Apple 's copyrights .
39 .
Apple has sustained economic damage as a result of Defendant 's inducement of infringement of Apple 's copyrights in an amount to be proven at trial .
40 .
Apple is entitled to recover the actual damages it has suffered and / or any profits gained by Defendant that are attributable to its acts of copyright infringement pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 504 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 17 U.S.C. § 504 ( c ) based on Defendant 's willful acts of copyright infringement .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment is rendered .
41 . Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 502 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing reproduction , distribution and display of Apple 's copyrighted materials .
42 .
Apple is further entitled to recover its full costs and reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 505 .
THIRD CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Violation of Digital Millennium Copyright Act )
( 17 U.S.C. § 1201 , et seq . ) 43 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
44 . Apple employs technological protection measures that effectively control access to Apple 's Copyrighted Works .
45 .
Defendant has illegally circumvented Apple 's technological copyright protection measures that control access to Apple 's Copyrighted Works .
46 .
Defendant has admitted that Apple 's Mac OS X normally " will not operate on anything other than Apple - labeled computer hardware " but that Defendant has " developed [ its ] own code that allows it to operate on a non-Apple - labeled computer system " and that such code overrides or gets around Apple 's embedded codes .
47 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant 's " code " is used to circumvent a technological protection measure since it avoids , bypasses , removes , descrambles , decrypts , deactivates , or impairs a technological protection measure without Apple 's authority for the purpose of gaining unauthorized access to Apple 's Copyrighted Works .
48 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has manufactured , imported , offered to the public , provided or otherwise trafficked a product , device , component , technology , software , or " code " ( " the Circumvention Devices " ) that are primarily designed or produced for the purpose of either circumventing Apple 's technological protection measures that effectively control access to Copyrighted Works , or allowing third parties to access Apple 's Copyrighted Works without authorization .
49 .
Apple is informed and believes that that the Circumvention Devices have only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to circumvent a technological protection measure that effectively controls access to Copyrighted Works , or are marketed by Defendant for use in circumventing a technological protection measure that effectively controls access to Copyrighted Works .
50 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has realized profit by virtue of its circumvention of Apple 's technological protection measure and trafficking in circumvention devices .
51 . Apple has sustained economic damage as a result of Defendant 's circumvention of technological protection measures and trafficking in the Circumvention Devices in an amount to be proven at trial .
52 .
Apple is entitled to recover the actual damages it has suffered and / or any profits gained by Defendant that are attributable to its circumvention of access controls and trafficking in the Circumvention Devices pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( c ) ( 1 ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( c ) ( 2 ) .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment is rendered .
53 . Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( b ) , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing circumvention of access controls and trafficking in the Circumvention Devices .
54 .
Apple is further entitled to recover its full costs and reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( b ) .
Next , they add the following language to their original breach of contract claim : F. Copying , modifying and / or distributing original or modified Apple Boot ROM code or firmware , or portions thereof ; G. Redistributing Mac OS
X software in a form in which the software or portions of it have been modified or replaced ; H. Transferring copies of Mac OS X and updates thereto separately ; I . Continuing to use and failing to destroy all copies , full or partial , of the software , after termination of the Software Licenses Agreement for Mac OS X upon automatic termination without notice as a result of the breaches described in A - H above .
Then , in the next claim , Apple tacks on this sentence : " Apple further seeks punitive damages and injunctive relief as a result of Psystars inducement of others to breach Apples License Agreement . "
Finally , in its Sixth Claim for Relief , on trademark infringement under 15 U.S.C.
Section 1114 , Apples adds one registered trademark to the list , for SuperDrive® .
Obviously , all these changes mean what relief Apple is asking the court for has changed also , and now in the list we also find these added , in some cases adding language to what was claimed before , but in most cases adding entirely new relief requested :
2 . Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against the sale or distribution of any software or device , including but not limited to the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products , that allows for the installation or running of Apple software on non-Apple computers , and requiring Psystar to recall all such products and software sold or distributed to the public as a result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's copyrights ; 3 . Awarding Apple actual damages and / or any profits gained by defendants and / or statutory damages for circumvention of an access control measure and / or trafficking in circumvention devices as determined at trial ; 4 . Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against the sale or distribution of any software or device , including but not limited to the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products , that allows forn the installation or running of Apple Software on non-Apple computers , and requiring Psystar to recall all such products and software sold or distributed to the public as a result of Psystar 's circumvention of an access control measure and / or trafficking in circumvention devices ; ... 6 . Awarding damages , including punitive damages , as a result of Psystar 's inducement of others to breach Apple 's Software License Agreement for Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server ; 7 .
Awarding a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against Psystars inducement of third parties to breach Apples License Agreement ; 8 . Awarding Apple actual and statutory damages for trademark infringement and / or dilution as determined at trial ; ... 10 . Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against sales of the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products with Apple software and requiring Psystar to recall all such products sold to the public as a result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's trademarks and trade dress ; 11 .
Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against sales of the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products with Apple software and requiring Psystar to recall all such products sold to the public as a result of Psystar 's dilution of Apple 's trademarks ; 12 .
Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against sales of the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products with Apple software and requiring Psystar to recall all such products sold to the public as a result of its statutory and common law unfair competition ;
The part about the injunctions is interesting because originally Apple was only asking for a permanent injunction .
It has added the phrase " preliminary and / or permanent injunction . "
I assume that means they are at least planning on perhaps asking for a preliminary injunction .
I guess the moral of this story is do n't mess with Apple 's legal rights , because they will most likely fight to the death , scratching , kicking , whateve ...
But you know what ?
Psystar asked for it .
And that 's why there is another moral to this story .
Do n't be stupid .
Human history has amply demonstrated that it does n't usually pay .
So , with Apple claiming some entity or individuals are behind Psystar , it looks like the case just got bigger and a lot more interesting .
Here are all the new filings : 35 - Filed & Entered : 11/26/2008
Motion for Leave to File
Docket Text : MOTION for Leave to File AMENDED COMPLAINT filed by Apple Inc.. Motion Hearing set for
1/8/2009 08:00 AM in Courtroom 9 , 19th Floor , San Francisco .
( Attachments : # ( 1 ) Exhibit A ) ( Boroumand Smith , Mehrnaz ) ( Filed on 11/26/2008 ) 36 - Filed & Entered : 11/26/2008
Proposed Order
Docket Text : Proposed Order re [ 35 ]
MOTION for Leave to File AMENDED COMPLAINT by Apple Inc.. ( Boroumand Smith , Mehrnaz ) ( Filed on 11/26/2008 ) 37 - Filed & Entered : 12/02/2008
Stipulation
Docket Text : STIPULATION CONSENTING TO APPLE INC'S FILING OF AMENDED COMPLAINT AND [ PROPOSED ] ORDER VACATING HEARING ON APPLE INC .
'S MOTION FOR LEAVE TO AMEND by Apple Inc.. ( Gilliland , James ) ( Filed on 12/2/2008 ) 38 - Filed & Entered : 12/02/2008
Amended Complaint
Docket Text : AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT , INDUCED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT , VIOLATION OF DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT , BREACH OF CONTRACT , INDUCED BREACH OF CONTRACT , INDUCED BREACH OF CONTRACT , TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT , TRADE DRESS INFRINGEMENT AND UNFAIR COMPETITION against Apple Inc.. Filed byApple Inc.. ( Attachments : # ( 1 ) Exhibit 1 , # ( 2 ) Exhibit 2 , # ( 3 ) Exhibit 3 ) ( Gilliland , James ) ( Filed on 12/2/2008 )
Psystar 's only hope now is that it is not guilty .
Well .
It 's a little late to think of that .
I guess they can hope the judge has been reading The Merchant of Venice .
As for any corporations or individuals behind Psystar , I think we can assume that they will be trying not to be found in discovery , because if they are , Apple clearly would like to expose them publicly .
Not to mention the jugular .
Here 's the motion to amend , followed by the proposed Amended Complaint , as text .
****************************
TOWNSEND AND TOWNSEND AND CREW LLP
JAMES G. GILLILAND , JR . ( State Bar No. 107988 )
MEHRNAZ BOROUMAND SMITH ( State Bar No. 197271 )
MEGAN M. CHUNG ( State Bar No. 232044 )
JEB OBLAK ( State Bar No. 241384 )
[ address , phone , fax , emails ]
Attorneys for Plaintiff ,
APPLE INC .
_______________________
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA SAN FRANCISCO DIVISION ________________________
APPLE INC . , a California corporation , Plaintiff , v. PSYSTAR CORPORATION ,
a Florida corporation , and DOES 1-10 ,
inclusive Defendant .
_________________________
Case No. CV 08-03251 WHA NOTICE OF MOTION AND
MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE
AMENDED COMPLAINT
Date : January 8 , 2009
Time : 8:00 a.m .
Courtroom : 9 , 19th Floor
Honorable William Alsup ________________________
NOTICE OF MOTION AND MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE AMENDED COMPLAINT PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that on January 8 , 2009 , at 8:00 a.m. , or as soon thereafter as the matter can be heard , in the courtroom of the Honorable William Alsup , located at 450 Golden Gate Avenue , San Francisco , California 94102 , plaintiff , Apple Inc. ( " Apple " ) will , and hereby does , move for an order granting Apple leave to file its Amended Complaint and ordering that the Amended Complaint submitted with this motion be deemed filed .
The motion will be based on this Notice of Motion and Motion , the Memorandum of Points and Authorities , Apple 's Amended Complaint , and the [ Proposed ]
Order filed herewith , on all of the files and records of this action , and on any additional material that may be elicited at the hearing of this motion .
MEMORANDUM OF POINTS AND AUTHORITIES I. INTRODUCTION
Through this motion , Apple seeks leave to file its Amended Complaint pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 15 ( a ) and this Court 's November 7 , 2008 Case Management Order .
Apple 's Amended Complaint , attached hereto as Exhibit A , adds a Digital Millennium Copyright Act claim , additional factual allegations relating to Apple 's previously asserted claims and Doe defendants .
The DMCA claim is based on new information that Apple has learned since the filing of its original complaint .
Apple 's Amended Complaint is timely , does not cause any prejudice to Psystar and should be permitted .
II .
STATEMENT OF FACTS Apple filed this lawsuit on July 3 , 2008 .
Psystar Corporation ( " Psystar " ) answered on August 28 , 2008 .
In the Case Management Statement , filed October 30 , 2008 , the parties agreed to a deadline of January 19 , 2009 to amend pleadings .
This Court 's November 7 , 2008 Case Management Order required that the parties seek leave to amend the pleadings to add claims or parties by November 30 , 2008 .
Since filing the complaint , Apple has discovered additional information necessitating the filing of this Amended Complaint .
Apple 's counsel contacted Psystar 's counsel to seek Psystar 's written consent to the amendment pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 15 .
However , Psystar has not 2 consented to the filing of this Amended Complaint as of the time of this filing .
Accordingly , Apple seeks an order permitting Apple to file the proposed Amended Complaint .
III .
ARGUMENT A. Leave Should Be Granted To Amend the Complaint .
1 . Leave Is Freely Granted .
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 15 ( a ) provides that leave to amend a pleading " shall be freely given when justice so requires . "
The United States Supreme Court , the Ninth Circuit , and this Court have repeatedly reaffirmed that leave to amend is to be granted with " extreme liberality . "
DCD Programs , Ltd. v. Leighton , 833 F.2d 183 , 186 ( 9th Cir. 1987 ) ( citation omitted ) ; see , e.g. , Foman v. 2 NOTICE OF MOTION AND MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE AMENDED COMPLAINT Davis , 371 U.S. 178 , 182 , 83 S. Ct. 227 , 230 ( 1962 ) ( leave to amend should be freely given ) ; Eminence Capital , LLC v. Aspeon , Inc. , 316 F.3d 1048 , 1052 ( 9th Cir. 2003 ) ( " Absent prejudice , or a strong showing of any of the remaining Foman factors , there exists a presumption under Rule 15 ( a ) in favor of granting leave to amend . " ) ( emphasis in original ) ; United States v. Webb , 655 F.2d 977 , 979 ( 9th Cir. 1981 ) ( courts should be guided by policy favoring decisions on the merits " rather than on the pleadings or technicalities " ) ; Cooper Development Co. v. Employers Insurance of Wausau , 765 F. Supp. 1429 , 1432 ( N.D. Cal. 1991 ) ( courts have been " quite liberal " in granting leave to amend ) ; Building Service Employees Pension Trust v. Horsemen's Quarter Horse Racing Association , 98 F.R.D. 458 , 459 ( N.D. Cal. 1983 ) ( same ) ; see also Moore , 3 - 15 Moore 's Federal Practice - Civil § 15.14 ( " A liberal , pro-amendment ethos dominates the intent and judicial construction of Rule 15 ( a ) . " ) .
The primary factors relied upon by the Supreme Court and the Ninth Circuit in denying a motion for leave to amend are " bad faith , undue delay , prejudice to the opposing party , and futility of amendment . "
DCD Programs , 833 F.2d at 186 .
None of these factors are present here .
B. Amendment Should Be Permitted .
Apple 's Amended Complaint is timely and should be allowed .
In its Case Management Order , this Court permitted the parties to seek leave to amend to add new claims and / or parties until November 30 , 2008 .
This motion is being filed prior to that deadline .
Furthermore , Apple falls well within the liberal standard for freely allowing the amendment of pleadings .
See Foman v. Davis , 371 U.S. 178 , 182 ( 1962 )
( " In the absence of . . . undue delay , bad faith or dilatory motive on the part of the movant . . . undue prejudice to the opposing party by virtue of allowance of the amendment . . . the leave sought should , as the rules require , be ' freely given . ' " )
There is no prejudice to Psystar here .
In the parties ' Case Management Conference Statement , Psystar stipulated to a January 19 , 2009 deadline for amendment of the pleadings .
Additionally , Apple 's Amended Complaint does not change the nature of the lawsuit , nor is Psystar precluded from seeking discovery in relation to the Amended Complaint .
The deadline to complete discovery in this case is not until June 26 , 2009 .
Indeed , Psystar just served its first set of discovery today .
Accordingly , Psystar will not be prejudiced by an order granting leave to file Apple 's Amended Complaint .
3 Moreover , Apple offers its Amended Complaint in good faith and without undue delay .
Since filing its original complaint , Apple has discovered new information regarding Psystar 's products and marketing .
This information supports Apple 's new claim under the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act as well as Apple 's assertion of additional details in support of its previously asserted claims .
See Coilcraft , Inc. v. Inductor Warehouse , 2000 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 6097 , * 8 - 9 ( no bad faith where plaintiff made " reasonable inquiry " into facts supporting new claim , introduced relevant evidence , and " has never mischaracterized the nature of the lawsuit " ) .
In sum , Apple 's Amended Complaint was filed timely and in good faith , contains claims similar to those originally asserted and does not prejudice Psystar .
Consequently , none of the factors on which courts base denial of motions for leave to amend are present here .
Thus , Apple 's motion for leave should be granted .
IV .
CONCLUSION
For the reasons discussed above , plaintiff respectfully seeks leave of this Court to file the proposed Amended Complaint .
DATED : November 26 , 2008 Respectfully submitted , TOWNSEND AND TOWNSEND AND CREW LLP By : /s/ James G. Gilliland , Jr.
JAMES G. GILLILAND , JR .
Attorneys for Plaintiff
APPLE INC .
************************************
************************************
TOWNSEND AND TOWNSEND AND CREW LLP
JAMES G. GILLILAND , JR . ( State Bar No. 107988 )
MEHRNAZ BOROUMAND SMITH ( State Bar No. 197271 )
MEGAN M. CHUNG ( State Bar No. 232044 )
JEB OBLAK ( State Bar No. 241384 )
[ address , phone , fax , emails ]
Attorneys for Plaintiff ,
APPLE INC .
_______________________
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA SAN FRANCISCO DIVISION ________________________
APPLE INC . , a California corporation , Plaintiff , v. PSYSTAR CORPORATION ,
a Florida corporation , and DOES 1-10 ,
inclusive Defendant .
_________________________
Case No. CV 08-03251 WHA AMENDED COMPLAINT FOR
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT ,
INDUCED COPYRIGHT
INFRINGEMENT , VIOLATION OF THE
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT
ACT , BREACH OF CONTRACT ,
INDUCED BREACH OF CONTRACT ,
TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT ,
TRADE DRESS INFRINGEMENT
AND
UNFAIR COMPETITION JURY TRIAL REQUESTED ______________________________
Plaintiff Apple Inc. ( " Apple " ) hereby alleges as follows : BACKGROUND ALLEGATIONS
1 . Apple is a California corporation with its headquarters and principal place of business at 1 Infinite Loop , Cupertino , California .
Apple makes and sells well - known computer hardware , software and consumer products and services including the Macintosh® computer , the iPod® music player and the iPhoneTM .
Founded in 1976 , Apple has been consistently ranked as one of the most innovative companies in the world .
Apple currently employs approximately 28,000 people 1 worldwide , owns and operates over 200 retail stores , and sells its products online as well .
In 2008 , Fortune Magazine named Apple " America 's Most Admired Company . "
2 . A pioneer of the personal computer revolution , Apple launched its Macintosh line of computers in 1984 .
Apple 's Macintosh computers ( or " Mac " ) introduced such novel innovations as the mouse , computer icons and the graphical user interface .
Apple 's " perennially praised " Mac® line of computers includes the Mac Pro® , iMac® , Mac® mini , MacBook® , MacBook Pro and MacBook Air® .
Since 2001 , Apple has sold more than 29 million Macintosh computers .
3 . Apple 's Macintosh computers are famous for their reliability , ease - of - use and innovative industrial design .
Apple 's development teams have seamlessly integrated the hardware and software features of Macintosh computers such that the use of the computers is intuitive , efficient and pleasurable .
Moreover , the unified , integrated Mac system is simpler to service , update and maintain .
Indeed , for eight consecutive years Consumer Reports has ranked Apple 's technical support for its customers best in the nation for both desktop and laptop computers , surpassing Dell , Hewlett - Packard , Sony , Toshiba , Gateway and Lenovo .
4 . In 2001 , Apple launched the tenth generation of its operating system - Mac OS X. Mac OS X revolutionized operating system architecture , adding extraordinary capabilities , speed and stability .
Apple 's most recent version of Mac OS X , version 10.5 , known as " Leopard® , " has been described by reviewers as " visually stunning , " " powerful , polished and carefully conceived , " and " elegant . "
Other reviewers have said the " grace of Leopard 's interface elements makes productivity more pleasurable with a Mac , " all the result " of years of hard , diligent work by the development teams at Apple . "
5 . The Mac OS X user interface combines the use of color , transparency and animation together with the overall arrangement and set up of various icons in a unique and creative manner .
In addition , the Finder toolbar containing the famous Apple mark is combined with a distinctive three - dimensional applications bar ( or " dock " ) on which various icons reside .
The distinctive nonfunctional combination of elements that makes up the Mac OS X user interface is well known to consumers and has become associated with Apple and Mac OS X Leopard .
This combination of elements shall be referred to hereafter as " Apple 's Trade Dress . "
2 6 . Mac OS X , including the Leopard® version , has been the subject of numerous articles in general circulation newspapers , magazines and online publications , as well as radio , television and Internet broadcasts .
The product has received significant acclaim and in recent years sales of Mac computers have surged , growing at a faster pace than the personal computer market in general .
7 . Apple also manufactures and sells the Xserve® rack - mount server for use in businesses needing to connect multiple computers to a single server .
The Xserve uses Mac OS X Leopard Server as its operating system software .
Mac OS X Leopard Server has also been the subject of numerous articles , publications and media coverage both on television and radio and on the Internet .
8 . The Apple brand , including its registered trademarks Apple® and Mac® , is one of the most famous brands in the world .
Since inception , Apple has continuously and extensively promoted , offered and sold its Mac computers , and its related goods and services , in interstate commerce under the various Apple and Mac trademarks .
Since 1994 , Apple has spent more than $ 3 billion to promote its brand , including the Apple and Mac trademarks .
Apple 's brand , including its various marks and distinctive trade dress , have become synonymous with high quality , innovative , elegant and user - friendly consumer electronics products .
Indeed , among many other accolades over the years , for each of the past three years BusinessWeek Magazine named Apple the " World 's Most Innovative Company . "
The Apple brand and trademarks consistently are ranked by independent research organizations as being among the fifty most valuable brands on earth .
9 . As a result of Apple 's continuous and extensive use and promotion , the consuming public nationwide understands that Apple 's various marks and distinctive trade dress identify Apple 's goods and services , and associates the marks with Apple exclusively .
Because of the consistent quality of Apple 's goods and services marketed under and in association with Apple 's trademarks and distinctive trade dress , Apple has established considerable good will and reputation with respect to its goods and services .
10 . Apple 's use of its Apple , Mac , Leopard , Xserve and SuperDrive marks has been exclusive and continuous in the computer industry since long prior to the date of Defendant 's first infringing acts described below .
Furthermore , the Apple marks and distinctive trade dress became famous among the general consuming public long before the date of Defendant 's first infringing use .
3
The various Apple marks and distinctive trade dress are well known and are among the most important assets of Apple .
11 .
On information and belief , Defendant Psystar Corporation ( " Psystar " or " Defendant " ) is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Florida with its principal place of business at 10475 NW 28th Street , Doral , Florida 33172 .
12 . In April , 2008 , without authorization from Apple , and in violation of the terms of the Software License Agreement governing the use of Mac OS X software and Apple 's intellectual property , Psystar began selling in commerce a computer named the OpenMac which apparently runs a modified , unauthorized , version of the Leopard operating system as well as modified and unauthorized versions of other Apple software and firmware .
Thereafter Psystar changed the name of its product to Open Computer , but continued to sell it with the Leopard operating system , without authorization from Apple .
Psystar also began selling another computer model , the OpenPro , seemingly named after Apple 's Mac Pro® , without authorization from Apple , and in violation of the terms of the Software License Agreement governing the use of Mac OS X software and Apple 's intellectual property .
Like the Open Computer , the OpenPro apparently runs a modified , unauthorized , version of the Leopard operating system as well as modified and unauthorized versions of other Apple software and firmware .
Psystar sells its computers online and ships them throughout the United States , including into the Northern District of California .
Psystar 's Chief Executive Officer has been quoted as saying that Psystar has sold " thousands " of these computers .
In addition , without Apple 's permission or consent , Psystar makes copies of , and offers to customers for download from its website , www.psystar.com, " updates " to the Leopard software that are either direct copies of Apple - generated updates and / or unauthorized modified versions of software updates from Apple .
13 .
In June , 2008 , Psystar began selling in commerce rack - mount servers called the OpenServ 1100 and OpenServ 2400 .
Subsequently , in October , 2008 , Psystar added yet another server , the OpenServ 800 , to its line of products and began selling it in commerce .
Without authorization from Apple , and in violation of the terms of the Software License Agreement governing the use of the Mac OS X Leopard Server software and Apple 's intellectual property , Psystar has offered for sale and , on information and belief , sold OpenServ 800 , OpenServ 1100 and OpenServ 4 2400 servers utilizing the Mac OS X Leopard Server software .
14 .
In August , 2008 , without authorization from Apple , Psystar began distributing a " restore disk " which allows for the installation of Mac OS X , in violation of the terms of the Software License Agreement governing the use of Mac OS X software and Apple 's intellectual property .
On information and belief , without authorization from Apple , Psystar intentionally provides specific instructions to its customers that allow customers to install Mac OS X software on non-Apple - labeled hardware , in violation of the terms of the Software License Agreement .
On information and belief , Psystar also provides technical support and assists its customers to install Mac OS X software in violation of the terms of the Software License Agreement .
15 .
On information and belief , in fall 2008 , Psystar worked to develop a laptop product that runs Mac OS X and in October , 2008 , Psystar announced that it is planning to sell in commerce additional computers , servers , laptops , and / or hard drives that are preinstalled with or which will run a modified , unauthorized , version of Mac OS X operating system , including but not limited to a product referred to on Psystar 's website as the " mobile Open Computer . "
16 .
Online commentators have reported that Psystar 's Open Computer is " missing stuff like iLife , Bluetooth , an IR receiver , DVD burning and the ability to update your computer , " is " LOUD , Crazy Loud , " it " breaks the OS ' automatic updates , " and that " video was DOA right out of the box .
No signal going to monitor .
Boot up is moot point as there is nothing to see . "
For the OpenPro , online commentators have stated that the OpenPro's " internal [ hardware ] design is only average compared with that of a Mac Pro , " and it has been reported that Psystar failed to properly connect the graphics card .
Of Psystar itself reviewers have written , " they have no quality control , " " lousy tech support , " and " All I want to do is return the computer and get a refund . "
Likewise , it has been reported that Psystar has repeatedly changed locations , that its office could not be found , and that its first on - line payment processor terminated Psystar 's account .
17 .
As alleged more fully below , by misappropriating Apple 's proprietary software and intellectual property for its own use , Psystar 's actions harm consumers by selling to them a poor product that is advertised and promoted in a manner that falsely and unfairly implies an affiliation with Apple .
Psystar 's actions also have caused , and are causing , harm to Apple and constitute a 5 misuse of Apple 's intellectual property .
To prevent this continued unfair and unlawful exploitation of Apple 's proprietary technology , and to avoid further consumer confusion and injury , Apple seeks an injunction against further misappropriation and infringement of its intellectual property , an award of damages , treble damages and its attorneys ' fees and costs of suit .
18 .
On information and belief , persons other than Psystar are involved in Psystar 's unlawful and improper activities described in this Amended Complaint .
The true names or capacities , whether individual , corporate , or otherwise , of these persons are unknown to Apple .
Consequently they are referred to herein as John Does 1 through 10 ( collectively the " John Doe Defendants " ) .
On information and belief , the John Doe Defendants are various individuals and / or corporations who have infringed Apple 's intellectual property rights , breached or induced the breach of Apple 's license agreements and violated state and common law unfair competition laws .
Apple will seek leave to amend this complaint to show the unknown John Doe Defendants ' true names and capacities when they are ascertained .
JURISDICTION AND VENUE 19 .
This Court has subject matter jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. sections 1331 , 1332 , and 1338 because this action arises under the copyright and trademark laws of the United States , there 17 is complete diversity of citizenship between the parties , and the amount in controversy exceeds $ 75,000 .
20 .
Venue is proper in this judicial district pursuant to 28 U.S.C. section 1391 because Psystar has done business in this judicial district , has committed acts of copyright and trademark infringement in this district , has breached a contract with a substantial impact in this district , has engaged in unfair competition in this district , and continues to commit such acts in this district .
Because this is an Intellectual Property case , it is not subject to the intra-District venue provisions of Northern District of California Local Rule 3 - 2 ( c ) .
GENERAL ALLEGATIONS 21 .
Apple licenses the use of its Macintosh operating system ( " Mac OS " ) software for use only on Apple - labeled hardware .
Indeed , an original version of the Mac OS is available only with the purchase of a Macintosh computer .
Upgrades to the Mac OS may be licensed separately , but the 6 terms of the license prohibit use of the Mac OS or its upgrades on non-Apple hardware .
22 . The Software License Agreement for Mac OS X Leopard ( and Mac OS X Leopard Server ) ( " License Agreement " ) provided with each version of Mac OS X Leopard and Mac OS X Leopard Server are attached hereto as Exhibits 1 and 2 , and are incorporated herein by reference .
The Mac OS X Leopard License Agreement specifies inter alia , : " 1. General .
The software ( including Boot ROM Code ) ... accompanying this License whether preinstalled on Apple - labeled hardware , on disk , in read only memory , or any other media or in any other form ( collectively , the " Apple Software " ) are licensed , not sold , to you by Apple Inc. ( " Apple " ) for use only under the terms of this License , and Apple reserves all rights not expressly granted to you ....
2 . Permitted License Uses and Restrictions .
A. Single Use .
This license allows you to install , use and run one ( 1 ) copy of the Apple Software on a single Apple - labeled computer at a time .
You agree not to install , use , or run the Apple Software on any non-Apple - labeled computer or enable another to do so .
* * * C.
You may make one copy of the Apple Software ( excluding the Boot ROM code and other Apple firmware that is embedded or otherwise contained in Apple - labeled hardware ) in machine - readable form for backup purposes only .... Apple Boot ROM code and firmware is provided only for use on Apple - labeled hardware and you may not copy , modify or redistribute the Apple Boot ROM code or firmware , or any portions thereof ....
D. Certain components of the Apple Software , and third party open source programs included with the Apple Software , have been or may be made available by Apple on its Open Source web site ( http://www.opensource.apple.com/) ( collectively the " Open- Sourced Components " ) .
You may modify or replace only these Open - Sourced Components ; provided that : ( i ) the resultant modified Apple Software is used , in place of the unmodified Apple Software , on a single Apple labeled computer ; and ( ii ) you otherwise comply with the terms of this License and any applicable licensing terms governing use of the Open - Sourced Components .
* * * F. Except as and only to the extent permitted by applicable licensing terms governing use of the Open - Sourced Components , or by applicable law , you may not copy , decompile , reverse engineer , disassemble , modify , or create derivative works of the Apple Software or any part thereof .
* * * 3 . Transfer .
You may not rent , lease , lend , redistribute or sublicense the Apple Software .
Subject to the restrictions set forth below , you may , 7 however , make a one - time permanent transfer of all of your license rights to the Apple Software ( in its original form as provided by Apple ) to another party , provided that : ( a ) the transfer must include all of the Apple Software , including all its component parts ( excluding Apple Boot ROM code and firmware ) , original media , printed materials and this License ; ( b ) you do not retain any copies of the Apple Software , full or partial , including copies stored on a computer or other storage device ; and ( c ) the party receiving the Apple Software reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this License .
You may not rent , lease , lend , redistribute , sublicense or transfer any Apple Software that has been modified or replaced under Section 2D above ....
Updates :
If an Apple Software update completely replaces ( full install ) a previously licensed version of the Apple Software , you may not use both versions of the Apple Software at the same time nor may you transfer them separately .
* * * 5 . Termination .
This License is effective until terminated .
Your rights under this License will terminate automatically without notice from Apple if you fail to comply with any term (s ) of this License .
Upon the termination of this License , you shall cease all use of the Apple Software and destroy all copies , full or partial , of the Apple Software . "
The Mac OS X Leopard Server License Agreement includes essentially the same terms .
23 . Psystar claims the " Open Computer is PC that works just like a Mac with Apple 's latest operating system OS X 10.4 a.k.a. Leopard . "
Psystar claims its product " is ready to run out of the box when you purchase it with Leopard included .
If you buy Leopard with your Open Computer we 'll install it for free . "
Psystar also says " The Open Computer can now be purchased with Leopard included and installed " ( emphasis in original ) , the OpenPro is ready to run " right out of the box " with " Mac OS X Leopard 10.5 preinstalled " and that OpenServ computers run " Mac OS X Leopard Server . " 24 .
Apple has never authorized Psystar to install , use , or sell the Mac OS software on any non-Apple - labeled hardware .
FIRST CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Copyright Infringement )
( 17 U.S.C. Sections 501 et seq. ) 25 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
8 26 . Mac OS , Mac OS X , Mac OS X version 10.5 , and Mac OS X Server , individual files constituting components of Mac OS , Mac OS X , Mac OS X version 10.5 , and Mac OS X Server , as well as various files constituting components of other Apple software and firmware found on Apple - labeled computers are each original works of authorship created by Apple constituting copyrightable subject matter ( hereafter , " the Copyrighted Works " ) .
Apple is the owner of , among others , United States copyright registrations TX4-669-971 ( Mac OS ) ; TX5-401-457 ( Mac OS X ) ; TX6-849-489 ( Mac OS X Leopard Version 10.5 ) ; TX4-991-736 ( Mac OS X Server ) ; and TX6 - 849-684 ( Mac OS X Server Version 10.5 Leopard ) .
The effective date of Apple 's copyright registrations predates the commencement of infringement by Psystar .
27 .
Defendant has created derivative works from , reproduced , distributed and / or displayed the Copyrighted Works in violation of Apple 's exclusive rights under the Copyright Act .
Apple has not licensed or otherwise authorized Defendant 's creation of derivative works from , reproduction , distribution or display of the Copyrighted Works .
28 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant 's infringement of Apple 's copyrights in the Copyrighted Works is , and continues to be , intentional , willful and in conscious disregard of Apple 's rights .
29 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has realized profit by virtue of its infringement of Apple 's copyrights .
30 .
Apple has sustained economic damage as a result of Defendant 's infringement of Apple 's copyrights in an amount to be proven at trial .
31 .
Apple is entitled to recover the actual damages it has suffered and / or any profits gained by Defendant that are attributable to its acts of copyright infringement pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 504 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 17 U.S.C. § 504 ( c ) based on Defendant 's willful acts of copyright infringement .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment is rendered .
32 . Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 502 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing reproduction , distribution and display of Apple 's copyrighted materials .
9 33 .
Apple is further entitled to recover its full costs and reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 505 .
SECOND CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Contributory and Induced Copyright Infringement )
( 17 U.S.C. § 501 , et seq . ) 34 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
35 .
Defendant is aware that its actions as described above infringed and continue to infringe Apple 's copyrights and exclusive rights to create derivative works from , reproduce , display and distribute Apple 's copyrighted materials .
36 .
By offering for sale copies of Apple software to actual and potential purchasers for use on non-Apple - labeled computers , and by providing services to install , update , and / or modify Apple software to cause it to operate on non-Apple - labeled computers , Defendant has induced , caused or materially contributed to the infringing conduct of purchasers .
37 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant 's inducement of infringement of Apple 's copyrights in the Copyrighted Works is , and continues to be , intentional , willful and in conscious disregard of Apple 's rights .
38 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has realized profit by virtue of its inducement of infringement of Apple 's copyrights .
39 .
Apple has sustained economic damage as a result of Defendant 's inducement of infringement of Apple 's copyrights in an amount to be proven at trial .
40 .
Apple is entitled to recover the actual damages it has suffered and / or any profits gained by Defendant that are attributable to its acts of copyright infringement pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 504 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 17 U.S.C. § 504 ( c ) based on Defendant 's willful acts of copyright infringement .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment is rendered .
41 . Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 502 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing reproduction , distribution and display of Apple 's copyrighted materials .
10 42 .
Apple is further entitled to recover its full costs and reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 505 .
THIRD CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Violation of Digital Millennium Copyright Act )
( 17 U.S.C. § 1201 , et seq . ) 43 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
44 . Apple employs technological protection measures that effectively control access to Apple 's Copyrighted Works .
45 .
Defendant has illegally circumvented Apple 's technological copyright protection measures that control access to Apple 's Copyrighted Works .
46 .
Defendant has admitted that Apple 's Mac OS X normally " will not operate on anything other than Apple - labeled computer hardware " but that Defendant has " developed [ its ] own code that allows it to operate on a non-Apple - labeled computer system " and that such code overrides or gets around Apple 's embedded codes .
47 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant 's " code " is used to circumvent a technological protection measure since it avoids , bypasses , removes , descrambles , decrypts , deactivates , or impairs a technological protection measure without Apple 's authority for the purpose of gaining unauthorized access to Apple 's Copyrighted Works .
48 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has manufactured , imported , offered to the public , provided or otherwise trafficked a product , device , component , technology , software , or " code " ( " the Circumvention Devices " ) that are primarily designed or produced for the purpose of either circumventing Apple 's technological protection measures that effectively control access to Copyrighted Works , or allowing third parties to access Apple 's Copyrighted Works without authorization .
49 .
Apple is informed and believes that that the Circumvention Devices have only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to circumvent a technological protection measure that effectively controls access to Copyrighted Works , or are marketed by Defendant for use in 11 circumventing a technological protection measure that effectively controls access to Copyrighted Works .
50 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Defendant has realized profit by virtue of its circumvention of Apple 's technological protection measure and trafficking in circumvention devices .
51 . Apple has sustained economic damage as a result of Defendant 's circumvention of technological protection measures and trafficking in the Circumvention Devices in an amount to be proven at trial .
52 .
Apple is entitled to recover the actual damages it has suffered and / or any profits gained by Defendant that are attributable to its circumvention of access controls and trafficking in the Circumvention Devices pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( c ) ( 1 ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( c ) ( 2 ) .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment is rendered .
53 . Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( b ) , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing circumvention of access controls and trafficking in the Circumvention Devices .
54 .
Apple is further entitled to recover its full costs and reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1203 ( b ) .
FOURTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Breach of Contract ) 55 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
56 . Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Psystar has acquired Mac OS X version 10.5 software , that Psystar opened the box in which the software disk and license were packaged , opened the seal on the shrink - wrapped software disk , and thereafter installed the Leopard operating system and / or Leopard Server software on computers .
By so doing Psystar accepted the terms and conditions of the applicable License Agreement .
57 . Psystar breached the License Agreement (s ) by , inter alia : 12 A. Installing , using and running Mac OS X software on non-Apple - labeled computers ; B. Enabling others to install , use or run Mac OS X software on non-Apple - labeled computers ; C. Selling and / or distributing Mac OS X software without requiring that the transferees agree to the terms of the License Agreement ; D. Selling and / or distributing Mac OS X software that has been modified ; and E. Copying and installing a single copy of Mac OS X on more than a single computer at a time ; F. Copying , modifying and / or distributing original or modified Apple Boot ROM code or firmware , or portions thereof ; G. Redistributing Mac OS X software in a form in which the software or portions of it have been modified or replaced ; H. Transferring copies of Mac OS X and updates thereto separately ; I . Continuing to use and failing to destroy all copies , full or partial , of the software , after termination of the Software Licenses Agreement for Mac OS X upon automatic termination without notice as a result of the breaches described in A - H above .
58 .
On information and belief , Apple alleges that Psystar has engaged in other and further actions that violate the License Agreement .
59 .
As a direct and proximate cause of Psystar 's breach of the License Agreement Apple has suffered economic injury and damages in an amount to be proven at trial in excess of $ 75,000 .
FIFTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Inducing Breach of Contract ) 60 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
61 . The owners and managers of Psystar have admitted in public statements their knowledge of the existence of the License Agreement governing the use of Mac OS X software and of its terms and conditions .
13 62 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that notwithstanding its knowledge of the existence and terms of the License Agreement , Psystar has advised , encouraged and assisted others to breach the License Agreement by , among other things , encouraging those consumers to acquire Mac OS X software and then assisting them to install , use and run it on non-Apple - labeled computers .
In so doing Psystar has unlawfully induced breach of the License Agreement by others .
63 .
As a direct and proximate result of Psystar 's actions to induce others to breach the License Agreement , Apple has suffered economic injury and damages in an amount to be proven at trial in excess of $ 75,000 .
Apple further seeks punitive damages and injunctive relief as a result of Psystar 's inducement of others to breach Apple 's License Agreement .
SIXTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Trademark Infringement )
( 15 U.S.C. § 1114 ) 64 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation in the preceding paragraphs .
65 . Apple owns registered trademarks pertaining to the Mac computer , server and Leopard software ( the " Infringed Marks " ) including but not limited to : Apple® ( U.S. Reg. No. 1078312 ) , the Apple Logo® ( U.S. Reg. Nos. 1114431 and 2715578 ) , Mac® ( U.S. Reg. No. 1964391 ) , the Mac Logo® ( U.S. Reg. No. 1931078 ) , Mac OS ® ( U.S. Reg. No. 2000282 ) , Leopard® ( U.S. Reg. No. 3386175 ) , XServe® ( U.S. Reg. No. 2697680 ) and SuperDrive® ( U.S. Reg. No. 3217368 ) , copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3 . 66 .
Apple never consented to Psystar 's use of Apple 's Infringed Marks .
67 . Prior to Psystar 's first use of the Infringed Marks , Psystar was aware of Apple 's business and had either actual notice and knowledge , or constructive notice of Apple 's ownership and registrations of the Infringed Marks .
68 .
Defendant 's unauthorized use of Apple 's trademarks is likely , if not certain , to deceive or to cause confusion or mistake among consumers as to the origin , sponsorship or approval of the software and computers and / or to cause confusion or mistake as to any affiliation , connection or association between Apple and Psystar , in violation of 15 U.S.C. §§ 1114 ( a ) .
69 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges that Psystar 's infringement of 14 Apple 's trademarks has been and continues to be intentional , willful and without regard to Apple 's trademark rights .
70 .
Apple is informed and believes and on that basis alleges that Psystar has gained profits by virtue of its infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
71 . Apple also has sustained damages as a direct and proximate result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's trademarks in an amount to be proven at trial .
72 .
Apple will suffer and is suffering irreparable harm from Psystar 's infringement of the Apple trademarks insofar as Apple 's invaluable good will is being eroded by Defendant 's continuing infringement .
Apple has no adequate remedy at law to compensate it for the loss of business reputation , customers , market position , confusion of potential customers and good will flowing from Psystar 's infringing activities .
Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1116 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
Unless enjoined , Defendant will continue its infringing conduct .
73 .
Because Psystar 's actions have been committed with intent to damage Apple and to confuse and deceive the public , Apple is entitled to treble its actual damages or Defendant 's profits , whichever is greater , and to an award of costs and , this being an exceptional case , reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( a ) and 1117 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( c ) .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment .
SEVENTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Trademark Infringement )
( 15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( a ) ) 74 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation of the preceding paragraphs .
75 . Through Plaintiff 's use in interstate commerce , Apple also owns common law trademark rights throughout the United States in unregistered trademarks and other source identifiers in and in connection with the Mac and its OS X Leopard software .
76 .
Apple never consented to Psystar 's use of Apple 's various marks or its distinctive trade dress .
15 77 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges that Defendant chose to use the name Open Mac , Apple 's various other trademarks and its distinctive trade dress , to cause confusion or mistake , or to deceive the public as to the origin , sponsorship , association or approval of the goods and services of Defendant and / or to falsely imply an association with Apple .
78 .
Defendant 's unauthorized use of Apple 's trademarks and its distinctive trade dress is likely , if not certain , to cause confusion or to deceive customers as to the affiliation , connection or association of Psystar with Apple .
79 .
Defendant 's unauthorized use of the Apple 's various trademarks and its distinctive trade dress is also likely , if not certain , to cause confusion or to deceive customers as to the origin , sponsorship , association or approval of the goods and services of the Defendant .
80 .
Defendant 's unauthorized use of Apple 's various trademarks and its distinctive trade dress also facilitates the acceptance of Defendant 's computers and related services not based on the quality of the goods and services provided by Defendant , but on the association that the public is likely to make with Apple and the reputation for outstanding quality and goodwill associated with Apple 's goods and services .
81 . Defendant 's conduct deprives
Apple of the ability to control the quality of the goods and services marketed under the Infringed Marks and Apple 's unregistered common law trademarks and , instead , places Apple 's valuable reputation and goodwill into the hands of Defendant , over which Apple has no control .
82 . Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's trademarks has been and continues to be intentional , willful and without regard to Apple 's trademark rights .
83 . Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Psystar has gained profits by virtue of its infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
84 . Apple also has sustained damages as a direct and proximate result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's trademarks in an amount to be proven at trial .
85 . Apple will suffer and is suffering irreparable harm from Psystar 's infringement of the Apple trademarks insofar as Apple 's invaluable good will is being eroded by Defendant 's continuing 16 infringement .
Apple has no adequate remedy at law to compensate it for the loss of business reputation , customers , market position , confusion of potential customers and good will flowing from Psystar 's infringing activities .
Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1116 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
Unless enjoined , Defendant will continue its infringing conduct .
86 . Because Psystar 's actions have been committed with intent to damage Apple and to confuse and deceive the public , Apple is entitled to treble its actual damages or Defendant 's profits , whichever is greater , and to an award of costs and , this being an exceptional case , reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( a ) and 1117 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( c ) .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment .
EIGHTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Trade Dress Infringement )
( 15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( a ) ) 87 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation of the preceding paragraphs .
88 . Apple is the owner of common law rights throughout the United States in Apple 's Trade Dress through their use and promotion in interstate commerce .
89 . Apple 's Trade Dress has been prominently displayed in the Mac OS X Leopard , is well - known among consumers and has come to be associated exclusively with Apple and the Leopard version of the Mac OS X. 90 .
Apple 's Trade Dress has become distinctive of Apple 's Mac OS X Leopard operating system , and distinguishes Apple 's goods and services from those offered by others .
91 . Apple 's Trade Dress was distinctive long before Defendant began offering its product for sale .
92 . Apple 's Trade Dress is non-functional .
93 .
Defendant 's unauthorized use , sale and distribution of goods displaying Apple 's Trade Dress is likely to cause confusion , to cause mistake , or to deceive as to the source of goods and services provided by Defendant , or as to affiliation , connection , association , sponsorship , or approval 17 of such goods and services .
94 . Defendant 's unauthorized use , sale and distribution of good displaying Apple 's Trade Dress constitutes trade dress infringement in violation of Section 43 ( a ) of the Lanham Act , 15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( a ) . 95 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's Trade Dress has been and continues to be intentional , willful and without regard to Apple 's trademark rights .
96 .
Apple is informed and believes , and on that basis alleges , that Psystar has gained profits by virtue of its infringement of Apple 's Trade Dress .
97 .
Apple also has sustained damages as a direct and proximate result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's Trade Dress in an amount to be proven at trial .
98 . Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1116 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
Unless enjoined , Defendant will continue its infringing conduct .
99 .
Because Psystar 's actions have been committed with intent to damage Apple and to confuse and deceive the public , Apple is entitled to treble its actual damages or Defendant 's profits , whichever is greater , and to an award of costs and , this being an exceptional case , reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( a ) and 1117 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( c ) .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment .
NINTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Trademark Dilution )
( 15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( c ) ) 100 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation of the preceding paragraphs .
101 . Apple possesses exclusive trademark rights associated with the Apple , Mac , and Mac OS X trademarks as well as other source identifiers found in the Mac OS X software .
The Apple , Mac and Mac OS trademarks are famous in the United States and all were famous prior to the commencement of Psystar 's infringing activities .
18 102 . By its conduct , Psystar has diluted Apple 's marks in violation of 15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( c ) .
103 .
Psystar willfully intends and intended to trade on Apple 's reputation for excellence .
104 .
Apple will suffer and is suffering irreparable harm from Psystar 's dilution of the Apple trademarks .
105 . Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1116 , Apple is entitled to an injunction against Defendant 's continuing infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
106 .
Because Psystar 's actions have been committed with intent to damage Apple and to confuse and deceive the public , Apple is entitled to treble its actual damages or Defendant 's profits , whichever is greater , and to an award of costs and , this being an exceptional case , reasonable attorneys ' fees pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( a ) and 1117 ( b ) .
Alternatively , Apple is entitled to the maximum statutory damages allowed under 15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( c ) .
Apple will make its election at the appropriate time before final judgment .
TENTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( State Unfair Competition )
( Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 17200 ) 107 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation of the preceding paragraphs .
108 . Psystar 's business practices as alleged above constitute unfair competition and unfair business practices and business acts in violation of Section 17200 et seq. of the California Business & Professions Code .
109 . Pursuant to California Business and Professions Code § 17203 , Apple is entitled to enjoin these practices .
Without injunctive relief , Apple has no means by which to control Psystar 's unlawful copying and distribution of Apple 's copyrighted works .
Similarly , Apple has no way to control the confusion created by Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's trademarks .
Apple is therefore entitled to injunctive relief prohibiting Psystar from continuing such acts of unfair competition pursuant to California Business and Professions Code § 17203 .
19 ELEVENTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF
( Common Law Unfair Competition ) 110 .
Plaintiff incorporates herein by reference each and every allegation of the preceding paragraphs .
111 . Psystar 's business practices as alleged above constitute unfair competition and unfair business practices under state common law .
As a direct and proximate result of Psystar 's infringing conduct , Apple has suffered and will continue to suffer lost sales and profits in an amount not yet fully ascertained in an amount to be proven at trial .
In addition , Apple has suffered and continues to suffer injury to its business reputation and goodwill for which no adequate remedy exists at law and for which Apple is entitled to injunctive relief .
PRAYER FOR RELIEF WHEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing , Plaintiff prays for judgment as follows : 1 . Awarding Apple actual damages and / or any profits gained by defendants and / or statutory damages for direct and / or contributory copyright infringement as determined at trial ; 2 . Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against the sale or distribution of any software or device , including but not limited to the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products , that allows for the installation or running of Apple software on non-Apple computers , and requiring Psystar to recall all such products and software sold or distributed to the public as a result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's copyrights ; 3 . Awarding Apple actual damages and / or any profits gained by defendants and / or statutory damages for circumvention of an access control measure and / or trafficking in circumvention devices as determined at trial ; 4 . Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against the sale or distribution of any software or device , including but not limited to the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products , that allows forn the installation or running of Apple Software on non-Apple computers , and requiring Psystar to recall all such products and software sold or distributed to the public as a result of Psystar 's circumvention of an access control measure and / or trafficking in circumvention devices ; 20 5 .
Awarding damages as a result of Psystar 's breach of Apple 's Software License Agreement for Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server ; 6 .
Awarding damages , including punitive damages , as a result of Psystar 's inducement of others to breach Apple 's Software License Agreement for Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server ; 7 .
Awarding a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against Psystar 's inducement of third parties to breach Apple 's License Agreement ; 8 . Awarding Apple actual and statutory damages for trademark infringement and / or dilution as determined at trial ; 9 . Awarding Apple actual and statutory damages for trade dress infringement as determined at trial ; 10 .
Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against sales of the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products with Apple software and requiring Psystar to recall all such products sold to the public as a result of Psystar 's infringement of Apple 's trademarks and trade dress ; 11 .
Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against sales of the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products with Apple software and requiring Psystar to recall all such products sold to the public as a result of Psystar 's dilution of Apple 's trademarks ; 12 .
Awarding Apple a preliminary and / or permanent injunction against sales of the Psystar Open Computer , OpenPro computer , and OpenServ server products with Apple software and requiring Psystar to recall all such products sold to the public as a result of its statutory and common law unfair competition ; 13 .
Ordering Apple actual damages as a result of Psystar 's common law unfair competition ; 14 .
Awarding Apple treble damages for Psystar 's willful acts ; 15 .
Awarding Apple its reasonable attorneys ' fees and costs ; and 16 .
Awarding Apple such other relief as the Court deems appropriate .
21 DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL Plaintiff Apple Inc. hereby demands a trial by jury of all issues triable by jury pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 38 ( b ) and Civil Local Rule 3 - 6 ( a ) .
DATED : December 2 , 2008 Respectfully submitted , TOWNSEND AND TOWNSEND AND CREW LLP By : /s/ James G. Gilliland , Jr.
JAMES G. GILLILAND , JR .
Attorneys for Plaintiff
APPLE INC . 22
Oh Eidos .
It 's just one thing after another , is n't it ?
Fresh off the back of what is quickly becoming known as Don't Publish Negative Scores Until We Say You Can-gate , a glitch has been discovered in the Wii version of Tomb Raider : Underworld that makes it impossible to finish the game .
In the video clip ( see after the jump ) you will notice Lara negotiating the usual assortment of stone pillars and deadly drops in the Coastal Thailand section of the game .
A leap of faith is required to grab a pole , which turns out to be a lever that lowers the corpse - robbing society girl to ground level and opens a convenient passageway ...
Except on the Wii , where the lever sometimes does n't exist .
Eidos recommends reverting to earlier saves and trying again and has published a set of saves that can be plonked on an SD card to work around the problem if you are really stuck .
All the same , bad show old girl .
Tomb Raider : Underworld glitch prevents gamers from finishing game [ Qj.net ]
Republicans suddenly care about White House oversight Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday December 18 , 2008
Print This Email This
After years of habitually resisting and belittling attempts to use a key House committee as a mechanism to investigate and hold the White House accountable , Republicans are deciding they want to get into the oversight game .
Rep. Darrel Issa ( R - CA ) , who will become ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , is making clear the next president will be firmly in his sights .
A day after he was formally selected as ranking member last week , Issa ousted 14 of 39 Republican committee staffers , including many senior aides .
Outgoing staffers said they were told the panel 's minority will shift its focus away from legislation toward oversight of federal agencies .
By bringing in aides with investigative backgrounds , committee Republicans believe they can increase their capacity to conduct independent investigations , despite lacking the majority 's subpoena power .
To be sure , President - elect Barack Obama should be as subjected to Congressional scrutiny as any of his predecessors , and the adversarial relationship that has defined legislative - executive branch interactions over the last two years likely will dissipate now that Democrats control both .
Of course , a look at Issa 's past performance on the committee suggests he 'll be hardly as interested in an even - handed approach to good governance as he will be in using the perch for partisan grandstanding .
As Rep. Henry Waxman has burrowed into the various abuses of the Bush administration since taking the Oversight Committee gavel two years ago , Issa has continually belittled the panel 's work and proven himself to be among the most obsequious defenders of even the most odious conduct from the president and his allies .
A member of the Oversight and Judiciary Committees , Issa has been in a position to defend Bush on issues ranging from warrantless wiretapping to contractor abuse to meddling with the EPA .
He also has not hesitated to come to the defense of Blackwater , at one point attacking the mothers of four defense contractors murdered in Iraq and implying that inquiries into Blackwater were akin to attacking US troops .
Sometimes his defenses backfire , as when he was the only Oversight Committee member to meticulously trace the firm 's GOP connections before hastily trying to argue that such connections should not be used to judge the security contractor .
Issa also has consistently opposed federal funding to help 9/11 rescue workers .
In Oversight Committee hearings , Issa did everything possible to make himself a thorn in Waxman 's side .
During one hearing on Bush administration meddling with EPA ozone standards , Issa frequently interrupted Waxman 's questioning of EPA administrator Stephen Johnson .
" I will have you physically removed if you do n't stop , " a gavel - banging Waxman warned Issa .
During a floor debate over an amendment to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , Issa jumped to Bush 's defense and forced a Democratic lawmaker to withdraw his observation that Bush 's warrantless surveillance program was illegal .
Issa 's approach when he takes over the top Republican spot on Oversight will mirror the approach Waxman took when Democrats were out of power .
And one former member who follows the committee cheered the move .
" With the administration and both houses controlled by Democrats , it makes sense policywise , " he tells Government Executive .
After so long defending the reach of executive authority , it will be interesting to see how quickly Issa reverses his view of Congressional authority once a Democrat moves into the White House .
After drones took over the skies , bots are now taking control over land .
And looking at the Ripsaw MS1 gun tank running at 60MPH , it looks like war is going to get fierier , scarier , and more convenient than ever .
It 's going to be convenient because the Ripsaw MS1 , an unmanned ground vehicle that is designed to be easily fixed and replaced .
Make them cheap , do n't worry about armor — there are no soldiers inside , so who cares — , and just put them on the battlefield by the truckload , ready to destroy and be destroyed .
The philosophy is terrifying .
Developed with just $ 1 million by the Howe brothers in Maine , the light tank is controlled from a modular station that can be fitted in other army vehicles located out of the battlefield .
The Ripsaw MS1 is all - terrain , and as you can see in the video , it can jump through obstacles made of concrete at full speed .
Needless to say , the military are excited : Gen. Peter Chiarelli , Army ’s vice chief of staff , called it “ an amazing piece of gear ” when it was presented yesterday at the Army Science Conference in Orlando .
You can rejoice too , because soon there will be no soldiers killed in wars .
Neighbours say the business is affecting property prices A man who uses his home near Bristol as a studio for adult films has been confronted by neighbours protesting outside his property .
James Edwards , 42 , operates a legal pornographic film studio from his four - bedroom home in Bradley Stoke .
People who live in the same cul - de- sac demonstrated outside Mr Edwards ' house with placards claiming his business is affecting the prices of their property .
Police said they only have evidence of legal activity and can take no action .
Clothed Margaret Kite , 75 , who lives in the cul - de- sac , said : " Why is this going on ?
Why is this allowed ?
There are little children round here .
It is not on .
He is laughing at us . "
Mr Edwards , who has been in the adult entertainment business for 10 years , said : " When you look at the house , you can't actually see that there 's anything going on .
If you 've got pornography here now , you 're going to have prostitution next , you 're going to have drugs
Peter Kite , neighbour
" All right , there are girls visiting and there are camera people coming in and out but they are all clothed when they come out .
" I get on very well with my immediate neighbours . "
Peter Kite , who also lives in the cul - de- sac and was taking part in the protest , said : " The police say it 's legal but they do n't see everything .
" If you 've got pornography here now , you 're going to have prostitution next , you 're going to have drugs .
In a residential area ?
No way - no way . "
The Mayor of Bradley Stoke , Rob Jones , speaking from the scene of the protest , said : " It ca n't be good for the neighbours to have this on their doorstep .
" I 've got a lot of sympathy for that .
If there are grounds for complaints under anti-social behaviour or trading standards then by all means come to the council and we 'll investigate . "
A spokesman for Avon and Somerset police said : " We believe the occupier is legitimately running a pornographic recording studio . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When great visionaries and pillars of Science Fiction looked into the future from times long since past , many of them saw an interesting trend , not toward smaller and smaller components in the electronics we use in everyday life , but toward a " mega- ization " of technology .
The belief that " bigger is better " was pretty widely held , and even such writers as Isaac Asimov saw our modern day as the home of gigantic supercomputers in the form of entire sprawling metropolises dedicated to data storage and processing , or hundred - mile - long neural networks , like a giant brain , that would connect people , monitor their conversations , and even act as a high - voltage " think tank " .
But time has taught us otherwise : gigantic constructs such as those mentioned above waste both space and resources , two important things , of which it has become abundantly clear , especially in recent decades , that are finite ; they will be consumed , used up , and in some cases , even polluted , if not by this generation then by some future , leaving only the question of how distant that dark , crowded , and resourceless future may be .
This is , of course , just one of the many reasons electronics ( and indeed many other things in our everyday life ) have become steadily smaller .
As technology has gotten more complex , more advanced , and more versatile , it has also shrunk , allowing normal , everyday people to easily carry all sorts of combination devices , from camera cell - phones to MP3 player radios and everything in between , while saving resources ( and incidentally space ) in the process .
Oh sure , to some degree , Asimov 's brain model was bang on , if you consider that it might be compared to the internet ; miles and miles of fiberoptic cable that connect people across the globe at steadily increasing speeds ( as 56 ker 's steadily further and further into the middle of nowhere are updated to broadband ) confer millions of thoughts , ideas and , granted , a lot of useless garbage , across the world every hour , all encapsulated within a network that is just as easily accessed from the place it was created , as it would be on the other side of the globe .
But , while this network could be seen as an exception - for now at least ; when the technology can be made smaller , who knows ?
Just look at the exciting trend toward wireless !- the seemingly universal trend to " nano - ize " is plain to see , and it 's safe to say that things are only going to get smaller .
A classic example of this is , of course , Nanotechnology .
Now , granted , we 're still in the very early stages of utilizing and designing , much less building such technologies ( we 're somewhere between concept and experimentation , almost like the dawning of a new day ) but everything scientists have seen thus far leads us to believe that it's a very real ( and potentially very useful ) new way of bringing about what could very well be the next industrial revolution , having incredible , long - standing repercussions for nearly every field imaginable .
Imagine , within the next ten years , Nanotechnology could become advanced enough to allow the creation of some incredibly useful microscopic chemical factories .
A single injection could all - but cure diabetes and a host of other chemical imbalance disorders , while researchers working on specially engineered synthetic antibodies could be racing to be the first to push their product through the FDA , sporting valid claims that these " nano - biotics " are capable of curing not only the common cold , but such pernicious and deadly diseases as AIDS and currently uncurable forms of Hepatitis .
Fifty years from now , Nano - technology could very well be part of everyday life , tinkering with our bodies in amazing and as yet unthought of ways , restoring currently cryofrozen humans to life , and even , very likely , allowing us to finally cheat death by reversing or eliminating the aging process .
Such advancements could lead to a whole new era in intellectual thought , as the up and coming generation of writers , artists , musicians , professors , scientists and philosophers are given an extra handful of centuries ( or perhaps more , who knows ! ) to ponder , create , and discuss issues whose nature we can now only blindly guess at .
Sound like Science Fiction ?
Maybe , but a lot of scientists think it 's a perfectly reasonable estimate , and that many of us will live to see some truly astounding things come out of labs working on Nanotechnological devices .
Perhaps the most critical difference between Nanotechnology and what might be referred to as " modern technology " is that it requires a different way of thinking to truly comprehend .
When someone says " small , " or " tiny , " we think something about the size of an ant , or a flea ; when someone says " Microscopic " we think of cells , but Nanotechnology is smaller yet -
In K. Eric Drexler 's ground - breaking 1986 book , Engines of Creation , he speaks of construction at a level beyond that , at the atomic level , that is , creating " machines " atom by atom , not in the huge , classic sense , by spraying surfaces with atoms to get incredibly - thin layers ( a process known as molecular beam epitaxy ) but by assembling individual atoms like blocks , snapping them together to create " nano - factories " and new , synthetic molecules with very specific functions ( i.e. repairing damaged DNA to solve gene - related health - problems or even reverse aging . )
But Nanotechnology has many profound and important applications beyond healthcare and chemical synthesis -
The ability to rearrange individual atoms or put them together in any way we choose ( within the limits of physics , of course ) allows not only the conversion of one element to another , ( think alchemy ; lead [ or anything else , for that matter ] being turned to gold ) but also , quite possibly , the creation of new elements that do n't naturally occur on Earth ( at least , not that we 've seen so far . )
Beyond that , sufficiently advanced Nanotechnology would also provide us with the means to manufacture an incredible assortment of atom assembling machines , indeed molecular factories that are smaller than a cell , designed to work at speeds we can only as yet imagine .
There 's also the potential to make new materials that are both stronger and lighter than any of those in use today , making titanium , spider silk and tungsten carbide " second best " in their respective aspects .
The majority , if not all scientists working feverishly to usher in a new era of excellence , in both thought and health , as well as other important areas of our lives as humans through the furthering of our knowledge of ( and therefore our ability to truly reap the tremendous benefits of )
Nanotechnology agree that the impact of such technologies will , in our lifetimes , create a sort of revolution akin to the discovery of electricity , stone tools , or even the beginning of human thought itself .
The possibilities for this technology are limitless , books could be written ( and have been written ! ) on simply the potential it carries for both the individual and society as a whole and once Nanotechnology picks up enough steam to reach it 's proverbial peak , the human race is likely to be brought forth into a new era that rivals Aristotle 's idea of Eudaimonia ; A period where sickness is a thing of the past , where resources can be replicated by being built from the ground up at the atomic level using otherwise unusable material , where great thinkers can continue to contribute to society for generations , and where time is an endless prospect .
Owen Good over at the big K has a great idea : if you ’re looking for a gift for your gamer - friends but you find that actual video games are too pricey , get them these wonderful yet cheap shirts instead .
For instance , the RRoD shirt , pictured below , is just $ 19 .
The one after that , the Bioshocker , is just $ 18 – $ 20 depending on the size .
The Achievement Unlocked shirt also sells for $ 19 , making it a nice and cheap alternative to the honest hoodie , while the Jump shirt shows that we gamers are addicted to better stuff .
That sounded really wrong .
Anyway you can also get it for around $ 18 - $ 20 depending on the size .
To my beloved family & friends : I am a gamer and I need a shirt .
Feel free to pick from any of the above , or if you ’ve bought all four for me already , then hit the link for more .
You ’re welcome .
[ via examiner via kotaku ]
Tintin and Snowy : the intrepid duo Tintin turns 80 at the weekend as Steven Spielberg begins work on a Hollywood film of the comic book hero .
He has long been a star on the Continent , but the cub reporter is almost unheard of in the United States and little more than a cult in the UK , writes Laurence Grove .
When , on 10 January 1929 , Tintin first appeared in the children 's supplement of Brussels ' right - wing newspaper Vingtieme Siecle , the serialised adventure that was to follow could , at the time , have had all the makings of a transatlantic hit .
Tintin au Pays des Soviets was to portray a cruel and corrupt communist regime , where factories were cardboard cut-outs and those who spoke out against the Party were dispensed with immediately .
Unfortunately the boy scout may have ruined his chances of becoming an all - American role model in his subsequent adventures by belittling the natives in Tintin au Congo ( 1930 ) and then unveiling Mafia strangleholds and cruelty to native Americans in Tintin en Amérique ( 1932 ) .
Nonetheless , Europeans have largely forgiven him his flirts with Nazi sympathies ( L'Étoile Mystérieuse , 1942 ) .
So how come , as Tintin approaches 80 , like Johnny Halliday , but unlike Jacques Brel , he 's a famous Belgian who has not yet managed to woo the US ?
Made in Britain
There is no doubting that Tintin is a Euro - hit : he has featured on stamps , phonecards and a range of products from underpants to edibles , and is to be the main subject of a new museum opening in Belgium this year .
Although Herge , his creator ( real name Georges Remi , 1907 - 1983 ) , expressly forbade the series to continue after his death , related publications are a Rackham - like treasure trove for Moulinsart , the organisation known for its draconian enforcement of Herge 's copyright estate .
RANDOM TINTIN FACTS
Despite being a journalist , Tintin is only ever seen once with a completed article
The now defunct chain of UK bookstores , Ottakars , was named after the Tintin book King Ottokar 's Sceptre The Thom ( p ) son twins were n't twins , despite looking almost identical By comparison , recent albums of Tintin 's comic - strip colleague Asterix , a relative whippersnapper at 50 this year , have , in France , outsold Harry Potter and the Da Vinci Code put together .
Even in the British Isles , Tintin 's following tends to be cult rather than mass devotion .
Although for many , it was the bequiffed boy 's trip to Britain that sealed his longevity .
The 1938 album L'Ile Noire ( The Black Island ) , which takes its inspiration from The Thirty - Nine Steps , is , for many Tintin 's coming of age .
It is this album that refines his trademark thrill - a- minute adventure format , and saw Herge perfect his clear - line style , which proved a major influence upon Andy Warhol and the pop artists .
Arguably L'Ile Noire is to Herge what Macbeth is to Shakespeare .
Yet while Tintin embraced Britain , the English - speaking world never returned the compliment Maybe he just came on to the scene too late .
The formula of a serial newspaper strip that each week had a cliffhanger ending was one that the US Sunday supplements had successfully exploited from the turn of the last century onwards .
Herge in effect was doing little more than providing a Euro version of a US phenomenon .
More recently , Tintin can be seen as quite simply the Hollywood James Bond , but without the girls : he travels to exotic locations , mixing humour and gadgets as he battles the generic international baddie du jour .
Cosmopolitan character Bond , like Indiana Jones , is a superhero without specific superpowers .
And it is the idea of a Superman , or indeed a Wonderwoman , that has typically drawn North Americans to comics .
In Britain a more self - effacing outlook has underlined the comic in comic , with heroes from the Beano or Topper traditionally making us laugh .
Ironically , when it comes to Tintin the person , it is perhaps his very internationality that is his undoing
The " bandes dessinees " that are the French - speaking world 's equivalent have , however , been more ambiguous ; a graphic creation - in France comic strips are known as the Ninth Art - on a par with New Wave cinema .
Ironically , when it comes to Tintin the person , it is perhaps his very internationality that is his undoing .
Euro -characters who do well in the States - James Bond , but also those portrayed by Hugh Grant and Gerard Depardieu - often play on national stereotypes and foible - laden sophistication .
Herge , however , went out of his way to deny Tintin any specific Belgicite , underlining rather his international features .
Hercule Poirot he is not .
He lives in a French chateau , has no Belgian linguistic tics , and could not be imagined tucking into mussels , chips and fine chocolates .
His friends and acquaintances evoke different aspects of Euroness , from the Thompson twins ' bowler - hatted Englishness , Bianca Castafiore 's hot - headed Italian traits , or Professor Calculus 's Germanic scientific - ness .
Even the names must have seemed entirely alien to an American audience .
Indeed Tintin 's sophistication is of a very different kind : Le Bijoux de la Castafiore ( 1963 ) , an album in which nothing happens , plays with notions of degre zero writing .
Tintin au Tibet ( 1960 ) considers the evolving status of the post - colonial Other .
And the posthumous Tintin et l'Alph - Art ( 1986 ) , a book about artistic creation , is essentially a work of meta - fiction .
Tintin 's creator , Herge , stripped his character of Belgicite
It is easy to see how , from afar , Herge , let alone Cuthbert Calculus , can be seen as indulging in traditional French - style philosophical beard - stroking .
Such intricacies may have worked against Tintin , with Steven Spielberg having had his planned movie on ice for years since he bought the movie rights in 1983 .
The project 's shortcoming was apparently US puzzlement at Tintin .
One rumour suggested there were problems with an adventure hero whose only love interest appeared to be a fox terrier , to the extent that at one stage making Tintin into a girl was not out of the question .
The situation may however be changing , as filming is finally to start on a Tintin movie , to be produced by Spielberg and Peter Jackson , apparently a mixture of animation and " real - life " with extended 3 - D effects .
Tintin certainly has evolved since the days of his politically incorrect misadventures , and so too has America .
Perhaps in the brave new world of Barack Obama there will be more room for this white European octogenarian .
Laurence Grove , is head of French and senior lecturer at the University of Glasgow .
He is also president , International Bande Dessinee Society .
Here is a selection of your comments .
I am surprised at your statement that Tintin was denied his Belgian characteristics .
In the original stories , not only does he very clearly live in Brussels , but the various foreign nationalities he meets ( whether central European or South - American ) speak in very clear Brussels dialect !
Peter Leeson , Milton Keynes , England
Well of course , Herge never took off in the UK - he was always more of a French nationalist than a Belgian patriot and , as such , he hated the British .
In the Euro-versions of The Blue Lotus and The Red Sea Sharks , this is stated explicitly - though removed from the UK versions .
Alex Clarke , Brora , Highlands
I would n't say " unheard of in the US " .
Serialized animated Tintin cartoons were quite popular on Chicago television when I was a lad .
Stephen Wenzel , Woodstock USA
I was an avid reader of the Tintin books growing up in England , but here in the US I doubt many people have even heard of the character , probably because as mentioned in the article , Americans like foreigners who clearly fit their national stereotype , Speedy Gonzalez , Pepe LePew ect .
Rob Hunter , Miami , USA
There 's mention Tintin being popular in Europe and not being so popular in the US .
But you have forgotten the the other side of the world - India .
I grew up reading them and so did most of the people of my generation .
And you can take it from me that Tintin is big in India so much so that Tintin 's now available in several regional languages .
So you cannot blame me for suggesting that Mr. Spielberg should probably have the premiere of his upcoming work in India .
The people would love it .
Debz , London I can't believe Tintin is n't more loved in the UK , having enjoyed books and television adaptation from my childhood .
One of the things I love about the series is how translators have found appropriate word plays for each language ; ie .
Thompson and Thomson from Dupond and Dupont .
I 'm hoping that the US realises how great he is , or the trilogy that Spielberg has in mind , may be reduced to a single film if box office returns have anything to do with it !
Emma , Leeds Captain Haddock ( not even mentioned in the article although he appears almost as much ) lives in the Chateau with his butler - Nestor , although Tintin does visit .
I do wish people would stop reading too much into Tintin .
He is not a misogynist nor is he gay !!!
Sue Davies , Sully , near Cardiff
As an American who moved here in 1980 I 'm surprised by your claim that Tintin is virtually unknown in the US .
I grew up in the 60's with the cartoons on TV for years .
Loved his adventures .
Will have to see how I feel about Spielberg 's version though .
Cindy , Bracknell , England I understand how America would have not connected to Tintin .
But here , as children growing up in the French culture , you would have found these books in every child 's library including ours .
We collected all the books and read them over and over with the same pleasure .
We still hoard some of those original copies after almost ... 50 years !
But we may have trouble relating to a Spielberg version " en Anglais " which would place us in the same position as the Americans in connecting to this character .
L.Guttadauria , Waterloo , Ontario , Canada
I beg to disagree with the assumption that Tintin is almost unheard of in the States .
I grew up with Tintin , have seen Tintin books displayed prominently in major bookstores around the country , and encounter Tintin on the bookshelves of American children often enough to make me think that there has been a strong Herge following for many years .
Having lived in England for a short time as well , I find the British assumptions ( presumptions ) about Americans and their culture laughable .
Susie , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Michelle Obama reaches out to the crowd after speaking at a Seattle fundraiser July 17 .
2008 campaign costliest in U.S. history
The 2008 campaign was the costliest in history , with a record - shattering $ 5.3 billion in spending by candidates , political parties and interest groups on the congressional and presidential races .
That sum marks a 27 percent increase over the $ 4.2 billion spent on the 2004 campaign , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which compiled the figures .
Advertisement
The amount spent on the presidential race alone was $ 2.4 billion when all candidates and related expenses are included , the center found .
The party presidential nominees – Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain – together spent more than $ 1 billion , also an unprecedented figure .
The inflation in presidential fundraising was due in large measure to Obama ’s decision to finance both his primary and general election with private donations .
He was on track to raise more than $ 650 million .
His success has prompted many observers to declare the death of the Watergate - era , taxpayer - supported presidential financing program .
Those predictions , however , may not unfold as expected .
Clearly , no serious candidate will rely on the public funding system during the primary phase of future presidential campaigns .
The 2008 race marked the second time the leading contenders shunned the program during the nomination fights .
But the general election kitty for public financing – at $ 85 million this year – could still have appeal for future candidates simply because Obama ’s performance will be difficult , if not impossible , for many candidates to match .
For evidence , just comb through this year ’s presidential roster .
The season started with crowded fields in both party primaries .
In the end , however , only four candidates could compete financially outside the public funding system .
They were : Democrats Obama , the first serious African - American candidate , and Hillary Rodham Clinton , the first serious female candidate ; and Republicans Ron Paul , the lone anti-war candidate in the GOP field , and Mitt Romney , a multi-millionaire who sank about $ 45 million of his own money into the race .
McCain stayed out of the system , but that was only because he clinched the nomination at the moment he went broke .
He then struggled to refill his coffers in the spring in order to defend himself in the summer months leading up to the convention .
The small number of candidates who had success outside of the public financing system suggests it may require a unique candidate , or one with a unique and compelling message .
Filthy rich could work , too .
“ The false reasoning is Obama is necessarily the new model , ” said Anthony Corrado , a campaign finance expert .
“ He had a perfect environment .
He had a unique candidacy .
He was an inspirational figure who already had celebrity status entering the race , ” Corrado said .
“ And he had an extraordinary Democratic primary that kept high level of competition and interest for months , which spurred fundraising and the development of his base and he showed unique appeal to the young and social networking . ”
“ Will the next presidential nominee be able to tap into all of these facets ? ” he asked .
“ Probably not . ”
The general election financing could also remain attractive because it becomes a funding floor , not a ceiling .
McCain demonstrated that this cycle .
He participated in the public financing system and collected his $ 85 million allotment .
Then , the Arizona senator helped the Republican National Committee raise millions more that were spent running ads for his campaign and financing his voter turnout operation .
That model may be more achievable for future candidates than Obama ’s accomplishments .
Obama ’s fundraising apparatus also was unique in that it attracted more than 3 million donors , the vast majority of whom never gave him more than a total of $ 250 .
But the Illinois senator also employed a more expansive big - donor base than his predecessors .
According to White House for Sale , a nonpartisan group that tracks political giving , Obama had 605 bundlers , or donors who collect money from friends and associates and bundle them together .
Four years ago , Democrat John F. Kerry had 588 bundlers and , in 2000 , Al Gore had none .
Republican bundling also grew this cycle .
McCain had 851 bundlers working for his campaign , compared to 557 who raised money for the Bush - Cheney re-election committee in 2004 .
George W. Bush is largely credited with institutionalizing the role of bundlers in 2000 , when he recruited a then unprecedented 555 surrogate fundraisers .
Despite Obama ’s overall fundraising advantage , a review of spending by the Campaign Finance Institute found that the partisan camps had roughly the same amount of money to spend in the final weeks of the campaign .
That balance , however , came after Obama and the Democratic National Committee spent roughly twice as much as McCain and the RNC in the first two weeks of the month .
In early October , Obama and the DNC disbursed $ 132 million , including $ 16 million in transfers to state parties , in the first two weeks of October .
During the same period , McCain and the RNC spent $ 67.6 million , the institute found .
The financial dominance of the Obama campaign at the presidential level was mirrored by Democrats in the congressional races .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics study , House and Senate candidates raised a combined $ 1.5 billion .
Democrats were on track to bank 59 percent of that money , a significant shift from 2006 when the parties ’ fundraising was roughly equal .
“ The Republican Party ’s long - time lead in the campaign finance game has been erased in this election due to the Democrats ’ control of the congressional agenda and their side ’s more skillful use of online fundraising , ” said the center ’s director , Sheila Krumholz .
One other notable campaign finance surprise in the 2008 campaign was the decline of the so - called 527s , the independent groups that ran some of the most negative and effective ads in the 2004 presidential campaign .
As the 2008 campaign came to a close , federally focused 527s had raised $ 185 million , a significant drop from the $ 338 million they raised and spent four years ago , according to a Campaign Finance Institute study .
The decline was attributed to several factors , including a Federal Election Commission crackdown on the groups and decisions by both Obama and McCain to discourage their involvement in the presidential campaign .
Consequently , some groups shifted their focus to House and Senate races , diffusing their presence and influence .
Others have shifted from the ad wars to the ground game .
Steve Weissman , the author of the report , cautions against writing the groups off for good .
“ Although the FEC ’s post 2004 enforcement actions against 527s have made them jump through new legal hoops , dampening their appeal somewhat , their strong performance in relation to 2006 indicates that they remain viable and important instruments of political action , ” he said .
( CNN ) --
In the midst of a frantic week in September filled with auditions and deadlines , New York casting director Michael Cassara had zero down time .
So one day , when he felt a sore throat coming on , Cassara had his doctor beamed into his office .
Michael Cassara was too busy to visit his doctor 's office , so he had his doctor come to him -- virtually .
Cassara did n't use lasers ; he used his laptop .
Logging into his account at hellohealth.com , Cassara clicked on the link for video chats and made an appointment , and an hour later , Dr. Sean Khozin popped up on his screen .
Based on how Cassara was feeling and his propensity to get strep throat , Khozin diagnosed a strep infection , " and five minutes later I had a prescription phoned in to a nearby pharmacy , " Cassara says .
The typical visit to the doctor -- call for an appointment , go to the doctor 's office , wait in the waiting room -- has remained unchanged for a very long time , notes Meredith Abreu Ressi , vice president of research for Manhattan Research , a health care marketing research firm .
But she says you should expect that to start to change in 2009 .
Watch more on the future of eHealth »
" Because of the Internet , we bank differently than we used to , and we plan our trips differently , and we buy real estate differently , " she says .
" But we still see our doctor the same way our grandparents did .
I think we 're about to see big changes in this area . "
Ressi says to expect to see more doctors close their traditional practices and open " telehealth " practices , where they deliver all or part of their services , in one form or another , over the Internet .
This means chatting with a doctor online via video , e-mailing your doctor with a question or perhaps going to a Web site where , for a small fee , a doctor will answer your medical questions instantly .
Here are five big changes to the classic doctor 's visit to look for in 2009 .
The changes are n't necessarily for the better or for the worse , and we 're not recommending you take part in them ; they 're just part of the trend towards more " eHealth . "
1 . Online house calls
Such services are very limited at the moment , but expect to see more as time goes on .
Today , Hellohealth offers patients video chats , texting , instant messaging and e-mails between doctors and patients .
There 's a $ 35 monthly fee , and each chat , IM session or phone session costs $ 50 to $ 100 .
Quick e-mails are free , and longer ones cost $ 150 an hour .
Regular in - person office visits cost $ 150 to $ 200 , and house calls cost $ 150 to $ 200 .
Here are the two catches : Hellohealth does n't accept insurance , and you can use its service only if you live in certain parts of Brooklyn , New York .
It plans to expand to other parts of New York and to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
American
Well , another leader in this field , opens its doors January 15 in Hawaii , where patients can communicate online , via phone , text or IM with doctors 24 hours a day at a cost of $ 10 for five minutes for Blue Cross / Blue Shield members and $ 45 for non-members .
American
Well plans to expand to other areas in 2009 .
2. Virtual clinics
Some Houston , Texas - area residents can visit clinics in various Wal - Marts , where patients speak via videolink to a physician who works in a central office .
The doctor can see a patient 's throat and ears via a camera at the end of medical instruments .
Emergency medical technicians at the clinics operate the instruments and do hands - on tasks such as taking blood pressure and temperature .
A basic office visit costs $ 59 .
Last month , I had them do a physical on me .
Click here to see the story .
3. Ask - a-doc Web sites
What 's the normal temperature for an infant when taken under the arm ?
If you forgot to take your medicine today , should you double up on your dose tomorrow ?
If you 've got a quick question , you can try to get an answer from sites that say they have various specialists on hand to give quick answers .
Two examples : justanswer.com and askadoctor.com , which charges $ 15.95 for an answer .
4 . Getting your test results online
More and more health systems are putting test results online , so patients can have direct access .
This also means you can double - check your doctor .
For example , Doug Smith , a patient at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville , Tennessee , found his own cancer in a CT scan report -- a cancer his doctor had missed .
Read his story here .
5. Twittering doctors
You and your friends are n't the only ones using Twitter .
Doctors are starting to use the social networking site to get answers on tough cases , says Jane Sarasohn - Kahn , a health economist and blogger at Health Populi .
" When confronted with a strange set of symptoms , some doctors are going on Twitter and asking other doctors , ' Hey , I 've got a conundrum .
Can any of you help me out ? ' "
As for Cassara , video chatting with his doctor has n't replaced seeing him in person .
He still goes into the office and also arranges for house calls .
" There are far more things they can do in the actual room than they can do online , " he says .
CNN 's Jennifer Pifer - Bixler and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .
All About Strep Throat • Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association • Wal - Mart Stores Inc .
When I started hacking on KDevelop4 one and a half years ago the goal was clear :
Use the duchain architecture , together with my previous code - completion programming experience , to build excellent C++ code - completion in KDevelop4 .
At that point I thought the duchain was a good representation of the C++ code , and only the user - interface part was missing .
I did n’t know that it was still far away from that .
So after some time , it showed that all these goals were very ambitious :
1. Code-completion
2. Intelligent code - highlighting
3 . Make it efficient , make the editor usable while the parser is working ( A hard task in its own )
4. Simple local refactoring
5. Real Project - wide quickopen
6. Project - wide refactoring
The problem is that the duchain is a very detailed and expensive to compute code - representation .
Just a year ago , if you would have let KDevelop4 parse the whole KDevplatform project into duchain , you would have had at a memory - usage of about 3 GB , and it would have taken a sheer endless amount of time .
During this year ’s summer of code project I tried changing that .
The basic “ theoretical ” structure and API have stayed similar , but the whole backend is nearly rewritten in a way that now allows the duchain to at some point become more efficient than what we had in KDevelop3 , and much more efficient than anything a java - IDE like Eclipse could ever get . 🙂
Anyway , given the fact that together with KDevelop4 ’s C++ support , an overwhelmingly big architecture had to be pulled , my plan for KDevelop release 4.0 was at least finishing goal 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 .
Due to the computational expense of the duchain , I thought 5 and 6 were just not realistic .
Those were ment for KDevelop 4.1 at best .
During the last months or even just weeks , things have changed dramatically .
The key was the idea to allow different processing - levels in the duchain .
With a very low processing level , KDevelop will not process anything that is within a function - body , which takes away a large part of the complexity .
Interested entities can now just tell the duchain that they want the data for specific files at a specific processing level , and the duchain will check whether the data is available , up - to - data , etc. , if it ’s not lets the background - parser crunch through the data once again using the correct processing level , and notifies the entity of the completely processed data .
Since even in the lowest processing level , we always have the both way #include structure available , this enabled KDevelop to do complex use - searching or refactoring , based on a project that was only processed with the lowest processing level .
The refactoring component just needs to walk the inclusion - path back to see all files from where the declarations are visible , then requests the duchain to return all those files in the highest processing - level which includes uses , and then perform whatever action is desired on those .
A few days ago I presented you the use - searching component , which was the first part that profitted from that architecture .
Today I ’ve spent my whole day creating a duchain based project - wide declaration rename functionality .
This is a great feeling , because right from the beginning , this has always been the point farthest away .
It requires a high level of precision and reliability from the duchain , which it finally actually seems to deliver .
Do n’t expect it to be perfect yet , since it ’s largely untested , but expect it to be there .
🙂
One great thing about this is that this whole thing is language - independent , so it may work with any language that builds a DUChain , although we are n’t planning to ship anything else than C++ in the near future .
So here we go :
The functionality is accessibe through the context - menu , or through any other many that handles a Declaration .
Just right - click the name of a Declaration in the editor window , and click “ Rename … ” .
Now you see a dialog that has two tabs .
In the left tab , you see the uses - widget that I ’ve presented last time , somewhat polished using ideas from a mockup posted as a comment to my last blog entry .
It allows you getting an overview of the actions that will be performed , since it exactly shows the places that will be changed .
In the second - tab there ’s a html navigation - widget , that allows you seeing and navigating all kinds of informations about the declaration you are just renaming .
At the top you see a line - edit , into which you can just write the new name , hit “ replace ” , and KDevelop gets going .
Currently you should not try this on your most central classes , because the computation may become very slow .
So now the most demanding tasks on C++ support are finally done .
In the next time I ’m going to try making it faster , fix bugs , and add a few yet missing smal code - completion features .
So this area is on target for the 4.0 release .
Since my last blog touched off a lot of discussions about the UI , I ’ve got enough of that , so please no comments about that area .
Just one thing :
We will try find a balance between feature discoverability , feature richness , and simpleness .
Be sure that the count of menu-entries will be lower than on the screenshot , the count of default docks will probably be about the same .
Now the real problems we still have to fix is project - management , building , debugging , etc . so if anyone wants to help , jump right on board . 🙂
In my next blogs , I will present more C++ features that are available in KDevelop4 , and that I could not live without . 🙂
Normally , I would frown upon testing beta software against final code that has been updated frequently , but the results this time around are very interesting .
Instead of using benchmarking programs , Adrian Kingsley - Hughes from ZDNet put together 23 real - world scenarios to see which operating system would be the quickest to complete all of the tasks .
He tested the 32 - bit versions of Windows 7 build 6.1.7000.0.081212-1400 , Windows Vista SP1 , and Windows XP SP3 .
Two separate test machines were used :
An AMD Phenom 9700 2.4GHz system fitted with an ATI Radeon 3850 and 4GB of RAM
An Intel Pentium Dual Core E2200 2.2GHz fitted with an NVIDIA GeForce 8400 GS and 1GB of RAM
Neither of these computers is top of the line , but Windows 7 managed to outperform both Vista and XP on both .
Kingsley gave a 1 to the operating system that finished each test first , a 2 for second place , and a 3 for third .
Windows 7 scored 25 points on both systems , placing first in 21 tests , and second in two other ones .
On the AMD system , XP scored 61 points and Vista scored 52 , while on the Intel system , XP scored 56 points and Vista scored 57 .
Either way , Windows 7 slaughtered both of its predecessors .
Bill Gates was n't kidding when he said Windows 7 would " be more efficient . "
The results are definitely positive for Windows 7 , but do n't walk away with the idea that installing Windows 7 on your current PC will make it fly .
This is beta code ; things will definitely change by the final release .
The changes will be probably for the better , mind you , but it 's still possible that Microsoft might need to make tradeoffs somewhere along the way .
Finally , every configuration is different , so while these results should get you excited , please keep things in perspective !
Further reading :
Most U.S. Government spending on nuclear weapons - related programs is unclassified .
But it is functionally secret since such spending is widely dispersed across many programs in several agencies and it is not formally tracked or reported .
A new study prepared for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace estimated that the cost of U.S. nuclear weapons and weapons - related programs exceeded $ 52 billion last year .
“ That ’s a floor , not a ceiling , ” said Stephen I. Schwartz , who led the study with Deepti Choubey .
The estimate does not include the costs of classified nuclear weapons programs or nuclear - related intelligence programs , among other limiting factors .
The $ 52 billion figure far exceeds the total annual budget for international diplomacy and foreign assistance ( $ 39.5 billion ) and comprises roughly 10 % of all national defense spending .
Because nuclear weapons costs are not officially tracked , it has been difficult or impossible to perform “ cost - benefit ” analyses of nuclear policies or to debate priorities among competing nuclear weapons programs .
Yet such priorities naturally emerge , undebated .
Thus , the majority of nuclear weapons spending ( 55.5 % ) is allocated towards upgrading , operating and sustaining the U.S. nuclear arsenal .
A much smaller fraction ( 10 % ) is devoted to controlling the spread of nuclear weapons and technology , the study found .
“ The disparity suggests that preserving and enhancing nuclear forces is far more important than preventing nuclear proliferation , ” said Mr. Schwartz .
The authors urge that a formal accounting of nuclear weapons spending be conducted by the government and reported to Congress and the public in order to provide greater clarity .
And they recommend that an increased fraction of nuclear security spending be directed towards preventing nuclear proliferation .
The full report and the underlying data are available from the Carnegie Endowment .
See “ Nuclear Security Spending : Assessing Costs , Examining Priorities , ” by Stephen I. Schwartz with Deepti Choubey , January 2009 .
Thanks to the head - of - the - pack Itchmo ! blog -- beyond JHritz 's excellent diary yesterday ( " Hill's Prescription DRY Cat Food , Alpo Dog Food , Join Recall " ) , we now also know the following :
Del Monte 's Ol ' Roy foods have been recalled : " Del Monte has announced that their Ol ’ Roy brand wet food , as well as the other brands have been made using the tainted wheat gluten also used by Menu Foods .
The other brands are : Jerky Treats , Gravy Train Beef Sticks , Pounce Meaty Morsels , Dollar General , and Happy Tails .
They are now recalling their food . "
( From Itchmo ! 's post , " ANOTHER RECALL : Ol ’Roy Wet Foods , Jerky Treats , Gravy Train Beef Sticks and Pounce Meaty Morsels . " )
The melamine crystals were easily visible in the suspect wheat gluten -- so why were n't they seen as a " red flag " that required Menu Foods to immediately stop production ?
“ There was a sizable amount of melamine .
You could see crystals in the wheat gluten , ” said the FDA ’s top vet .
Amazingly , no one noticed .
Not at Menu Foods , not at Hills , not at Purina , not at Del Monte — all companies who are busy touting their high quality . "
( From Itchmo ! 's post , " Melamine Crystals Could Be Seen in Wheat Gluten " )
in the suspect wheat gluten -- so why were n't they seen as a " red flag " that required Menu Foods to immediately stop production ?
The FDA has identified the company that sells the suspected wheat gluten -- but the FDA has apparently not released this information to the media : FDA just issued this warning against the import of specific wheat gluten from a maker in China .
The full name of the company is : Xuzhou Anying Biologic Technology Development Company Ltd .
This company also exports wheat flour , cornstarch , sweet potato starch , protein powder , zinc oxide , carrots , garlic , ginger , and other agricultural products .
( Web site ) This is the only known source of contamination identified by the FDA .
Unfortunately , this was never released to the media from what we can gather .
... ( Web site ) ( From Itchmo ! 's post , " FDA Pinpoints Suspected Seller of Wheat Gluten " ) Susan 's Question :
How many of the company 's products -- " wheat flour , cornstarch , sweet potato starch , protein powder , zinc oxide , carrots , garlic , ginger , and other agricultural products " -- are also used in human food sold in other countries , including the U.S. ?
: Quite curiously , it was Menu Foods that supplied the pet food samples to the New York lab that , last week , announced the culprit was a rodenticide called aminopterin .
Why then did other tests conducted elsewhere not show the aminopterin ?
( Read more speculations in this Itchmo ! post , " What Exactly Did Menu Foods Give to the NY Lab ? " )
It 's quite clear that this pet food recall is far from over .
It 's probably safe to predict that more companies will be forced to announce recalls .
And thousands more pets will die before the companies finally announce that their products are suspect .
I laud Senator Durkin 's press release today , in which he also credits the co-author of the letter to the FDA , Rep. Rosa DeLauro ( D - CT ) .
Sen . Durkin and his counterpart in the House , Rep. DeLauro , are the first two members of Congress to step up to the plate on this widening scandal to which there seems to be no end in sight .
But , there has to be more than " asking for an analysis of FDA 's oversight of pet food manufacturing facilities and a report of actions taken since the recent pet food recall . "
And there has to be more than accusing the FDA of failing at its job :
Based on the evidence so far , it would appear that FDA is failing its responsibilities to protect animals from unsafe food as much as it is failing to protect American consumers .
They have never visited the plant in Kansas being mentioned as a possible source of the contamination , and the last time FDA inspected the New Jersey plant that has also been implicated was in 2004 , " said DeLauro , Chairwoman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture , FDA and related agencies .
" For the past decade , many of us who have examined our food safety system have pressed for a consolidated food safety agency .
In light of recent events it looks like we will need to broaden that effort to include pet foods to ensure that all family members are protected from food - borne illnesses .
I hope that Sen. Durbin and other members of Congress will also provide emergency funding to the FDA to help it repair its lost investigative abilities .
The FDA 's field investigative units have been crippled by six years of Republican gutting of regulatory agencies .
From OMB Watch , February 2007 :
Cuts at FDA Jeopardize Stomachs , Security Amid high profile food safety crises such as the spinach contamination of 2006 and recent salmonella tainted peanut butter , the FDA has been reducing its commitment to food safety , according to an Associated Press article .
There are 12 percent fewer FDA employees in field offices who concentrate on food issues .
Safety tests for U.S. - produced food have dropped nearly 75 percent , from 9,748 in 2003 to 2,455 last year , according to the agency 's own statistics .
As some of you will recall , I 've been concerned for some time about cutbacks to regulatory agencies by the Bush administration -- all intended to free corporations from scrutiny and extra costs .
These are my writings on oversight cutbacks :
" Dead By Sunset : Kill it , and make it look like an accident , " April 2005 : Buried deep in the reams of the new [ 2005 ] budget is a " sunset " provision that will permit a small commission -- it will be a commission comprised of lobbyists and corporate executives -- to kill the Environmental Protection Agency , the Food and Drug Administration , even the Securities and Exchange Commission .
" The King of Everything : Olbermann 's Commentary Tonight , " February 26 , 2007 : ... Less in the public eye are the sweeping controls over federal agencies , emanating from the White House 's Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) . [...]
A New Bush Power - Grab
Frank O'Donnell ( of Clean Air Watch )
February 22 , 2007
Though the Senate stumbled in its effort to rein in President Bush 's war plans , at least the issue was thoroughly debated in the House and in the media .
Now it 's time for Congress to directly confront the President again - this time on domestic policy .
I am referring specifically to a new executive order from the White House that collects more power in the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) in a bid to exert a chokehold on federal agencies .
In the 2006 budget , reports OMB Watch , the slashes to the FDA budget meant that less and less human and animal foods would be inspected :
Budget Slashes Enforcement at FDA , EPA
The White House 's fiscal year 2006 budget submission will mean big cuts in food and drug safety inspection as well as state enforcement of environmental protections .
Amidst mounting concern over the safety of our food supply from threats such as mad cow disease and bioterrorism and after a storm of criticism about FDA 's botched inspection of British flu vaccine facilities , which led to a vaccine shortage this winter , FDA 's budget proposes cuts to nearly all of its inspection programs .
The new FDA budget proposes major cuts in both foreign and domestic inspection programs , including significant spending reductions in the following areas : 5 percent for domestic food safety inspections ,
5.8 percent for foreign drug plant inspections , and
4.7 percent for inspections of national blood banks .
According to an agency statement given to USA Today , FDA will stretch its meager budget by targeting inspection towards only high risk cases ...
OMB
Watch notes that the 2007 budget severely curtails the FDA 's ability to oversee nanotechnology :
Under the President ’s proposed 2007 budget for FDA , the funding gap between responsibilities and capacity will grow again , to 56 % .
This harsh budget reality is a real threat to FDA ’s ability to effectively oversee nanotechnology .
It means among other things that FDA lacks the resources it needs to build its own expertise , to develop the safety - testing protocols and detection methods needed to evaluate new nanotechnology products , to conduct its own risk research , to gather the necessary premarket data required to get ahead of commercialization and to oversee products after they have entered the market .
While I have n't so far found precise statistics on the FDA 's budget problems for inspection of pet foods , it 's easy to assume that that investigatory work is also severely under - budgeted and undermanned .
Particularly since the suspect ingredient comes from a company that also produces ingredients that can be found in HUMAN food , I think that Congress also needs to pass an emergency bill that permits the FDA to add investigators , statisticians , laboratories , veterinarians , and researchers so that we pet " parents " can be assured that we will get the most correct information possible .
:::::::::::::
NOTE : Jhritz , in her diaries , makes it a point to provide alternative food choices for pet parents .
I agree .
Here are the two articles from Itchmo , one of which I contributed to , that give you pet parents the information you need to give your pets SAFE food .
What should I feed my pet ?
For Cats For Dogs
To that , I 'd add that this article by a veterinarian -- " FEEDING YOUR CAT : KNOW THE BASICS OF FELINE NUTRITION " -- also has a list of recommended pet food products .
Based on my own research , I concur that these are safe products .
Even though this list is for cats , brands such as Wellness also sell excellent food for dogs .
So , use the list to find products for either cats or dogs .
Redirects being abused by spammers
Scripts that redirect users to a file on the server — such as a PDF document — can sometimes be vulnerable .
If you use a content management system ( CMS ) that allows you to upload files , you might want to make sure the links go straight to the file , rather than going through a redirect .
This includes any redirects you might have in the downloads section of your site .
Watch out for links like this :
example.com/go.php?url=
example.com/ie/ie40/download/?
Internal site search result pages sometimes have automatic redirect options that could be vulnerable .
Look for patterns like this , where users are automatically sent to any page after the " url= " parameter :
example.com/search?q=user+search+keywords&url=
Systems to track clicks for affiliate programs , ad programs , or site statistics might be open as well .
Some example URLs include :
example.com/coupon.jsp?code=ABCDEF&url=
example.com/cs.html?url=
Proxy sites , though not always technically redirects , are designed to send users through to other sites and therefore can be vulnerable to this abuse .
This includes those used by schools and libraries .
For example :
proxy.example.com/?url=
In some cases , login pages will redirect users back to the page they were trying to access .
Look out for URL parameters like this :
example.com/login?url=
Scripts that put up an interstitial page when users leave a site can be abused .
Lots of educational , government , and large corporate web sites do this to let users know that information found on outgoing links is n't under their control .
Look for URLs following patterns like this :
example.com /redirect/
example.com /out ?
example.com/cgi-bin/redirect.cgi?
Is my site being abused ?
Check if abused URLs are showing up in Google .
Try a site : search on your site to see if anything unfamiliar shows up in Google 's results for your site .
You can add words to the query that are unlikely to appear in your content , such as commercial terms or adult language .
If the query [ site : example.com viagra ] is n't supposed to return any pages on your site and it does , that could be a problem .
You can even automate these searches with Google Alerts .
You can also watch out for strange queries showing up in the Top search queries section of Webmaster Tools .
If you have a site dedicated to the genealogy of the landed gentry , a large number of queries for porn , pills , or casinos might be a red flag .
On the other hand , if you have a drug info site , you might not expect to see celebrities in your top queries .
Keep an eye on the Message Center in Webmaster Tools for any messages from Google .
Check your server logs or web analytics package for unfamiliar URL parameters ( like " =http : " or " =// " ) or spikes in traffic to redirect URLs on your site .
You can also check the pages with external links in Webmaster Tools .
Watch out for user complaints about content or malware that you know for sure can not be found on your site .
Your users may have seen your domain in the URL before being redirected and assumed they were still on your site .
What you can do
Change the redirect code to check the referer , since in most cases everyone coming to your redirect script legitimately should come from your site , not a search engine or elsewhere .
You may need to be permissive , since some users ' browsers may not report a referer , but if you know a user is coming from an external site you can stop or warn them .
If your script should only ever send users to an internal page or file ( for example , on a page with file downloads ) , you should specifically disallow off - site redirects .
Consider using a whitelist of safe destinations .
In this case your code would keep a record of all outgoing links , and then check to make sure the redirect is a legitimate destination before forwarding the user on .
Consider signing your redirects .
If your website does have a genuine need to provide URL redirects , you can properly hash the destination URL and then include that cryptographic signature as another parameter when doing the redirect .
That allows your own site to do URL redirection without opening your URL redirector to the general public .
If your site is really not using it , just disable or remove the redirect .
We have noticed a large number of sites where the only use of the redirect is by spammers — it 's probably just a feature left turned on by default .
Use robots . txt to exclude search engines from the redirect scripts on your site .
This wo n't solve the problem completely , as attackers could still use your domain in email spam .
Your site will be less attractive to attackers , though , and users wo n't get tricked via web search results .
If your redirect scripts reside in a subfolder with other scripts that do n't need to appear in search results , excluding the entire subfolder may even make it harder for spammers to find redirect scripts in the first place .
You can also use Webmaster Tools to remove URLs .
Chances are that the spammers have also hacked and abused other sites to generate links to the spammed section of your site .
If you see suspicious sites or spammed forums linking in , feel free to report those to us , preferably with the verified spam report form in Webmaster Tools .
No one wants malware or spammy URLs inserted onto their domain , which is why we all try to follow good security practices .
But what if there were a way for spammers to take advantage of your site , without ever setting a virtual foot in your server ?
There is , byWebmasters face a number of situations where it 's helpful to redirect users to another page .
Unfortunately , redirects left open to any arbitrary destination can be abused .
This is a particularly onerous form of abuse because it takes advantage of your site 's functionality rather than exploiting a simple bug or security flaw .
Spammers hope to use your domain as a temporary " landing page " to trick email users , searchers and search engines into following links which appear to be pointing to your site , but actually redirect to their spammy site .
We at Google are working hard to keep the abused URLs out of our index , but it 's important for you to make sure your site is not being used in this way .
Chances are you do n't want users finding URLs on your domain that push them to a screen full of unwanted porn , nasty viruses and malware , or phishing attempts .
Spammers will generate links to make the redirects appear in search results , and these links tend to come from bad neighborhoods you do n't want to be associated with .
This sort of abuse has become relatively common lately so we wanted to get the word out to you and your fellow webmasters .
First we 'll give some examples of redirects that are actively being abused , then we 'll talk about how to find out if your site is being abused and what to do about it .
We have noticed spammers going after a wide range of websites , from large well - known companies to small local government agencies .
The list below is a sample of the kinds of redirect we have seen used .
These are all perfectly legitimate techniques , but if they 're used on your site you should watch out for abuse .
Even if none of the patterns above look familiar , your site may have open redirects to keep an eye on .
There are a number of ways to see if you are vulnerable , even if you are not a developer yourself .
Unfortunately there is no one easy way to make sure that your redirects are n't exploited .
An open redirect is n't a bug or a security flaw in and of itself — for some uses they have to be left fairly open .
But there are a few things you can do to prevent your redirects from being abused or at least to make them less attractive targets .
Some of these are n't trivial ; you may need to write some custom code or talk to your vendor about releasing a patch .
Open redirect abuse is a big issue right now but we think that the more webmasters know about it , the harder it will be for the bad guys to take advantage of unwary sites .
Please feel free to leave any helpful tips in the comments below or discuss in our Webmaster Help Forum
At the height of the bloody suppression by the Burma ( Myanmar ) regime of protesting monks last year , the heated question was whether the international community should intervene .
In response , a well - known Chinese professor told an American newspaper " China has used tanks to kill people on Tiananmen Square .
It is Myanmar 's sovereign right to kill their own people , too . "
That is about as chilling and abhorrent a statement as it gets for many in developed countries .
It 's an apparent apologia not only for Tiananmen and the October crackdown , but the killing fields of Cambodia , the genocide in Rwanda , the bloody massacre of Srebrenica , and the crimes against humanity continuing in Darfur .
The statement reflects a feeling that seems to ignore the developments in international human rights law since 1945 – from the Universal Declaration and the Covenants , to the Genocide Convention and the Rome Statute establishing the International Criminal Court .
And it seems to embrace the starkest possible interpretation of Westphalian principles ; not only that what happens within state borders is nobody else 's business , but that sovereignty is a license to kill .
For many others , however , the Chinese professor 's statement , while probably chilling in its directness , and certainly less diplomatically expressed than it could have been , captures a sentiment that has great resonance in the developing world .
It 's also one that has too often been ignored by enthusiastic human rights campaigners arguing for " the right to intervene , " by coercive military force if necessary , in internal situations .
While the right of humanitarian intervention might be seen in most of the developed world as a noble and effective rallying cry , it had the capacity elsewhere to enrage .
And it continues to do so , not least among those new states emerging from the post World War II period , proud of their identity , conscious in many cases of their fragility .
To try to resolve this tension between competing worldviews , the concept of " the responsibility to protect , " or R2P , was devised as a new rallying cry to replace the call for " the right to intervene . "
The core of R2P is that sovereign states should retain the primary responsibility to protect their own people from mass atrocities .
But if they manifestly fail to do so , through either incapacity or ill will , then it becomes the collective responsibility of the international community to take appropriate action .
Sovereignty conveys no immunity when massive human rights violations are involved .
The emphasis is on prevention and assistance for states in need .
And any further response necessary stresses using the least coercive and intrusive effective means possible .
Force might be needed , but only in extreme and exceptional cases , and with Security Council approval .
The R2P concept was proposed by a Canadian - sponsored international commission in 2001 , and it took only four years – just a blink of an eye in the history of ideas – for the principles to be adopted , without dissent , by the UN General Assembly .
But celebration remains premature :
It is one thing to have a new norm of international behavior up in lights , quite another ( as the Chinese professor 's comment shows ) for it to be genuinely universally accepted , and yet another thing for it to be effectively applied .
The international community 's immediate response – and by diplomatic rather than military means – to the postelection explosion of ethnic violence in Kenya at the beginning of this year was an excellent example of the new norm .
And it provides very stark contrast to the cynicism and indifference that greeted the Rwandan genocide in 1994 .
But other cases , like the Burma cyclone and the Russian invasion of Georgia , have been either prematurely labeled or mislabeled as R2P ones .
And while Darfur is properly labeled a case of acute R2P concern , it is one where the international response has so far been very ineffective .
Three big challenges remain for like - minded governments and civil society organizations who understand and accept the power of the R2P norm :
First there is the conceptual one of ensuring that its scope and limits are fully understood , so that it is not seen as either too broad to be useful or too narrowly militarily focused to be acceptable .
Second , there is the institutional one , of ensuring diplomatic , civilian , and military capacity is available to respond effectively to new situations .
And last , there is the political one of ensuring that , when preventive or reactive action becomes necessary , the will is there to mobilize that capacity .
If we are never again to have to say " never again , " these challenges simply have to be met .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version 's subhead misstated the ' responsibility to protect ' doctrine . ]
• Gareth Evans , former Australian foreign minister , is president of the Crisis Group and author of " The Responsibility to Protect : Ending Mass Atrocity Crimes Once and for All . "
by Stephen Smith
The Weekly Standard has a comprehensive and compelling piece of investigative reporting on Columbia University ’s attempt to acquire 17 acres in the heart of the Manhattanville section , north of its Morningside campus .
The tale is a classic example of eminent domain abuse – the university worked hand - in - glove with the government to designate the area as blighted and eligible for eminent domain action , and the university ’s lawyers pushed the limits of rational argument so far and yet look like they ’ll probably come out on top .
But perhaps more importantly in this process of acquiring the necessary Manhattanville land on which to build its gleaming new Campus upon a Hill ( and under which to build a mammoth garage complex ) is not the explicit use of eminent domain , but rather the threat of the land being taken by force .
Whereas Columbia ’s initial land acquisitions before the expansion plans were made public were probably not made under duress , as time went on , Columbia ’s plans became known , and , as a holdout landlord ’s leasing agent put it : “ At some point along the line , with all of these concerns , the knowledge that Columbia University can or will invoke eminent domain has caused [ ground floor retail renters ] to seek out alternative space arrangements . ”
This is a phenomenon that affects all negotiations with the government and big institutions like Columbia – and , post–Kelo , even private buyers – and which makes it very difficult to be sure that the owner did n’t sell for less than they ’d have liked ( or , indeed , might not have wanted to sell at any price ) .
As it is , the land that Columbia has already acquired – 70 % of what it wants – is largely vacant and most definitely more “ blighted ” than the land it wants to buy , however the relevant ( and irrelevant ) acronymed planning agencies made sure not to recognize any of their own studies that come to that obvious conclusion .
So while the school is gathering all the land it wants , the buildings are vacant and the neighborhood is deteriorating .
And even once it gets what it wants , the university ’s own plans admit that they have not decided what they will build on some of the land , meaning even more years of blight .
Unfortunately , the practice of taking land via eminent domain or otherwise restricting use has a long and illustrious history of not working out too well in the end .
In the 1926 landmark Supreme Court Case Village of Euclid vs. Ambler Realty Co. that validated zoning codes as constitutional , the justices dismissed as “ mere speculation ” the plaintiff ’s argument that the restrictions aimed at keeping out industrial development would lower the property ’s value .
Obviously this mere speculation turned out to be right , because the property did n’t find a buyer until some two decades later , when the city relented , and the land has been used for industrial purposes ever since .
In the most recent land use decision handed down by the Supreme Court , Kelo vs. City of New London in 2005 , the justices ’ decision has also shown itself to be clearly detrimental with respect to the specific property in question .
Not two years after the would - be developer succeeded in wresting the holdouts ’ property from them , the proposed development has fallen flat on its face , and there are no plans to develop the vacant properties .
In my own hometown of Bryn Mawr , a suburb of Philadelphia , the eponymous “ non-profit ” hospital fought a protracted battle to acquire a good chunk of prime surrounding property ( which would be even more valuable under the hospital ’s desired zoning designation ) , and while it never used eminent domain , the specter of it led people to sell their properties where they otherwise would n’t have .
Unsurprisingly , the Bryn Mawr Hospital ’s plans for developing the newly - acquired property seem to have stalled .
Of the lots , one had a few houses that were turned into a parking lot that was supposed to replace a different parking lot which was to be developed , but that development never materialized , so now instead of a full parking lot and a house , there ’s a full parking lot and an empty parking lot .
The other lot was a block of row homes , some of the few affordable property left in the area , and they were razed to the ground and now an unused grassy field stands in their wake .
But despite the constant disappointments in eminent domain and zoning outcomes , the courts and local governments do n’t seem to have learned the most fundamental rule of economics : private actors are better at determining the most efficient use of productive inputs than public ones like land use and eminent domain boards .
This post was written by Stephen Smith , who writes for his own blog called Rationalitate .
" Above all , you must realize that if you go ahead with this invasion , Osama bin Laden will triumph , rising from his grave or seclusion .
His network will be swollen with fresh recruits , and other charismatic individuals will seek to build upon his model , multiplying those networks .
And the United States will have delivered the death blow to itself .
Using your own act of war , Osama and his cohort will irrevocably divide the hearts and minds of the Arab Street from moderate governments in Islamic countries that have been holding back the tide .
Power to the people , what we call ' democracy , ' will secure the rise of fundamentalists . "
Susan Lindauer to Andrew Card , January 6 , 2003
That was the " high water mark " of the federal government 's case against Susan Lindauer , the CIA asset who was charged with acting as a spy for the Iraqi government and trying to influence government policy .
It 's impossible to see , with the benefit of nearly six years of hindsight , how Susan Lindauer was wrong about anything .
Yesterday , Lindauer was essentially exonerated when the DOJ filed a motion to drop all charges both major and minor against Susan Lindauer , thereby waiving the right to prosecute her for these alleged crimes .
Note that it 's five days before Bush and Cheney will ooze out of the White House .
Liberal , pinko , commie , moonbat , homosexual al Qaida types in their cynicism will no doubt see into this timing a concerted attempt to keep Lindauer gagged and under wraps , thereby providing just enough cover for Bush and Cheney to slip out of town before the nooses get knotted .
But one has to admit , ita helluva coincidence since a new sheriff 's coming to town .
Bush and Cheney may not have much to fear from Lindauer anymore but the same can't be said for certain members of Congress who , for the moment , have yet to be named .
Just to recap with the basic facts to give some background to those of you who may be unfamiliar with this case : Lindauer was a supervised CIA asset who was arrested in March of 2004 for working in collusion with Iraqi intelligence officials and for taking an unauthorized trip to Baghdad in the days leading up to the March 19 , 2003 invasion .
After sending 11 letters to her second cousin , former WH Chief of Staff Andrew Card , warning the Bush administration of the dire consequences of rushing into war with Iraq with the intelligence at hand , Lindauer was arrested and then held without trial for almost five years .
During this endless pre-trial phase , the prosecution continually lobbied to have Lindauer unfit to stand trial .
This tack essentially prevented Ms. Lindauer to allow evidence and witnesses to be called in her defense .
The court never saw nor knew of the existence of an independent psychological profile done on Lindauer to counter the one commissioned by the federal government until bloggers entered Judge Michael Mukasey 's court .
The Department of Justice then had Lindauer remanded to Carswell Federal Prison , the government 's only maximum security prison for women and a sinkhole of human misery , for longer than the legal amount of time and even tried to get Mukasey to allow Carswell to forcibly administer to Lindauer Haldol , a powerful antipsychotic drug .
In other words , Lindauer was gagged and kept out of sight and out of mind for five years and hardly mentioned by either the mainstream media or progressive blogs until the very end of the Bush administration ( something that I 'd deeply suspected would happen ) .
Now begins the civil lawsuit and , if there 's any justice in this world , Susan Lindauer will end up owning half of what Bush has left of the government .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Fall has arrived and with the crisp weather comes a cornucopia of delightful fruits and vegetables that not only taste great but are excellent health boosters , as well !
Fruits and vegetables are packed with powerful antioxidants that can lower your risk of heart disease , cancer , diabetes - related damage and even slow down the body 's natural aging process .
So grab an apple and read on What exactly are antioxidants and why do we need them ?
Antioxidants are nature 's way of fighting off potentially dangerous molecules in the body .
Such molecules come in the form of synthetic chemicals such as pesticides , plastics , and chlorine byproducts and are called free radicals .
Free radicals are unstable molecules that essentially feed off of otherwise healthy molecules in order to survive .
Every day tens of thousands of free radicals are generated within the body , causing cell damage that can lead to chronic and degenerative diseases if left unchecked .
The body sometimes creates its own free radicals in order to destroy viruses or bacteria .
To balance out these unruly molecules , the body also creates antioxidants , which have the sole purpose of neutralizing free radicals .
The body is only designed to create a certain amount of antioxidants on its own however , and as we are faced with an ever - growing number of environmental toxins , the body is less capable of fighting off the unwanted harmful invaders .
Fruits and vegetables provide the body with an added source of antioxidants that is needed to properly wage war against free radicals .
Without the necessary intake of healthy fruits and vegetables , free radicals can spread and eventually lead to stroke , heart attack , arthritis , vision problems , Parkinson 's disease , Alzheimer 's disease and various types of cancer .
The benefits of getting your daily dose of fruits and vegetables are numerous !
The antioxidant , Vitamin E , is wonderful for your heart .
Vitamin E has the ability to essentially " mop up " the LDL ( " bad " ) cholesterol in your arteries , allowing for the necessary elasticity and blood pressure levels to keep your heart pumping safely .
Cholesterol , if left untreated , builds up as plaque on the inside walls of the arteries , impeding blood flow LDL and forcing the heart to work overtime to continue functioning .
Eventually , plaque buildup can become so severe that it can create a blockage in the artery , leading to heart attack or stroke .
By getting enough Vitamin E in your diet you can give your body the necessary antioxidants to prevent your LDL cholesterol levels from getting out of control .
Antioxidants can protect you against diabetes related damage .
Free radicals thrive in the altered metabolic states of diabetics .
But with the necessary antioxidants that fruits and vegetables can provide , free radicals can be neutralized , protecting your kidneys , blood vessels , eyes and heart from harmful damage .
Free radicals cause cancer cells to grow .
Many studies have linked cancer , including those of the stomach , prostate , colon , breast , bladder , esophagus and pancreas , to free radicals .
Eating your fruits and vegetables may not prevent cancer altogether , but can give your body the fighting chance that it needs .
Antioxidants can neutralize cancer cells before they develop into a mass .
A recent study at Harvard University found that men who ate the most tomato based foods ( rich in antioxidants ) had a 35 % lower risk of developing prostate cancer than those who ate the least amount of tomato based foods .
Antioxidants slow the effects of aging !
Free radicals damage the cells within our body that are vital to a youthful appearance and good health .
Eating fruits and vegetables can slow down the loss of muscle elasticity that leads to wrinkles , boost your immunity making you less susceptible to illness , and put the breaks on memory failure , as free radicals injure the brain cells necessary for retaining information .
Antioxidants are available in supplement form but are the most powerful when found in whole foods .
The best practice is to combine a " greens " supplement ( containing vitamins , minerals and antioxidants found in produce ) with the recommended 5 to 9 servings of fruits and vegetables each day .
Leafy vegetables , like spinach and collard greens , and orange colored fruits and vegetables such as mangos , oranges , cantaloupe , sweet potatoes and carrots are all excellent sources of the antioxidant beta- carotene .
Fruits and vegetables containing lycopene , such as tomatoes , watermelon , guava , papaya , apricots and pink grapefruit , are also packed with antioxidants .
It is important that when you are purchasing fruits and vegetables for yourself and your family that you shop in the organic section .
The produce available in most stores no longer contains the level of nutrients that it did 100 years ago .
Because of pesticides and the diminished mineral levels in soils used today , eating non-organic produce will not provide you with the antioxidants ( or vitamins and minerals ) that your body needs .
On average , organic produce contains nearly 30 % more nutrients than non-organic and is grown without using harsh chemicals that can lead to further free radical exposure .
Autumn is a great time to start a new healthy habit that your family will love , and eating 5 to 9 servings a day of scrumptious organic fruits and vegetables really can keep the doctor away .
Leigh Erin Connealy , M.D. has specialized in Integrative Medicine for over twenty years , using conventional and natural methods to determine and discover the " root of the cause " in her clinic , Center for New Medicine in Irvine , California , each and every day .
Many people come in to the clinic from all over the world with severe chronic illnesses that conventional medical protocols have been unsuccessful treating .
She realized early on that she can truly change lives through education as well as treatment protocols .
Leigh Erin Connealy , M.D. and her medical staff strives to look at the whole person while exploring the effects and relationships among nutrition , psychological and social factors , environmental effects and personal attunement .
Out of frustration of trying to find the right products to help her patients she formulated the perfectlyhealthy brand of products .
All perfectlyhealthy products are clinically tested .
For more information on recommended products , please visit www.perfectlyhealthy.net or www.perfectlyhealthy.com
Posted on by dj357
Hello all ,
As part of my works on behalf of the newly formed Atheist Ireland , I recorded my own twist on FXR ’s twist on Monty Python ’s “ Lumberjack Song ” , provided in this thread over at Atheist.ie
Enjoy !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : atheism , humour , religion , skepticism , Video | Tagged : atheism , atheist , atheist ireland , monty python , Video , youtube |
The tears are finally drying – the tears of the Bush years , and the tears of awe at the sight of a black President of the United States .
So what now ?
The cliché of the day is that Barack Obama will inevitably disappoint the hopes of a watching world , but the truth is more subtle than that .
If we want to see how Obama will affect us all – for good or bad – we need to trace the deep structural factors that underlie United States foreign policy .
A useful case study of these pressures is about to flicker on to our news pages for a moment – from the top of the world .
Bolivia is the poorest country in Latin America , and its lofty slums 13,000 feet above sea level seem a world away from the high theatre of the inauguration .
But if we look at this country closely , we can explain one of the great paradoxes of the United States – that it has incubated a triumphant civil rights movement at home , yet thwarted civil rights movements abroad .
Bolivia shows us in stark detail the contradictions facing a black President of the American empire .
The President of Bolivia , Evo Morales , has a story strikingly similar to Obama's .
In 2006 , he became the first indigenous president of his country – and a symbol of the potential of democracy .
When the Spanish arrived in Bolivia in the 16th century , they enslaved the indigenous people and worked millions to death .
As recently as the 1950s , an indigenous person was n't even allowed to walk through the centre of La Paz , where the presidential palace and city cathedral stand .
They were ( and are ) routinely compared to monkeys and apes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Morales was born to a poor potato - farmer in the mountains , and grew up scavenging for discarded orange peel or banana skins to eat .
Of his seven siblings , four died in infancy .
Throughout his adult life , it was taken for granted that the country would be ruled by the white minority ; the " Indians " were too " child - like " to manage a country .
Given that the US is constitutionally a democracy and its presidents say they are committed to spreading democracy across the world , you would expect them to welcome the democratic rise of Morales .
But wait .
Bolivia has massive reserves of natural gas – a geo- strategic asset , and one that rakes in billions for American corporations .
Here is where the complications set in .
Before Morales , the white elite was happy to allow American companies to simply take the gas and leave the Bolivian people with short change : just 18 per cent of the royalties .
Indeed , they handed almost the entire country to US interests , while skimming a small percentage for themselves .
In 1999 , an American company , Bechtel , was handed the water supply – and water rates for the poor majority doubled .
Morales ran for election against this agenda .
He said that Bolivia 's resources should be used for the benefit of millions of bitterly poor Bolivians , not a tiny number of super - rich Americans .
He kept his promise .
Now Bolivia keeps 82 per cent of the vast gas royalties – and he has used the money to increase health spending by 300 per cent , and to build the country 's first pension system .
He is one of the most popular leaders in the democratic world .
I have seen this pink tide rising through the barrios and favelas across South America .
Millions of people are seeing doctors and schools for the first time in their lives .
I suspect that a majority of the American people – who are good and decent – would be pleased and support this process if they were told about it honestly .
But how did the US government ( and much of the media ) react ?
George Bush fulminated that " democracy is being eroded in Bolivia " , and a recent US ambassador to the country compared Morales to Osama bin Laden .
Why ?
To them , you are a democrat if you give your resources to US corporations , and you are a dictator if you give them to your own people .
The will of the Bolivian people is irrelevant .
For these reasons , the US has been moving to trash Morales .
By an odd quirk of fate , almost all of Bolivia 's gas supplies are in the east of the country – where the richest , whitest part of the population lives .
So the US government has been funding and fuelling the hard - right separatist movements that want these regions to break away .
Then the whites would happily hand the gas to US companies like in the good ol ' days – and Morales would be left without resources .
The interference became so severe that last September Morales had to expel the US ambassador for " conspiring against democracy " .
This weekend , Morales is holding a referendum on a new constitution for the country which will entrench the rights of indigenous people .
Enter Obama – and his paradoxes .
He is obviously a person of good will and good sense , but he is operating in a system subject to many undemocratic pressures .
Bolivia illustrates the tension .
The rise of Morales reminds us of the America the world loves : its yes - we - can openness and civil rights movements .
Yet the presence of gas reminds us of the America the world hates : the desire to establish " full spectrum dominance " over the world 's resources , whatever the pesky natives think .
Which America will Obama embody ?
The answer is both – at first .
Morales has welcomed him as " a brother " , and Obama has made it clear he wants a dialogue , rather than the abuse of the Bush years .
Yet who is Obama 's Bolivia adviser ?
A lawyer called Greg Craig , who represents Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada – the hard - right former president of Bolivia who imposed some of the most extreme privatisations of the 1980s , and is now wanted on charges of genocide .
Craig 's legal team says Morales is ( yes ) leading " an offensive against democracy " .
The structural pressures within the US system that drove hostility to a democratic civil rights leader like Morales have not dissolved in the cold Washington air .
The US is still dependent on foreign fossil fuels to keep its lights on , and US corporations still buy senators from both parties .
Obama will still be swayed by those factors .
But while this is a reason to be frustrated , it is n't a reason to be cynical .
Why ?
Because while he will be swayed by those factors , he will also subtly erode them over time .
Obama has made energy independence – a massive transition away from foreign oil and gas , and towards the wind , sun and waves – the centre of his governing programme .
If the US is no longer addicted to Bolivian gas , then its governments will be much less inclined to topple anybody else who wants to control it .
( If they 're off oil , they 'll be much less invested in the Saudi tyranny and petro-wars in the Middle East too . )
Obama also says he wants to peel back the distorting effect of corporate money on the US political system .
He is already less slathered in corporate cash than any president since the 1920s .
The further he pushes it back , the more breathing space democratic movements like Morales 's have to control their own resources .
But we will see .
If you want to know if Obama is really altering the tectonic forces that drive American power , keep an eye on the rooftop of the world .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
As we observe Martin Luther King Jr. Day against the backdrop of a war openly assailed by members of both parties of Congress , and a scandal involving wiretaps of U.S. citizens suspected of being in league with enemies of the state , it behooves us to recognize how cyclical is the nature of American politics and policy , for Dr. King was facing those very same issues in the 1960s .
Not only was Dr. King the object of a massive , illegal eavesdropping program aimed at painting him as a sexual deviant and a Communist fifth columnist , but he was also demonized for his opposition to the Vietnam War by the same media organizations that had practically canonized him a few years before .
Truthdig has assembled a selection of resources highlighting various aspects of Dr. King ’s life that seem particularly pertinent to current - day discussions of liberties at home and sovereignty abroad .
Update : Download an audio Mp3 version of Dr. King ’s controversial “ Beyond Vietnam ” speech , in which he called America the “ greatest purveyor of violence in the world today . ”
Right - click on this link and select “ save link / target as ” ( file is 24 megs and runs about an hour ) .
MLK and Spying
King the “ Radical ”
Exactly one year before he was assassinated in 1968 , Dr. King delivered a speech at the Riverside Church in New York City entitled “ Beyond Vietnam : A Time to Break the Silence , ” in which he called America the “ greatest purveyor of violence in the world today . ”
Time magazine , which had declared King “ Man of the Year ” in 1964 , now accused him of providing succor to Hanoi .
The Washington Post said that King had “ diminished his usefulness to his cause , his country , his people . ”
Text of speech
Audio download ( Right - click on the link and select “ save link / target as ” –file is 24 megs and runs about an hour . )
To better understand this seeming about - face , and to get a bead on why many history books leave out or paper over the last three years of Dr. King ’s life , check out this article from Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting .
Biographical Resources
Multimedia , Speeches , Misc .
LONDON - A wealthy U.S. businessman with a passion for books about the Middle East was sentenced to two years in jail Friday for stealing pages from rare texts at two of Britain 's most venerable libraries .
Farhad Hakimzadeh sneaked a scalpel into the London 's British Library to surgically removed leaves from books , according to library staff .
He used the pilfered pages to replace lower - quality parts of his own copies of the works .
Judge Peter Ader at London 's Wood Green Crown Court said Hakimzadeh , the director of an Iranian cultural organization and a published author , must have known the damage he was causing .
" You have a deep love of books , perhaps so deep that it goes to excess , " Ader said .
" I have no doubt that you were stealing in order to enhance your library and your collection . "
Hakimzadeh targeted books at the British Library and Oxford 's Bodleian Library that dealt with Europe 's interaction with the Middle East .
Investigators tracing his activities found damage to some 150 books dating as far back as the 16th century .
A map alone taken from one of the books was worth 30,000 pounds ( US $ 44,000 ) .
Police said Hakimzadeh 's incisions were so precise that only an expert would notice the missing pages , many of which were found tucked into the extensive library in his London home .
Kristian Jensen , the head of the library 's British and Early Printed Collections , said Hakimzadeh violated the trust the institution had placed in him .
" These thefts have struck at the very heart of the British Library 's historic collections making their loss and the vandalism that accompanied their theft especially harmful , " Jensen said .
Police said many of the pages he stole may be lost forever .
The 60 - year - old had admitted to 14 counts of theft in May .
Members of his family wept in the public gallery as the sentence was passed Friday , while he nodded his head slowly .
Sender : usenet@darkstar.ucsc.edu
The implementers of Plan 9 are baffled by Andy Tanenbaum 's recent posting .
We suspect we are not representative of the mainline view , but we disagree at some level with most of the " GENERALLY ACCEPTED " truths
Andy claims .
Point by point : - The client - server paradigm is a good one Too vague to be a statement .
" Good " is undefined .
- Microkernels are the way to go False unless your only goal is to get papers published .
Plan 9's kernel is a fraction of the size of any microkernel we know and offers more functionality and comparable or often better performance .
- UNIX can be successfully run as an application program ` Run ' perhaps , `successfully ' no .
Name a product that succeeds by running UNIX as an application .
- RPC is a good idea to base your system on Depends on what you mean by RPC .
If you predefine the complete set of RPC 's , then yes .
If you make RPC a paradigm and expect every application to build its own ( c.f. stub compilers ) , you lose all the discipline you need to make the system comprehensive .
- Atomic group communication ( broadcast ) is highly useful Perhaps .
We 've never used it or felt the need for it .
- Caching at the file server is definitely worth doing True , but caching anywhere is worthwhile .
This statement is like saying ' good algorithms are worth using . ' -
File server replication is an idea whose time has come Perhaps .
Simple hardware solutions like disk mirroring solve a lot of the reliability problems much more easily .
Also , at least in a stable world , keeping your file server up is a better way to solve the problem .
- Message passing is too primitive for application programmers to use False .
- Synchronous ( blocking ) communication is easier to use than asynchronous
They solve different problems .
It 's pointless to make the distinction based on ease of use .
Make the distinction based on which you need .
-
New languages are needed for writing distributed / parallel applications ` Needed ' , no .
` Helpful ' , perhaps .
The jury 's still out .
- Distributed shared memory in one form or another is a convenient model Convenient for whom ?
This one baffles us : distributed shared memory is a lousy model for building systems , yet everyone seems to be doing it .
( Try to find a PhD this year on a different topic . )
How about the " CONTROVERSIAL " points ?
We should weigh in there , too : - Client caching is a good idea in a system where there are many more nodes than users , and users do not have a " home " machine ( e.g. , hypercubes )
What ?
- Atomic transactions are worth the overhead Worth the overhead to whom ?
- Causal ordering for group communication is good enough
We do n't use group communication , so we do n't know .
-
Threads should be managed by the kernel , not in user space Better : have a decent process model and avoid this process / thread dichotomy .
Rob Pike Dave Presotto Ken Thompson Phil Winterbottom
strangest thing I have seen in a while ...
Sony 's using CES to update its iPod / iPhone - compatible stereos -- it 's releasing the iPod / iPhone - friendly CMT - LX20i micro shelf system and MHC - EC99i mini boombox ( pictured above ) .
Not a whole lot left to say other than they also play CDs and rattle windows , respectively .
For pricing and release details -- including a word or two on the new Muteki systems -- hit up the read link .
By , Shah Gilani
Contributing Editor
Money Morning
Underlying the credit crisis gripping the U.S. and world economies is a crisis of confidence .
Blame has been laid at the feet of the U.S. Federal Reserve , and an investment bankers ’ brew of toxic financial products .
Ultimately , however , it was the supposedly trustworthy rating agencies that got everyone to drink the poisoned Kool - Aid .
The sheer fraud and greed of rating agency analysts and executives is staggering .
That no one has gone to jail , and none of the agencies have been shut down is a travesty of justice on an infinitely larger scale than Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme .
Until depositors , bankers and investors regain confidence in the quality of ratings we rely upon to measure financial stability and creditworthiness , the tremors that underlie the credit crisis will drag on indefinitely .
Letter and number ratings – such as AAA , Aa1 , BBB and Caa1 – are financial shorthand for the due diligence supposedly done by rating agencies after they ’ve examined an issuer or a security ’s financial structure , and evaluated the likelihood of its being able to pay interest and principal at maturity .
Investors rely on the objectivity and fiduciary responsibility of the rating agencies to publish fair , accurate and uncompromised assessments .
By law , certain investors must rely on the ratings of a handful of Securities and Exchange Commission designated “ Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations ” ( NRSROs ) .
For example , most state insurance regulators require that only assets rated in the top four ratings categories by NRSROs are eligible investments .
Similarly , money market funds can only invest in securities with the highest NRSRO ratings .
In fact , innumerable institutions – public and private , and domestic and international – mandate asset quality levels predicated on the major rating agencies ’ due diligence .
Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services , Moody ’s Investors Service ( MCO ) and Fitch Ratings Inc. are all SEC - designated NRSROs .
They are the largest , best - known and most - profitable ratings firms in the tiny , $ 5 billion - a - year universe of ratings firms .
S&P is a part of The McGraw - Hill Cos. Inc. ( MHP ) , while Fitch is a subsidiary of France ’s Fimalac SA .
Moody ’s was spun out of financial publisher Dun & Bradstreet Corp. ( DNB ) as a public company in 2000 .
Warren Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. ( BRK.A , BRK.B ) , apparently having spotted a diamond in the rough , bought into D&B before the divestiture , and ended up with a hefty 19 % stake in Moody ’s after the spin - off was completed .
The problem with the business of rating the issuers of securities , and rating the securities they issue – such as mortgage - backed securities and collateralized mortgage - backed obligations – is that the rating agencies are paid by the issuers to rate them .
Objectivity aside , ratings firms are in business not to rate but to make money for themselves by rating issuers and their securities .
It ’s like all the contestants in the Miss World pageant paying the judges with country funds … who ’s not going to be judged beautiful ?
What was even more problematic in the scheme of the ratings business model was that analysts did n’t understand how to analyze and rate the very complex cash flow structures of these new collateralized mortgage - backed securities .
Not wanting to lose business to their competitors , who were all in the same boat , they used the same rating model structures that they used to rate corporate bonds , though the two different securities had nothing in common .
It was like asking your local car mechanic to certify your Citation V jet – just before you take off for a transatlantic flight to London .
God help you if there ’s a problem .
And there were problems .
Lots of them .
According to a Feb. 15 “ Review & Outlook ” piece in The Wall Street Journal , Joseph Mason , professor of finance at Drexel University , studied collateralized debt obligations rated “ Baa ” by Moody ’s and determined that they were 10 times more likely to default than equivalently rated corporate bonds .
The article went on to say that an S&P spokesperson , when asked if they actually examined the underlying mortgages in the pools , answered : “ We are not auditors ; we are not accounting firms . ”
While S&P – and to a lesser degree , Fitch – were just playing the game , Moody ’s actually ran away with the ball .
An eye - popping and brilliant April 11 Journal article by Aaron Lucchetti exposed the unseemly underbelly of Moody ’s greed .
What stood out the most in the article was Moody ’s willingness – under the direction of Brian Clarkson , who joined the firm in 1991 and became president and chief operating officer – to bend over backwards to accommodate issuers of mortgage - backed and structured finance paper .
Clarkson was willing to switch analysts if clients complained , which several did , including Credit Suisse Group AG ( ADR : CS ) , UBS AG ( UBS ) , and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ( GS ) .
Under Clarkson , Moody ’s expanded and grabbed a huge piece of the deal - ratings - market pie .
By 2006 , the company was rating $ 9 out of every $ 10 raised in mortgage securities .
For all of that year , the firm ’s structured finance group generated more than $ 881 million in revenue , about 43 % of Moody ’s revenue .
And in 2007 it was estimated that the firm rated 94 % of the approximately $ 190 billion in mortgage and structured - finance CDOs floated during the year .
But there was some concern , including some from insiders .
Former Moody ’s analyst Mark Froeba told The Journal that “ there was never an explicit directive to subordinate rating quality to market share .
There was , rather , a palpable erosion of institutional support for rating analysis that threatened market share . ”
In the same article , former Moody ’s executive Paul Stevenson was quoted as saying that “ the most recent problem is that the rating process became a negotiation . ”
Clarkson , the Moody ’s president and COO , did n’t do too badly negotiating his compensation , either .
In 2006 he made $ 3.8 million , while the firm ’s chief executive officer , Raymond McDaniel , made $ 8.2 million .
Clarkson “ retired ” under pressure this past May and McDaniel , the CEO , added the title of president to his mantle .
Eventually , the always - late - to - the - dance SEC awoke to the realization that it was supposed to be watching the watchers – the ratings agencies .
While hundreds of billions of dollars around the world was invested in Wall Street ’s pay - to - play version of Illinois gubernatorial politics , many heartbroken and flat - out - broke investors discovered that what the rating agencies had determined to be “ AAA ” rated securities were not the princely investment - grade securities those three letters said they were , but were toxic Amazon frogs instead .
Of course , that calls for an investigation .
And so it was .
A 10 - month “ examination ” by the SEC , concluded in July , uncovered , believe it or not , “ poor disclosure practices and procedures guiding the analysis of mortgage - related debt and insufficient attention paid to managing conflicts of interest . ”
Brilliant !
According to the report , which included as exhibits several e-mail exchanges between analysts at unnamed ratings firms , there was an obvious degree of knowledge and complicity in playing the ratings game .
In one exchange , an analyst said that their ratings model did n’t capture “ half ” of the deal ’s risk but that “ it could be structured by cows and we would rate it . ”
And in another even more famous exchange dated Dec. 15 , 2006 , a manager wrote that the firms continued to create an “ even bigger monster – the CDO market .
Let ’s hope we are all wealthy and retired by the time this house of cards falters . ”
Have any heads rolled ?
No .
Have any fines been levied or any firms closed down ?
No .
The SEC apparently went back to sleep , having since been intermittently aroused by the failure of The Bear Stearns Cos. , the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. ( OTC : LEHMQ ) , the nationalization of American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) , and a few other minor nap - interrupting events , including the bailout of Citigroup Inc . ( C ) .
I ’m only sorry that the Commission ’s disjointed hibernation should once again be interrupted by the petty crime of a simple Ponzi scheme artist .
Well , maybe now they can finally get some rest .
For the sake of our future , someone please disband this band of sleeping fools .
Shortly after the July examination was made public , in an acknowledgement that it might be under unwarranted attack , S&P announced that it was considering ways to take volatility and stability into account in its ratings .
But , in a simultaneous burst of clarity , S&P suggested that it feared that a more disciplined and functional ratings model would make it harder for issuers to raise capital .
Only days later , in fact , S&P went on the offensive , calling SEC proposals to boost disclosure and mitigate internal conflicts of interest too costly for the ratings businesses .
Among the proposals that were pushed back was one to require a separate ratings structure and ranking system for structured products .
Fast - forward to Dec. 3 , and the unveiling of the SEC ’s latest proposed rules changes .
While the toothless wonder folded up like a pup tent once again on all substantive changes that would have created a more transparent and honest playing field , it did manage to sneak in some suggestions , including those that said :
The rating agencies ca n’t rate debt they help structure .
Analysts can’t participate in fee negotiations .
Analysts ca n’t be given gifts worth more than $ 25 .
Analysts must disclose a random 10 % sampling of their ratings within six months .
The ratings agencies must maintain a history of complaints against analysts .
And that the agencies must record when an analyst ’s rating for structured debt differs from a quantitative model .
Calling these proposed rules changes baby steps is like calling the Grand Canyon a ditch .
Because Wall Street did n’t like the idea , what got dropped from the proposed changes were rules to create different structures for rating different products .
And the most egregious of the dropped rules was a proposal that ratings firms make public all underlying information they use in making their ratings .
Which is exactly the transparency needed .
There is an overwhelming heaviness to the credit crisis that bears on our economic future .
It is the inordinate weight of established , self - serving power brokers driving dump trucks full of ill - gotten gains over any clarion call for transparency .
The underlying currency of capital markets must be clearly and objectively rated instruments , whose value is determined by free markets .
Until confidence is restored in the producers , products and the purveyors of financial services , thirsty investors are unlikely to partake of any new punch .
[ Editor ’s Note : Uncertainty will continue to be the watchword for at least the first part of the New Year .
Little wonder , as the global financial crisis continues to whipsaw the U.S. financial markets in a manner that has n’t been seen since the Great Depression .
It ’s almost enough to make you surrender .
But what if you knew , ahead of time , what marketplace changes to expect ?
Then you ’d be in the driver ’s seat – right ?
You ’d know what to anticipate , could craft a profit strategy to follow , and could then just sit back , watching and waiting – and finally profiting from – the very marketplace events you anticipated .
R. Shah Gilani – a retired hedge fund manager and a nationally known expert on the U.S. credit crisis – has predicted five key financial crisis “ aftershocks ” that he says will create substantial profit opportunities for investors who know just what these aftershocks are , and how to play them .
In the Trigger Event Strategist , trigger events , ” as gateways to massive profits .
To find out all about these five financial - crisis aftershocks , and about the trigger - event profit strategy they feed into , check out our latest report . ]
News and Related Story Links :
Money Morning Market Commentary
How to Avoid Madoff Mayhem .
Money Morning News Analysis :
Federal Government Grants AIG a New Bailout Package .
Wikipedia :
Collateralized Mortgage Obligation .
Jets.com :
Citation V Business Jet .
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 17,011
Dream Points : 57,562
Experience Points : 17,610
Joined : 15 - April 07
Member No. : 15,677
Joined : 15 - April 07 Member No. : 15,677
So , you 've added Adsense to your site and you are getting a few clicks .
You could be thinking to yourself , how do I get a massive amount of visitors to bump up my earnings ?
If you 're anything like me , you hear those stories about webmasters that have added Adsense and are already earning five figure incomes per month , and you start to see the dollar signs .
So you start brainstorming .
You come up with a few ideas : email marketing , ebooks , trial software , etc .
The thirst for Adsense dollars ( and maybe a few affiliate dollars ) is your main drive .
Pushing massive amounts of traffic through your site can give you quite a thrill ride .
Then along comes the well known email that markets the traffic exchanges .
If you are n't familiar with traffic exchanges , it 's really very simple .
You see , you sign up for their service ( which often times is free ) and your website is put in a list .
The way the free traffic works is that you surf the web using their browser , browsing sites that are in their directory ( or list ) and every 30 seconds you can refresh to a new site .
As you continue to do this , it builds up credits for your account that you use for other people who are using their browser to see your site .
It 's a cyclical service .
You see their site , they see yours .
And since you can have as many browsers going ( among the many traffic exchanges ) as your computer can handle , you can theoretically build up a large quantity of hits on your site in a relatively small period of time .
It seems like a great thing , and for many it fills a very necessary niche , so I can't say that the traffic exchanges are a bad service .
I would use them in anything else that I am doing .
I would , however , make a very big distinction .
First , I know and respect the techs at Google and I know that when they make a new program for their visitors and webmasters to use , they make it for the benefit of everyone .
That is the case with their Adwords and Adsense programs , both targeted to helping webmasters make money through advertising ( albeit the opposite ends of the scale ) .
So when I put an ad on my website , I know that I am offering a service to the advertiser ( through Google ) to reach their target market .
And ethically , I should only be paid when I provide that service ( someone clicks through that ad to their site ) .
There are extreme ethical problems if you were to use traffic exchanges with the Adsense program to try and cheat the advertiser out of his hard earned dollars .
Plus , if you have n't figured out by now , Google knows what you are doing .
They have specific ways of knowing what a legitimate impression is , versus what is a hit generated by a traffic exchange .
Your numbers quickly dwindle if you use a hit exchange and you run the risk of being kicked off the program .
Plus , often times you have to go through two websites wasting a full minute of your time before you get one hit directed to your website .
Building up over time , eventually it all adds up .
Take , for instance , the " surf contests " .
This is where they tell you who has racked up the most surfing in the week .
These numbers are huge ... up to 10,000 page loads .
When you add it up , that 's over 84 hours of one week that is taken up trying to earn an extra 1,000 hits on your site .
Not very worth it to me .
The best way to use the Adsense program is with a website that you have that is established and has a constant stream of visitors going through it .
That 's the goal of the program , make money off of an existing site and its content .
--------------------
Forex Trend Scanner !
Free Money ! -
Do not click !
He told the Sydney Daily Telegraph : " The reality is losing her arm has made it much more difficult to catch waves but she has learned how to overcome that and is now up there with the best .
She has found a way around it .
There 's always that first , tentative outing to the porch , People .
Your first trip outside , I bet you were crying like a baby .
It 's going to be OK Ellie R. Deep brefs .
Three Canadian adventurers said Friday they have set a record for the fastest trek across Antarctica to the South Pole , after suffering through whiteout conditions , temperatures as low as 40 below — and a steady diet of deep - fried bacon and butter .
Canadian adventurers ( from left ) Ray Zahab , Kevin Vallely and Richard Weber are pictured at the South Pole on Thursday .
( ( South Pole Quest / Associated Press ) )
Ray Zahab said he and his teammates completed the 1,130 - kilometre journey from Hercules Inlet on Antarctica 's Ronne Ice Shelf to the South Pole in 33 days , 23 hours and 30 minutes , finally arriving Thursday .
" If you took a cloud , wrapped it around your head and then duct - taped it , that 's what a whiteout is like , " a weary yet animated Zahab , 39 , of Chelsea , Que. , said by satellite phone from Antarctica .
" It was exhausting . "
Zahab is best known for his epic 6,920 - kilometre run across the Sahara Desert in 2007 , which was the subject of a documentary narrated by actor Matt Damon entitled Running the Sahara .
Tom Sjogren , founder of ExplorersWeb.com , a New York - based website that compiles statistics on adventurers ' feats , said the men beat the record of 39 days , seven hours and 49 minutes set by American Todd Carmichael just last month .
" They have definitely broken the record , " said Sjogren , who uses a variety of materials , including photographs of explorers ' GPS co-ordinates and their logs , to help verify records .
Zahab and his teammates — Kevin Vallely of North Vancouver and Richard Weber of Alcove , Que. — documented their journey on their website , using their satellite phone to post photos and podcasts along the way .
They pulled 77 - kilogram sleds of equipment , with Zahab travelling on foot and on snowshoes while the other two men skied .
At night , they hunkered down in a tent to sleep .
The men suffered altitude sickness , vertigo and massive , painful blisters .
They kept themselves fuelled with a 7,000 - calorie - a - day diet of deep - fried bacon , cheese and huge chunks of butter .
" I am dying for pizza , " Zahab said with a sigh Friday .
" All I 've been thinking about is pizza . "
He was longing , too , for his six - month - old daughter , Mia Sahara , and wife of two years , Kathy .
" All I would do is think about them and think about how I would spend the day with them and how I would never complain about changing a diaper again , " he said .
Once again , Deadeye , was kind enough to again provide me with his account of the events happening currently in Greece .
It seems though second rounds of demonstrations and street fighting between the police and demonstrators have erupted , sporadically in diferent areas , but the Greeks themselves are changing their aims .
We ’ve almost had another execution in Athens .
A group of pupils were discussing about the upcoming demonstration , in the 18th of December , outside their school in the district of Peristeri .
Someone fired two shots , wounding a 17 year old .
Fortunately , he was shot at his arm and now he ’s recuperating .
Police came to investigate the crime scene 14 hours later , while they insisted that the shooter fired with an airgun .
The projectile that was extracted from the kid ’s arm proved it was actually a 38 caliber pistol , arousing suspicions about the initial false claims made by the police .
We ’ve had several squats , occupations and take overs .
The major labour union , widely known for being a sell - out , was taken over by anarchists and invites workers to participate in free councils through which workers will coordinate their forces with the general outbreak .
More radio and TV stations are being occupied for a few minutes to broadcast news , straight from the street .
Reporters are intensively trying to bring back the “ Christmas spirit ” and discourage further political action .
Three main Athenian universities have been occupied that act as the movement ’s headquarters , where massive discussions take place and issue brochures and newspapers .
The Polytechnic school , the Law school and the Economic Studies school .
The government never had any control over the students in universities , for several reasons .
First and foremost , universities are considered asylums .
No policemen , soldiers or any kind of weaponry is allowed inside .
However , the last 3 years they try to pass an educational law through which , students ’ rights will be significantly decreased and occupations like these will be severely weakened .
In other cities , more occupations take place that act similarly , as local headquarters in which future political action is talked through and defined .
Universities , city halls and various public buildings .
Almost all universities and most schools have been shutted [ sic ] down by their students .
Demonstrations are being constantly programmed .
The above was part 1 .
Deadeye provides updates as to the latest happenings in Athens and the take - overs of the union , TV stations and city halls .
He also responded to queries regarding the nature of the Greek university ’s and how the Greek government has virtually ceded all control to the student protestors , while discussing the future ,
Its not just Greek anarchists that are involved in this .
There ’s a strong left movement in Greece that is participating in a very militant fashion these days .
However , the smashing and burning is more or less over .
Banks , surveilance cameras , cop stations and mega-stores have received their message for the time being .
The street fighting continues sporadically but only for defensive purposes .
I ’d say we ’re mostly focusing on the info - war that has been waged lately by the media and we ’re trying to provide our version of the facts .
Our demands , for now , are limited in law - enforcement , educational and labour issues .
Abolition of riot police , disarmament of police officers , abolition of the latest educational and labour laws that weaken worker and student syndicalism and self organization .
We intend to literally paralyze the state , in a financial and functional level , with constant strikes and demonstrations .
In regards to further questioning about the attacks on reporters by protesters , Deadeye had said ,
Concerning the article , I ’m not aware of some certain incident in which a journalist has been victimized , so I cant name or count them , but its common knowledge that reporters are traditionally greeted with aggressiveness by leftists and anarchists , as they systematically undermine our struggle and openly lie , so its quite possible that the story is true .
Let me remind you how they took sides from day one , adopting the cop ’s story until eye witnesses stepped up .
A TV channel went far enough to edit the video taken from the balcony , depicting the murder .
They removed the sound and added their own with sounds of smashing and shouting , in order to back the cop up and his claims of 30 anarchists attacking him .
And if I may take the very dangerous liberty of adding further information here , any reader who has been following these events for its duration would have heard reports from earlier on that Journalists had also been met with hostility by police .
While the article speaks solely about the Anarchists attacking journalists , it leaves out events such as the following ,
…riot cops attacked at Korai Str in Athens , arresting at least four students .
One of the arrestees was a 13 year old girl ; nearby journalists who reacted to her brutal arrest were also beaten up heavily .
It would be more accurate , in fact , to state simply that journalists are met with hostility in general based on their profession and how previous journalists have covered the same events .
The curious thing is that reports of police brutality against journalists occurred early on in the demonstrations when the media had sided with the Anarchists due to mass public outrage at what was essentially an execution .
Later , however , the reporters have returned to siding with police and no doubt their reports have been less than accurate regarding the “ self - described ” Anarchists , explaining the hostility against journalists from both sides of the conflict at one time or another .
In fact , Deadeye finishes this post with a departing piece of wisdom ;
Where a cop ’s nightstick can’t reach , a reporter ’s lie can .
And how true it is .
The events unfolding are going to come down to spin .
Who can spin it better and faster .
Obviously , the government and the police have the advantage of a massive media organisation that is sympathetic to it .
These media outlets are then connect to others the world over who have a tendency to merely copy the article / report , repackage it and distribute .
This means that any error or lie wo n’t just be repeated among a small area where people may see it for what it is , but it will be repeated the world over and millions of people will take it for gospel .
I have met many even now who take the Greek Anarchists to be thugs and even murderers .
But let us move on .
In the following article on the Australian website , we get valuable pieces of information as well as examples of propaganda ,
Police also clashed with protesters after a separate demonstration against racism that was attended by about 200 people in Syntagma Square .
“ Migrants are killed , schoolchildren are killed , ” said banners carried by the protesters who marched to the Greek parliament .
Protesters threw garbage at police who ringed a Christmas tree on the main square .
This piece is interesting in that it implies that police are targetting all demonstrations and it ’s curious that this particular demonstration was anti-racism .
Though the article does n’t say , and I would n’t expect it to , I wonder if anyone belonging to the Golden Dawn organisation was present .
Then there are these two events that carries a certain Robin Hood feel ,
Masked men broke into the building housing the offices of Tiresias SA , a company that keeps records of delinquent debtors and cardholders , and firebombed the company ’s offices .
The fire was extinguished but the company ’s offices were destroyed , witnesses said .
In Nea Philadelfia , a western suburb of Athens , demonstrators threw Molotov cocktails at the police academy and torched six police vehicles parked nearby , without causing any casualties , police said .
But , as always , whenever something that could be construed as “ positive ” about the demonstrators is mentioned , it has to be matched with something negative , chiefly , the following ,
In Thessaloniki , anarchists occupied a cinema in the city ’s main square and threw cakes andsweets [ sic ] at Mayor Vassilis Papageorgopoulos and one of hisdeputies .[ sic ]
The mayor was attending an open - air Christmas event near the theatre , distributing the sweets to children with sickle - cell anaemia when the rioters disrupted the event .
Protesters emerged from the theatre and attacked a nativity scene , throwing away the Christ figure .
Now this is an interesting one .
If it did indeed happen as depicted in the article , which is rare , than the Anarchists are just downright evil , or so we ’re inclined to believe due to the article ’s stance .
How could they prevent candy from being given by the generous mayor to sick little children ?
This is just too “ good ” to be entirely accurate and strikes as a possibley brilliant example of propaganda .
Now , working on the assumption that the article is accurate , it is possible to understand why the Chistmas event was attacked .
It ’s another repeat of the over - commercialised Christmas line and has become a symbol of consumerism .
The particular note of a Jesus figure being thrown away is merely a result of a small atheist rebellion in a country renowned for its strict orthodox faith .
Whether it ’s right or wrong , I ’ll leave it up to the reader to debate , as I personally do n’t particularly agree with this choice in target .
That being said , however , in the scale of things the Anarchists have n’t taken a life and as far as mistakes go , this is a relatively small one that handed an easy victory to the Greek government in the PR war that is being raged .
It just does n't get ANY better than BOTH a sunbeam and a box .
Wait , if the dog was serving him Pounce treats on a tray , that might be better .
Or milk droplets via hamster bottle , or scheduled ear scratchingks every 15 minutes ?
THAT might be better too .
James F. I wo n't report you to boxhab authoritays this time .
Condoleezza Rice , the US Secretary of State , was forced to step back from voting in favour of the Gaza ceasefire resolution at the UN Security Council after orders from Washington , diplomatic sources said yesterday .
The US abstention on the resolution vote early yesterday , which clearly weakened its impact , was the final twist in a tumultuous three - day marathon of negotiations in New York .
When three of the world 's top diplomats -- Ms Rice , David Miliband , Britain 's foreign secretary , and his French counterpart , Bernard Kouchner -- descended on New York on Tuesday to take action there was plenty of reason to believe that their efforts would end in tears .
Most alarming was the prospect of a vote on a ceasefire text tabled by Libya .
The US was threatening to veto it .
But by Thursday morning , the US had had a surprising change of heart .
It could back a resolution , if the British drafted one , which Mr Miliband and his diplomatic crew duly did .
When finally every last hurdle was cleared and the members of the Security Council were headed to their chamber for the vote , there was a mood of celebration in the building .
But before the vote was due , word began to circulate that America was not going to vote in favour after all .
The change of heart came about with a phone call from George Bush to Ms Rice in which he said do n't veto the resolution but do n't vote for it either .
( © Independent News Service )
Hough drew inspiration from the board - track racers that sped around steeply banked wood tracks called motordromes — especially the 1911 Harley Davidson " Silent Grey Fellow " and the leaf - sprung Indian motorcycles of that era .
The Houghmade bike 's gas tank copies the tank found on the 1919 Excelsior OHC that some consider the most advanced motorcycle of its day .
Photo : James Hough
Thousands of commuters and long - distance travellers suffered delays Rail passengers have suffered a sixth successive day of disruption on a major line after a power cable collapse halted all services to London Euston .
Every train in and out of the station was suspended after cables struck a train on Tuesday .
All routes remain affected , but limited services have now resumed .
It was the fourth incident in a week to disrupt the West Coast Main Line , which has led to 70 % of all Virgin services running late since new year .
Lines have now reopened , but both Virgin and London Midland are currently running reduced services .
I heard a bang above my head and the carriage shook - there was a bright flash and I just screamed
Samantha Broome , rail traveller A spokesman for Virgin Trains said the company hoped to run at least four services an hour on Wednesday afternoon from Euston to Manchester , Liverpool , the West Midlands and Glasgow .
A Network Rail spokesman said a string of problems on the West Coast Main Line in recent days were being investigated .
He said they appeared to have been unrelated and were due to " unfortunate coincidences " .
The latest affected stretch of line was between North Wembley and Kings Langley , Hertfordshire , following the incident at Kenton on Tuesday evening .
Arthur Leathley , director of communications for Virgin Trains , said : " Clearly we 'd like this to be resolved , it 's hugely frustrating for our customers and indeed for ourselves , we want a full service running as quickly as possible .
" We recognise that things do happen , it 's a very busy railway , but to have a number of high profile , highly disruptive incidents such as this in the last few days does suggest there is something wider going on . "
MAP OF AFFECTED ROUTES
Latest National Rail map of route disruption [ 168KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The train firm told BBC transport correspondent Tom Symonds that problems on the west coast line meant 70 % of trains had been running late since the start of the new year .
Samantha Broome , 22 , of Far Forest , Worcestershire , was on the 2023 GMT train from Euston hit by the cables .
She said : " I heard a bang above my head and the carriage shook .
There was a bright flash and I just screamed .
" We sat on the train for over two - and - a - half hours , guards were running up and down trying to work out what had happened .
We were given survival blankets because it was cold . "
Toby Corballis , 43 , from Highgate , north London , travelled to Manchester on business earlier .
He was forced to take a service from St Pancras to Sheffield and change there .
The software company chief executive criticised Virgin for not providing enough information at Euston .
Allan Gardner , of Sandwell , West Midlands , travels to and from Euston every weekday and said the recent delays had been " pretty bad " .
He cancelled his journey earlier .
The 58 - year - old business consultant , who pays £ 310 a week for season tickets , said : " I 'm trying to keep myself in a job .
I 've lost a day 's fees . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The latest power failure followed problems on Tuesday at Rugby , Warwickshire , and Bletchley , Buckinghamshire .
Before that travellers were disrupted on Sunday and Monday as engineers worked at Watford Junction to repair damaged power lines .
And on Friday and Saturday the line was closed after a fatal plane crash near the tracks in Staffordshire .
Liberal Democrat transport spokesman Norman Baker said : " Natural events do occur , but Network Rail needs to build more resilience into the network . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Friday , January 02 , 2009 Share Tweet
You must be thinking what I am writing on this post that What is size of hidden web but i have one reason for that also .
Last night i was surfing on some popular blogs and than read few forum threads too .
Many website owners as well as bloggers were asking same question why their websites and blogs are not indexing in google .
Their were many reasons like many of them do n't know about creating and submitting site maps because they started blogging on blogspot or other free blog software platforms .
Many of them do n't know what really keywords means and they are useful .
They are just typing post and post but no traffic is there .
Main Question is here -
What is size of hidden web .
Yes in todays life everyone has his own blog and their are so many blog posts which do n't get indexed or if they get indexed than where do they go .
You can search any keyword in google and see that their is so much compatition going on .
Everyone is fight for front page position ranking but when we cross 20 to 30 pages we start facing spam posts or ulrealted to our search terms .
So does that mean our search engines are also like Black wholes were if we cant get listed in top 30 to 40 ranking than we will be placed in black whole .
Just imagine how many blogs are their in web and how many blog posts are published daily .
Where do whole content goes and do anyone know What is size of hidden web ?
May be few experts can answer such questions easily but people like me those do n't have to much knowledge they will always ask that OH God What is size of hidden web world .
« two books I highly recommend | Main | and Play With Spider »
picture me
I recently set up one of those digital picture frames .
It is in my living room and it laying on its side in landscape format .
It is networked to the interweb , and I can see photos that are uploaded to a kodak account ...
i would like your photos for it .
I would most prefer snapshots of moments that mean something to you ... as if your life was my life .
i do n't need more pretty things , or snarky things , or clever things in my living room .
i want to see your pictures and wonder what is behind them ... and when people ask questions i will make up stories .
UPDATE : Thank you for your pics !
The account had a bit of difficulty with the volume of photos submitted , and some pimply teenager in Kansas changed the password a couple times , so I have had to restart .
Luckily I downloaded most of the pics to my frame last night - have over 300 or so photos to look at .
If you would like to upload some pics to my frame - email me and i will give you the login details to the account :: ze@zefrank.com
An Israeli soldier uses binoculars as he watches protesters at the Lebanese - Israeli border as seen from Kfar Kila village in south Lebanon January 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Karamallah Daher
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s chief military chaplain distributed a booklet to soldiers fighting in the Gaza conflict containing a rabbinical edict against showing mercy to enemies , an Israeli human rights group said Monday .
The group , Yesh Din , which says it is dedicated to defending human rights in territory occupied by Israel , called on Defence Minister Ehud Barak to dismiss the chief chaplain , Rabbi Avichai Rontzki , who holds the rank of brigadier general .
A booklet handed out by Rontzki during the offensive in the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip quotes an ultra-nationalist Israeli rabbi saying that showing mercy towards a “ cruel enemy ” was “ terribly immoral ” and advising soldiers they were fighting “ murderers . ”
Yesh Din said the rabbi’s message could have been interpreted by soldiers as a call to act outside the confines of the international laws of warfare .
International calls to investigate Israel over alleged war crimes during its 22 - day offensive against Gaza prompted Prime Minister Ehud Olmert Sunday to promise military personnel state protection from foreign prosecution .
Israel faced global criticism over its assaults in densely populated areas of Gaza , where medical officials put the Palestinian death toll at 1,300 , including some 700 civilians .
Ten Israeli soldiers and three civilians were killed during the campaign Israel launched with the declared aim of ending Hamas rocket attacks on its south .
Hamas clerics have often called for Israeli blood to be spilt .
The Islamist militant group carried out dozens of suicide bombings in Israel before and during a Palestinian uprising that erupted in 2000 .
An Israeli spokesman had no immediate comment on the booklet , written by Rabbi Shlomo Aviner , a main figure in the Jewish settler movement in the occupied West Bank .
A photo of its title page , appeared in Israel ’s left - leaning Haaretz newspaper Monday .
Hillary Duff is joining the newly starved celebrity crowd .
The few people not totally jaded by celeb diet gossip are talking about how she looks “ too thin , ” even “ scary . ”
One commenter at TeenSpot.com even says she looks “ like an extra from ‘ Dawn of the Dead . ’ ”
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Duff ’s in glamorous company .
Let ’s see , recently Boney Spice ( aka Victoria Beckham ) , Lindsay Lohan , Nicole Ritchie , Jessica Simpson , Courtenay Cox and a whole host of others have joined ( or rejoined ) the thin - to - the - point - of - concern list .
Yes , certainly , many women are naturally size 2 ( ok , not so many in the above list ) .
But what many teens call the “ pinners ” ( pin- thin ) constitute a second , worrisome category .
Pinners only get to size 2 , and stay there , by constant dieting .
And the recent weight loss dramas played out in celebrity land reflect – some would say reinforce – the trend .
Thin 411
Eating disorders are lousy publicity for celebs , whose flaks work overtime explaining away their sudden emaciation .
Lindsay Lohan had a “ bug ” .
The skeletal Victoria Beckham , the press release said , had merely returned to her pre-pregnancy weight – three weeks after giving birth .
High - profile teen celebs , meanwhile , are said to be dropping their “ puppy fat ” – see Lindsay , Jessica and Mary Kate .
But as one blogger put it “ you dropped all your baby fat in one month – nice try ! ”
Such weight loss actually has more to do with the fact that as teen stars , they enjoyed some protection when playing the roles of young girls , but “ as soon as they started playing post - pubescent women , they had to conform to the standard ideal ” according to Merryl Bear , Director of the National Eating Disorder Centre .
In celebrity world , the thinness fetish goes hand in hand with plastic surgery .
In season one of Nip / Tuck , a plastic surgeon takes a jiffy marker to a 26 - year - old model who says , “ I do n’t wanna look beautiful .
I wanna look perfect . ”
With circles around all of her “ flaws , ” she exclaims “ I look hideous , ” only to be comforted by the surgeon ’s wise words : when we stop striving for perfection , we might as well be dead .
Satisfied , she goes ahead .
Super undersize me
In the real world , that pursuit of thin - but - not - anorexic “ perfection ” can create a perfect pressure cooker for girls .
I spoke to a dozen women in Vancouver , aged 16 to 35 , from very different socio-economic backgrounds .
All said they ’ve noticed more of their friends are either thinner than even a few years ago , or at least , are “ obsessing ” more about their weight than usual .
Almost none have friends who are “ skeletal ” but many have friends who are “ very very thin , ” or pinner .
They say perfection used to mean fitting into a size 4 or 6 .
But now the “ perfect ” women are size 0 and 2 .
Of course , generally speaking , size 2 does n’t land you in the eating disorder ward .
In fact , according to Bear , the number of patients has been relatively constant both nationally and provincially .
And Stats Can puts only 2.8 percent of women aged 15 and above even “ at risk ” of an eating disorder ( even though they caution these numbers are unreliable as they ’re “ self - reported " ) .
But such stats may be missing girls whose eating seems " normal " but is actually obsessively out of whack .
Counting calories and carbs , being on highly restrictive " trendy " diets , having rituals around eating , never " feeling hungry , " not really liking food , worrying constantly about their weight - all of those are signs that young women 's eating is generally disordered , according to Bear .
As one woman ( a size eight ) told me , “ Anyone who counts the number of grams of carbs they eat is obsessive , whether they ’re skeletal or not . ”
And obsessive is at the core of disordered eating .
Trendy diets like Atkins , Zone and South Beach “ prescribe a particular way of structuring one ’s day and one ’s eating .
They give you a sense of efficacy , ” says Bear .
She argues that not only do these diets not work , they can easily become a coping mechanism for dealing with stress : a form of disordered eating .
Many women I spoke to said they equated thinness with health .
But Bear says weight loss is n’t about health .
“ Young people feel invincible and want to feel good and fit in and in our culture that means looking thin , successful , popular , in control and wealthy . ”
The Body Project
In her book The Body Project : An Intimate History of American Girls Jean Jacobs Brumberg , the Cornell University professor says that girls and young women today “ make the body into an all - consuming project in a way that young women of the past did not . ”
Brumberg points out that “ before World War One , girls rarely mentioned their bodies in terms of strategies for self improvement or struggles for identity . ”
Brumberg is n’t arguing times were better then , just that the emphasis was different , and the female “ ideal ” was n’t all about physical perfection as it is today .
The women I spoke to said that perfect thinness is about more than “ fitting in , ” it ’s about power and status .
After all , are n’t most fat people poor ?
Actually no .
Despite a common perception that obesity is higher among poorer people , Statistics Canada reports that most obese women are middle class .
And most obese men are well off .
And yet , Bear confirms that many women see dieting and staying rail thin as a way to signal that they are affluent .
In fact , the stigma around body weight can be oppressive .
Some women I spoke to said that even though BC has the lowest obesity rates in the country , there ’s still overwhelming prejudice and disgust for obesity .
But whatever the motivations , women who make themselves pinner still suffer from many of the same health concerns as serious eating disorder patients : depression , low energy , mood swings , and a sense of inadequacy brought about by the diet cycle .
Bear says that being slightly overweight actually is far healthier than either being very thin or being obese .
So Hillary Duff , good luck with your new perfect thinness .
Just remember , this new thinness has nothing to do with health .
It ’s about “ fitting in ” and about status – things you probably know lots about .
But more than anything , it ’s about perfection .
Obsess about food ( starve yourself if needed ) , and get thinner than most women – especially those darned obese ones .
But never get so thin that you look , for shame , anorexic .
Vanessa Richmond is the culture editor at The Tyee .
What ’s the Tyee word of the week ?
It ’s the word that defines a sub-culture .
Each week this summer , the Tyee explores contemporary BC .
Have an idea for a word ?
Send it to editor@thetyee.ca with the subject “ my word of the week . ”
A year ago , a group of CS theorists — including Eli Ben-Sasson , Andrej Bogdanov , Anupam Gupta , Bobby Kleinberg , Rocco Servedio , and your humble blogger , and fired up by the evangelism of Sanjeev Arora , Christos Papadimitriou , and Avi Wigderson — agreed to form a committee to improve Wikipedia ’s arguably - somewhat - sketchy coverage of theoretical computer science .
One year later , our committee of busy academics has done , to a first approximation , nothing .
In considering this state of affairs , I ’m reminded of the story of Wikipedia ’s founding .
Before Wikipedia there was Nupedia , where the articles had to be written by experts and peer - reviewed .
After three years , Nupedia had produced a grand total of 24 articles .
Then a tiny , experimental adjunct to Nupedia — a wiki - based peanut gallery where anyone could contribute — exploded into the flawed , chaotic , greatest encyclopedia in the history of the world that we all know today .
Personally , I ’ve never understood academics ( and there are many ) who sneer at Wikipedia .
I ’ve been both an awestruck admirer of it and a massive waster of time on it since shortly after it came out .
But I also accept the reality that Wikipedia is fundamentally an amateur achievement .
It will never be an ideal venue for academics — not only because we do n’t have the time , but because we ’re used to ( 1 ) putting our names on our stuff , ( 2 ) editorializing pretty freely , ( 3 ) using “ original research ” as a compliment and not an accusation , and ( 4 ) not having our prose rewritten or deleted by people calling themselves Duduyat , Raul654 , and Prokonsul Piotrus .
So this Thanksgiving weekend , at the suggestion of my student Andy Drucker , I ’m going to try an experiment in the spirit of Wikipedia .
I ’m going to post our wish - list of theoretical computer science topics , and invite you — my interested , knowledgeable readers — to write some articles about them .
( Of course you ’re welcome to add your own topics , not that you ’d need permission . )
Do n’t worry if you ’re not an expert ; even some stubs would be helpful .
Let us know in the comments section when you ’ve written something .
Thanks , and happy Thanksgiving !
Research areas not defined on Wikipedia
Property testing
Quantum computation ( though Quantum computer is defined )
Algorithmic game theory
Derandomization
Sketching algorithms
Propositional proof complexity ( though Proof complexity is defined )
Arithmetic circuit complexity
Discrete harmonic analysis
Streaming algorithms
Hardness of approximation
Research areas ill - defined on Wikipedia
Algorithmic mechanism design — extend beyond 4 sentences , and create link from Mechanism design article of Wikipedia
Circuit complexity
Online Algorithms
Basic terms not defined on Wikipedia
Sparsest cut
Metric embedding — also create link from Embedding article on Wikipedia
Price of anarchy
Combinatorial auction
Glauber dynamics
Locally testable code
Locally decodable code ( but the closely related Private information retrieval is defined )
Average case complexity
Worst case complexity
Polynomial identity testing
Unique games conjecture
Primal - dual approximation algorithm
Basic terms ill - defined on Wikipedia
Conductance ( probability ) — extend beyond 3 sentences
Probabilistically checkable proofs
Polynomial - time hierarchy
Algorithms for matrix multiplication
Max - flow min-cut
Zero knowledge proof
Model of computation
List - decoding
Well - known theoretical computer scientists without Wikipedia pages
No , I ’m not going to make that list … but you can .
Update ( 11/30 ) : A big shout - out and thank - you to those theorists , such as David Eppstein , who ’ve actually been contributing to Wikipedia and not just theorizing about it !
Now , a pair of Scripps Research Institute scientists has taken a significant step toward answering that question .
The scientists have synthesized for the first time RNA enzymes that can replicate themselves without the help of any proteins or other cellular components , and the process proceeds indefinitely .
The work was published on Thursday , January 8 , 2008 , in Science Express , the advanced , online edition of the journal Science .
In the modern world , DNA carries the genetic sequence for advanced organisms , while RNA is dependent on DNA for performing its roles such as building proteins .
But one prominent theory about the origins of life , called the RNA World model , postulates that because RNA can function as both a gene and an enzyme , RNA might have come before DNA and protein and acted as the ancestral molecule of life .
However , the process of copying a genetic molecule , which is considered a basic qualification for life , appears to be exceedingly complex , involving many proteins and other cellular components .
For years , researchers have wondered whether there might be some simpler way to copy RNA , brought about by the RNA itself .
Some tentative steps along this road had previously been taken by the Joyce lab and others , but no one could demonstrate that RNA replication could be self - propagating , that is , result in new copies of RNA that also could copy themselves .
In Vitro Evolution
A few years after Tracey Lincoln arrived at Scripps Research from Jamaica to pursue her Ph.D. , she began exploring the RNA - only replication concept along with her advisor , Professor Gerald Joyce , M.D. , Ph.D. , who is also Dean of the Faculty at Scripps Research .
Their work began with a method of forced adaptation known as in vitro evolution .
The goal was to take one of the RNA enzymes already developed in the lab that could perform the basic chemistry of replication , and improve it to the point that it could drive efficient , perpetual self - replication .
Lincoln synthesized in the laboratory a large population of variants of the RNA enzyme that would be challenged to do the job , and carried out a test - tube evolution procedure to obtain those variants that were most adept at joining together pieces of RNA .
Ultimately , this process enabled the team to isolate an evolved version of the original enzyme that is a very efficient replicator , something that many research groups , including Joyce 's , had struggled for years to obtain .
The improved enzyme fulfilled the primary goal of being able to undergo perpetual replication .
" It kind of blew me away , " says Lincoln .
Immortalizing Molecular Information
The replicating system actually involves two enzymes , each composed of two subunits and each functioning as a catalyst that assembles the other .
The replication process is cyclic , in that the first enzyme binds the two subunits that comprise the second enzyme and joins them to make a new copy of the second enzyme ; while the second enzyme similarly binds and joins the two subunits that comprise the first enzyme .
In this way the two enzymes assemble each other - what is termed cross-replication .
To make the process proceed indefinitely requires only a small starting amount of the two enzymes and a steady supply of the subunits .
" This is the only case outside biology where molecular information has been immortalized , " says Joyce .
Not content to stop there , the researchers generated a variety of enzyme pairs with similar capabilities .
They mixed 12 different cross-replicating pairs , together with all of their constituent subunits , and allowed them to compete in a molecular test of survival of the fittest .
Most of the time the replicating enzymes would breed true , but on occasion an enzyme would make a mistake by binding one of the subunits from one of the other replicating enzymes .
When such " mutations " occurred , the resulting recombinant enzymes also were capable of sustained replication , with the most fit replicators growing in number to dominate the mixture .
" To me that 's actually the biggest result , " says Joyce .
The research shows that the system can sustain molecular information , a form of heritability , and give rise to variations of itself in a way akin to Darwinian evolution .
So , says Lincoln , " What we have is non-living , but we 've been able to show that it has some life - like properties , and that was extremely interesting . "
Knocking on the Door of Life
The group is pursuing potential applications of their discovery in the field of molecular diagnostics , but that work is tied to a research paper currently in review , so the researchers can't yet discuss it .
But the main value of the work , according to Joyce , is at the basic research level .
" What we 've found could be relevant to how life begins , at that key moment when Darwinian evolution starts . "
He is quick to point out that , while the self - replicating RNA enzyme systems share certain characteristics of life , they are not themselves a form of life .
The historical origin of life can never be recreated precisely , so without a reliable time machine , one must instead address the related question of whether life could ever be created in a laboratory .
This could , of course , shed light on what the beginning of life might have looked like , at least in outline .
" We 're not trying to play back the tape , " says Lincoln of their work , " but it might tell us how you go about starting the process of understanding the emergence of life in the lab . "
Joyce says that only when a system is developed in the lab that has the capability of evolving novel functions on its own can it be properly called life .
" We 're knocking on that door , " he says , " But of course we have n't achieved that . "
The subunits in the enzymes the team constructed each contain many nucleotides , so they are relatively complex and not something that would have been found floating in the primordial ooze .
But , while the building blocks likely would have been simpler , the work does finally show that a simpler form of RNA - based life is at least possible , which should drive further research to explore the RNA World theory of life 's origins .
The paper is titled " Self - sustained Replication of an RNA Enzyme , " and the work was supported by NASA and the National Institutes of Health , and the Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology .
Everyone knows about Charles Darwin and his theory of natural selection , but did you know that he once ate an owl , just for kicks ?
Or that he almost did n't make it aboard HMS Beagle because of the shape of his nose ?
Behold Neatorama's 10 Fun Facts About Charles Darwin :
1. Darwin Once Ate an Owl
Darwin was an inquisitive man .
Sure he was curious about nature and all that science stuff , but he 's also a guy .
So when he saw strange animals , he often wondered what they would taste like .
The difference between Darwin and the rest of us is that he actually ate 'em !
While he was at Cambridge University , Darwin joined the " Gourmet Club , " which met once a week to eat animals not often found in menus , like hawk and bittern ( a type of wading bird in the heron family ) .
His zeal for weird food , however , broke down when he tried an old brown owl , which he found " indescribable . "
But that one episode did n't end Darwin 's weird gastronomic proclivities .
During the voyage of the Beagle , he ate armadillos and agoutis ( the rodents were " best meat I ever tasted , " he said ) .
In Patagonia , South America , Darwin ate a puma ( it tasted like veal ) and an ostrich - like bird called a Rhea .
Actually , Darwin had been looking for this particular species of Rhea , only to find that he had been eating one all along .
He sent back the uneaten parts to the Zoological Society in London , which named the bird Rhea darwinii after him !
In the Galapagos , Darwin ate iguanas and giant tortoises .
He liked it so much he loaded up 48 of them aboard the Beagle , to be eaten on the journey back !
Sources : Darwin's Dinner at Quite Interesting | The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin by Charles and Francis Darwin
2. Darwin Wanted to Be a Doctor , But He Could n't Stand the Sight of
Blood
Darwin attended Edinburgh University in hopes of becoming a physician like his father , but soon abandoned the idea because he could n't stand the sight of blood .
So he decided to study divinity instead and become a rural cleric , which would fit his hobby of being a naturalist just fine
( Source ) .
3. Darwin's Nose Almost Cost Him The Voyage on the Beagle
The Captain of HMS Beagle , Robert FitzRoy , was about to embark on a survey expedition to South America , but he was afraid of the stress and loneliness of such a voyage ( indeed , they have driven the previous captain of the ship to commit suicide ) .
So FitzRoy asked his superiors for a well - educated and scientific gentleman companion to come along as an unpaid naturalist whom he could treat as an equal .
The professors at Cambridge recommended then 22 - years old Charles Darwin for the trip .
At first , Charles ' father Robert objected to the appointment - after
all , such a voyage would take years and would get in the way of him being a clergyman .
But Darwin 's uncle was able to persuade him not only to let his son go , but also support him financially .
Darwin and FitzRoy got together well , but later Darwin found out that he almost did n't get picked for the voyage ... on account of the shape of his nose !
" Afterwards on becoming very intimate with Fitz - Roy , I heard that I had run a very narrow risk of being rejected [ as the Beagle 's naturalist ] , on account of the shape of my nose !
He was an ardent desciple of Lavater , and was convinced that he could judge a man 's character by the outline of his features ; and he doubted wheather anyone with my nose could possess sufficient energy and determination for the voyage .
But I think he was afterwards well - satisfied that my nose had spoken falsely . "
( Source : Charles Darwin : His Life Told in an Autobiographical Chapter , and in a Selected Series of His Published Letters , by Charles Darwin - 1902 )
4. Best Birthday Gift Ever : a Mountain !
For Darwin's 25th birthday on February 12 , 1834 , Captain FitzRoy named a mountain after him .
Yup , Mount Darwin .
It is the highest peak in Tierra del Fuego .
A year earlier , Darwin and his shipmates were on a small island in the Tierra del Fuego archipelago when a huge mass of ice fell from the face of a glacier and plunged into the ocean , causing a huge wave .
Darwin ran to the shore and saved the ship 's boats from being swept away .
For saving everyone from being marooned , FitzRoy named the area Darwin Sound .
And as if one mountain is n't enough , Darwin got three more named after him :
There are other Darwin Mountains located in California , Tasmania , and Antarctica .
5 . The Full Title of " On The Origin of Species "
Larger photo : University of Sydney
You probably know that Darwin 's most famous work , outlining his theory of evolution , is On the Origin of Species .
But what most people do n't know is the full title :
On the Origin of Species by means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life .
It was published in 1859 , twenty years after his epic voyage ( yes , he took his sweet time in publishing his work , which he only did because Alfred Russell Wallace came to the same conclusion of evolution and Darwin did n't want to be left behind ) .
A total of 1250 copies were printed and it went on sale for 15 shillings .
It 's now valued at around $ 23,000 .
In the 6th edition , the title was changed to The Origin of Species .
6. Darwin Didn't Invent the Phrase " Survival of the Fittest "
That was Herbert Spencer , a philosopher and contemporary of Charles Darwin .
After reading Darwin's
On the Origin of Species , Spencer wrote Principles of Biology in 1864 .
He coined the phrase " survival of the fittest " and extended Darwin 's theory of natural selection into the realm of sociology , ethics , and economics .
Darwin himself used the phrase in his 5th edition of The Origin and gave full credit to Spencer .
7. Darwin Married His First Cousin
Darwin was a logical man , and he approached the important issue of marriage like he would any problem .
In The Correspondence of Charles Darwin , Darwin made careful pro and con list of marriage to his first cousin , Emma Wedgwood :
Image : Cambridge University Library - The Complete Work of Charles Darwin Online
Under the title " This is the Question , " Darwin wrote in the " Marry " Column :
Children — ( if it Please God ) — Constant companion , ( & friend in old age ) who will feel interested in one , — object to be beloved & played with .
— — better than a dog anyhow .
—
Home , & someone to take care of house — Charms of music & female chit-chat . —
These things good for one 's health .
—
Forced to visit & receive relations but terrible loss of time .
—
W My God , it is intolerable to think of spending ones whole life , like a neuter bee , working , working , & nothing after all .
—
No , no wo n't do .
—
Imagine living all one 's day solitarily in smoky dirty London House . —
Only picture to yourself a nice soft wife on a sofa with good fire , & books & music perhaps — Compare this vision with the dingy reality of Grt. Marlbro ' St .
... and in the " Not Marry " column :
No children , ( no second life ) , no one to care for one in old age . —
What is the use of working ' in ' without sympathy from near & dear friends — who are near & dear friends to the old , except relatives Freedom to go where one liked — choice of Society & little of it .
— Conversation of clever men at clubs —
Not forced to visit relatives , & to bend in every trifle .
— to have the expense & anxiety of children — perhaps quarelling —
Loss of time .
— cannot read in the Evenings — fatness & idleness — Anxiety & responsibility — less money for books &c — if many children forced to gain one 's bread . —
( But then it is very bad for ones health to work too much ) Perhaps my wife wont like London ; then the sentence is banishment & degradation into indolent , idle fool —
He concluded that he should marry , and wrote :
Marry - Marry - Marry Q.E.D .
It is ironic that the man who gave rise to the importance of genetics in natural selection chose to marry his first cousin ( Darwin was n't alone in this - Einstein also married his cousin ) , but one thing is for sure : Darwin cleverly avoided adding more relatives to visit !
8. How Darwin Lost His Faith in Christianity
Darwin was actually quite a religious fellow when he began his voyage on the Beagle ( he was fresh out of divinity school ) .
Aboard the ship , Darwin was known to quote passages from the bible to rowdy sailors on board .
But something happened during the trip that made him less religious .
Darwin saw slavery firsthand as well as the wretched living conditions of the natives of Tierra del Fuego and wondered why God allowed such inhumanities to happen ( Source ) .
Darwin became skeptical of the history in the Old Testament , yet still believed in the existence of God .
Darwin lost his faith when his daughter Annie caught scarlet fever and died at the age of 10 .
He wrote " We have lost the joy of the household , and the solace of our old age ...
Oh that she could now know how deeply , how tenderly we do still & and shall ever love her dear joyous face . "
The heartsick Emma filled a small box with Annie 's small treasures and kept it until her own death .
( Source )
From then on , Darwin continued to help the local church with parish work , but would go on walks while his family attended church on Sundays .
When asked about his religious views , Darwin denied that he was an atheist , but called himself agnostic .
In 1915 , Lady Hope claimed to have visited Darwin and witnessed his deathbed conversion back to Christianity .
This was refuted by his children , who noted that his last words were to Emma : " I am not the least afraid of death - Remember what a good wife you have been - Tell all my children to remember how good they have been to me . "
( Source )
9. Darwin was a Backgammon Fiend
After his return from South America , Darwin developed a life - long illness that left him severely debilitated or bed - ridden for long periods of time .
Darwin consulted with more than 20 doctors , but the cause of his disease was never discovered ( Wikipedia has an interesting list of possible illnesses ) .
Over the years , with the help of Emma , Darwin developed a strict routine that seemed to help in alleviating the symptoms .
AboutDarwin.com has an interesting glimpse into what everyday life was like for Darwin .
Of note is Darwin 's strict schedule for playing backgammon .
Every night between 8 and 8:30 PM , Darwin would play 2 games of backgammon with Emma .
He even kept score of every game he played for years !
10 . Church of England Finally Apologized to Darwin
When Darwin's work on the theory of evolution came out , the church attacked him vociferously .
Now , 126 years after his death , The Church of England has apologized to Darwin :
Charles Darwin : 200 years from your birth , the Church of England owes you an apology for misunderstanding you and , by getting our first reaction wrong , encouraging others to misunderstand you still .
We try to practice the old virtues of ' faith seeking understanding ' and hope that makes some amends .
But the struggle for your reputation is not over yet , and the problem is not just your religious opponents but those who falsely claim you in support of their own interests .
Good religion needs to work constructively with good science – and I dare to suggest that the opposite may be true as well .
( Source )
If you like this article , you 'll probably love these 10 Fun Facts articles on Neatorama :
10 Strange Facts About Einstein
10 Fun Facts About Pablo Picasso
10 Neat Facts About ... Rick Astley !
10 Fascinating Facts about Edison
10 Kick Ass Facts About Bruce Lee
10 Strange Facts About Newton
CHICAGO  President - elect Barack Obama praised the Bush administration 's effort to combat AIDS and pledged Monday to continue to fight the deadly disease when he takes office in January .
Obama discussed AIDS in videotaped remarks to the Saddleback Civil Forum on Global Health held in Washington .
The remarks were released Monday while Obama was in Chicago to announce members of his national security team .
In the video , Obama noted advancements since the first World AIDS Day 20 years ago .
Among the accomplishments was Bush 's initiative of giving lifesaving antiretroviral treatment to people in sub-Saharan Africa .
" I salute President Bush for his leadership in crafting a plan for AIDS relief in Africa and backing it up with funding dedicated to saving lives and preventing the spread of the disease , " Obama said .
" And my administration will continue this critical work to address the crisis around the world . "
He also urged people to recommit themselves to addressing AIDS in the United States with a strategy involving prevention , treatment and a focus on at - risk communities .
Obama said everyone must help address the disease because " in the end this epidemic can't be stopped by government alone , and money alone is not the answer either . "
More than one million people in the United States are living with HIV / AIDS , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
___
World Aids Day
http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/resources/factsheets/us.htm
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Telstra says it has been excluded from the bidding process for the construction of a national broadband network by the Federal Government for " trivial " reasons .
Telstra said reason given for its exclusion was that it did not include a plan on how to involve small and medium enterprises in the building of the network in its from the " request for proposal " lodged on November 26 .
" The decision to exclude us from the RFP is the Commonwealth 's decision to make , " chairman Donald McGauchie said .
" But Telstra is the only company to have submitted a proposal with a real financial commitment - of $ 5 billion .
" And Telstra is the only company with the existing network , technical know - how , world - leading vendor , skilled workforce , established wholesale systems and proven track record of building world - class networks . "
As for sweetening the pot , in general the greater the monetary incentive involved in the deal , the greater the disgust from respondents .
Israelis and Palestinians alike often reacted as though we had asked them to sell their children .
This strongly implies that using the standard approaches of “ business - like negotiations ” favored by Western diplomats will only backfire .
Many Westerners seem to ignore these clearly expressed “ irrational ” preferences , because in a sensible world they ought not to exist .
Diplomats hope that peace and concrete progress on material and quality - of - life matters ( electricity , water , agriculture , the economy and so on ) will eventually make people forget the more heartfelt issues .
But this is only a recipe for another Hundred Years ’
War  progress on everyday material matters will simply heighten attention on value - laden issues of “ who we are and want to be . ”
Fortunately , our work also offers hints of another , more optimistic course .
Absolutists who violently rejected offers of money or peace for sacred land were considerably more inclined to accept deals that involved their enemies making symbolic but difficult gestures .
For example , Palestinian hard - liners were more willing to consider recognizing the right of Israel to exist if the Israelis simply offered an official apology for Palestinian suffering in the 1948 war .
Similarly , Israeli respondents said they could live with a partition of Jerusalem and borders very close to those that existed before the 1967 war if Hamas and the other major Palestinian groups explicitly recognized Israel ’s right to exist .
Remarkably , our survey results were mirrored by our discussions with political leaders from both sides .
For example , Mousa Abu Marzook ( the deputy chairman of Hamas ) said no when we proposed a trade - off for peace without granting a right of return .
He became angry when we added in the idea of substantial American aid for rebuilding : “ No , we do not sell ourselves for any amount . ”
But when we mentioned a potential Israeli apology for 1948 , he brightened : “ Yes , an apology is important , as a beginning .
It ’s not enough because our houses and land were taken away from us and something has to be done about that . ”
His response suggested that progress on sacred values might open the way for negotiations on material issues , rather than the reverse .
We got a similar reaction from Benjamin Netanyahu , the hard - line former Israeli prime minister .
We asked him whether he would seriously consider accepting a two - state solution following the 1967 borders if all major Palestinian factions , including Hamas , were to recognize the right of the Jewish people to an independent state in the region .
He answered , “ O.K. , but the Palestinians would have to show that they sincerely mean it , change their textbooks and anti-Semitic characterizations . ”
Making these sorts of wholly intangible “ symbolic ” concessions , like an apology or recognition of a right to exist , simply does n’t compute on any utilitarian calculus .
And yet the science says they may be the best way to start cutting the knot .
On a more concrete note , melamine not only has widespread industrial applications , but is also used to buttress the foundation of American agriculture .
Image Credit ...
David Sandlin
Fertilizer companies commonly add melamine to their products because it helps control the rate at which nitrogen seeps into soil , thereby allowing the farmer to get more nutrient bang for the fertilizer buck .
But the government does n’t regulate how much melamine is applied to the soil .
This melamine accumulates as salt crystals in the ground , tainting the soil through which American food sucks up American nutrients .
A related area of agricultural concern is animal feed .
Chinese eggs seized last month in Hong Kong , for instance , contained elevated levels of melamine because of the melamine - laden wheat gluten used in the feed for the chickens that produced the eggs .
To think American consumers are immune to this unscrupulous behavior is to ignore the Byzantine reality of the global gluten trade .
Tracking the flow of wheat gluten around the world , much less evaluating its quality , is like trying to contain a drop of dye in a churning whirlpool .
More ominous , the United States imports most of its wheat gluten .
Last year , for instance , the F.D.A. reported that millions of Americans had eaten chicken fattened on feed with melamine - tainted gluten imported from China .
Around the same time , Tyson Foods slaughtered and processed hogs that had eaten melamine - contaminated feed .
The government decided not to recall the meat .
Only a week earlier , however , the F.D.A. had announced that thousands of cats and dogs had died from melamine - laden pet food .
This high - profile pet scandal did not prove to be a spur to reform so much as a red herring .
Our attention was diverted to Fido and away from the animals we happen to kill and eat rather than spoil .
Frightening as this all sounds , the concerned consumer is not completely helpless .
We can seek out organic foods , which are grown with fertilizer without melamine  unless that fertilizer was composted with manure from animals fed melamine - laden feed ( always possible , as the Tyson example suggests ) .
The medical journal Movement Disorders reported two case studies of people who were deaf from birth and had the tic disorder Tourettes , leading them to compulsively swear in sign language .
Tourettes is often associated with compulsive swearing , although this only happens in a minority of cases .
It is more commonly associated with compulsive actions , that can be non -word vocal sounds , or actions that range from eye - blinks to hair - combing like actions .
However , in some people compulsive swearing , known as coprolalia , does appear , and in these two cases studies , it seems this can even be expressed through sign in people who have sign language as their first language .
This is from a 2001 case study :
Here we present a 31 - year - old man with prelingual deafness who had motor and vocal tics as well as coprolalia expressed through sign language .
He would feel a compulsion to use the sign for ‚ Äúcunt ‚Äù ( see Fig. 1 : [ top ] ) in contexts ( grammatical and social ) that were not appropriate .
This is essentially the sign for the medical term ‚ Äúvagina ‚Äù except that the sign is pushed toward the person at whom it is aimed and accompanied by threatening body language and facial expression .
The patient would then feel embarrassed about the compulsion and aim to disguise it as another sign .
Commonly , this would be the sign for ‚ Äúpetrol pump ‚Äù ( see Fig. 2 : [ bottom ] ) .
This can also be used to symbolise a small watering can .
There ’s also loads of great guides to sign language on the net , including a guide to swearing and a guide to flirting if ever you find yourself wanting to chat up a hot deaf babe or sexy deaf boy .
Link to first case study ( vaguely via MeFi ) .
Link to PubMed entry for same .
Link to second case study ( mentioned above ) .
Link to PubMed entry for same .
recognize test executables , run them when the test command is given , and not install them when the install command is given .
Setup.hs
- tests
#!/usr/bin/env runhaskell -- Setup.hs module Main ( main ) where import Data .
List ( isSuffixOf ) import Distribution .
PackageDescription import Distribution .
Simple import System .
Process main :: IO ( ) main = defaultMainWithHooks ( simpleUserHooks {runTests = _runTests , instHook = _instHook} ) where --
Run all executables with names that end in - tests _runTests _ _ pd _ = do let exeNames = [ " dist / build / " ++ fp ++ " / " ++ fp | fp <- map exeName ( executables pd ) ] sequence [ _runTest e | e <- exeNames , isSuffixOf " - tests " e ] return () _runTest fp = do ph <- runCommand fp waitForProcess ph --
Only install executables that do n't end in - tests _instHook pd lbi uhs ifs = do let execs = filter ( \e -> not $ isSuffixOf " - tests " ( exeName e ) ) ( executables pd ) ( instHook simpleUserHooks ) ( pd { executables = execs} ) lbi uhs ifs
" You 're going to march right into that office and say ' listen here , Mr. Higgenblatz , I 've been with this firm for over ten years , and it's high time I had my own private office , and a reserved parking space , and a five dollar an hour raise , and ... um , how about two dollars , then ?
And , er , the office does n't have to have to be really big or have a window or anything , and I 've been thinking about taking the bus anyway , so I do n't really need the parking space ...' "
That 'll show him who 's boss , Becky H .
By Kang Yi ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2007-06-15 14:57
While many are shocked by the news of a slave trafficking ring in Shanxi Province , some of the victims will not be able to prosecute their traffickers because they are not covered by the criminal law code .
A rural migrant laborer , right , looks back at a passerby while pulling a cart of bricks at a kiln in Caosheng Village , Hongdong County in Shanxi Province in this undated photo .
[ Shanxi Evening News / file ]
Thirty one workers who were forced to work as ' slaves ' in brick kilns in northern Shanxi province were freed by police , and another 217 ' slaves ' were rescued in neighboring Henan Province , Xinhua reported Thursday .
According to the report , most of the ' slave ' laborers are migrant workers who had been lured by human traffickers to the brick kilns and were later detained by the kiln owners who hired thugs to keep the detainees under tight security .
Anyone attempting to run away would be punished by a deadly thrashing .
A thug who worked for a kiln owner in Caosheng Village , Shanxi Province , was arrested by local police for allegedly beating a runway ' slave ' to death after catching the victim .
Death , assault , kidnapping and illegal detention could initiate a criminal procedure in China , but bringing the traffickers to justice is difficult .
" Those traffickers who lure migrant workers , mainly adult males , to do forced labor will not be convicted as the criminal code only covers those who traffic women and children , " Guan Zhongzhi , a lawyer with Zhonghuan Law Firm told chinadaily.com.cn .
The legal loophole has put male victims in an awkward position when fighting against their traffickers in the court of law .
It is reported that a crackdown campaign was launched to strike 11 cities of Shanxi Province .
Coal mines , brick kilns , private contractors and small - sized enterprises will be under scrutiny after media reports revealed that hundreds of children had been kidnapped and forced to work in kilns in Shanxi .
This piece was reprinted by OpEdNews with permission or license .
It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source .
Outgoing CIA Director Michael Hayden is going around town telling folks he has warned President - elect Barack Obama " personally and forcefully " that if Obama authorizes an investigation into controversial activities like water boarding , " no one in Langley will ever take a risk again . "
Upon learning this from what we former intelligence officers used to call an " A - 1 source " ( completely reliable with excellent access to the information ) , the thought that came to me in the face of such chutzpah was from Cicero 's livid oration against the Roman usurper Cataline : " Quousque , tandem , abutere , Catalina , patientia nostra ! " — or " How long , at last , O Cataline , will you abuse our patience ! "
Cicero had had enough .
And so , apparently , has Obama , who has been confirmed once again of the wisdom of his vote against Hayden 's becoming CIA director .
It was striking that Obama did not even mention Hayden on Jan. 9 , when the president - elect formally named Leon Panetta as his choice to run the CIA and Dennis Blair to be director of national intelligence .
Obama did announce that Mike McConnell , whom Blair will replace after he is confirmed , has been given a sinecure / consolation prize — a seat on the President 's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board .
Hayden , a former Air Force general , should be given a seat in the military prison in Leavenworth ( see below ) .
It is not only a bit cheeky , but more than a little disingenuous that Hayden should think to advise Obama " personally and forcefully " against investigating illegal activities authorized by president George W. Bush , since Hayden himself can already be described as an unindicted co-conspirator based on publicly available information .
He has bragged loudly about the crimes in which he was directly involved , and has defended others , like what he has called " high - end " interrogation techniques — water boarding , for example .
Could it be clearer ?
" Water boarding is torture , " said President - elect Obama last Sunday to George Stephanopoulos .
Torture is a crime .
Obama added , twice , that no one is " above the law , " although also citing his " belief that we need to look forward as opposed to looking backward . "
Despite the President - elect 's equivocations , it seems that President Bush and the current CIA director have a problem .
And apparently Hayden 's palms are sweaty enough to warrant , in his view , a thinly veiled threat .
In the outrage category , that threat / warning goes well beyond chutzpah .
What an insult to my former colleagues at the CIA to suggest that they lack the integrity to fulfill their important duties in consonance with the law ; to suggest that they would treat the incoming president like a substitute teacher !
" Should Have Been Court - martialed "
So spoke the late Gen. Bill Odom on Jan. 4 , 2006 referring to Hayden .
Odom 's comment came before being interviewed by George Kenney , a former Foreign Service officer and now producer of " Electronic Politics . "
And President Bush " should be impeached , " added Odom with equal fury .
Odom ruled out discussing during the actual interview the warrantless eavesdropping that had been revealed by the New York Times just a few weeks earlier .
In a memorandum of conversation Kenney opined that Odom was so angry that he realized that if he started discussing the issue , he would not be able to control himself .
Why was Gen .
Odom so angry ?
Because he , like all uniformed officers , took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic ; because he took that oath seriously ; and because , as head of the National Security Agency from 1985 to 1988 , he did his best to ensure that all employees strictly observed NSA 's " First Commandment " — Thou Shalt Not Eavesdrop on Americans Without a Court Warrant .
Also disappointed was former NSA Director Admiral Bobby Ray Inman , who led NSA from 1977 to 1981 , was one of the country 's most highly respected senior managers of intelligence , and actually authored parts of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) of 1978 .
At a public discussion at the New York Public Library on May 8 , 2006 , Inman took strong issue with Hayden 's flouting of FISA :
" There clearly was a line in the FISA statutes which says you could n't do this , " said Inman .
He went on to call specific attention to an " extra sentence put in the bill that said , ' You ca n't do anything that is not authorized by this bill . ' "
Inman spoke proudly of the earlier ethos at NSA , where " it was deeply ingrained that you operate within the law and you get the law changed if you need to . "
Hayden the Martinet
In contrast , Michael Hayden , who was NSA director from 1999 to 2005 , chose to salute when ordered by Vice President Dick Cheney to create and implement an aggressive NSA program skirting the strict legal restrictions of FISA .
Hayden then proceeded to do the White House 's bidding in conning the invertebrates posing as leaders of the Senate and House intelligence " oversight " ( more accurately — " overlook " ) committees .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A local law professor is threatening to sue the Presidential Inaugural Committee over inadequate restroom facilities for women .
George Washington University public interest law professor John F. Banzhaf , III , said the National Park Service 's plan to have roughly the same number of portable toilets designated for men and women is discriminatory because it will result in much longer wait times for women .
Banzhaf wants more toilets designated for use by both sexes , and a two - to - one ratio of women 's facilities to men 's facilities .
He also suggested that inauguration staffers be given the authority to direct women to men's toilets , if necessary .
" Women take far longer than men to urinate , often have to take additional time for feminine hygiene , pregnancy and for young children in tow , and are unlikely to relieve themselves in public as men are sometimes forced to do , " Banzhaf said in a statement .
Banzhaf said he sent letters to Presidential Inaugural Committee executive director Emmett Beliveau , as well as Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies staff director Howard Gantman , and JCCIC members Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) .
Banzhaf is known as the " Father of Potty Parity , " and has brought more than 100 successful legal challenges to restroom practices that discriminate against women , according to the statement .
President - elect Barack Obama 's inauguration will take place on Tuesday , Jan. 20 .
A crowd of two million people or more is expected for the ceremony .
( CNN ) -- U.S. Airways has sent a check for $ 5,000 to each passenger who was on the plane that crashed in the Hudson River last week , saying it will be months before they receive any of their possessions that were on the plane and are recoverable .
i Reporter Julie Pukelis used a camera and telescope to get this view of the crash scene in the Hudson River .
" The National Transportation Safety Board has now begun their investigation of this accident , and we are offering our full participation and cooperation , " airline executive Kerry Hester wrote in a letter accompanying each check .
" Investigatory protocol requires that the aircraft and all of its contents must be examined and weighed prior to releasing any items onboard in order to verify the weight and balance on the aircraft .
...
The process is to weigh all items in their current state , dry them for eight weeks and then weigh them again , " Hester wrote .
" This means we can not return your items to you until the NTSB recovers and releases them , a process that will likely take several months .
It is also possible that some items may be unrecoverable . "
Do n't Miss Pilot landed in Hudson to avoid catastrophe
The airline also included checks to reimburse the 150 passengers for the costs of their tickets .
" This is an obvious reimbursement that we wanted to make quickly to each of you , " the letter says .
Thursday 's flight from New York 's LaGuardia Airport to Charlotte , North Carolina , lost power in both engines shortly after takeoff , forcing an emergency landing on the Hudson River .
All 155 people onboard survived .
All About Air Travel • US Airways Group Inc. • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board
Food
The hunt for food is the dominant activity in the lives of all animals , and the collection , growing , and hunting of food was the primary occupation of human beings for thousands of years .
Although technological advances mean far fewer people take part in the production of our food these days , the preparation , consumption , and enjoyment of food remains a significant factor in our lives .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " I can't afford to pay the mortgage this month . "
Dogbert says , " There 's no reason to worry . "
Dogbert says , " I doubt your bank can afford postage to send you an eviction notice . "
Dilbert says , " That did n't make me worry less . "
Dogbert says , " How are we set for firearms ? "
Recently I did a post on an actor benchmark with Erlang .
I ’ve ported that to Scala just to get my feet wet .
So far , I ’d say the learning curve for Scala has been a bit steeper for me .
I ’m not sure if that ’s just because I ’ve approached learning it in a haphazard way ( which I have ) or whether it ’s just harder to grok .
It ’s hard not to feel the intensity of thought that went into the design of Scala .
At first glance there appears to be a lot of syntax to deal with although it turns out on closer inspection that actually most of that falls out as operators and other extensible things built into the language .
That ’s both very cool and also quite daunting .
I ’m just a few days in , so I do n’t really buy my own feelings anyways as I need way more experience with it first .
Anyhow , to the code ….. I ’m not going to explain it much as it ’s a pretty straight port from the Erlang version in the previous post .
I suspect seasoned Scala programmers will laugh at this but I ’m ok with that .
Feel free to leave constructive ( or non-constructive but funny ) comments if you have any suggestions .
I created one object ( in Scala objects are true singletons and classes are like Java classes ) named Ring .
It has a main ( so I can run it ) and a method to start up the ring .
The main takes one arg which is the number of nodes in the ring .
First I construct the TimerActor used by the NodeActor to time the ring timings later .
Then I create all the nodes .
And finally I connect each node to the next in the ring .
Some syntax notes for the Scala newbs : ; ’s are optional , Unit is like void in Java , array access is with ( ) not [ ] , ! is the Erlang send operator ported into the actor library ( it ’s just a method call on a method named “ ! ” ) .
[ source : scala ]
import scala.actors ._
import scala.actors .Actor ._
object Ring {
def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) : Unit = {
val node = startRing ( args ( 0 ) .toInt )
node !
StartMessage
}
def startRing(n : Int ) : NodeActor = {
val nodes = spawnNodes ( n , startTimer ( ) )
connectNodes (n , nodes )
return nodes (0 )
}
def startTimer ( ) : TimerActor = {
val timer = new TimerActor
timer.start
return timer
}
def spawnNodes (n: Int , timer : TimerActor ) : Array [ NodeActor ] = {
println ( “ constructing nodes ” )
val startConstructing = System.currentTimeMillis
val nodes = new Array [ NodeActor ] ( n+1 )
for( i <- 0 until n ) { nodes ( i ) = new NodeActor ( i , timer , null ) nodes ( i ) . start } val endConstructing = System.currentTimeMillis println ( “ Took “ + ( endConstructing - startConstructing ) + “ ms to construct “ + n + “ nodes ” ) return nodes } def connectNodes ( n : Int , nodes : Array [ NodeActor ] ) = { println ( “ connecting nodes ” ) nodes ( n ) = nodes ( 0 ) for ( i < - 0 until n ) nodes ( i).connect ( nodes ( i+1 ) ) } } [ / source ]
And then we have the actors .
Actors send messages ( with ! ) , which are put into an actor ’s mailbox , inside actors , they pattern match messages from the mailbox and act on the messages .
So , basically very close to the Erlang model .
There are two forms of actors however - you can use “ react ” to make lightweight actors that is not tied to a real thread , which is very similar to Erlang .
Or you can use “ receive ” to get an actor backed by a real ( Java ) thread .
It ’s actually kind of nice to have this flexibility .
I kind of wish it did n’t require you to choose different methods though ; seems like some way of using the same code but specifying on actor creation which model to use would be cleaner .
Messages are best represented as Scala case classes - these are basically just immutable objects we can pass around .
Here I define some case objects ( true singletons ) and a case class for the message token : [ source : scala ] case object StartMessage case object StopMessage case object CancelMessage case class TokenMessage ( id : Int , value : Int ) [ / source ]
And here ’s the NodeActor which deals with three message types : Start / Stop / Token .
Start causes messages to be sent around the ring with an initial token value of 0 and source from this node ’s nodeId .
The Token is just passed on unless we hit the 1Mth time around in which case we start sending Stop messages around to kill off the ring .
[ source : scala ] class NodeActor ( id : Int , timer : TimerActor , var nextNode : NodeActor ) extends Actor { val nodeId : Int = id def connect ( node : NodeActor ) = nextNode = node def act ( ) { loop { react { case StartMessage => {
log ( “ Starting messages ” )
timer !
StartMessage
nextNode !
TokenMessage ( nodeId , 0 )
}
case StopMessage => {
log ( “ Stopping ” )
nextNode !
StopMessage
exit
}
case TokenMessage ( id , value ) if id == node
Id => {
val nextValue = value +1
if( nextValue % 10000 == 0 )
log ( “ Around ring ” + nextValue + ” times ” )
if ( nextValue == 1000000 ) {
timer !
StopMessage
timer !
CancelMessage
nextNode !
StopMessage
exit
} else {
nextNode !
TokenMessage ( id , nextValue )
}
}
case TokenMessage ( id , value ) => {
nextNode ! TokenMessage ( id , value )
}
}
}
}
def log ( msg : String ) {
println ( System.currentTimeMillis( ) + ” ” + nodeId + “ : ” + msg )
}
}
[ / source ]
Also , here ’s the TimerActor : [ source : scala ]
class TimerActor ( ) extends Actor {
private var timing : Boolean = false
private var startTime : Long = 0</p>
def act ( ) {
loop {
receive {
case StartMessage if ! timing => {
startTime = System.currentTimeMillis ( )
timing = true
}
case StopMessage if timing => {
val end = System.currentTimeMillis ( )
println ( “ Start= ” + startTime + ” Stop= ” + end + ” Elapsed= ” + ( end-startTime ) )
timing = false
}
case CancelMessage => {
exit
}
}
}
}
}
[ / source ]
And finally , let ’s run it and get some timings : [ source: scala ]
$ scalac Ring.scala
$ scala - cp .
Ring 100
constructing nodes
Took 10 ms to construct 100 nodes
connecting nodes
1231219721752 0 : Starting messages
1231219723493 0 : Around ring 10000 times
1231219724818 0 : Around ring 20000 times
..etc
1231219871405 0 : Around ring 990000 times
1231219873267 0 : Around ring 1000000 times
Start=1231219721758 Stop=1231219873269 Elapsed =151511
[ / source ]
It took 10 ms to construct 100 nodes ( compare to 0.2 ms in Erlang ) .
It took 152 seconds to send a total of 100 million messages in the ring or about 660,000 messages per second ( compared with about 1.3 million messages per second in Erlang ) .
I also tested constructing 20000 nodes in Scala , as in Erlang .
That took 345 millisconds in Scala ( was 120 milliseconds in Erlang ) .
With the caveat that this benchmark is a bunch of crap , I ’ll say Erlang was about 3 x faster at spawning processes and about 2 x faster at sending messages than Scala .
I can also tell you anecdotally that the cpu ran noticeably hotter with Scala than Erlang .
Between the two , I enjoyed writing the Erlang one more although Scala definitely had better error messages , especially when using the Eclipse plugin as an IDE .
UPDATE : At Philipp ’s suggestion , I was using Scala 2.7.2 .
I re-ran with Scala 2.7.3 and did see a noticeable bump in performance .
Here ’s all the #s :
Language JDK Spawn 100 Send 100 M messages Spawn 20 k Erlang R12B 0.2 ms 77354 ms 120 ms Scala 2.7.2 jdk 1.6 ( 1 ) 10 ms 151511 ms 345 ms Scala 2.7.2 jdk 1.6 ( 2 ) 8 ms 306866 ms 356 ms Scala 2.7.3 jdk 1.6 ( 1 ) 10 ms 121712 ms 315 ms Scala 2.7.3 jdk 1.6 ( 2 ) 13 ms 334774 ms 410 ms Scala 2.7.3 jdk 1.5 ( 3 ) 9 ms 578093 ms 124 ms
_
JDK detail :</ p>
jdk 1.6 ( SoyLatte 1.0.2 ) : build 1.6.0_03-p3-landonf_03_feb_2008_02_12-b00 jdk 1.6 ( Apple ) : build 1.6.0_07-b06-153 jdk 1.5 ( Apple ) : build 1.5.0_16-133
</em >
So , some interesting numbers there .
Surprisingly , JDK 1.5 is actually the fastest at creating actors and the latest Apple JDK 1.6 is actually the slowest .
That ’s a little puzzling .
I ’m not sure what to make of the other numbers either .
SoyLatte 1.6 definitely seems to run substantially faster than the Apple 1.6 and shows some improvement with Scala 2.7.3 .
The Apple 1.6 numbers are actually worse with Scala 2.7.3 though .
I suspect this has a lot to do with me just soaking the CPUs on this box .
So , I would n’t put much faith in any of these .
Bill King cites the following precise articulation of the definition of Credit :
“ This is a delusion about credit .
And whereas from the nature of credit it is to be expected that a certain line will divide the view between creditor and debtor , the irrational fact in this case is that for more than ten tears debtors and creditors together have pursued the same deceptions .
In many ways , as will appear , the folly of the lender has exceeded the extravagance of the borrower .
The general shape of this universal delusion may be indicated by three of its familiar features .
First , the idea that the panacea for debt is credit …
The aggregate of this increase is prodigious , and a very high proportion of it represents recourse to credit to avoid payment of debt .
Second , a social and political doctrine , now widely accepted , beginning with the premise that people are entitled to certain betterments of life .
If they cannot immediately afford the , that is , if out of their own resources these betterments cannot be provided , nevertheless people are entitled to them , and credit must provide them …
Probably one half of all government , national and civic , in the area of western civilization is either bankrupt or in acute distress from having over - borrowed …
Third , the argument that prosperity is a product of credit , whereas from the beginning of economic thought it had been supposed that prosperity was from the increase and exchange of wealth , and credit was its product .
This inverted way of thinking was fundamental .
It rationalized the delusion as a whole .
Its most astonishing imaginary success was in the field of international finance , where it became unorthodox to doubt that the use of credit in progressive magnitudes to inflate international trade the problem of international debt was solved …
Was it possible for nations to sell to one another more than they bought from one another … ?
Certainly .
But How ?
By selling on credit .
By lending one another the credit to buy one another ’s goods …
Do we live in a world that was created by a god who is all - powerful , all - knowing , and all good ?
Christians think we do .
Yet a powerful reason for doubting this confronts us every day : the world contains a vast amount of pain and suffering .
If God is all - knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
If he is all - powerful , he could have created a world without so much of it - and he would have done so if he were all good .
Christians usually respond that God bestowed on us the gift of free will , and hence is not responsible for the evil we do .
But this reply fails to deal with the suffering of those who drown in floods , are burned alive in forest fires caused by lightning , or die of hunger or thirst during a drought .
Christians sometimes attempt to explain this suffering by saying that all humans are sinners , and so deserve their fate , even if it is a horrible one .
But infants and small children are just as likely to suffer and die in natural disasters as adults , and it seems impossible that they could deserve to suffer and die .
Once again , some Christians say that we have all inherited the original sin committed by Eve , who defied God 's decree against eating from the tree of knowledge .
This is a triply repellent idea , for it implies that knowledge is bad , disobeying God 's will is the greatest sin of all , and children inherit the sins of their ancestors , and may justly be punished for them .
Even if were to accept all this , the problem remains unresolved .
For animals also suffer from floods , fires , and droughts , and , since they are not descended from Adam and Eve , they cannot have inherited original sin .
In earlier times , when original sin was taken more seriously than it generally is today , the suffering of animals posed a particularly difficult problem for thoughtful Christians .
The 17th - century French philosopher René Descartes solved it by the drastic expedient of denying that animals can suffer .
Animals , he maintained , are merely ingenious mechanisms , and we should not take their cries and struggles as a sign of pain , any more than we take the sound of an alarm clock as a sign that it has consciousness .
People who live with a dog or a cat are not likely to find that persuasive .
Last month , at Biola University , a Christian college in southern California , I debated the existence of God with the conservative commentator Dinesh D'Souza .
In recent months , D'Souza has made a point of debating prominent atheists , but he , too , struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem I outlined above .
He first said that , because humans can live forever in heaven , the suffering of this world is less important than it would be if our life in this world were the only life we had .
That still fails to explain why an all - powerful and all - good god would permit it .
Relatively insignificant as this suffering may be from the perspective of eternity , the world would be better without it , or at least without most of it .
( Some say that we need to have some suffering to appreciate what it is like to be happy .
Maybe , but we surely do n't need as much as we have . )
Next , D'Souza argued that since God gave us life , we are not in a position to complain if our life is not perfect .
He used the example of a child born with one limb missing .
If life itself is a gift , he said , we are not wronged by being given less than we might want .
In response I pointed out that we condemn mothers who cause harm to their babies by using alcohol or cocaine when pregnant .
Yet since they have given life to their children , it seems that , on D'Souza 's view , there is nothing wrong with what they have done .
Finally , D'Souza fell back , as many Christians do when pressed , on the claim that we should not expect to understand God 's reasons for creating the world as it is .
It is as if an ant should try to understand our decisions , so puny is our intelligence in comparison with the infinite wisdom of God .
( This is the answer given , in more poetic form , in The Book of Job . )
But once we abdicate our powers of reason in this way , we may as well believe anything at all .
Moreover , the assertion that our intelligence is puny in comparison with God 's presupposes just the point that is under debate - that there is a god who is all - knowing , all - powerful , and all good .
The evidence of our own eyes makes it more plausible to believe that the world was not created by any god at all .
If , however , we insist on believing in divine creation , we are forced to admit that the God who made the world cannot be all - powerful and all good .
He must be either evil or a bungler .
In cooperation with Project Syndicate , 2008 .
Enjoy the one and only " Original " Red M&M 's ® , manufactured exclusively by Masterfoods USA / M&M Mars , as well as a fun trivia fact .
Did you know that Red M&M 's ® were not available for 11 years from 1976 to 1985 after the FDA banned Red Dye No. 2 , even though Red M&M 's ® did not contain this dye ?!
The manufacturer had always used Red #'s 3 and 40 .
Due to a wave of consumer protests , a student and editor of University of Tennessee newspaper named Paul Hethmon started a society for the Restoration and Preservation of Red M&M's . ®
So popular were his lobbying efforts that Red M&M 's ® were reintroduced .
Focus groups were held to decide the correct proportions for the gradual reintroduction of the banned color during the Christmas season of 1985 .
By the way , in case you were wondering , there are approximately 500 Red M&M 's ® per pound and we are proud to be an authorized distributor thus ensuring freshness and authenticity !
Kosher Certified
Unanounced , Cancelled THQ Air Combat Game Revealed in Slick CG Trailer
An unannounced air combat game titled " Stormbirds , " in development by Juice Games , was recently cancelled by THQ , according to former Juice artist Greg Calvert .
Stormbirds was set for release on Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC - - before THQ appare
Stormbirds was set for release on Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC - - before THQ apparently got cold feet .
As a result , the team of over 30 developers was laid off by Juiced owner THQ .
" The game was in the same genre as Ace Combat and HAWX , " wrote Calvert in a recent blog post .
" THQ deemed the project too high risk , [ and ] as a result the entire team were made redundant on the 1st of December 2008 . "
Juice Games was acquired by THQ in 2006 .
The developer is best known for the " Juiced " series of racing titles .
Rather than see the fruits of their labors go to waste , assets from the Stormbirds project have been released by both Calvert ( above ) and Steven Kerswell of CG studio RealtimeUK .
The intro cinematic , created by Realtime , can be seen below .
Thanks to TnS_hun for the heads up .
Outdoor growers are heading inside now so I thought if might be a good time to start a thread on how you can harvest a pound every three weeks from a 7x8 ' closet .
I 'll take you through my process from start to harvest .
What is different about my system vs. others ?
1 ) 3 separate Aero / NFT flower systems allow me to run a 9 week flower cycle .
This allows the buds to fully ripen and also allows me to run strains with more Sativa in them .
2 ) I use 100 % organic nutrients for the sweetest tasting bud you can ever imagine .
3 ) I take my cutting from my veg plants .
This way I can run 10 different strains without having to keep 10 mother plants .
4 ) My system is all Aeroponic / Hydroponic or Aero / NFT .
Each system uses the same sprayers and pumps .
No medium is used .
Basically the plants grow in air .
5 ) I have a 100 % success rate with my cloner .
By far the easiest way to take cuttings .
6 ) I always leach and then flush for at least 2 weeks for buds that burn and taste clean .
7 ) I run a three part cycle .
The plants stay 3 weeks in the cloner , then 3 weeks in the veg system and then the move to flower for the last 9 weeks .
Anyone can do this !
If you can read a number you will have the same success as I do .
Everything is measured and it is as easy as baking a cake .
If you follow my instructions you too can harvest a pound every 3 weeks .
So here we go ...
As the number of tigers decline , Indian wildlife authorities believe recent seizures of leopard - skins suggest that poachers are increasingly on the prowl for the country ’s other big cat .
According to the New Delhi - based nonprofit Wildlife Protection Society of India , at least 141 leopards have fallen to poaching so far in 2008 , compared to 24 tigers killed in the same period .
About 27 leopard skins have been taken in just the past few months , which conservationists say is evidence of a spike in poaching .
[ social_buttons ]
“ The situation is serious , ” said Tito Joseph , program manager at the wildlife society , which has tracked poacher arrests and animal - skin seizures in India for more than a decade .
Authorities seize between 150 to 200 leopard skins and bodies from around the country every year , implying a steady market for leopard skins and parts .
But the increased number of seizures may be due to improved wildlife enforcement and agency coordination , rather than an actual rise in leopard killings , said Ramesh Pandey , deputy director of the government ’s new Wildlife Crime Control Bureau .
Even so “ there is no doubt that the leopard is under threat , ” Pandey said .
In addition to encouraging donations to their efforts , The Wildlife Protection Society of India asks those concerned with the fate of the big cats to contact Indian authorities to voice concern .
Photo Credit : BrianScott on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
But hospital insiders allege Mrs Hale 's bowel was ruptured because she fell from the operating table while under general anaesthetic just prior to the operation .
They allege the fall also caused a minor head injury .
The insiders claim there were no staff in the operating theatre when she fell .
They allege Mrs Hale was told " a pack of lies " by hospital officials to conceal the truth .
It is alleged that once she was anaesthetised , a doctor and nurse left her unattended to work on another patient elsewhere in the hospital .
When staff re-entered the room , it is alleged they found Mrs Hale hanging head first because her feet had been strapped to the table .
When she hit the floor , a trocar - a hollow sharp cylinder used to introduce cannulas into blood vessels - that was inserted in her side had sliced through her bowel .
A source said : " It could so easily have killed her .
" They had to open her belly up , remove the section of perforated bowel then stitch her back up and rush her to intensive care . "
Mrs
Hale spent five days in hospital .
The Sun-Herald was told an internal critical incident report was compiled hours after the surgery , which stated Mrs Hale 's injuries were sustained because she was left " unattended . "
On December 19 , the same day The Sun-Herald began making inquiries , NSW Health Minister John Della Bosca was briefed that no such report existed .
The hospital then told the minister , that same day , the report had just been compiled - a week after the incident .
Mrs Hale said she was seeking legal advice .
" This is absolutely not what they told me , " she said .
" I was there because my appendix needed removing immediately .
When I woke up , they said there had been ' complications ' .
They said part of my bowel had been removed because they discovered a small lump .
They added it had been sent to a pathologist and it came back fine .
I had a bump on my head .
They said I hit that on a control panel . "
Mrs Hale said she wanted the truth .
" I need to know what the lasting implications are and how this is likely to affect the rest of my life . "
Hospital insiders said they chose to speak out because Campbelltown Hospital was providing the same " sub- standard care " that in 2003 had sparked the state 's largest inquiry into patient care and safety standards .
" It 's become routine practice to leave anaesthetised patients unattended and to cover up negligence using any means necessary , " the source said .
Royal Australasian College of Surgeons executive director Dr John Quinn said : " I find the episode you are recounting almost non-tenable .
Patients in a hospital operating theatre , who are given a general anaesthetic , are not left unattended .
It just should n't occur . "
Australian medical experts meanwhile have cast doubt on the hospital 's version of events .
Cancer Institute NSW head Jim Bishop said for a complex operation involving the removal of bowel cancer , it would be " very unusual " not to gain the patient 's consent first .
Professor Bishop said it was common practice for doctors to first perform scans , biopsies and follow - up tests to see whether the cancer had spread and if so , how far .
Director of Research at the Sydney Cancer Centre , Bruce Armstrong said : " Best practice would generally be to seek formal consent , from the patient … to inform them of what was found and to conduct further investigations . "
Medical Error Action Group spokeswoman Lorraine Long said : " Doctors and nurses are swamping our hotline with stories of negligence that make you want to cry . "
Mr Della Bosca said the incident was being fully investigated .
" If the family has concerns , we would urge them to contact the Health Care Complaints Commission .
Alternatively , they can contact my office . "
Opposition health spokeswoman Jillian Skinner said : " This is one of the worse examples of patient care .
To claim an internal report was n't compiled until a week later is suspicious , to say the least . "
By Subir Bhaumik
BBC News , Calcutta
Trains in the region have been targeted by insurgents in the past A bomb has exploded in a passenger train in India 's north - eastern state of Assam , killing at least three people .
Assam police chief GM Srivastava told the BBC that 30 other passengers had been injured , some of them seriously .
The train was travelling from Lumding railway station in Lower Assam to Tinsukia in Upper Assam .
The blast took place when the train halted at the Diphu station in the hill district of Karbi Anglong for a scheduled stop .
Assam has a number of insurgent groups which have a history of attacking the railways as they provide an easy target .
Disrupted Mr Srivastava said the death toll could rise as the condition of some of those injured was " pretty bad " .
The injured have been taken to a hospital in Diphu , but those with serious wounds are being brought to the state 's capital , Guwahati .
Train services between Upper and Lower Assam have been disrupted but railway officials say they will restored within a day .
None of the many rebel groups active in Assam has claimed responsibility for the explosion so far .
But police say they suspect the involvement of the Karbi Longri National Liberation Front ( KLNLF ) , a group fighting for an independent homeland for the Karbi tribes in Assam .
This group has been recently involved in several attacks on Hindi - speaking migrants in the district of Karbi Anglong and one such attack was reported on Tuesday from the village of Dolamara in which two Hindi speakers were killed .
A series of nine explosions in four towns in Assam on 30 October killed more than 80 people .
The state government blamed the separatist United Liberation Front of Assam ( Ulfa ) and the National Democratic front of Bodoland ( NDFB ) for the explosions .
In the past few months , there has been a series of blasts across many Indian cities including Delhi , Ahmedabad , Bangalore , Jaipur and Hyderabad .
But unlike in the north - east , Islamic militants have been held responsible for the explosions in mainland Indian cities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1. Yellow Honda Fit The Honda
Fit it ’s without limits and joins the line - up with the premiere of tuning firm Mugen Motorsport ’s version of Honda ’s 2008 model Fit .
1. Yellow Honda Fit
The Honda
Fit it ’s without limits and joins the line - up with the premiere of tuning firm Mugen Motorsport ’s version of Honda ’s 2008 model Fit .
Yellow Honda Fit
2. Kia KEE 2+2
From the outside to inside , the KEE is unlike anything in the current Kia range .
A squat stance and low roof - line give it the appearance of a sports car , while distinctive LED lights up front and the luminous paintjob desire for attention .
At the back is a great windscreen and a pair of cen­trally mounted exhaust pipes .
The shape of the front grille is echoed beneath the powered tailgate and highlighted by contrasting rear light clusters .
Kia KEE 2+2
3. Yellow Proton Savvy
Class : Supermini ( EU ) Subcompact ( US )
Body style(s ) : 5 - door hatchback
Engine(s ) : 1.2 L Renault D4F I4
Length : 3710 mm ( 146.1 in )
Width : 1643 mm ( 64.7 in )
Height : 1480 mm ( 58.3 in )
Curb weight : 957 kg ( 2110 lb )
Proton Savvy
4. Yellow Mazda Furai
It seems that Mazda Furai is built up on a Courage chassis that Mazda ran in the American Le Mans Series a few seasons back .
But wait , it gets better .
How about a three rotor Wankel punching out around 450 HP .
And it runs on 100 % ethanol .
Mazda Furai
Yellow Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution
Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution cars were limited by a gentleman ’s agreement to advertise no more than 286 hp ( 210 kW ) , a mark already reached by Evolution IV .
And each subsequent version has unofficially evolved above the advertised power figures , with the Japanese - spec Evolution IX reaching a real power output of around 321 PS ( 317 hp /236 kW ) .
Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution
You may be interested in :
High school students in Montgomery County , Maryland ( where , incidentally , I used to live -- go Q.O. ! ) are Photoshopping pictures of their enemy 's license plates , taping them to another car , and then speeding through areas with those automatic ticketing cameras .
Interesting ....
The Speed Camera Program was implemented in March of this year and used for the purpose of reducing traffic and pedestrian collisions in the county .
Cameras are located in residential areas and school zones where the posted speed limit is 35 miles per hour or lower .
A $ 40 citation is mailed to the owner of the car for violating the speed limit in these areas .
The ingenuity of today 's teenagers is truly awe inspiring .
They would even go as far as to borrow car 's so they would appear similar to the make and model of the car they were pranking .
Well damn .
I catch any of you jerks out there rocking paper GKLGIST plates and I 'll rear - end that ass with the force of a dump truck .
You know , because that 's what I drive .
HONK HONK !
Kids Prank using Speed Cameras [ lastgeek ]
Thanks to Bryce , who does n't drive a car because he 's too busy driving women wild .
HIYO !
The Washington Post recently published an editorial praising the city ’s charter schools , claiming that those schools ’ students outperform their public school counterparts “ not because they come from more privileged backgrounds but because the charters are free to innovate and implement practices that work . ”
The editorial pointed to an analysis the paper did that found the city ’s charter school students doing better on tests , attendance and graduation .
“ Clearly , ” the editorial argues , “ the ‘ no - excuses ’ innovations of the best charters make a difference : longer school days , summer classes , an inclusive culture of parental involvement , and the power to hire teachers who are committed to a school ’s philosophy and dismiss teachers who are n’t up to the job . ”
When it comes to schools , the private - is - better mantra is a popular one in corporate media .
But is the Post editorial ’s conclusion really so “ clear ” from the paper ’s news analysis ?
That article pointed to a big factor unmentioned by the editorial board : money .
The charters get about $ 3000 more per pupil per year than the public schools , which “ can provide a crucial advantage over traditional public schools . ”
The schools also have access to loans and grants that the public schools do n’t .
The article described some of the larger charter schools ’ multi-million dollar surpluses that have gone to hiring additional staff and high - tech equipment .
And guess what ?
“ The extra funding , it turns out , coincides with improved academic performance .
The schools with the largest surpluses have ranked at the top on test scores . ”
It ’s hard to get much clearer than that –but it seems putting more funding towards public schools is not nearly as appealing to the Post editorial board as allowing more schools to lay off teachers at will .
Here is the full translation of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's Christmas message that will be broadcast on Channel 4 tonight :
" In the Name of God the Compassionate , the Merciful .
" Upon the anniversary of the birth of Jesus , Son of Mary , the Word of God , the Messenger of mercy , I would like to congratulate the followers of Abrahamic faiths , especially the followers of Jesus Christ , and the people of Britain .
" The Almighty created the universe for human beings and human beings for Himself .
" He created every human being with the ability to reach the heights of perfection .
He called on man to make every effort to live a good life in this world and to work to achieve his everlasting life .
" On this difficult and challenging journey of man from dust to the divine , He did not leave humanity to its own devices .
He chose from those
He created the most excellent as His Prophets to guide humanity .
" All Prophets called for the worship of God , for love and brotherhood , for the establishment of justice and for love in human society .
Jesus , the Son of Mary , is the standard - bearer of justice , of love for our fellow human beings , of the fight against tyranny , discrimination and injustice .
" All the problems that have bedevilled humanity throughout the ages came about because humanity followed an evil path and disregarded the message of the Prophets .
" Now as human society faces a myriad of problems and a succession of complex crises , the root causes can be found in humanity 's rejection of that message , in particular the indifference of some governments and powers towards the teachings of the divine Prophets , especially those of Jesus Christ .
" The crises in society , the family , morality , politics , security and the economy which have made life hard for humanity and continue to put great pressure on all nations have come about because the Prophets have been forgotten , the Almighty has been forgotten and some leaders are estranged from God .
" If Christ were on earth today , undoubtedly He would stand with the people in opposition to bullying , ill - tempered and expansionist powers .
" If Christ were on earth today , undoubtedly He would hoist the banner of justice and love for humanity to oppose warmongers , occupiers , terrorists and bullies the world over .
" If Christ were on earth today , undoubtedly He would fight against the tyrannical policies of prevailing global economic and political systems , as He did in His lifetime .
" The solution to today 's problems is a return to the call of the divine Prophets .
The solution to these crises is to follow the Prophets - they were sent by the Almighty for the good of humanity .
" Today , the general will of nations is calling for fundamental change .
This is now taking place .
Demands for change , demands for transformation , demands for a return to human values are fast becoming the foremost demands of the nations of the world .
" The response to these demands must be real and true .
The prerequisite to this change is a change in goals , intentions and directions .
If tyrannical goals are repackaged in an attractive and deceptive package and imposed on nations again , the people , awakened , will stand up against them .
" Fortunately , today , as crises and despair multiply , a wave of hope is gathering momentum .
Hope for a brighter future and hope for the establishment of justice , hope for real peace , hope for finding virtuous and pious rulers who love the people and want to serve them - and this is what the Almighty has promised .
" We believe Jesus Christ will return , together with one of the children of the revered Messenger of Islam and will lead the world to love , brotherhood and justice .
" The responsibility of all followers of Christ and Abrahamic faiths is to prepare the way for the fulfilment of this divine promise and the arrival of that joyful , shining and wonderful age .
" I hope that the collective will of nations will unite in the not too distant future and with the grace of the Almighty Lord , that shining age will come to rule the earth .
" Once again , I congratulate one and all on the anniversary of the birth of Jesus Christ .
I pray for the New Year to be a year of happiness , prosperity , peace and brotherhood for humanity .
I wish you every success and happiness . "
Belfast Telegraph
( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama visited military personnel and their families enjoying Christmas dinner at a Marine Corps base in Hawaii Thursday during his holiday vacation .
President - elect Obama shakes hands with troops having Christmas dinner at a military base in Hawaii .
Obama went to Marine Corps Base Hawaii Kaneohe Bay on Oahu where he mingled with Marines and sailors .
Obama and the troops also had a traditional dinner including turkey , roast beef , ham and trimmings .
Obama , dressed casually in a blue polo shirt and dark khaki trousers , chatted casually , shook hands and posed for photos with men and women in the dining hall , which had been decorated with Christmas trees and Santa figurines .
Shortly before Obama entered the room , a Marine shouted to the crowd scattered across 25 tables , " You need to take you seats , the president - elect is going to be coming . "
Obama , who spent about an hour at the Marine base , worked his way around the room , table by table .
" Just wanted to say , ' Hi , hey guys , ' " Obama said at one point while reporters were allowed in the room .
" Hey guys , Merry Christmas , " he said to another group .
Obama also highlighted the service of the country 's military men and women now overseas in a holiday message to be broadcast on radio this Saturday .
" As we celebrate this joyous time of year , our thoughts turn to the brave men and women who serve our country far from home , " he said in the message , which was posted online Wednesday .
" Their extraordinary and selfless sacrifice is an inspiration to us all , and part of the unbroken line of heroism that has made our freedom and prosperity possible for over two centuries . "
Watch Obama 's holiday message »
More than 140,000 soldiers are currently serving in Iraq , as well as roughly 30,000 in Afghanistan .
In the broadcast message , Obama also called on Americans to " renew a sense of common purpose and shared citizenship . "
" These are also tough times for many Americans struggling in our sluggish economy , " he said .
" Now , more than ever , we must rededicate ourselves to the notion that we share a common destiny as Americans -- that I am my brother 's keeper , I am my sister 's keeper .
...
We must all do our part to serve one another ; to seek new ideas and new innovation ; and to start a new chapter for our great country . "
Obama said that notion " will guide my administration in the New Year .
If the American people come together and put their shoulder to the wheel of history , then I know that we can put our people back to work ... and reach the promise of a brighter day . "
All About Barack Obama
Researchers in Italy and Switzerland have found carbon nanotubes to be bio-compatible and that the can be attached to neurons to boost the natural signal - processing capabilities of those neurons .
“ Our findings show that carbon nanotubes , which are as good an electrical signal conductor as the nerve cells of our brain , form intimate mechanical contacts with the cellular membranes , establishing a functional link to neuronal structures , ” said University of Trieste ( Italy ) professor Laura Ballerini … … the current results explaining the biocompatibility of carbon nanotubes hold the promise of enabling permanent repairs to be made to the faulty neurons , enhancing the performance of these networks and restoring their original functions …
The researchers propose engineering carbon nanotube scaffolds as electrical bypass circuitry , not only for faulty neural networks but potentially to enhance the performance of healthy cells to provide “ superhuman ” cognitive functions .
[ Emphasis added .
From EE Times – Nanotubes shown to boost neuron signals by R. Colin Johnson . ]
There are still many obstacles to overcome , according to the story .
Keeping the nanotubes and neurons mechanically stable is one .
Also , a great deal of work remains to determine the exact details of where to attach the nanotubes and what types of signals actually create beneficial effects .
Still , this work is one more step in establishing the technology not only of cognitive improvement but also of brain / machine interfacing .
Read more about interfacing neurons and nanotubes at neuronano .
net , home of the EU - funded NEURONANO project .
The photo ( from NEURONANO ) is a neuron grown on a carbon nanotube layer .
Malaysiakini -- January 10 , 2009 --
The police have arrested 21 people , including member of parliament for Klang MP Charles Santiago and several top leaders of the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( Parti Sosialis Malaysia -- PSM , at an anti-war vigil at Dataran Merdeka , Kuala Lumpur .
The vigil was organised by Anti-War Coalition to show support to the victims of war and aggression in Palestine and Sri Lanka .
About 200 people had gathered at about 8 pm for the vigil , which was declared illegal by the police who were also present at the venue .
About 100 light strike force personnel were on hand to control and disperse the crowd .
The crowd was ordered to disperse and the 21 were arrested for their failure to leave the area .
They were then taken to the Dang Wangi district police headquarters .
They are still being held at the police station .
Among those held were Parti Sosialis Malaysia leaders Dr Nasir Hashim and S. Arutchelvan , PKR ’s Kuala Langat MP Abdullah Sani and several activists from Suaram and Jerit .
Nasir is also the Kota Damansara state assemblyperson .
Abolish ISA Movement activist Norlaila Othman was also among those arrested .
They are believed to be investigated for illegal assembly .
Small crowd at police station
Eye - witnesses told Malaysiakini that the anti-war protesters had first gathered at the Bar Council building before beginning to march towards Dataran Merdeka -- some 300 metres away .
Upon reaching the historic field , they then begun to lit their candle lights and unfurl their anti-war banners .
These were stopped by the police .
Attempts by Charles and Nasir to negotiate with the police to seek permission for a quick vigil were also turned down .
A small crowd had already gathered at the police station to show support for those arrested .
They are being watched by the Federal Reserve Unit .
This is the first time the police have acted against an anti-war vigil in recent days .
Yesterday thousands had marched to the US embassy to object the Israeli aggression in Gaza without any police intervention .
Similarly another group of protesters in Kampung Baru was also allowed to burn the US and Israeli flags in the middle of the road yesterday afternoon without any police interference .
A police mockery
Meanwhile an activist narrated to AFP on the arrests .
“ We were holding a candlelight vigil to demand the end to the killing of innocent lives in Gaza , ” said E Parameswari , 30 , an activist with Jerit , a group championing the rights of marginalised people in the country .
“ Police used force to break up the gathering and arrested the 21 people including opposition lawmakers Charles , Abdullah Sani and Nasir , ” she told AFP .
“ Police said our gathering was illegal , ” she said .
Parameswari condemned the police action , adding that the demonstrators did not provoke the police .
“ The police action is an abuse of power , ” she added .
Arutchelvan , the secretary - general of the PSM , told AFP they were being held in a police lockup .
“ Our arrest makes a mockery of the position taken by Malaysia to condemn Israel .
The way the police acted against us is no difference from the way the Israelis are treating the Palestinian people , ” he said from the police station .
PSM slams home minister ’s ‘ double standards ’
January 13 , 2009 -- The Parti Sosialis Malaysia ( PSM ) lashed out at Malaysia 's Home Minister Syed Hamid Albar over his ``double standards and lies ' ' regarding the arrest of 21 participants in last Saturday ’s anti-war candlelight vigil .
MCPX
PSM secretary - general S. Arutchelvan ( right ) said the PSM was bemused at Syed Hamid ’s attempt to defend the police ’s action , claiming that it was a ``cheap stunt ' ' aimed at creating ``disunity '' among the people .
“ Syed Hamid should stop defending the police for their shameful act which has exposed the hypocritical character of the ruling party ” , he added in a statement .
Yesterday , Syed Hamid defended the police ’s arrest of the 21 persons -- amongst whom were several parliamentary and state legislators -- on the basis that the demonstrators were allegedly not as concerned with the issue of Israeli aggression as they were about the civil war in Sri Lanka .
Apar from not having a police permit to assemble , Syed Hamid said the demonstrators had refused to disperse when ordered to do so by the police and hurled insults at the police officers on duty .
“ These people were not demonstrating on the issue of Palestinians .
They were actually demonstrating on the issue of Sri Lanka .
The placards showed they were in support of Sri Lanka .
Let us not mix the issues . ''
“ This is an occasion of tragedy and sadness , a thing that has happened in Palestine and that Israel is committing state terrorism .
Do n’t mix it up with other things , ” he said .
All races must come together
However , Arutchelvan pointed out that PSM had -- with other members of the Coalition Against War -- organised five simultaneous anti-war vigils in Kuala Lumpur , Ipoh , Seremban , Johor Baru and Penang that Saturday , of which only the Dataran Merdeka gathering was disrupted .
He also noted that the PSM -- which held numerous other anti-war gatherings since the 2003 US invasion of Iraq -- organised Saturday ’s vigil to highlight not only the deterioration of human rights in Palestine but the immense violence suffered by the common people in Sri Lanka as well .
“ We believe it will be good for non-Muslims to see the Gaza invasion not purely as a Muslim affair and , likewise for Muslims , to see the Tamil issue not purely as a Tamil issue .
“ It is only when people from different religions and ethnic groups come together can they appreciate the human values at stake in any struggle .
This is why we did not hesitate to allow both groups to come together to express their solidarity , ” he said .
On the minister ’s claim that the demonstrators had created public disorder and hurled insults at the officers on duty , Arutchelvan said this was “ a total lie ” .
“ The crowd was very orderly until the police attacked them ” , he said , adding that a police permit was not applied for because the Federal Constitution guarantees the right to freedom of assembly .
In a separate statement , grassroots movement Jerit also condemned Syed Hamid ’s “ selective and discriminative stand against war and anti-war protests ” .
Jerit activists were among the 21 who were arrested on Saturday .
The group is also a member of the Anti-War Coalition which organised the vigil .
Jerit said that contrary to the minister ’s statement that the protesters had misbehaved , it was the police who had been well prepared in their move to stop the vigil on that day .
“ When some activists went into Dataran Merdeka , the police asked them to leave or face arrest as on that day Dataran Merdeka was closed for security reason .
This happened at 7 pm .
“ Was this done in anticipation the protesters going to misbehave or was it a pre-planned action to stop the vigil as it ’s organisers were not part of Barisan Nasional ? ” , asked Jerit secretarial coordinator Y Kohila .
She added that the rally was peaceful and well organised until the police started to seize the placards and posters of the anti-war protesters while the organisers were in the midst of negotiation with the police .
“ Not only that .
Male police personnel intimidated female protesters by purposely making body contact with female protesters .
Vulgar words were used by the uniformed police officers and one policeman even threatened to slap one of the activist there . ''
“ So who misbehaved here ?
The protesters were arrested for illegal assembly and not for misbehaving .
Please get your facts right Mr Minister ” , she added .
She also said that the anti-war protest that day was not only against the attacks in Sri Lanka , but also in support of the Palestinians .
“ Who is the minister to tell us not to mix up issues ?
Why can not mix up ?
After all it is same situation - that is state terrorism and ethnic cleansing .
“ Just as the Israel is killing Palestinians , the Sri Lankan state is killing the Tamils in Sri Lanka .
“ Lots of civilians are dying in both countries and we as Malaysians and humans are genuinely concerned .
We are not like the Barisan Nasional government who only picks up certain issues for their own political mileage , '' she added .
One puny human tried to burgle the Norse God 's home , the silly mortal .
Learn how dressing up as your favorite superhero , god or gremlin could possibly save your life and your collectibles .
Advertisement
On January 1st In Edinburgh , Scotland , Torvald Alexander came home from a " costume party " dressed head to toe as Thor .
Upon entering his domain , he caught a mere mortal burglar in the act of making off with his worldly possessions .
The thief - clearly not realizing he was messing with the gods - was so scared of the 6 - foot tall Alexander dressed like a hammer - thumping crazy , he took off , according to The Daily Telegraph :
" As soon as he saw me his eyes went wide with terror , " Alexander said of the burglar .
" He looked like he had had a few drinks and decided to do a late night break in , but he had n't counted on the God of Thunder living here . "
Advertisement
The jerk did n't make off with a single item and even ran out of the house without his shoes .
So next time you get guff about your Wookie costume , tell your family you 're doing it for their protection .
It 's better than owning a gun .
Not actual Norse God or Alexander above , Picture from Make It So Marketing .
[ The Daily Telegraph via Times Of The Internet ]
The freedom of assembly “ is the individual right to come together with other individuals and collectively express , promote , pursue and defend common interests . ”
This is a widely recognized human , political and civil right .
It is explicitly guaranteed in many international human rights conventions , and many national constitutions , including the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States .
However , it is often the case that governments see the personal freedoms of their citizens as impediments , liabilities , and threats to its power .
This thrust is usually labeled “ maintaining order . ”
To this end , governments will organize specialized units of labor called police into enforcement agencies , equip them with instruments of coercion , and shield them with legal protections .
Admittedly , the realities of human nature , and the wide spectrum of observed human behavior justifies some of this effort .
In our capitalist societies , the maintenance of social order has become both an industry and an infrastructure .
When these operate to protect and even advance individual freedoms , human rights and personal safety , then they justify their methods and their existences .
This is not uniformly the case , as is too painfully obvious to many who have witnessed or endured the abuses of police and prosecutorial powers by careerists advancing their personal agendas .
For this reason , society justly demands that there be a rather intrusive oversight of police , judicial and prosecutorial professionals , and many restrictions on the technologies and methods they are allowed to use .
The purpose of a justice system of authentic social value is to achieve 100 % success at safeguarding the rights of the innocent ; it is not to achieve 100 % success at ensuring the punishment of the guilty .
The latter goal demands a continuous and significant sacrifice of innocent people .
Such sacrifice is unconscionable in any justice system that includes capital punishment .
Just where is the boundary between lawful freedom of assembly and the unlawful “ right to riot ? ”
( As an aside , we must allow for the logical possibility — even the social necessity in extreme cases like the Warsaw Ghetto and Gaza Strip — of a lawful right to riot ) .
The traditional police technologies for containing unruly assemblies , lawful and unlawful , include : megaphones ( public address systems ) , truncheons ( sticks ) , plastic shields and body armor , deployment on horseback , high pressure jets of water , tear - gas and small arms fire .
In more recent times , lightly armored assault vehicles ( police tanks ) have also been deployed .
Over the years , police responses to public assemblies have caused fatalities of innocents , spurring research to arm police with minimally - lethal technology that is effective at social control .
From such efforts came the mechanical technologies of water jets ( fire hoses ) , tear - gas bombs and sprays , rubberized truncheons , and most recently rubber bullets .
Also , electrostatics was exploited to devise the Tasers in use today .
Viewed from an authoritarian perspective , these are certainly improvements over straightforward military firepower , but still , people have been badly injured and killed by these “ softer ” forms of coercion .
The conundrum of finding gentle coercive force technologies against public assemblies is now seeking its answer through electronic technologies , specifically microwave and laser broadcast power .
The National Institute for Justice , the research arm ( or “ Q Branch , ” in James Bond parlance ) of the US Department of Justice , is now testing candidate systems of assembly dispersal and control .
Police forces will eventually be equipped with centimeter - wave microwave beam broadcast systems , similar to one devised by the US Army , to heat skin at a distance and elicit a flight reaction .
A second , and better developed device of remote control torture is a bulky “ rifle ” that combines visible light and infrared lasers to incapacitate people by blinding them for a period of time ( “ dazzlers “ ) , as well as being able to heat skin uncomfortably .
Obviously , any non-lethal form of coercion is more easily used as an instrument of torture , for example during arrests , interrogations , and in prisons .
The surreptitious and deniable misuse of such weapons by rogue law enforcement individuals would be harder to detect because of the minimal aftereffects .
Both the convenience of remote control torture and the absence of lasting physical evidence of its occurrence make these insidious weapons of authoritarian control over personal freedom as envisioned by the contemporaries of Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine .
The best protection against such weapons would be the elevation of the social consciousness and political maturity of the citizens , generally , to achieve a greater sense of community , to both : ensure popular political power over the control and enforcement agencies of government , and to populate those agencies with individuals whose first allegiance is the protection of people ’s freedoms rather than the protection of government power and its careerists .
Otherwise , we are burning away the actuality of the First Amendment .
We are trimming our right of assembly to self - contained gatherings that cause no political disturbance , to virtual assemblies on the internet that create little notice , that cannot offer the challenge to entrenched power that is carried by the actual massed presence of our physical selves , united .
I got the idea from Ιδιώνυμο of Plagal who is asking people to post their own hooded pictures in opposition to suggestions for criminalizing anonymity through disguise .
I do not know how true these suggestions are as no references are provided but I liked the idea nonetheless and decided to join and spread the word .
Personally I ’m doing it in solidarity to the Hoodies in the Greek riots who are demonized by the mass media as mindless vandals , violent fringe elements and whatnot .
This act , is miniscule by itself compared to all those people who were and are on the streets , in the schools , in the occupied building etc , but it is something I can do from another country .
So , first it was Vrypan
Who I do not think did it with the same purpose in mind .
Then it was Plagal
And now it ’s me :
The rest is up to you .
Join in with your own pics .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Banks and other lenders nationwide , seeking to reduce their debt exposure , are shutting off and limiting consumer credit card lines , even for many customers who carry low balances and pay on time .
As much as $ 2 trillion in consumer credit - nearly half of what is available - could be rescinded , according to an estimate by a prominent banking analyst .
Just two years ago , institutions were handing out liberal borrowing lines to almost anyone .
But now , drowning in debt and soured investments , lenders are seeking to stop consumers from running up big balances in hard times , bills they might not be able to pay .
The credit squeeze does n't just limit spending potential ; it can also damage cardholders ' credit ratings by making them appear to be riskier borrowers .
And in many cases , the institutions pulling back on credit took government bailout funds that were supposed to encourage them to lend more freely .
Diana Lawton , a 44 - year - old freelance writer in Chelmsford , is one of those being affected by the change in credit - line policies .
She said American Express Co. called her last week to say her two charge cards - one personal , one for business - had been frozen pending a " financial review . "
Lawton , who had been using the personal card since 1988 , said she was stunned .
The company offered no explanation , accord ing to Lawton , but told her she could apply for reinstatement by submitting two years of income tax returns , along with three months of pay stubs and bank records .
Outraged at having to undergo a 10 - day investigation of her finances , Lawton canceled the cards .
" I know the economy 's bad , " she said , " but this is just shocking to me . "
American Express , which has received $ 3.4 billion in federal bailout money , declined to discuss Lawton 's situation .
Lisa A. Gonzalez , a company spokeswoman , said that on " isolated occasions " it asks card members to provide financial information .
" Though we continually look at the credit limits we offer card members and review them on a case - by - case basis , we are being more targeted in response to economic conditions , " Gonzalez said .
" This may also include cancellations . "
Most bankers wo n't offer details about the cutbacks , but acknowledge they are happening .
Betty Reiss , a spokeswoman for Bank of America Corp. , the nation 's second - largest card issuer , said , " We 're taking a more aggressive look at accounts in order to control risk in the current environment . "
The bank is one of the biggest recipients of federal bailout funds - $ 45 billion .
As far back as July , 60 percent of card issuers reported they were constricting lines of credit , according to Javelin Strategy & Research , a Pleasanton , Calif. , firm that tracks the credit card industry .
And a Federal Reserve Bank survey in October , the latest available , found the same portion of bankers reporting tighter lending standards on credit cards .
As released by TheNewFrontiersman :
This excerpt from a 1970 edition of NBS Nightly News ( anchored by NBS stalwart Ted Philips ) features a special report from co-anchor Jim Sizemore looking back at ten years of Dr Manhattan .
Duration
3 min 3 sec
Views
81,160
Posted On
January 21 , 2009 Director
Zack Snyder
Writer
David Hayter
Studio
Warner Bros Pictures
Release
March 6 , 2009 Cast
Patrick Wilson
Jackie Earle Haley
Matthew Goode
Billy Crudup
Jeffrey Dean Morgan Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Warner Bros. Pictures
Comicbook
Sirtuins are involved in longevity assurance in organisms as evolutionarily diverse as yeast , worms , and mice .
All members of the family have homology to histone deacetylases ( HDACs ) , but each protein has unique characteristics as well .
Individual family members have distinct tissue expression profiles , subcellular localization , and substrate specificity .
Over the past few years , we ’ve begun to learn a great deal about the specific targets and interactions of each sirtuin , and how these interaction contribute to their functions in prolonging lifespan .
The SIRT6 protein , one of seven sirtuins encoded by mammalian genomes , came onto biogerontologists ’ radar with a report from Katrin Chua ‘s group that its histone H3K9 deacetylase activity is required to maintain telomeric chromatin in a healthy state .
Furthermore , SIRT6 is required for the proper localization of the Werner ’s syndrome protein , WRN , to telomeres : in the absence of SIRT6 , the WRN - telomere association becomes unstable , recapitulating several of the cellular phenotypes of Werner ’s progeria .
( SIRT6 is n’t the only sirtuin involved in WRN biology : SIRT1 , the most well - studied member of the family , appears to directly deacetylate WRN ) .
A second association between SIRT6 and aging has been revealed by a new study from the Chua lab : SIRT6 associates with the transcription factor NF - κB and deacetylates histones at NF - κB - bound promoters , causing them to become less active .
Genetic suppression studies suggest that SIRT6 ’s influence on lifespan might be primarily mediated by NF - κB. Kawahara et al. :
SIRT6 Links Histone H3 Lysine 9 Deacetylation to NF - κB - Dependent Gene Expression and Organismal Life Span Members of the sirtuin ( SIRT ) family of NAD - dependent deacetylases promote longevity in multiple organisms .
Deficiency of mammalian SIRT6 leads to shortened life span and an aging - like phenotype in mice , but the underlying molecular mechanisms are unclear .
Here we show that SIRT6 functions at chromatin to attenuate NF - κB signaling .
SIRT6 interacts with the NF - κB RELA subunit and deacetylates histone H3 lysine 9 ( H3K9 ) at NF - κB target gene promoters .
In SIRT6 - deficient cells , hyperacetylation of H3K9 at these target promoters is associated with increased RELA promoter occupancy and enhanced NF - κB - dependent modulation of gene expression , apoptosis , and cellular senescence .
Computational genomics analyses revealed increased activity of NF - κB - driven gene expression programs in multiple Sirt6 - deficient tissues in vivo .
Moreover , haploinsufficiency of RelA rescues the early lethality and degenerative syndrome of Sirt6 - deficient mice .
We propose that SIRT6 attenuates NF - κB signaling via H3K9 deacetylation at chromatin , and hyperactive NF - κB signaling may contribute to premature and normal aging .
NF - κB has been widely implicated in the aging process , especially in the context of inflammatory transcription resulting in “ inflammaging . ”
Indeed , a very recent study has suggested that knocking down NF - κB activity is sufficient to reverse the effects of chronological aging in the skin , at least at the level of gene expression , possibly by blocking inflammatory transcription and allowing the tissue ’s natural regenerative capacity to proceed without obstacle .
As with the WRN story , this is n’t the first time a sirtuin has been implicated in regulating the activity of NF - κB — but also as with WRN , the mechanisms of sirtuin action are distinct .
Studies of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have revealed that SIRT1 directly deacetylates NF - κB , reducing its activity .
In contrast , SIRT6 appears to associated with NF - κB but then exploit this interaction to “ follow ” the transcription factor to promoters , where it deacetylates histone H3K9 and facilitates formation of a closed or inactive chromatin state .
Kind of a neat team : SIRT1 directly deacetylates proteins of interest , while SIRT6 acts in the same location but operates on chromatin .
Working together , the proteins may well have greater than additive impact .
Thus , there is partial redundancy of ultimate function , even though the proteins operate via different mechanisms .
This might actually make it easier to intervene favorably in the affected processes , if separate agonists of SIRT1 and SIRT6 end up having a synergistic effect at target promoters ( and telomeres ) .
( There ’s also a nice preview / summary piece in the same issue of Cell , by Gioacchino Natoli . )
Guest blogger Gavin Starks is founder and CEO of AMEE , a neutral aggregation platform designed to measure and track all the energy data in the world .
Gavin has a background in Astrophysics and over 15 years Internet development experience .
We ’re all aware of the emotive language used to polarize the climate change debate .
There are , however , deeper patterns which are repeated across science as it interfaces with politics and media .
These patterns have always bothered me , but they ’ve never been as “ important ” as now .
We are entering an new era of seismic change in policy , business , society , technology , finance and our environment , on a scale and speed substantially greater than previous revolutions .
The sheer complexity of these interweaving systems is staggering .
Much of this change is being driven by “ climate science ” , and in the communications maelstrom there is a real risk that we further alienate “ science ” across the board .
We need more scientists with good media training ( and presenting capability ) to change the way that all sciences are represented and perceived .
We need more journalists with deeper science training – and the time and space to actually communicate across all media .
We need to present uncertainty clearly , confidently and in a way that does n’t impede our decision - making .
On the climate issue , there are some impossible levers to contend with ;
Introducing any doubt into the climate debate stops any action that might combat our human impact .
Introducing “ certainty ” undermines our scientific method and its philosophy .
When represented in political , public and media spaces , these two levers undermine every scientific debate and lead to bad decisions .
Pascal ’s
Wager is often invoked , and this is entirely reasonable in this case .
It is reasonable because of what ’s at stake : the risk of mass extinction events .
If there is a probability that anthropogenic climate change will cause the predicted massive interventions in our ecosystem , then we have to act .
The nature of our actions must be commensurate with both the cause and the effect .
The causes are many : population , production , consumption – as are the effects : war , poverty , scarcity , etc .
Our interventions will use all our means to address both cause and effect , and those actions will run deep .
Equally , we must allow science to do what it ’s designed to do : measure , model , analyse and predict .
From a scientific perspective we must allow more room for theories to evolve , otherwise we ’ll only prove what we ’re looking for .
However , if we ignore the potential need to act , the consequences are not something anyone will want to see .
It ’s not something we can fix later ( for me , “ geo-engineering ” is not a fix , it ’s a pre-infected band - aid ) .
Given the massive complexity of the issues , and that – really – anthropogenic climate change is only one of many “ peak consumption ” issues that we face , there is no way we can accurately communicate all the arguments that would lead to mass understanding .
However , the complexity issues are no different from those we face in politics .
They are not solvable , but they are addressable .
We can communicate the potential outcomes , and the decisions that individuals need to make in order to impact the causes .
Ultimately it ’s your personal choice .
My choice is based on my personal exposure to the science , business , data , policy , media , and broader issues around sustainability .
That choice is to do my best to catalyse change as
fast as I possibly can .
We all need to actively engage in improving communication , so that everyone – potentially everyone on Earth – can make informed choices about the future of the planet we inhabit .
—
Recommended reading :
http://www.realclimate.org/
is a great resource .
Today , the UK Government launched a campaign “ to create a more science literate society , highlighting the science and technology based industries of the future ”
DEFAULT
London ’s 2012 Olympic Games have already been entangled in one censorship controversy .
But measures that will be in force during the game themselves pose a far greater threat to free expression , says Aileen McColgan
In October 2005 the Sunday Times reported that ‘ [ a ] s many as 55,000 members of the “ Olympic family ” , including ministers , media and corporate sponsors ’ would be permitted to make use of dedicated road lanes in London during the 2012 games , while other drivers faced being herded into the remaining lanes — with £ 5,000 fines for those who rebelled .
The legal powers in question were to be created by the London Olympics and Paralympics Bill as it then was .
According to the article , among those benefitting from the special lanes would be around 12,000 corporate sponsors and their guests .
Politburo - like transport privileges are not the only corporate gifts to be found in what is now the London Olympic Games and Paralympic Games Act 2006 .
Section 19 of the Act provides a legal basis for the executive regulation of advertising ‘ in the vicinity of London Olympic events ’ .
Of particular concern to some , the Act provides that the regulations ‘ may apply in respect of advertising of any kind ’ , including non-commercial advertising and ‘ announcements or notices of any kind ’ .
‘ Advertising ’ may include ‘ the distribution or provision of documents or articles ’ , ‘ the display or projection of words , images , lights or sounds ’ , and ‘ things done with or in relation to material which has or may have purposes or uses other than as an advertisement ’ .
The executive is empowered by the Act to impose obligations on the owners and occupiers of properties , and breach of the regulations will be an offence punishable by an unlimited fine .
Further , the police will be entitled forcibly to enter property to ‘ remove , destroy , conceal or erase ’ anything deemed inconsistent with the advertising regulations .
The Act ’s provisions on advertising are objectionable because they cede to the executive the power to make draconian rules , rather than risking parliamentary vote on the content of those rules .
The threat of ‘ ambush marketing ’ ( as at the 1996 Atlanta Games , when Nike swamped the area around the Olympic sites with advertising to the chagrin of Adidas , an official sponsor ) may well justify some restrictions .
Indeed so dependent is the International Olympic Committee on sponsorship ( worth around £ 200 million a year in 2005 ) that it imposes stiff requirements on host nations to deal with this threat .
London has already secured all the billboards around the Olympic sites for official sponsors .
But the Olympic
Act would provide a legal basis for the criminalisation of those wearing Pepsi Cola T - shirts or Burger King baseball caps ( Coca - Cola and McDonald ’s being official sponsors ) .
This is objectionable enough .
But the extension of ‘ advertising ’ to include non-commercial advertising and ‘ announcements or notices of any kind ’ is worse again , covering as it would the display of a notice protesting against sponsors ’ labour practices , or their contributions to global warming or the epidemic of obesity .
Further , advertising restrictions may apply well beyond Olympic arenas to , for example , the front windows of private homes in the vicinity of the games .
The prospect of heavy - handed coppers breaking down front doors to remove offending posters in the bay windows of private homes is perhaps alarmist .
It is , however , within the contemplation of the Olympic Act .
The Olympic
Act carries obvious implications for freedom of speech .
Any regulations passed under it will be subject to the European Convention on Human Rights , given effect to in the UK by the Human Rights Act 1998 , and in particular to Article 10 thereof .
That article , which protects the right to freedom of expression , allows restrictions that are ‘ necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of [ amongst others ] national security , territorial integrity or public safety … [ and ] the protection of the reputation or the rights of others ’ .
It is doubtful whether the protection of corporate sponsors against competition in the form of the occasional T - shirt or baseball hat , or the gagging of their critics , falls within the permissible limits on free speech .
It is a matter for regret , however , that the Olympic Act has created the scope for regulations which will exercise an extraordinary chilling effect on freedom of expression , subject to eventual Human Rights
Act challenge to them by individuals sufficiently robust and resourceful to tolerate the prospect of criminal conviction .
Aileen McColgan is a professor of law at King ’s College , London
Japan had requested a port closure from Australia that would ban Sea Shepherd from their ports , claiming that the anti-whaling group should be treated like pirates due to their aggressive tactics .
[ social_buttons ]
“ The Steve Irwin will be permitted to dock at an Australian port , ” said Acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard .
“ There is insufficient reason to prevent the Steve Irwin from doing that . ”
Japan has recently accused Sea Shepherd of ramming one of their ships , and later interfering with the search for a lost crew member .
They had previously refused Sea Shepherd ’s help in that search .
Sea Shepherd Captain Paul Watson reportedly made the decision to dock in Tasmania as a test of the Australian government ’s opinion on their activities .
A message posted on the Sea Shepherd website this weekend said that “ Although the ship is as close to Puntarenas , Chile as it is to Hobart , Tasmania and even closer to Dunedin , New Zealand , Capt .
Paul Watson has decided that the ship will return to Australia . ”
“ We ’re not concerned , ” Watson said .
“ We ’ve got a lot of Australians on our crew .
There ’s no way they could ban us . ”
However , Japan has successfully had Sea Shepherd banned from other countries in the past , and convinced both Belize and the United Kingdom to revoke the ships ’ registration since 2005 .
The ships are now registered in Holland .
Photo Credit : Sea Shepherd
( CNN ) -- " Knight " good , Night bad .
The late Heath Ledger plays the Joker in " The Dark Knight , " the No. 1 box - office hit of the year .
That was the upshot of the responses from CNN.com users when asked what their favorite -- and least favorite -- movies of 2008 were .
" The Dark Knight , " the blockbuster continuation of the Batman saga , was named the best movie of the year by several respondents , while M. Night Shyamalan 's " The Happening , " the latest film by the onetime " Sixth Sense " wunderkind , was roundly hooted .
Though the praise for " Dark Knight " was largely uniform , with occasional fanboy - ish enthusiasm -- " Why is there any discussion ? " asked JMF -- the derision for " The Happening " was varied and brutal .
" ' The Happening ' had a terribly high disappointment factor due to my expectations that it would be as good as ' The Sixth Sense , ' " Kelley wrote .
" I only saw this because my wife and I were over at a friend 's house , and for some reason he really wanted to watch it .
I had given up on [ Shyamalan ] long ago .
... I expected nothing , " Justin wrote .
" What I saw was probably the worst written script and one of the most ridiculous stories I have ever seen in a movie .
I ask you , why is this guy still allowed to make movies ?
...
Why ?
Why ? "
Given " The Happening 's " mediocre box office , which followed the mediocre box office for Shyamalan 's " Lady in the Water , " studio executives might be wondering the same thing .
Watch some of the year 's biggest bombs »
Many commenters agreed with CNN.com 's Tom Charity that " WALL- E " was the movie of the year .
Read Charity 's list of bests and worsts
" Any movie that could convey so much using a machine who is more human than the actual humans ... this movie deserves a best picture nod , " Mandy T. wrote .
Claire , however , disagreed .
" I could BARELY sit through this movie .
The second time I saw it was on an airplane , which helped me go to sleep faster . "
Claire , there are a couple CNN.com staffers you should meet .
" Twilight , " the vampire tale based on the bestselling book series , which was awaited by some moviegoers with an eagerness that rivaled a " Harry Potter " film , lived up to expectations for its fans .
" My husband , kids and I have seen ' Twilight ' six times in the theater .
No other movie got us to go out twice , let alone six times , " Tristen wrote .
Watch some of the year 's biggest hits »
Do n't Miss Original blog post : Everybody 's a critic
" Finally a movie that is not marketed to 14 - year - old boys whose standard of entertainment equals people getting naked and stuff getting blown up , " Laurie added .
Samlam , who did not give his age , had a few words for " Twilight " fans , however .
" [ It 's ] a film for wannabe goth girls looking for sappy romance and no substance , " he wrote .
In general , films tended to receive mostly raves -- " Slumdog Millionaire , " " Frost / Nixon , " " Milk , " " Let the Right One In " and " Iron Man " were others named as favorites -- or pans , such as " Max Payne , " " Love Guru , " " The Day the Earth Stood Still " ( " Note to studios .
If you 're going to remake a film , you should try and make it as good if not better than the original , " wrote Amber ) and " 10,000 B.C. "
But some films made both lists -- none more so , it appeared , than " The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . "
" AWESOME , " D.W. wrote
" The acting [ was ] top drawer .
Sets and set dressing incredible , " Clyde wrote .
But those who did n't like it , loathed it .
" If not the worst , easily [ the ] biggest disappointment for me was ' The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , ' " Scott McGinley wrote .
" Despite amazing art direction and cinematography , [ Brad ]
Pitt was completely emotionally flat .
It felt like ' Meet Joe Black ' rips off ' Forrest Gump . '
What a let - down . "
" I believe that there are so many ' critics ' that say this is a work of art that the general audience convinces itself that it must be , " Chris wrote .
The nation 's movie critics are equally divided .
Charity put it in his top 10 ; the Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan panned it , writing , " [ It 's ] as enervating as it is long -- and at 2 hours and 47 minutes , it is quite long . "
Other films that divided CNN.com users included " Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " and " Hancock . "
Indeed , both major Will Smith movies of 2008 -- " Hancock " and the tearjerker " Seven Pounds " -- inspired both praise and hostility , with some finding them enjoyable and others finding them ludicrous .
Though CNN.com 's commenters are an admittedly small sample , their picks indicated the breadth of movies out there and the strong desire to be moved , provoked or simply entertained for two hours .
Above all , their comments emphatically suggested that they expect value for their time and money .
If a trailer looks bad , or reviews -- whether from those in the media or from friends -- are bad , people wo n't go .
Or , at least , they 'll try not to go .
" I agree with another poster that I can't say I 'd spend money on the worst movies , " Gabe wrote , " but unfortunately for me , I saw Vin Diesel 's apocalyptic movie , ' Babylon A.D. , ' and wanted to ask Vin personally for my money back . "
Mr. Diesel , you 've been warned .
All About Movies
READER COMMENTS ON
" Long Lines , Machine Failures Greet Early Voters , CNN Reporter , in Florida "
( 20 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:04 am PT ...
http://blog.dispatch.com...blasts_obama_comme.shtml
" I would just like to know what you can say to reassure us that this election will not be rigged or stolen ? " a woman asked Obama at an economic forum at Kent State University 's Tuscarawas campus in New Philadelphia .
" Well , I tell you what , it helps in Ohio that we 've got Democrats in charge of the machines , " Obama replied --- adding quickly that he is from Chicago , where Democrats have been accused of rigging votes in the past .
[ Ed Note : I 've been Googling this quote , and aside from blog posts linking it or talking about it , there seems only to be this op - ed piece which was based on an op - ed piece in a paper whose server is n't responding to this link .
In other words : the source is suspicious as hell .
And I think if he actually said this he would have been joking .
I mean , think about it .
The guy is n't brain dead , whatever you think of him . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:05 am PT ...
I think Obama 's Executive Order # 1 should institute a national ballot standard , mandate HAND counting of all ballots , establish a national registration standard ( unambiguous and interpretation - proof by pesky SOS's ) ... and declare Election Day a national holiday so everyone can go and vote without missing work .
Everyone has the right to vote .
Every vote must be counted .
Period .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... redski said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:17 am PT ...
What a damn scam these voting machines are .
I can't believe we as Americans are letting them sneak by with this .
I say we start burning the damn things .
McCain would just be another US figurehead falsely representing the American commonwealth , where in fact he would be representing Daddy Bush , and his blokes , and there Corporate Free - Trading New World Order .
Notice October 20 , 2008 news about “ W ” pushing forward for more free - trade agreements .
Funny how all this is happening on his old George 's watch .
It seems almost as if he just looks the other way .
Then acts sorry and how he is going to find a solution , NOT !
Free Trade for American ’s = Bend over America !
= more junk from other countries in Walmart = loss of American Jobs = Big Fat Bank & Insurance Contolling CEOs shitting down our economy 's throat as they get rewarded for the fine job of weakening Americans a little more Just as our sons & daughters , brothers , sisters , cousins , fathers , and mothers are dumped over in IRAQ and Afghanistan , over Bushit Ideologies , as they might be losing their homes .
What a freaking mess , that we Americans have let ourselves become so ‘ bamboozled ’ !
I think we better get Mad and wake up fast , vote for Obama / Biden , and lock up our borders a ‘ lil more , do n’t support N.W.O. free trade , Boycott the Banks , Walmart and the other big fat Global Institutions that sell dominantly foreign goods that destroy our economy , small businesses , and take jobs away from Americans , support and create our own technology and markets , trade mostly amongst ourselves with a little Overseas trade , boycott computer voting machines that do n't have a paper trail , and kick the ‘ MFs ’ that are n’t good for this Country to the fuck ’in Curb !
Time to buck up and clean up .
Once we 've done this then we can reconstruct and develop new Fair trade agreements with other countries .
Or else embrace the fact that many American ’s might end up living in ‘ Shantytowns ’ again or worse , which is not far off .
It happened once it can happen again , do n't fool yourselves .
And besides , if you want to take over a country gorilla style what do you do ?
You weaken their military defense by sending them off to a long war , and you obliterate their economy , and spread and rule them by fear .
Kinda sounds familiar eh ?
This shit did n't happen by accident ... it was planned and it 's happening for a reason .
I know I sound mad !
Because I am , I am American , Native American .
And I ’ll be damned if I ’m gonna just stand around and let these assholes sell us into Global Domination and slavery .
My Brother , My Sister , My Friends , Americans it 's time to wake up and get MAD , do n’t fear , fight back for your right to live a decent life .
Pay attention !
The real war is the us against the tyrannical N.W.O Globalizational
Free trade elitists that do n’t give a damn about you or me or the poor starving masses around the World .
Damn !
It is the year 2008 BC , time to evolve up to times and make this World more of a Utopia like it can be and quit allowing a stupid piece of paper or plastic control our lives and supress technology .
Fuck Scarcity .. there can be plenty for all to have a good life , good health , food , water , home , and education .
And Live truly civilized .
Oh .. and by the way .
Do n’t worry about oil anymore ..
As of right now .. it is only ‘ black Shit ’ in the ground .
Their is a new fuel that is way cheaper , richer than hydrogen , burns clean ( actually emits oxygen , water vapor , and very little CO2 ) , and is safer than fossil fuels or any other type gas .
You can run it in “ gas/ natural gas hybrid " cars ( and they run great on it ) , you can fuel generators , vaporize waste and waste water to make the fuel , and heat and power your homes , and even cook with it .
It was discovered here in America by accident in late 1800 ’s first by Hilliary Eldridge , who got the first patent in 1898 ( look him up ) .
Then a better system was re-patented by William H. Richardson Jr. , then again by Prof.
Ruggero Maria Santilli ( who actually took it from Richardson to claim as his own , but did define it more and improved it very little ) .
It ’s been dubbed by different names such as Aquafuel , and MagneGas .
It ’s the real thing !
If you do n’t believe just look it up and search the names and patents .
Then you will probably figure out how to make it yourself .
It is easy to make .
And now it is being developed and sold to many corporations , governments , and countries overseas by R.M. Santilli , but only the waste vaporization units which also create the gas as fuel .
Which we have since improved , so watch out Santilli , be good , and do the right thing , we are watching , or we will make your item defunked and old news .
This is what we need to make the World a little better for all .
No more Oil… no more noxious gases in the air and water .. no more landfills of sewage … cheap fuel .. inexpensive power off the grid .
Hmm .. wonder what is gonna become of the electric companies and oil companies , and the World Globalization Banks , who I guarantee you are surprised and sketching plans to control it right this moment , but they will not win .
Because you now have this Info and by it you will see how to easily make it .
The Voltage ,
The current , the arc from the two carbons under the water , forming the gas as it bubbles up , that is a new type of gas ( not hydrogen ) .
As you will soon see , this changes the game .
The energy we ’ve all been waiting for is here , given to us by God from a lighting Arc across a wrecked coal train within the lake in 1895 , as a gift from a messenger to fare through these times , to have the power to nourish poor nations , to turn a dry patch of land into an oasis of fruitful bounty , to liberate us from the evil World Controllers , who want us to buy into their false God ( the Gold God , the Oil , the Dollar ) !
We just need to embrace this gift .
And learn to respect and appreciate each other and our Home , this gleaming watery globe we call Earth .
Goodluck !
Mahpia Sha Gleska “ Red Ski ” Lakota Sioux
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Karen said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:39 am PT ...
As a poll worker in 2006 I saw many persons bring in their absentee ballots .
We did count them and I am planning to do this year .
Benefits are many , once you get the form , it means the registration is all fine .
Then , secondly , your vote is on paper AND you can photocopy for your own receipt before bringing in .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Karen said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:45 am PT ...
7:45 AM PDT caller ' Wendy ' into the Stephanie Miller Show is a poll worker in Cook County , Florida .
She had some big bully trying to pass himself off as an ' election judge ' badgering her to get rid of literature that was per the laws there far enough from the door .
He threatened her with the police .
She retorted with what she knew were her rights .
He left and she continued to investigate .
No one else there knew him other than by his first name ' Ken ' .
Then they said , 'he 's new . ' -
Who knows , thank goodness we have a centralized place to report these incidents right here on Bradblog.com
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Karen said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:50 am PT ...
Just a word about that long Robert Wexler letter , apparently he does n't know that provisional ballots really do not get counted , at least not where I was a poll worker .
We were told that we had to tell people not at their own polling place that they did have the option of using a provisional ballot .
We were NOT allowed to tell them that it most likely would not be counted .
I was told that they were bundled but sat in purgatory in the event that if the vote had not been decided with the other ballots , then perhaps the provisionals were but that in effect , these really were not going to count at all - and we were not able to tell the voter this .
I felt horrible a number of times as they looked me in the eye depending on me and I tried ... with my eyes to tell them No- get out of here and find your real polling place !
but had I said that allowed , I would have been asked to leave .
[ Ed Note : Please do not double post comments , especially long ones . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/22/2008 @ 7:53 am PT ...
he -he , Ken Kornfield from Raw Story ?
Another good piece over at Saloon :
Where the GOP could get dirty From Ohio to Florida to Montana , here 's where Republicans may be using voter suppression tactics to tilt the presidential election
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Vance said on 10/22/2008 @ 8:49 am PT ...
I have the same thought as you , Brad .
Apparently , four years of investigative reporting on the part of bradblog is n't enough to get the attention of the DNC .
With radio shows , tv appearances , and undoubtedly numerous individuals within the Obama campaign stopping by to read the blog , no one following this election closely can claim ignorance to the problems with electronic voting machines .
With all that money they 've raised , I find it difficult to believe that not a dollar of it is being used to investigate vote suppression via the voting machine ...
Or maybe , someone there is doing something about it , its just not at the level where it makes CNN headlines .
Maybe the strategy is more covert .
There are other battlegrounds besides the blogosphere and / or the news outlets .
In my mind , I can see where it is more advantageous to wage this battle out of sight , with no apparent trace back to the DNC .
The right wingers do not have a monopoly on people who play " hardball " .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... John Dowd said on 10/22/2008 @ 9:10 am PT ...
The Republicans have a track record of accusing their opponents of what they themselves are about to do .
It 's a Rove thing .
Puts the opponent on the defensive and makes it lots harder to have accusations made the other way taken seriously ( at least by the loyal dupes ) because it all becomes so much " he said , she said ... "
So it was no accident that McCain , in the third debate , accused Acorn of trying to " destroy the fabric of democracy " in the last debate .
That 's what the Republicans are up to .
If you notice , it 's already shredded almost beyond recognition .
That 's all .
But hey , nothing to see here , eh MSM ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Marzi said on 10/22/2008 @ 9:24 am PT ...
Maybe Obama is just another John Kerry who does n't care about the real election process , and wo n't challenge GOP stealing .
Thanks for diatribe from Red Ski form Dakota Sioux - I agree with your anger .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/22/2008 @ 10:24 am PT ...
Marzi ~
Believe you me John " Horse Face " Kerry is paying the price for his invigilance of election fraud in polls Perhaps his legacy as well .
I will not pull the lever for him this time ...
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/22/2008 @ 10:43 am PT ...
Zarilla is full of shit .
Three hours to vote on a machine that never counts all foobar ?
It only took him three minutes .
It only takes me three minutes .. heh heh .
Does he have evidence it took three hours ?
A three hour video ?
Or a three minute video ?
heh heh .
What are these CNN pukes talking about .
Electronics are not being exploited to screw up the election .
Zarilla would have had that under an electron microscope destructively reverse engineering the logic in the chips at the doping level ?
Machines do n't break , they do n't have backdoors , or malware code , how many fucking pieces of broken machine did Zarilla pick up off the floor ?
Zarilla 's a Fucking liar .
What with a name like Zarilla must be a voter fraud name right ?
Should have been purged off the rolls , and causing all that interference with cameras and public oversight .
Electronic voting machines are good .
Electronic tabulation devices are flawless .
Optical scanners never make mistakes .
Memory cards never have virii .
Power never fluctuates .
RF can't interfere with these protected boxen .
Oh wait ..
For a second there I thought I was a FASCIST .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... jacki penny said on 10/22/2008 @ 10:55 am PT ...
an analogy : dogs are known for their fierce loyalty , loving spirit & a blind forgiveness of their master 's mistakes .
even a dog that has been treated unfairly will still cling to a cruel handler .
a good dog , after much abuse will still lie down at his master 's feet - grateful .
sadder still , a beaten down dog becomes " grateful to be grateful " .
if all dogs could choose their care givers based on trust & a love of mutual ideals then those creatures could live out their lives in peace .
all the while knowing that their well being was looked after by smart , hard working watchers who had their best interests at heart .
they say that dog is man 's best friend , but there are many more sayings about underdogs rising to the challenge .
a happening occurs when the primal , survival aspect of the brain wakes up & says " no more ! " so ( in the words of my 11 yr. old nephew ) wazzup , Dog ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 10/22/2008 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
Some of you people are hurting my brain .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/22/2008 @ 4:44 pm PT ...
Oneguy # 1 and 99 ,
The NYPost printed a story Sept. 3 , 2008 with that " quote " -- NY Post Article [ Rick ] Davis [ John McCain 's campaign manager ] told the Washington Post this week : " This election is not about issues .
This election is about a composite view of what people take away from these candidates . "
Obama got asked whether the election will be " rigged or stolen , " and quipped : " I tell you , it helps in Ohio that we 've got Democrats in charge of the machines .
But look , I come from Chicago , so I want to be honest . …
It 's not as if it 's just Republicans who have monkeyed round on elections in the past .
Democrats have too . "
So - did Rick Davis relay that " quote " from Obama ?
We know all about the New York Post .
This is a question for the Obama Campaign Headquarters to FactCheck on .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/22/2008 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
No , well then , it was as part of a joke , that I saw him do somewhere , and these bozos just tweaked it a little to make it sound ominous .
Typical .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/22/2008 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
I 'm trying to find video of the quote - it may be in this speech [ with question & answer ]
Obama gave at Kent State " Women and the Economy " Kent State Sept. 3 , 2008 Video time - about 1 hr .
Good speech !
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/22/2008 @ 5:25 pm PT ...
Found it !!
Listen to Obama take the question and respond with the " quote " at 34:23 .
Kent State Sept. 3 , 2008
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Karen said on 10/22/2008 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
What Obama is doing : Lawyers Needed Voter Protection Click this link to join : http://my.barackobama.com/page/s/vpcvol2
Per Thom Hartmann show :
Any problems with election fraud ?
Call 866 our-vote ; see www.866ourvote.org
Also - just sitting around , want to help us cancel smears on the net ?
click here http://smearbusters.org and get comic book to bring to polls at http://www.stealbackyourvote.com
Lastly , keep yourself up to date on all these matters by listening to progressive radio live on the internet or in podcasts at the listen now tab on http:www.green960.com
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 10/23/2008 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
Shippensburg , PA – January 28 , 2009 – A new study in the journal Social Science Quarterly examined the relationship between first name popularity in adolescents and tendency to commit crime .
Results show that , regardless of race , juveniles with unpopular names are more likely to engage in criminal activity .
David E. Kalist and Daniel Y. Lee of Shippensburg University analyzed state data by comparing the first names of male juvenile delinquents to the first names of male juveniles in the population .
Researchers constructed a popularity - name index ( PNI ) for each name .
For example , the PNI for Michael is 100 , the most frequently given name during the period .
The PNI for David is 50 , a name given half as frequently as Michael .
The PNI is approximately 1 for names such as Alec , Ernest , Ivan , Kareem , and Malcolm .
The least popular names were associated with juvenile delinquency among both blacks and whites .
While the names are likely not the cause of crime , they are connected to factors that increase the tendency to commit crime , such as a disadvantaged home environment , residence in a county with low socioeconomic status , and households run by one parent .
Also , adolescents with unpopular names may be more prone to crime because they are treated differently by their peers , making it more difficult for them to form relationships .
Juveniles with unpopular names may also act out because they consciously or unconsciously dislike their names .
" First name characteristics may be an important factor to help identify individuals at high risk of committing or recommitting crime , leading to more effective and targeted intervention programs , " the authors conclude .
Source : Wiley - Blackwell
The Cycle World International Motorcycle Show stopped at the Jacob Javits Center in Manhattan earlier this month .
The traveling show carries a load of new models across the country , making weekend - long stops in major cities , so the New York edition had only a handful of unique touches to offer :
• Honda officially unveiled its new Fury , the company ’s latest effort to sell custom - bike looks to riders who might be wary about the reliability , safety or cost of a custom machine .
The Fury , which Honda said has the longest wheelbase of any motorcycle the company has produced , does look very clean , and it showcases a classic — if slightly generic — chopper look , with a 38 - degree rake .
At a glance , the bike could be mistaken for something built in a garage , but a second look makes it clear that it ’s a factory product .
It seems clear that the point is not to win over the editors of Easyriders , but to attract bikers who want a look that ’s more extreme than a Shadow cruiser , with about the same risk of being stuck on the side of the road .
The unveiling was accompanied by a 90 - second video teaser and a blaring metal soundtrack in which the bike ’s features were revealed at a striptease pace .
( Thrill to the Fury ’s , um , bullet - shaped headlight . )
A skeptic might point out that the Fury embodies the spirit of rebellion to the same extent as Mountain Dew and Axe body spray , but it ’s a bit childish to deride the bike for its big - company origin .
Depending on the base price , which Honda has not announced , the Fury could find its niche in a market in which sales of large motorcycles have been consistently down .
• The most striking bike at the show had to be the Victory Core concept :
Victory said the bike is intended to show what a performance cruiser of the future might look like .
While it shares much of its architecture with the Victory Vision , the Core concept carries no visible bodywork on its cast - aluminum frame , with the fuel tank , battery box and electrical system tucked out of sight inside .
In case you ’re wondering , the seat is made of mahogany .
• Piaggio showed the Vespa GTS 300 Super :
The company said it ’s the fastest Vespa in its American lineup .
The GTS 300 Super is the bigger brother of the company ’s GTS 250 , with a slightly larger engine and some racier styling .
Paolo Timoni , the chief executive of Piaggio Group Americas , said he expected Vespa ’s American sales to improve in 2009 , even after a year of substantial growth in the United States .
Through the first three quarters of 2008 , American sales of Piaggio ’s scooters ( which include Vespas as well as Piaggio - branded models ) were up 61 percent , Mr. Timoni said .
The GTS 300 Super will go on sale in March at a suggested price of $ 6,199 .
• Vectrix Electrics , which has been selling its VX - 1 electric scooter for a while , unveiled two new models : the VX - 1E , which is a cheaper , trimmed - down version of the VX - 1 , and the VX - 2 , which is cheaper and less powerful , with a lower top speed .
Cutting the price is a big deal : the top - of - the line VX - 1 tops $ 10,000 , with the VX - 1E coming in at $ 8,495 when it arrives in April .
The VX - 2 will cost $ 5,195 when it arrives in June .
The company said the range of each of the vehicles is 40 to 50 miles , depending on conditions and riding style .
They recharge with a standard household outlet .
The company ’s spokesmen said that Vectrix is n’t pitching its scooters as a solution for all kinds of driving , but they seemed confident that the new models will expand the company ’s customer base .
About 1,000 VX - 1 models are on the road , they said , and there are 84 dealers , including Gold Coast Motorsports on Long Island .
The motorcycle show will stop in Cleveland , Chicago , Minneapolis and Greenville , S.C. , in February .
Adobe has released the very first alpha version of a 64 - bit Flash Player for Linux .
This move is part of the company 's broader plans to provide comprehensive 64 - bit support for the widely - used browser plugin .
Adobe expects to release 64 - bit versions for all three platforms with the next major version of Flash Player .
Although Adobe decided to start with Linux , the company says that 64 - bit builds for all three major platforms will be released simultaneously with the next major version of Flash Player .
Adobe chose Linux as the starting point because 64 - bit software is supported pervasively in the Linux ecosystem and because Linux users have expressed the most demand for 64 - bit Flash .
Flash on the Linux platform has traditionally lagged far behind Windows .
Adobe has steadily been closing this gap and has publicly committed to making Linux a fully - supported first - tier platform alongside Windows and Mac OS X. During the Flash 9 development cycle , Adobe reworked the player to make it fully cross-platform compatible .
Since then , they have mostly provided feature parity between platforms and have consistently made new versions available under Linux .
Adobe has also improved Flash performance on Linux with version 10 of the player .
Despite Adobe 's efforts to improve the quality of the Flash Player user experience for Linux enthusiasts , the lack of a proper 64 - bit version created significant problems .
In the early days , 64 - bit Linux users had to run 32 - bit browsers inside of a chroot jail or use a 32 - bit browser linked against a full set of 32 - bit libraries .
Eventually , nspluginwrapper emerged and provided cross-architecture support for 32 - bit browser plugins in some browsers .
It worked , but it was a suboptimal solution with a lot of problems .
Flash support in most modern 64 - bit Linux distributions is mediocre at best .
On my 64 - bit Ubuntu 8.04 desktop , I frequently encounter serious Flash bugs that either crash the browser or force me to restart it .
This seems to be common — Mozilla 's crash report system shows that Flash is the number one cause of Firefox crashes on Linux .
Some of these problems faced by Linux users could soon become a thing of the past .
The new 64 - bit Flash Player works as a native plugin and does not require nspluginwrapper .
" Furthering Adobe 's commitment to the Linux community and as part of ensuring the cross- platform compatibility of Flash Player , a pre-release 64 - bit Linux version of Adobe Flash Player 10 is now available , " the company said in a statement .
" This offers easier , native installation on 64 - bit Linux systems and removes the need for 32 - bit emulation . "
I downloaded Flash Player 10 64 - bit on my Ubuntu system and tested it with the latest Firefox 3.1 nightly build .
The plugin is distributed as a single . so file that is compressed in a tarball .
All I had to do was decompress the tarball and put the . so file in the Firefox plugin 's directory .
It seems to be working reliably so far , and I was able to use it to run several Flash 10 demos , including one with 3D graphics .
Native 64 - bit support for Flash Player on Linux is a major win for the Linux community , and it represents Adobe 's expanding commitment to treating Linux like a first - class citizen .
Additional work remains before the Linux version of Flash Player has full performance parity with the Windows version , but Flash on Linux has clearly come a very long way and is finally starting to feel like a native part of the platform .
The binary is available for download from the Adobe Labs web site .
For more details , see Adobe 's 64 - bit Flash FAQ .
Second man claims he was abused by BART shooter David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday January 16 , 2009
Print This Email This Following Tuesday 's arrest of former Bay Area Rapid Transit officer Johannes Mehserle for murder in the fatal shooting of a defenseless suspect on New Year 's Eve , another man has come forward to allege that Mehserle used excessive force against him on an earlier occasion .
Ken Carrethers told ABC7
News in San Francisco that he was arrested after complaining to another passenger that his car had been broken into twice in the parking lot and the transit police did nothing because " they 're standing around with their hands in their pockets . "
In interviews with both ABC7 and CNN , Carrethers explained that Mehserle overheard this comment and remarked , " You 're talking about us , are n't you ? "
Carrethers replied , " How would you know that I 'm talking about you from what I said to her ? "
He says that a second officer then came up and told him , " I think you 're drunk . "
According to Carrethers , " Mehserle said ' Have you learned not to mess with police ? '
And I said ' All I know is you beat me up . ' "
The police report charges that Carrethers was " using profanities " and making " verbal threats " to attack the officers and resisted violently when the officers tried to subdue him .
Carrethers , however , insists that " I go to church every Sunday , and I do n't cuss . "
He says that Mehserle grabbed him , they fell to the ground , and " before I know it I got five officers on top of me beating the hell out of me . "
The officers took him to a hospital , where he was described as having injuries to his face and pain in his shoulder .
An ABC7 legal analyst noted that there are a number of peculiar aspects to the officers ' version of events .
One is that police are trained not to overreact to merely verbal abuse .
Another is that Carrethers was charged only with resisting arrest and there was no mention of any other crime for which he was being arrested .
Mehserle 's attorney insisted in a statement to CNN , " The allegations are ridiculous and it did n't occur .
We question the timing and the motivation . "
Carrethers , however , told CNN , " Had someone listened to me at the time when I first began trying to get help , there just might have been a chance that Oscar Grant might still be alive . "
He also stated of Mehserle , " He seemed to be the type of person that was arrogant and thought because he had the badge on that he could n't be touched . "
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
One member of President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team measures meetings by the number of resumes arriving on his BlackBerry .
Another says job - seekers have offered him tickets to Redskins football games , which he has turned down .
And yet another has given his mother in Chicago “ talking points ” to deal with people trying to get to him by going through her .
“ People are anxious to figure out every possible avenue in and want to get advice on how to do this , ” said Steve Elmendorf , a Democratic lobbyist who has gotten calls asking how to break into the new administration -- even though he backed Hillary Rodham Clinton during the presidential primaries .
For people on the receiving end , it ’s an unrelenting daily bombardment of resumes and requests to meet for coffee .
Advertisement
“ I think it ’s wonderful that people want to serve .
But for those of us who have to deal with the onslaught , it ’s a little overwhelming , ” said a senior official with the transition who asked not to be identified for fear it would prompt a further deluge of applicants to his in - box .
So far , the transition team has received 290,000 applications for jobs in the Obama administration through its website -- www.change.gov -- and officials believe they could wind up with 1 million job - seekers by the time Obama is sworn into office on Jan. 20 .
By comparison , before President Bush took office in 2001 , he received just 44,000 requests for political jobs .
As former President Clinton assumed the White House in 1993 , he had received 125,000 applications for jobs .
The problem is that only about 8,000 non-career service positions are available , according to the Plum Book , which lists those jobs .
Advertisement
Ron Klain , chief of staff to Vice President - elect Joe Biden , has been hearing from people he knows and from people Biden knows .
Klain is also making new friends at a rapid pace on Facebook , the social networking website .
He ’s up to 1,000 friends , and his Facebook page is filled with good wishes on his new assignment .
“ It ’s really super - talented people who all want to be part of this , ” said Klain , who served as chief of staff to former Vice President Al Gore .
“ I ’m amazed by the breadth and depth of people who want to serve . ”
For those working out of a transition office in Washington , it ’s a constant barrage of requests and the knowledge that a lot of people will ultimately be disappointed .
Advertisement
“ I had somebody who I have not seen since the fourth grade call me and say , ‘ Hey , I ’m really excited about the opportunity to work in the administration .
Here ’s what I ’d like to do , and can you get my resume to the right people ? ’ ” said one transition staffer .
Others have responded to all the incoming messages by trying to lower their Internet profile , removing their Facebook pages from public access and trying to keep their names out of the newspaper .
“ It ’s amazing -- the people ’s persistence , ” said one transition official .
“ People have e-mailed me now four or five times since election day .
“ I ’m trying to be polite , but there comes a time when you ’re actually annoying me now . ”
Advertisement
--
jzuckman@tribune.com
Abused by a Mormon Bishop
" My name is Julie .
At the time of this writing I am 34 years old .
I was born and raised in Utah within the Mormon church .
I come from a multi-generational family with deep roots in Mormonism .
Most of my family joined at the very beginnings of the church under Joseph Smith or Brigham Young .
My husband comes from the same kind of background ( TBM ) and was raised in the same town as I .
We are the only members of our families to leave the mormon church .
We have been married for almost 15 years and have a 10 year old son .
I have been " out " of the church for almost 4 years now .
Sometimes ( for some unknown reason ) I want to go back .
There is no rhyme or reason to this except that perhaps it 's the only religious experience I 've ever known or been part of .
I know in my head that Mormonism is a cult and is abusive .
I need to make sure that my heart realizes that .
There are a couple of things that I would like to share -- to GET OUT of my mind and share with someone so that perhaps I can go on and resolve my conflicts within the church .
The first experience began when I was 7 years old .
I lived in Nephi , Utah across from the church .
My father was in jail for several DWI 's and for domestic abuse against my mother .
My mother turned to the church for financial help because she was trying to raise me , my sister , and my brother on her own .
She did have a job at a nursing home , but it was n't quite enough to cover food .
The Bishop agreed to help her , providing that she would clean the church .
Just a few light duties : washing the windows and vacuuming , mostly .
I was in charge of vacuuming .
My mom had a key to the church and I would go over there when she was at work and make sure that it was all vacuumed every Saturday so that it would be ready for Sunday .
( Remember , I was only 7 years old . )
My experience all started when I ran into a counselor in the bishopric .
On that particular day , I remember being very upset because I was constantly being teased by the other kids because my dad was in jail .
The counselor sat me down on his lap in the chapel and asked me to tell him why I was crying .
He was so kind !
So wonderful !
This was a man of God wanting to know about ME !
I told him everything .
I trusted him and was really happy for the attention !
I went home that day very happy and grateful for my new friend .
The next time I went to the church to vacuum , the counselor in the bishopric was already there .
He asked me if things were better and I told him they were .
He asked me if the children were still bothering me , and I told him they were , but it was okay .
He took me again on his lap as if to comfort me , but this time his hand rested inside my shorts .
As he kept talking to me ( I do n't even remember what about ) his hand kept snaking up toward my private area inside my shorts .
He acted like this was very natural , and although I remember feeling anxious , I did not stop him .
He touched me where no adult should touch a child that day .
I went home feeling confused this time , but I did n't really understand or question it , because , after all -- he was a member of the bishopric .
Each time I went to the church to vacuum for my Mom , my involvement with this man became deeper and took longer .
It got to the point where I could n't finish my job and was always afraid my mom would be angry with me .
And she often was !
After a few weeks , he was touching my genitals as if it were second nature to him and kissing me often .
He also would touch my little girl chest and had me massaging his genitals as well .
I was extremely uncomfortable with this behavior , but he always told me that I was " special . "
And that he loved me like I was his own little girl .
I should never tell , because that would break the promises we had made to each other in the church .
I remember each time going home and taking long baths until my mother would get home from work .
I was constantly getting into trouble with her because she relied on me to babysit my younger siblings as well .
They were left to fend for themselves during those hours .
Once when I told my mom that I did n't want to clean the church anymore , she told me that if I did n't then I would be responsible for the church taking food away from our family .
Did I really want to do that ?
NO .
I could n't handle it .
( I WAS ONLY SEVEN YEARS OLD ! )
Shortly after the counselor began " molesting " me , he brought a camera with him ( one of those old " Polaroid " cameras ) and would take pictures of me in several different ways of undress .
Sometimes I would hold my shirt up , sometimes my pants would be down and my bottom would be facing the camera .
Several times I was nude .
I just kept thinking it MUST be okay because come Sunday , he would be sitting up there on the stand and wink at me once in awhile , or lead the opening remarks and after all , this was a man called of God .
If God thought that it was okay , then it must be okay .
Then came the day that I was naked in the Sunday School classroom .
I was sitting on his lap and his pants were down around his ankles .
He started to push his penis into my vagina .
I started to cry .
He told me that it would n't hurt if I could just relax .
He made me feel as if it were my fault that it was hurting because I did n't relax good enough .
I do n't remember how often this happened , but I do know it was more than 3 times .
Then I turned 8 years old and it was time for my baptism .
I was afraid .
I memorized my " Articles of Faith " like I knew that I should .
( I ALWAYS did everything that I should ! )
It was time for my interview with the Bishop .
I was so afraid to go into his office because I knew from what my Primary teacher and Sunday School teacher told me what he would ask .
I knew I could n't lie .
I was so afraid that everyone would find out and I would not be able to come to church anymore .
I was afraid that the Bishop probably already knew about what was going on because God surely would have let him know !
After I recited my scriptures that I had to memorize and the Articles of Faith , the Bishop started the interview .
He asked me if I had been a good girl and if I felt worthy to be baptized .
It took me a few seconds to answer .
Then I told him , " No . " He asked me why .
I told him that I could n't tell him .
Perhaps he assumed that I had stolen some candy from a store or something like that because what he said next surprised me .
He said , " Julie , when you come up from the waters of baptism , you will be as clean and pure as the white driven snow . "
( I remember those exact words as if it were just yesterday . )
Well , I felt pretty good about that !
It almost felt -- actually it DID feel like I had a ' do - over ! '
I was baptized on a Saturday .
My beloved Grandpa who lived in Payson ( 20 miles to the north of Nephi and where I had most of my growing up years beginning at 8 and a half ) baptized me .
When I came up from the waters of baptism , it felt like my bishop was right !
I felt so wonderful and sparkly and CLEAN !
Not just on the outside , of course , but on the inside !
I did n't feel evil or bad anymore .
The next day was Sunday and back in those days they confirmed you in church after all the babies are blessed .
I felt so proud walking up the aisle in my new dress and my long , dark hair in curls .
The bishop put out the chair and had me sit down .
While he was waiting for others to join the circle for my confirmation , he mentioned to the congregation how proud he was of me .
I glowed !
This was really my day !
The men began to surround me .
My grandpa ( who was to give me the blessing ) , some of my uncles ( my mother 's brother 's ) and a neighbor .
I closed my eyes as they put their hands on my head and my Grandpa began to speak .
I opened my eyes a little and looked up .
To my horror and amazement , I saw the counselor in the bishopric standing off to the side of me with his head bent and his eyes closed .
After seeing that , I began to cry .
I think everyone assumed that I was crying because the " spirit " was really with me or something .
But I was crying because HE was there .
I never felt any spirit or felt the holy ghost or anything I was told I would feel .
I just felt anxious and dead inside .
In my little girl mind , I believed with all of my heart that the baptism never " took . "
That I never received the " gift of the Holy Ghost " or was worthy of any of the promises that I was supposed to have as a Child of God .
As if that were n't enough , the VERY NEXT SATURDAY I went to vacuum the church again .
HE was n't there at first , but he came in a few minutes after I did .
This time I did n't want to do anything he said , but HE FORCED ME !
For the first time , I struggled and he was mean and he HURT me more than ever .
I tried not to cry , but I could n't help it .
I was n't really crying so much because of what he was doing to me , but because I felt that if this were a man of God and he could do these things to me , then God must HATE me .
It was that day that I realized that I was n't special or any of those things that I was taught .
That God had turned his back on me and I was on my own .
I never prayed again .
My " do - over " was gone ....
We moved back up to Payson soon after that and away from that church .
Away from the counselor in the Bishopric .
I told myself that I would never , ever go to the church again , ever .
But sure enough , the next Sunday I was there .
But this time my Grandpa was sitting next to me , proud as could be that his Granddaughter whom he had just a baptized a few weeks earlier was with him .
It was fast & testimony meeting that day and he got up and bore his testimony and talked at length about how proud he was of me and the path that I had chosen .
I felt like a liar and a cheat .
I felt dishonest and dirty .
I was dirt before my baptism and I was dirt after my baptism .
I was n't worthy to be sitting there listening to my Grandpa shower his praise on me .
It took awhile , but I finally blocked these things from my mind .
But the thoughts that I was n't worthy and was dirty and that God hated me continued to exist in the back of my little girl mind .
In the meantime , around the age of 9 , I started being molested by 2 uncles .
( My father 's brothers . )
It just seemed the norm at that time .
I never told anyone .
Why should I ?
I was always threatened not to , but since I was always obedient I would n't have told anyway .
Until I grew up , that is .
When I was 28 years old , I told my Grandmother ( my father 's mother ) about the abuse that had been heaped upon her by her sons .
Her reply was , " I did n't know they had ' bothered ' you , too . "
Just like it was the " norm " to have that happen !
Apparently she confronted one of her sons about the abuse .
His name was Russell .
When I was younger , he was especially violent .
His favorite game was taking me to the cemetery and having sex with me in front of his friends ....
He always told me he'd kill me if I EVER told and that I would die before I was 30 anyway .
After my Grandmother confronted him about my " stories " he came to my home while my husband was out of town .
I heard a loud knock at the door .
I did n't look through the peephole .
( An action that I still feel responsible for to this day . )
As soon as the door opened , he came busting through the door .
I had been cutting up some slices of cheese for my ( then ) two year old son to tide him over until dinner .
Russell grabbed the knife , held it to my throat and after a lengthy struggle which entailed him throwing my baby into his room and slamming the door .... he beat me and raped me .
I did n't tell anyone until the next day .
My next door neighbors had heard noises ( we lived in an apartment complex ) but did n't report them .
It was n't until they saw my face that they put two and two together .
I let them know " kind of " what happened , but instead of going to the police , we went to our Bishop .
The police were n't called in until the next day .
( I was too ashamed ....)
The police just simply took my statement and that pretty much was that .
It was his word against mine .
Oh well ....
My husband , son and I moved to Florida in 1990 .
We were not active in the Mormon church , but were believers at that point .
We were visited by missionaries and started going back into activity in 1992 .
But every time I would go into the chapel , I would have anxiety attacks .
I would look up at the Bishop and his counselors on the stand and find myself unable to breathe .
9 times out of 10 , I had to leave .
I found myself not going to church because I did n't know why I could n't just sit still and find comfort in the church .
Was n't I supposed to find comfort being in God 's true church ?
Everyone around me did , but I did n't .
So , I started studying at home instead .
I read the BOM several times .
I read all the books I was supposed to .
It was then that I began to find historical discrepancies , prophecy and doctrinal discrepancies , etc .... I became confused about this .
It was also at this time that I came across the book " Miracle of Forgiveness " by Spencer W. Kimball .
He had been my favorite prophet and I was always in awe of him .
But his statement regarding chastity left me feeling like I had been kicked in the stomach :
" Restitution for Loss of Chastity
Also far - reaching is the effect of loss of chastity .
Once given or taken or stolen it can never be regained .
Even in a forced contact such as rape or incest , the injured one is greatly outraged .
If she has not cooperated and contributed to the foul deed , she is of course in a more favorable position .
There is no condemnation where there is no voluntary participation .
It is better to die in defending one 's virtue than to live having lost it without a struggle . "
All of the past came rushing back to me with such a force that I was in bed for days .
I did n't struggle for the most part .
I did cooperate in most of the cases of my molestations .
I did n't struggle much when my uncle raped me as an adult because I feared for the life of my child .
Now I knew for sure , even as an adult , that I truly was not one of God 's favorites or even worthy to be a member of HIS True Church .
I made an appointment with my Bishop .
I told him of the abuse that my uncles did to me .
( I did n't make any mention of my questions regarding church discrepancies at this time . )
He said all the right words , " It 's okay , You are forgiven ..
It is n't your fault , etc . .. "
Then I showed him what I had read in " The Miracle of Forgiveness . "
He told me that the book was " outdated " for today and that those words would n't stand in my situation .
I was again confused .
The prophet of the Lord wrote this book , and it would n't stand ?
It was outdated ?
But I did find comfort in the fact that this Bishop said he would do anything he could to help me rid myself of my past so that I could go on with my life .
He and I had a few more sessions until I felt better about things .
He did everything he could to help me and I began to rely on his talks with me a great deal .
I felt good about my life .
But the anxiety and panic whenever I would go to church would continue .
I thought it must be God 's way of telling me I did n't belong .
The Bishop would insist that perhaps I was n't " doing my part " by reading the Book of Mormon .
That I should study it more diligently .
God would give me comfort if I TRULY seeked it ...
I finally told the Bishop about my experience with the counselor in the Bishopric between the ages of 7 and 8 .
( Before and after baptism . )
He immediately got a cold look on his face and shut off completely .
He told me right then that he was unable to help me any further and that he would n't be able to speak to me again until I got professional help .
I would try and call him at home and he would refuse my calls .
( My calls were always a priority before . )
I felt abandoned again .
I felt alone and discarded and violated .
I had shared things with this Bishop that I had n't shared with anyone and he just plain did n't care anymore .
I was suicidal .
I did n't believe that God could or would love me if His Bishop could n't love and accept me .
I truly believed that with all of my heart .
In the meantime , my husband watched me struggle through a suicide attempt and loss of faith in my Church and myself .
It was at this time that the old bishop was replaced by a new one and I felt encouraged to seek his help .
Perhaps things would be different .
Well , they were n't .
Not even close .
I felt disfellowshipped .
We had no home teachers , no visiting teachers .
And since we had no family around us ( because they were all in Utah ) I felt so alone .
My husband and I became disillusioned with what we had been reading and the experiences we had gone through .
We wrote the bishop a letter asking that our names be removed from the records of the church .
We never heard back from him .
After several attempts and 4 letters later , ( he said he had ' lost ' the letters ) we received a plain white piece of paper ( with no letterhead ) from the clerk in our ward telling us that we were no longer members .
That did n't satisfy me because ANYONE could have written that !
I mean , this was not even an official document !
We spent the next few years wondering if we were even members or not .
We have suffered so much .
I feel I 've lost my identity , my God , my legacy , my heritage , my family 's respect , etc .
I wrote to my Grandpa on April 23 , 1993 telling him of my decision to leave the church and why .
( I left out the sexual abuse parts . )
My grandfather was the only person in my life that I felt loved me unconditionally .
He never responded to my letter .
When we would talk by telephone , it was as if my letter never was sent .
I still felt the love and joy in his voice when he would hear mine .
I asked him at one point if he read the letter , and he told me he did , but that 's all that was said .
I knew he was disappointed .
He told me that he knew I 'd come back when I figured things out .
Three months to the day I sent that letter ( June 23 , 1993 ) my grandpa died .
So did a major part of me .
I flew back to Utah for the funeral .
My Grandmother ( even though she knew I had left the church ) asked me to speak .
I did .
It was hard , but so joyous to be able to share my thoughts and feelings about my beloved friend , mentor , father , grandfather .
The only rough spot was my Grandmother telling me that my grandpa was disappointed with my decision to leave the church and felt that I had turned my back on the Lord .
This made me angry .
I never turned my back on the Lord . ( Did I ? )
Was n't he the one who turned his back on ME ?
What my Grandmother said to me hurt me more than if she had slapped me as hard as she could .
So now I am back to here .
Here and now .
I do n't consider myself a Mormon .
I am learning what it 's like to be on the outside looking in .
( Because sometimes I still crave the fellowship I had in Utah as a teenager . )
I miss my Grandfather giving me a " Father 's Blessing " when I was going through a rough time or ill .
But I still have the shame .
I still carry the burden of what happened in those secret times in the chapel and the sunday school room in Nephi , Utah with a Man of God .
I still , even though I am an adult , cannot put it into a perspective that I can deal with .
I have sought secular counseling and have been able to put the abuse that my uncles heaped on me into their proper place and go on .
And for that I am both proud and thankful .
But this .... this is too big for me to deal with alone .
And I do n't know how to resolve it .
I realize that Life is a continual process .
That maybe someday I will be free .
Maybe I will have to die before that takes place .
I hope not .
In the meantime , I feel like I 'm carrying around poison .
That 's it .
I do n't know what else to add .
This is a very long letter , but as you can see from reading it , a few sentences would n't have helped me or anyone else understand the situation .
I just hope that you can make sense of it .
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to share this .
I think the only way that justice can be done ( if there is such a thing ) and the only way I can feel like my life has been worth something at all is if my story can help someone else .
Love ,
- E-Mail : Julie
Here we are then , the final instalment in our Top 50 Games of 2008 .
It 's worth reiterating once again that the list is not intended as a definitive rundown of the 50 best games of the year , but instead reflects votes cast by our staff and contributors based on the games they have played and enjoyed .
Here 's what you missed :
10 . World of Goo
2D Boy / PC , WiiWare
Jim Rossignol : World of Goo made me gasp .
There were proper reactions of delight and surprise stirring my cold , dead fun glands .
Christ , I do n't just want to be seen as one of those need - to - be - hip blogo - critics who big - up indie game for the sake of sticking it to the man , but I can't help arguing this up as game of the year and a kind of statement about the state of game development .
As brilliant as World of Goo is when looked at in isolation , the context of its existence is all the more thrilling : it is just two guys , with a bit of help from a third guy , and it 's nevertheless better than two thirds of the commercial releases in 2008 .
This should make the big boys feel ashamed : the fact that they are n't ably beating the no-money bedroom code - monkeys is laughable .
World of Goo is a startling piece of game design that sits on the same kind of axis as Portal : puzzle games were our past , and they are our future
Kieron Gillen : Anyone - with - a - heart 's game of the year , which proves exactly how many cold - breasted undead writers Eurogamer hires .
Put simply , the best character - lead puzzle game since Lemmings .
Maybe ever .
What I find endlessly charming about it is how physical the game is .
The puzzles are less trying to find an actual narrow solution , and more manipulating this mass of stuff .
This gives the game a genuine organic flavour .
Add to that world - class art design and music , real personality , ridiculous quality control and indie-chic , and this is as good a game that 's come out this decade .
Looking up the list , there 's games which I can totally understand people voting higher - but when we write those all - time lists of best - games - ever , they 're going to fade as their charms are surpassed by their sequels .
World of Goo is going to be part of the canon .
I also suspect it'd have come several places higher if the Wii release had come earlier in the year .
Alec Meer : I often wish this had n't been preceded by Tower of Goo , because so many people presume that game 's one trick is all this has .
World of Goo is the maximalist puzzle game , thinking up a dazzling number of glorious twists upon the core concept of object - stacking , and better yet setting it within perhaps the most loveable , beautiful and - amazingly - moving game worlds of the year .
Man , it 's so hard to be funny about games you love .
Erm. Knickers ?
John Walker : Halfway through the voting process ,
Tom told me that World of Goo was wavering between first and second place .
From its 10th place finish you can conclude that the people who took the longest to get their votes in are the stupidest .
And the ugliest .
I take back what I wrote under Professor Layton .
Definitely the game of the year .
Definitely the only sensible contender for number one .
A thing of such utter joy and wonderfulness like I 've never known .
Sadly I imagine its late arrival to Wii in Europe has meant the PC - phobes did n't play this yet , and thus it has been robbed of its rightful number one place .
Saw off the bit of your monitor with this line on it , and glue it onto the bottom so it's in the position it deserves .
Tom Bramwell : I 've played it , and it 's not my game of the year .
It 's not even my favourite PC game of the year - that 's Trials 2 .
But it is extraordinarily good for all the reasons these guys have listed , and no less special for years spent tinkering with Bridge Builder , Armadillo Run , Elefunk and other games built on similar premises .
AUSTIN , Tex . 
The latest round in a long - running battle over how evolution should be taught in Texas schools began in earnest Wednesday as the State Board of Education heard impassioned testimony from scientists and social conservatives on revising the science curriculum .
The debate here has far - reaching consequences ;
Texas is one of the nation ’s biggest buyers of textbooks , and publishers are reluctant to produce different versions of the same material .
Many biologists and teachers said they feared that the board would force textbook publishers to include what skeptics see as weaknesses in Darwin ’s theory to sow doubt about science and support the Biblical version of creation .
“ These weaknesses that they bring forward are decades old , and they have been refuted many , many times over , ” Kevin Fisher , a past president of the Science Teachers Association of Texas , said after testifying .
“ It ’s an attempt to bring false weaknesses into the classroom in an attempt to get students to reject evolution . ”
Managing your time means to be in position to dominate the time and your work rather than being dominated by them .
Your time is your life .
Every thought and every action you make takes time .
Therefore the way you use your time automatically determines where and how to use your life .
The great paradox is that nobody has enough time , and yet everyone has as long as there is .
Many of the time consuming factors affecting people cause stress and anxiety , so these factors must be identified and limited .
It is very important to manage your time successfully because :
If you have more time for work you have more chances for success .
If you have more time to think you can utilize your mind better .
If you have more time to play , you can enjoy your life better .
If you have more time to read , you can gain more knowledge .
If you have more time for being friendly , the happier you will be .
If you have more time to love , you will feel more joy .
If you have more time to enjoy , the better is for your health and soul .
Do not forget Murphy ’s law : ” Nothing is as easy as it seems .
Anything to be done needs more time than you think and if something can go wrong , it will go wrong . “
7 Quick ways on how to manage your time better
1 . Set your goals , priorities , plan…plan…plan …
Clarify your short term - goals and priorities on a daily basis , as well as your long - term objectives .
Allocate enough time for planning .
One hour of actual planning can save you three to four hours of work .
Write your daily and weekly activities in a schedule with priorities and the time required for implementation .
Place your schedule somewhere where you can see it all the time .
Avoid the tyranny of urgency .
Concentrate on the most important issues of your work .
Without goals , you cannot know what to do .
Without a schedule you cannot know , when to do so .
2. Minimize meetings and interruptions
Avoid Meetings ( as much as you can )
Before accepting a request for a meeting try to look for alternatives .
If you have to attend , do so for a limited time
During the meeting , make sure that the meeting starts on time .
Use a meeting schedule with a predetermined period .
After the meeting , record immediately accurate meeting minutes .
Check the progress at predetermined intervals .
Minimize interruptions by phone or visitors .
Delegate phone calls and visitors to someone else if possible .
When you are searching for someone , try to setup a predefined time to call him / her .
Use a voice mailbox .
During a phone call , try to use various tricks to stop unnecessary debates .
Close the door of your office .
The policy of « open door » means you are accessible for passers - loafer .
3 . Organise your office
Remove from your desk everything except the things you need for your specific job .
Create folders ( binders ) where you can keep the documents for each task until you need them .
Only put the file (s ) that you need in your desk .
Discard the rest .
Delegate to others , if possible , all the « paperwork » .
Do not leave your tasks unfinished .
If possible finish completely a task you have started .
4. Delegation of work
You must understand that the time you will invest to train someone to do a job will benefit you many times in the future .
Do not do anything you can assign to others .
Find the most appropriate person , if possible , for the work you do not want to do .
Provide clear written ( if possible ) instructions .
Give greater importance and emphasis on results rather than methods .
Get a freelancer to do the work for you .
Visit Freelance Writing for Beginners to get some ideas .
5 . Understand that you cannot do anything your self
Make the most important jobs first .
Those you cannot do are automatically second priority .
Appreciate your time realistically .
Start the job on time and try to make it right from the beginning .
Try to avoid mistakes so as to win the time of recurrence .
Keep your selfishness balanced , your excessive ambition and your confidence too .
Consider that if you restrict your workload , you will do your job better .
6. Learn to say NO
Why you are afraid to say NO :
Unclear priorities
Fear of insulting others
The need to be a « good man »
Willingness to be privileged by your manager
Learn the four steps of denial :
Listen carefully and make sure that you have understood the task
Learn to say “ no ” ( do not say “ maybe ” or “ possibly ” )
Explain the reason or the reasons for saying NO ( if appropriate )
Suggest alternatives ( if possible )
Saying , « yes » in various requirements would rather lose and not win the respect others have for you .
7 . Track you time
The best way to improve your time management skills is to first identify where you spend your time on a daily basis .
One of the ways to do that is to keep a calendar and take note of every action .
You can do that for three days and at the end of the three days you can analyse the results and take the necessary actions .
In your calendar you need to have the following items :
Among the many fine anniversaries in prospect this year , not the least is the 60th birthday of Murphy 's Law , alternatively - though erroneously - known as Sod's Law or , if you 're really into this kind of thing , Finagle 's Law .
This is the commonly held perception that the world is inherently a perverse place ; in other words , if something can go wrong , it will .
The proverbial example of the principle is , of course , that if you drop a slice of toast , it will land buttered side down .
There are countless others ; people have written entire books of them and websites abound ( including murphys - laws.com , to which my thanks ) .
The military are fond of : " The more advanced your equipment , the further you will be from civilisation when it fails . "
Parents will relate to : " No child ever throws up in the toilet . "
Drivers will appreciate : " The other lane is always faster . "
Shoppers will relate to : " The simpler and quicker your transaction , the more complex and time - consuming the transaction of the person in front of you in the queue . "
We can all enjoy : " The paper is strongest along the perforated line " , " You always find something in the last place you look " ( a necessary corollary of which is : " You will never find something in the last place you look but in the first place , where you did not see it first time around " ) and ( my personal favourite ) " Any foreign body in your shoe will invariably work itself into the position where it causes most discomfort . "
It is worth noting that there is no point disputing Murphy 's Law ( ML ) .
It is both correct and self - proving , as can be shown by the following : ML states that if anything can go wrong , it will .
ML itself can therefore go wrong .
If ML can go wrong , then things can sometimes go right .
We know from experience that things do sometimes go right .
Ergo , ML can go wrong .
Ergo , ML is correct and self - proving .
There is , however , some dispute about its precise origin .
The principle it embodies has obviously existed since the dawn of mankind , and dedicated researchers from the American Dialect Society have found it described in print as early as 1877 .
But according to a fascinating series of articles by one Nick T Spark in the Annals of Improbable Research , there can be little doubt that Murphy 's Law as we now know it is named after Edward A Murphy Jr , a test engineer for the McDonnell Douglas aerospace manufacturer during a series of G - force experiments carried out in 1949 by the US air force to assess the tolerance of the human body to acceleration .
One experiment apparently involved a set of 16 sensors attached to the subject 's body .
These could be mounted in one of two ways , and one of Murphy 's assistants installed all of them the wrong way round , resulting in a zero reading .
According to Robert Murphy , Edward 's son , the words his father uttered at the time were along the lines of : " If there 's more than one way to do a job , and one of those ways will result in disaster , then somebody will do it that way . "
This we might term the original Murphy 's Law .
However George Nichols , another engineer present at the experiment , recalls the phrase as : " If that guy has any way of making a mistake , he will , " a rather cruel jibe later more kindly condensed by the McDonnell Douglas team to : " If it can happen , it will happen . "
Major John Paul Stapp , the subject of the experiment , then reportedly summed up the newly coined law at a press conference some days later as : " Anything that can go wrong , will go wrong . "
The first mentions of Murphy 's Law in this context occur in print in 1952 and 1955 , whereafter it gradually became a commonplace , although in a multitude of variants .
Finagle 's Law is actually a corollary to Murphy's , and states : " Anything that can go wrong , will - and at the worst possible moment . "
All of which , of course , only serves to bear out Murphy 's third law of journalism ( just invented by me ) , which reads : " The likelihood of your misquoting someone is directly proportional to their present or future importance " .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Team coverageA Cedar City man says police used a Taser on him shortly after he suffered a seizure during a traffic stop .
Now Travis Braun wants to have DUI and other charges against him dropped .
Braun has filed a formal complaint with the Cedar City Police Department over what happened and is now taking his case to the court of public opinion .
He 's posted dash - cam video on YouTube , arguing he was in need of medical help , not the force of a Taser .
The video shows Braun being given a field sobriety test by Cedar City police on the night of Nov. 20 .
After nearly 30 minutes of testing , Braun 's condition suddenly changed and he collapsed .
Travis Braun
The video shows police immediately call for an ambulance , reporting Braun is in a seizure .
Officers move him from the pavement to the curb , but about four minutes later , an officer uses his Taser on him .
" Cops are definitely a benefit to society , but there is a line , and I think that they crossed it ; and when they cross it , I will fight for my rights , " Braun said .
Braun easily passed a Breathalyzer test , although blood tests later revealed Braun had traces of marijuana in his system .
The hospital report diagnosed Braun as having a seizure , but the police chief says officers on scene began to question if Braun was really having a seizure .
" His behavior changed in such a way they felt he was being resistant to being arrested , and that is why the Taser was deployed , because he was being quite combative and resistant , " explained Cedar City Police Chief Robert Allinson .
Police have their own theory about Braun 's motivation to go public .
" What he asked for was if we would drop the charges , that his complaint would go away .
And he was advised we do n't do that , drop the charges against him , and it does n't work that way , " Allinson said .
" I want to clear my name .
I want to be looked at like anyone else , not the guy who has been in trouble , " Braun said .
The internal police investigation into Braun 's complaint is still underway .
He has pleaded not guilty to the misdemeanor charges filed against him , including assault on a police officer .
E-mail : spenrod@ksl.com
E-mail : cwall@ksl.com
E-mail : sworsley@ksl.com
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Chinese Death Vans
" Makers of death vans , "
On the other hand , " China 's critics contend that the transition from firing squads to injections in death vans facilitates an illegal trade in prisoners ' organs .
Injections leave the whole body intact and require participation of doctors .
Organs can 'be extracted in a speedier and more effective way than if the prisoner is shot , ' says Mark Allison , East Asia researcher at
To guarantee that each execution is " carried out legally , " they are all " recorded on video and audio that is played live to local law enforcement authorities " – state - induced death as a form of avant - garde cinema .
As
Perhaps leading to someone 's future Ph.D. : Urban Design and the Death Sentence .
Or a TV show : Mobile execution chambers are now on the road in China .
As a replacement for the firing squad , this is nomadic power , bringing the state – and lethal injections – to your doorstep .
" Makers of death vans , " USA Today reports , " say they save money for poor localities that would otherwise have to pay to construct execution facilities in prisons or court buildings .
The vans ensure that prisoners sentenced to death can be executed locally , closer to communities where they broke the law . "
It 's the infrastructure of punishment detached from the limitations of geography .
On the other hand , " China 's critics contend that the transition from firing squads to injections in death vans facilitates an illegal trade in prisoners ' organs .
Injections leave the whole body intact and require participation of doctors .
Organs can 'be extracted in a speedier and more effective way than if the prisoner is shot , ' says Mark Allison , East Asia researcher at Amnesty International in Hong Kong .
' We have gathered strong evidence suggesting the involvement of ( Chinese ) police , courts and hospitals in the organ trade .
'" To guarantee that each execution is " carried out legally , " they are all " recorded on video and audio that is played live to local law enforcement authorities " – state - induced death as a form of avant - garde cinema .
As USA Today continues , punishment by death is not uncommon : " Sixty - eight different crimes – more than half non-violent offenses such as tax evasion and drug smuggling – are punishable by death in China .
That means the death vans are likely to keep rolling .
" Perhaps leading to someone 's future Ph.D. :.
Or a TV show : Pimp My Death Van
Newer | Older
