New South Wales police believe a man who kissed a four - year - old boy at a McDonald 's restaurant in Sydney 's inner west kissed a second boy at another takeaway outlet within a few hours of the first incident .
Police say they have extensive CCTV footage of the man they believe is responsible for the alleged aggravated indecent assaults .
They have also released an image of the man and are seeking public help to find him .
The first incident happened at a McDonald 's outlet in the inner western suburb of Drummoyne about 8:30 pm , when a man kissed a four - year - old boy on the lips before handing him a lollipop .
The lollipop is now part of a forensic investigation as police seek information from any diners at the restaurant who may have witnessed what happened .
The man fled the restaurant in a small white hatchback vehicle , believed to be a Hyundai Getz or similar , with yellow and black number plates .
Detective Chief Inspector Glen Fitzgerald says it was a very brazen attack .
" Whilst at the restaurant the mother has gone to order some food at the counter and whilst that has happened a male that we would describe as between the ages of 45 and 55 years of age has approached the young four - year - old boy , held him by the face and given him a prolonged kiss , " he said .
" After doing so he handed the boy a lollipop and immediately left the store . "
The second incident occurred about 10.20 pm at a fast food restaurant on the Princes Highway at Sylvania in Sydney 's south .
A woman with her daughter and son entered the store and all three went to the toilet .
While in the men's toilet the 11 - year - old boy alleges a man touched him inappropriately and kissed him on the mouth .
The man threatened the boy not to tell anyone before running from the store .
The boy immediately informed his mother and the store .
Police were later contacted by the family .
CCTV footage of both incidents shows a man aged between 45 and 55 , who is about 170 centimetres tall and wearing distinct square - rim glasses .
The man is also seen wearing a blue baseball hat , blue shirt and pants and carrying a shoulder bag .
Today , I ’m going to tread ground upon which many fear to tread by discussing the first two phrases of the Second Amendment .
The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution states thus : " A Well - Regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a Free State , the Right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . "
Seems to me that we have either ignored or simply missed a very vital component of liberty in our discussions and writings about secession … or about the Second Amendment .
That very vital component is the existence and use of force .
No reasonable proponent of state sovereignty wants to propose secession and state nationhood through armed overthrow and insurrection .
All of the thought leaders of secession that I have read concentrate on the orderly and lawful methods of secession , and eschew any ideas of military resistance .
That ’s fine .
But James Madison , John Adams , Thomas Paine and Thomas Jefferson had a different perspective .
The Framers knew that when tyranny advanced against any state , the state ’s last option to resist that tyranny was to take up arms and fight .
They had just proven its effectiveness by seceding from Great Britain through the use of state militias .
Most of the words I ’ve ever seen written about the Second Amendment had to do with the last phrase of the Amendment .
Even when I wrote about this subject HERE , my emphasis was about firearms .
My only paragraph about the militia said this :
" Any State with a well - regulated Militia would be capable of defending itself from Federal tyranny .
Over the past two hundred years , the individual States have forgotten that their security as a free State relies upon a well - regulated Militia .
The first two phrases in the Amendment shed light on today ’s power structure in the United States .
The Federal government now has standing armies , navies and an air force that far outnumbers any state militia .
So , state sovereignty has been destroyed .
Now states are more like counties … no sovereignty , only slave territories of a cancer - ridden Federal system . "
The very nature of government is force .
It is not governed itself by anything but raw force .
Bullies and tyrants never are .
If you doubt this , go find a woman who has gotten a restraining order against an abusive ex-husband .
See how safe she feels .
A week hardly goes by in which there is not a news story about an ex-husband or boyfriend who murders a woman , even though she got a court - issued restraining order .
But courts do n’t enforce restraining orders because cops are not personal bodyguards .
They only deal with violations after the fact .
In like fashion , courts and Congresses , resembling murderous ex-boyfriends and looters , are only stopped from wreaking their mayhem by force or the threat of force .
Do you notice that American armed forces are in Afghanistan and Iraq , not walking the streets of Pyongyang , North Korea ?
That ’s because North Korea is very willing to defend itself .
Washington bows up like a banty rooster about the lawful Iranian civilian nuclear program , but sends bribes to " Dear Leader " Kim Jong Il .
Even if secessionist and nationalist leaders champion the cause of non-violence and secession through lawful means , they do themselves and their followers a disservice by refusing to broach the subject of armed resistance to Federal tyranny .
That position is akin to posting a sign in your front lawn that reads " Gun Free Zone . "
You ’ve just announced that you have no means of defending yourself against attack and violence .
Ask those at Fort Hood , Columbine High School and Virginia Tech .
There is a fine line between acknowledging that you ’ll fight tyranny and picking a fight with a tyrant .
The first trick is to know enough not to cross that line .
The other trick is to be aware that the bad guys keep moving the line .
I think of a state like Texas and its very exciting nationalist movement .
I encourage a free and open discussion of militia re-building as they move forward .
With a Texas population of over 24 million , the militia could easily become a force of 1 — 2 million able - bodied adult men .
Secessionists in every state needs to talk about this subject .
Any state that seriously contemplates secession must reconstitute and rebuild its own Militia .
This will be one of the most solemn indications of that State ’s seriousness about its own liberty and the liberty of its citizens .
The Best of Russell D. Longcore
Alfred Palmer ( it ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( fr ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( ca ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( de ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( ga ) ; آلفرد تی. پالمر ( fa ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( da ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( sl ) ; アルフレッド ・T・パーマー ( ja ) ; الفرد بالمر ( arz ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( nn ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( nb ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( nl ) ; אלפרד פאלמר ( he ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( cs ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( sv ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( es ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( en ) ; ألفرد بالمر ( ar ) ; Алфред Т. Палмер ( mk ) ; Alfred T. Palmer ( sq ) fotógrafo estadounidense ( es ) ; photographe américain ( fr ) ; argazkilari estatubatuarra ( eu ) ; fotógrafu estauxunidense ( 1906 –1993 ) ( ast ) ; fotògraf estatunidenc ( ca ) ; US - amerikanischer Fotograf ( de ) ; fotógrafo norte - americano ( pt ) ; grianghrafadóir ( ga ) ; عکاس آمریکایی ( fa ) ; amerikansk fotograf ( da ) ; amerikansk fotograf ( sv ) ; amerikansk fotograf ( nn ) ; amerikansk fotograf ( nb ) ; Amerikaans fotograaf ( 1906 - 1993 ) ( nl ) ; fotógrafo estadounidense ( gl ) ; американски фотограф ( mk ) ; fotografo statunitense ( it ) ; photographer ( en ) ; مصور من الولايا ت المتحدة الأمريكية ( ar ) ; americký filmař a válečný fotograf ( cs ) ; mfonintwafoɔ ( tw )
Subcategories
This category has only the following subcategory .
P ► Photographs by Alfred T. Palmer‎ ( 5 C , 385 F )
Barack Obama is all over the place .
You see his campaign signs along all the roads and his face plastered all over the newspapers and TV .
Now you even see his face on a pair of custom Air Force Ones which have been designed by an artist named Van or Van20 .
Instead of a flashy colorway or the use of patterns and materials , Van used his pure artistic talent for these .
Each shoe includes an image of Barack Obama which i have to say is pretty impressive .
This sneakers I just posted were fresh , but they are not alone .
Check out these sneakers with a custom Obama sole .
They were made by artist Jim Lasser , and featured in an Obama - themed exhibit in New York .
These custom Nike Air Force
Ones were renamed Obama Force Ones .
We Recommend :
REDD is a threat to forest people , alleges report
REDD may harm forest people , alleges report
Rhett A. Butler , mongabay.com
December 2 , 2008
A new report finds that the World Bank is not doing enough to protect indigenous rights under its mechanism to reduce emissions from deforestation and forest degradation ( REDD ) .
The report — titled “ Cutting Corners : World Bank ’s forest and carbon fund fails forests and peoples ” — was issued by the Forests and the European Union Resource Network ( FERN ) and the Forest Peoples Program ( FPP ) at the start of UN climate negotiations in Poznan , Poland .
“ Cutting Corners ” alleges that the Bank ’s Forest Carbon Partnership Facility ( FCPF ) — which provides seed funding for REDD projects — has rushed its review process and is failing to follow its own rules set to protect indigenous people and forest communities .
Such groups fear that without a proper framework , REDD could be used by governments and carbon traders to force forest people off their lands .
“ In this flawed process forest communities have not been properly consulted .
As a result , donors could be complicit in a new global drive reinforcing old top - down policies that will only lead to more forest destruction , ” said Saskia Ozinga , Coordinator of FERN .
“ We have seen from the EU ’s FLEGT process , which aims to control illegal logging , that a proper consultation process will take years , but trying to shortcut consultations will just lead to long - term failure . ”
Villager employed as a conservation worker at a reforestation project in Tanjung Puting National Park , Indonesia
“ If measures to respect the rights of forest peoples are at the heart of efforts to combat deforestation , then forest and climate policies could do some good , ” added Tom Griffiths , Coordinator of the Forest Peoples Program ’s Responsible Finance Program .
“ It is alarming that the early government plans , approved by the World Bank , are simply business as usual .
None of these REDD plans deal with the critical issues of governance , human rights , land tenure reforms and Free , Prior and Informed Consent .
“ To attain sustainable forest and climate initiatives , forest peoples must be fully consulted about their design .
International donors must also ensure that human rights and forest sector reforms are guaranteed before any international funding is released to developing countries for their national actions on forest and climate issues . ”
“ Cutting Corners ” comes shortly after Friends of the Earth International ( FOE ) , an environmental activist group , announced its opposition to REDD via a report titled “ REDD Myths “ .
At the UNFCCC talks in Poznan , FOE says it will oppose attempts to include forests in carbon markets .
“ During the climate talks , we will be demanding that forests are kept out of carbon markets , that plantations are entirely excluded and land rights are enforced as the basis of any forest policy , ” said Joseph Zacune , Climate and Energy Coordinator with FOE .
“ If governments are serious about tackling climate change , deforestation must be stopped once and for all .
To do this we need to tackle the consumption of agrofuels , meat and timber products which is driving deforestation and support good governance of forest resources . ”
Other analysts say REDD — in a form that recognizes rural peoples ’ rights — offers the best hope for preserving forests in the future while simultaneously fighting global warming .
“ REDD can benefit biodiversity conservation as well as indigenous and rural peoples , ” wrote Daniel Nepstad , Stephan Schwartzman , and Paulo Moutinho in a report published last year .
“ To succeed , national REDD programs must be consistent with UNFCCC and other UN principles , be transparent and have the active involvement of indigenous peoples and forest communities . ”
“ Rejecting REDD will not defend indigenous rights .
Substituting official aid from developed countries for carbon market funding will not be a better , less risky alternative for reducing deforestation .
Indigenous rights abuses , often caused by the same activities that drive deforestation , must be addressed directly . ”
References
Related articles
Despite financial crunch , donors pledge $ 100 M for rainforest conservation
( 10/23/2008 ) Donors meeting this week in Washington D.C. pledged more than $ 100 million to the World Bank ’s new initiative for conserving tropical forests .
In addition to the $ 100 million in donations , the World Bank announced that more than forty developing countries have asked to join the Forest Carbon Partnership Facility — the Bank ’s foray into the emerging market for forest carbon credits .
25 countries have so far been selected to participate in the initiative , which builds capacity for countries to earn compensation through the carbon markets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions by reducing deforestation and forest degradation ( REDD ) .
Experts say the mechanism could eventually lead to the transfer of billions of dollars per year to fund conservation and rural development in tropical countries , while at the same time helping fight climate change .
Deforestation and land use change presently accounts for around a fifth of anthropogenic emissions .
Carbon conservation schemes will fail without forest people
( 10/16/2008 ) Mechanisms that use forest conservation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are doomed to fail unless they are “ based on respect for the rights of indigenous peoples and forest communities , ” warn environmentalists and indigenous rights groups meeting in Oslo this week .
Indigenous groups fear they are being excluded from discussions on Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation ( REDD ) , a proposed financial mechanism that would compensate tropical countries for reducing emissions caused by deforestation and land use .
Such emissions account for a fifth of the global total , or more than the total emissions from transportation .
In particular , indigenous groups and forest communities are concerned they will not see benefits from REDD .
Worse , some believe the mechanism could trigger a new wave of land grabs and evictions by parties seeking to capitalize on carbon payments .
Indigenous groups and forest communities have long struggled against development interests seeking to exploit their traditional lands and resources .
But supporters of so - called “ avoided deforestation ” schemes say that properly - designed policy offers unprecedented opportunities to create sustainable livelihoods for forest people while safeguarding biodiversity and services provided by healthy forest ecosystems .
Indigenous people demand greater say in using forests to fight global warming
( 10/8/2008 ) Indigenous leaders renewed their call for greater say in how tropical forests are managed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , according to AFP .
Forest conservation can fight climate change and poverty
( 10/8/2008 ) The Forests Dialogue — a coalition consisting of more than 250 representatives of governments , forestry companies , trade unions , environmental and social groups , international organizations , forest owners , indigenous peoples and forest - community groups — has issued guiding principles for including forests in climate change negotiations .
STRI goes carbon neutral as Panama indigenous community to see carbon payments from forest conservation
( 8/21/2008 ) The Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute ( STRI ) , the Panama - based branch of the Smithsonian Institution , will offset its carbon dioxide emissions by working with an indigenous community to conserve forests and reforest degraded lands with native tree species .
The agreement was announced Sunday , August 17 , 2008 .
MANILA 
The military arrested dozens of people and seized caches of weapons after martial law was imposed over the weekend in a southern Philippine province where 57 people were killed in a massacre two weeks ago , officials said Sunday .
The military has detained nearly 50 people in the province , Maguindanao , in a bid to quell a rebellion by supporters of a powerful political family accused of carrying out the massacre , said an army official , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang .
Among those arrested over the weekend were six members of the Ampatuan family , including the patriarch , Andal Ampatuan Sr. , and his son Zaldy , the governor of the five - province Muslim autonomous region that includes Maguindanao .
A seventh member , Andal Ampatuan Jr. , had been arrested before the crackdown .
The military said Sunday that it had raided a property owned by the family patriarch and found 40 firearms , including ArmaLite assault rifles and ammunition .
Hi there ,
There 's something you need to know about your father .
Your dad 's job is to try to stop the government making laws to reduce Australia 's carbon pollution .
He is paid a lot of money to do that by big companies who do not want to own up to the fact that their pollution is changing the world 's climate in very harmful ways .
Because of their pollution , lots of people , mostly poor people , are likely to die .
They will die from floods , from diseases like dengue fever , and from starvation when their crops wo n't grow anymore .
The big companies are putting their profits before the lives of people .
And your dad is helping them .
Your life is going to be worse too because of what your dad is doing when he goes to work each morning .
By the time you are as old as your parents , Australia will be having a lot more heat waves , like the one in Melbourne earlier this year , and there will be more bush fires too .
Droughts will be worse , and you wo n't be able to have fun exploring the Great Barrier Reef because it wo n't be there anymore .
Deep down your dad knows all this , although he probably pretends he does n't .
If you 've asked him about it he probably said that the scientists are not sure what 's going to happen , or that Australia 's carbon pollution is not very big , or that business is business .
He has to tell himself these things because otherwise he would feel too guilty and could not sleep very well at night .
So your dad is not really a bad person .
He is not deliberately making the world a worse place for you and all the other kids .
But he is telling lies to himself so he does not have to face up to the truth about what he does at work .
The thing is , though , that what your dad is doing is wrecking the future for my children too , and that makes me feel upset .
Many Australians feel the same way ; they think that what your father does is just plain wrong , and that he should stop .
I am sure it's hard for you to hear these words , but there is something you can do to help .
Why not sit your dad down and have a good talk to him .
Tell him you want him to stop helping the big companies that are spoiling the future for you and all the other kids at school .
Tell him that the family would rather have less money if he had a different job , one you could be proud of .
Tell him that you know he will feel much happier inside if he is doing something to make Australia and the world a better place , instead of going to work every day to make it a worse one .
Your dad has lost his way , and you might be the only person in the world who can help him find it again .
So talk to him .
Yours sincerely
The Arctic Ocean is generally considered a remarkably quiet ocean , with very little mixing , because a cover of sea ice prevents wind from driving the formation of internal waves .
To study this effect and investigate how melting sea ice might affect ocean mixing in the Arctic , Rainville and Woodgate analyze data from moorings in the northern Chukchi Sea .
They find that when the ocean was mostly covered with ice , even strong winds did not generate much response in it .
On the other hand , during the summers when less sea ice was present , wind generated large internal oscillations and increased turbulence .
The extent of Arctic sea ice in the summer has been declining significantly in recent years , likely resulting in increased internal wave generation , the authors note .
Because internal waves bring deeper waters closer to the surface , the results have important implications for Arctic Ocean ecosystems and ocean dynamics .
The research is published in Geophysical Research Letters .
Authors include Luc Rainville and Rebecca A. Woodgate : Applied Physics Laboratory , University of Washington , Seattle , Washington , USA .
Tucked away in the mountains of Austria you ’ll find the tiny town of Hallstatt .
Hallstatt and its population of less than 1000 residents rest on the southwestern shore of the Hallstätter Sea .
In addition to the picturesque view of the town on the lake , tourists can see the world ’s first salt mine , enjoy nearby skiing , take a trip to the World Heritage Museum , and visit the Dachstein ice cave .
Though this village is very small , there are a few different hotels and restaurants to choose from .
At some point during the next hour , Rivera , a longtime bilingual counselor at Olney High School , lost consciousness .
He inadvertently became a target , Vanore said , to three other people in the waiting room - a black woman , a 30 - something , 5 - foot - 8 black man in dark pants who limped , and a second man , who was later arrested at the hospital and identified as Richard Alten , 44 .
A visit by the Prime Minister to a Canberra school today has highlighted the strict food bans now in place at many primary schools .
Kevin Rudd attended the O'Connor Cooperative School to hear students ' concerns about the environment .
At the bottom of a press release promoting the event , a statement in bold warned journalists who had eaten a banana in the past 12 hours to stay away because of allergy concerns .
The school declined to comment on the story , saying only it had an anaphylaxis free policy , as did most other schools in the ACT .
But the president of Anaphylaxis Australia , Maria Said , has described the ban as extreme .
" Certainly trying to reduce the amount of allergen at the school , if say there 's a child that has a life - threatening allergy to banana , saying to children in that child 's class or maybe even in the whole infant section ' please do n't bring bananas into school because they 're a risk ' , that is certainly commonplace , " she said .
" But saying to people to not eat a particular food , not to eat it for breakfast or for up to 12 hours before , the bottom line is most people that go into anaphylaxis will go into anaphylaxis from ingesting the food .
" Touch reactions are generally localised and the same with breath reactions .
Most times you need to actually ingest the food to cause a reaction . "
Ms Said says while avoiding any anaphylaxis is paramount , the measures to control should be based on risk to the child .
" Now we do n't want any reaction to occur , but it seems to me highly extreme to make that request of anybody , " she said .
" If there was kissing involved , well , sure I 'd want them to be cautious .
" But we 're talking about school here and I think having a banana for breakfast would pose very little risk to someone at risk of anaphylaxis . "
She also says while policies for managing allergies are common within schools , this type of ban is quite rare .
" There are certainly guidelines for the management of children at risk of anaphylaxis , but they do not specify what you would do as far as what strategies you put in place , " she said .
" One of the many strategies is certainly to reduce the amount of the allergen , but it would be rare to find a type of school that makes this request and I would be encouraging the school to speak with the child 's doctor to see if this extreme strategy was really warranted . "
Australia has one of the highest levels of food allergies in the world .
There are two fundamental reasons why the " healthcare reform " which passed the U.S. Senate on Christmas Eve is a simulacrum of reform : it does nothing to lower cost or limit the diversion of national wealth to a few cartels , nor does it address the food - diet - nutrition - lifestyle causal chains which are dooming the nation to an explosion of preventable chronic disease and diminishing lifespans .
Here are two documentaries you need to see : Borrow , rent , or buy , whatever it takes , but see these :
Food , Inc. ( film )
King Corn ( film )
And two more which directly address the fast food industry :
Super Size Me ( film )
Fast Food Nation ( film )
The central tenet of the Survival + critique is that no problem can even begin to be solved without an integrated understanding of the interlocking chains of causality which create the problem .
In the U.S. , healthcare costs are exploding for a number of powerful reasons , but the most important one is the deterioration of the citizens ' health which can be causally traced to the nation 's deteriorating food supply , diet , nutrition and fitness -- all integrated parts of a massively unhealthy lifestyle .
While we do n't know everything about human health , of course , we do know that extra weight ( obesity ) and lack of exercise are causally linked to a number of interlinked chronic diseases , all of which lead to early death ( Diabetes , high blood pressure , heart disease , cancer , etc. ) .
The obesity epidemic can be viewed visually via this slideshow map of the U.S.
I recommend you view this slideshow which depicts the obesity epidemic on a state - by - state basis :
Centers for Disease Control , U.S. Obesity Trends 1985 - 2007
Here 's a chart of global obesity ( BMI is not a perfect metric , but this certainly suggests some obvious conclusions )
Some question whether poor diet , excess weight and inactivity actually increase healthcare costs ; this chart from the State of Minnesota shows that inactivity does have costs .
The terrible truth is that the " sickcare " industry , agribusiness , and the fast - food / packaged food industries all profit immensely from poor diet / nutrition , widespread ignorance of the principles of human nutrition and health , and a media - obsessed , couch - potato lifestyle which demands " quick fixes " for complex lifestyle diseases .
The incentives are all entirely perverse .
As an academic notes in King Corn : " We subsidize happy meals ( TM ) , not healthy meals . "
How much profit is there in raw broccoli or carrots ?
Precious little .
How " good " does packaged and fast food taste without high levels of salt , fat and sweeteners ?
Not very .
The quality of the nation 's food has deteriorated without our being aware of it .
One of the old farmers in King Corn flat - out states , " We 're growing crap . "
An academic in the film observes of corn-fed cattle fattened in massive feedlots and kept alive with monstrous amounts of antibiotics :
The typical American hamburger is a fat burger ( 65 % of total calories are from fat ) held together by some meat .
This was not the case 40 years ago .
Two generations ago cattle were routinely grass - fed ( so - called free - range animals ) and then fattened up with grain for 60 days or so prior to slaughter .
They ate grass for up to two years .
Now they are taken as calves and fed corn for 150 days in confined areas and then slaughtered .
Which animal do you reckon is healthier for you to eat ?
As I describe in Survival + , a key way the status quo maintains power and control is by making history , even recent history , largely inaccessible .
Another subject of the film was a gentleman who drank a liter or two of soda every day which was sweetened with high - fructose corn syrup .
Not too surprisingly ( or perhaps it was a surprise to him ? ) , he ballooned up to 300 pounds and became diabetic .
Let 's ask of this " healthcare reform bill " which will direct 16 % - 20 % of the entire nation 's GDP to a handful of cartels : how many of the trillions of dollars will be directed to educate American kids over the course of not a semester , but over a decade of integrated curriculum , about diet , nutrition , fitness , cuisine and the responsibility they have for their own health ?
Essentially none .
An educated public is one which might shy away from fat - burgers , liters of soda and other extremely profitable products hawked by the food industries .
The sad truth is that there is essentially no profit in helping people stay healthy and immense profit in managing their chronic diseases .
Yes , " defensive medicine " ( ordering needless tests and medications by the boatload to fend off future lawsuits ) is a factor , and so is the insanity of paperwork ( by some estimates , 40 % of the entire $ 2.4 trillion sickcare system is squandered on paperwork and fraud ) .
But we have to face the reality that the system incentivizes chronic illness ( the fee - for - service model ) and a growing multitude of questionable tests , drugs and procedures and offers radically perverse disincentives for helping people stay healthy .
There is literally no way to charge a fat fee - for - service for helping people stay healthy .
A large number of healthcare professionals ( RNs and physicians ) read this blog ( I am not sure why , but I am honored by their readership and insights ) .
Thus I am aware of the " dirty little secret " known to healthcare professionals : the standard - issue American patient takes little to no responsibility for their own health .
They demand a prescription for the medication they saw advertised every half - hour on TV , they want an antibiotic for their cold , even after being told viruses do not respond to antibiotics , they resist stopping smoking , entering AA to address their alcoholism , etc .
So what does this " healthcare reform " do to increase the level of knowledge and responsibility required of a free people ?
Nothing .
There is only one thing we know for sure about the U.S. sickcare system , " reformed " in this fashion : it will bankrupt the nation within the decade .
The truly sad thing is that it does n't feel good to eat unhealthy food and sit around in unfit torpor ; chronic diseases are terrible burdens , and people are needlessly losing years off their lives .
The sad thing is that this " reform " by the Powers That Be is a mere simulacrum , an elaborate facsimile of the real reform we need to not just lower costs but improve the health of the nation 's citizens .
Should n't that be the goal ?
If that truly was the goal , the first step would be to strip the power of the sickcare , agribusiness , pharmaceutical , fast food , etc. etc. cartels to shape policy and control the media .
Educating the public rather then enabling cartel propaganda would be a good second step , along with making the citizenry responsible for their own health once again rather than cede it to the Savior State and its " private partners , " the cartels .
Here are a few books of interest on these topics :
The China Study : The Most Comprehensive Study of Nutrition Ever Conducted and the Startling Implications for Diet , Weight Loss and Long- term Health
The End of Overeating : Taking Control of the Insatiable American Appetite . )
The Omnivore 's Dilemma : A Natural History of Four Meals
Diet for a Small Planet
Rats in the Grain : The Dirty Tricks and Trials of Archer Daniels Midland , the Supermarket to the World
The Informant : A True Story
Fast Food Nation ( book )
Permanent link : Why " Healthcare Reform " Is Not Reform , Part I
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Expanded free eBook now available ( 85,300 words , 136 pages ) :
in HTML : Survival + in PDF : Survival +
NOTE : the Kindle reader for PCs is now available for free which means you can read the Kindle version of Survival + on your PC .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
Thank you , Barney S. ( $ 15 ) , for yet another most generous contribution to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
There is a powerful argument that is frequently used in metaethics ( and elsewhere ) .
It ’s based on the idea that disagreement requires shared concepts .
Thus , by looking at who we can intuitively disagree with we can determine who we share our concepts with .
And , in when it comes to morality , it seems we can disagree with people who classify very different things under moral terms .
As a result , it is argued , ethical terms cannot have ‘ descriptive content ’ .
I used to think that this great argument works .
Today I ’m feeling less certain about this and I ’d like to hear about your thoughts .
Here is why .
One of the original formulations of the argument is from Hare 52 ( as quoted in Smith 94 ) – the classic cannibal case :
Let us suppose that a missionary , armed with a grammar book , lands on a cannibal island .
The vocabulary of his grammar book gives him the equivalent , in the cannibals ’ language , of the English word ‘ good ’ .
Let us suppose that , by a strange coincidence , the word is ‘ good ’ .
And , let us suppose , also , that it really is equivalent – that it is , as the Oxford English Dictionary puts it , ‘ the most general adjective of commendation ’ ...
If the missionary has mastered his vocabulary , he can , so long as he uses the word evaluatively and not descriptively , communicate with them quite happily .
They know that when he uses the word he is commending the person or object that he applies it to .
The only thing they find odd is that he applies it to such unexpected people , people who are meek and gentle and do not collect large quantities of scalps ; whereas they themselves are accustomed to commend people who are bold and burly and collect more scalps than the average .
We thus have a situation which would appear paradoxical to someone who thought ‘ good ’ … was a quality word like ‘ red ’ .
Even if the qualities in people which the missionary commended had nothing in common with the qualities which the cannibals commended , yet they would both mean what the word ‘ good ’ meant .
If good were like ‘ red ’ , this would be impossible ; for the cannibals ’ word and the English word would not be synonymous ...
It is because in its primary evaluative meaning ‘ good ’ means neither of these things , but is in both languages the most general adjective of commendation , that the missionary can use it to teach the cannibals Christian morals .
I just love this passage .
In any case , much after Hare ’s argument , it seemed like some philosophers wanted to apply Putnam / Kripke natural - kind semantics to moral terms .
Smith , Horgan and Timmons , and others then applied Hare ’s argument against such attempts .
On the new naturalist views , people ’s referential intentions or their use of the term ‘ good ’ would fix the reference of ‘ good ’ to some natural property that would then constitute goodness is .
Yet , the speakers can be quite unaware of what that property is , and this would explains the intuitions behind the open question arguments .
Unfortunately , it seems like we can imagine cases in which the reference gets fixed to slightly different natural properties in different communities .
As a result , the content of the goodness claims in these communities will be different .
We ’ll be talking about what ’s good ( imagine , H 2 O ) whereas they ’ll be talking about what ’s tgood ( XYZ ) .
This would mean that there would be no real disagreements but rather talking past one another .
Yet , it seems intuitive , almost platitudinous , that when A says ‘x is right ’ and B ‘x is not right ’ in these cases they disagree ( as Smith says ) just as long as their terms play corresponding practical roles .
There is a naive answer to this argument .
It says that people in the disagreement scenarios only think that they disagree substantially whereas in fact they really do n’t as they have different concepts .
And , it is easy to motivate why we would act as if we disagreed .
This would be a way of getting the other party to adopt our concept .
Given the practical role of the concepts , this would affect their behaviour .
Some conceptual disagreements really are worth fighting for .
The defenders of the argument have a response to the naive answer .
They say that to claim that there is no real disagreement would be chauvinistic conceptual relativism .
On this view , part of the argument rests on our conceptual competence with the moral terms .
The awareness of when one has a real substantial disagreement with others is part of that competence .
This is why it is platitudinous that we would be disagreeing with the cannibals ( as Smith puts it ) .
And , it does seem offensive to be told that , despite what you honestly think , you are n’t really disagreeing about real moral issues .
This would be to challenge your competence .
I used to think that this must be right .
But , then I heard Stephen Yablo mention how our intuitions about whether our disagreements are substantial or conceptual are more than shaky .
If this were right , then knowing when one is in a substantial disagreement would not necessarily be part of conceptual competence and the naive answer might be defended .
Consider following kind of cases .
Imagine that you go see a film with your teenage son .
He buys a large bucket of popcorn .
In this situation , it is easy to imagine that you could have a disagreement about whether that is a lot of popcorn ( ‘ that ’s a lot of popcorn ’ , ‘ no it is n’t ’ sounds natural ) .
In this case , when you think of the situation philosophically , it is just as easy to think that the disagreement is merely a conceptual one .
You and your son would clearly have different standards for what is a lot of popcorn and you are both saying something about the amount of popcorn relative to your standards .
Yet , you can go on disagreeing .
So , it does seem that the real disagreement here is about what is the standard of assessment to use in buying popcorn .
Thus , in a sense , you are disagreeing because you do have different concepts and this disagreement seems conceptual .
It would also be hard to think that Hare ’s argument shows in this case that ‘ a lot ’ does not have descriptive meaning .
On the other hand , it does n’t seem like when you put yourself in the situation you would describe yourself as having a disagreement about what ‘ a lot ’ means or which concept is the one use .
The idea of making a semantic ascent within that situation itself seems odd even if that would be what really seems to be going on from the outside .
So , I ’m starting wonder why the naturalist could not say something similar about the cannibal and twin - earth cases .
The point would just be that it ’s not part of our semantic competence as competent speakers to know whether we would be having substantial or conceptual disagreements .
We do n’t really care or need to care in real situations .
If this were right , then the intuition that we would be having a disagreement would not be enough to show that we share the same concepts .
This was actually good .
In my notes , I asked for nothing related to Twilight and nothing religious .
So , what did my Santa do ?
Of course , he sent a magazine devoted to Jacob from the Twilight series and a card with lots of religious holidays in a box with a picture of Jesus and Mary on it .
Inside , there was a " just kidding ! " note , along with a Quebecan CD and Part 2 of a Full Metal Alchemist box set ( bootleg , lol ) , along with a $ 15 Best Buy gift card !
It was quite funny , considering my Mom could n't stop laughing after I pulled the magazine out of the box ...
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Before Copenhagen fades into memory I want to celebrate one of its lesser noted but more delightful chapters .
If you recall , Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) was planning on rounding up some fellow senators and heading to Copenhagen as a “ truth squad . ”
The “ truth ” he intended to impart to world leaders is that the U.S. Senate will never pass a climate bill .
You might think it ’s an extraordinary event , a sitting legislator traveling abroad specifically and explicitly to undermine his country ’s president in an international negotiation .
But you see , Inhofe ’s a Republican and IOKYR so there was never any particular outcry .
Help Grist raise $ 20,000 by 9/30 .
Just click the image above ☝️
Thing is , Inhofe is a joke , nationally and internationally .
No U.S. senator wanted to squander his or her credibility by traveling with Inhofe , so he ended up going alone .
And when he got there , not a single government official from any nation was willing to appear with him , so he ended up speaking with a derisory coterie of reporters and … oh , just watch Rachel Maddow tell the story :
Sometimes life tosses you a bone , you know ?
UPDATE : Just for kicks , here ’s a forlorn Inhofe with a COP15 afro :
Spread the news on what the føck is going on in Copenhagen with friends via email , Facebook , Twitter , or smoke signals .
Lots of people have asked me for albums I think sound great – so , here are some that spring instantly to mind .
I should say upfront , this is n’t intended to be some kind of “ top 12 best sounding albums ever ” list , just some from my own collection that I love the sound of , for whatever reason .
If you take a listen , you ’ll probably notice some pretty clear recurring themes – suggestions in the comments , please !
I ’ve compiled this Spotify Playlist so you can hear the songs .
So , in no particular order :
Beck – Sea Change
Why ?
Simply one of the best - sounding albums of all time .
Big , warm , intimate , natural , atmospheric … and that ’s not even mentioning the surround mix !
Favourite track ?
“ Lonesome Tears ” – incredible drum sound , swooping , swirling strings , and a superb “ Day In The Life ” - esque climax .
Oh , the strings …
JJ Cale – Troubadour
Why ?
It just sounds so real , so natural , and and so cool .
No fuss , no gimmicks , it just does exactly what it says on the tin .
Eric Clapton owes this man a great deal .
Favourite track : “ Cherry ” Such an amazing double - tracked vocal sound
Burial – Untrue
Why ?
Brooding , dark , glitchy , with rumbling subsonic basslines – what ’s not to love ?
A sonic world you can sink into and lose yourself in .
Favourite track : “ Archangel ”
Prince – Sign o’ The Times
Why ?
This album is Prince at his peak – playing absolutely everything on many of the tracks , he has n’t sounded this good since he threw away the drum machines .
Dry , clean , bass - light , with his trademark guitar - sound and brass section .
Sound effects , varispeed vocals , wild guitar solos – unparalleled .
Favourite track : “ Sign o’ The Times ” .
No , “ Housequake ” .
I mean , “ If I Was You Girlfriend ” .
Oh hell , all of them !
Peter Gabriel 4 ( ‘ Security ’ )
Why ?
This was the other tape I played non -stop back - to - back with ‘ Sign o’ The Times ’ for a whole summer .
Another artist at the top of his game , full of distinctive production techniques , including one of the earliest uses of that eighties staple – the gated reverb .
Favourite track : “ I Have The Touch ”
Bjork – Homeogenic
Why ?
This album is another “ sonic world ” for me – almost entirely beats , synths and strings , and featuring some of my favourite Bjork songs of all time .
Mesmeric .
Favourite track : “ Joga ”
Gil Scott - Heron – Pieces Of A Man
Why ?
There are times when all you want from a production is straightforward , honest recordings of the instruments , and that ’s what I love here .
Powerful lyrics and simple , direct production .
Favourite track : “ Lady Day and John Coltrane ”
Frankie Goes To Hollywood – Welcome To The Pleasuredome
Why ?
At the other extreme , I do n’t see how anyone who loves music production can argue with this choice – where the producer played almost all of the instruments !
Perhaps the perfect example of manufactured sound ?
Favourite track : “ Welcome to The Pleasuredome ” , especially the introduction .
I just love the bird sound effects ( or , are they synths ? ) and the little vocoder - thing that introduces the beat .
Goldfrapp – Felt Mountain
Why ?
Any album that seamlessly blends an operatic vocal with what sounds like a theremin and then changes one into the other until you ca n’t tell any more where one begins and the other ends is always going to get my vote … but there are so many moments I love on this album .
Electronica , soundtrack , synth - pop , folk , cabaret … magic .
Favourite track : “ Utopia ”
Brian Eno & David Byrne – My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts
Why ?
This album was insanely influential , and is an all - time favourite of mine .
Production - wise , they invented sampling before the sampler existed – what more do you want ?
OK then , how about complex african rhythms , startlingly innovative textures and a song that soundtracks an exorcism ?
Favourite track : “ Regiment ”
Imogen Heap – Speak For Yourself
Why ?
Regular readers will already know how highly I rate Immi as a producer – check out her YouTube video diaries where ( for example ) she plays the light fittings in the ceiling of her studio , amongst other things .
My only reservation is that if anything , her albums end up sounding a little too polished , so all those wacky sounds drift past without us noticing them properly .
Luckily , we can always go and see her live !
Favourite track : “ Hide and Seek ”
Pet Sounds – The Beach Boys
Why ?
This is one of my favourite albums of all time – but oddly enough , only since I heard the stereo mixes .
There are people who swear by the original mono release , but I need the ear - candy .
It ’s just a sublime example of arrangements supporting incredible songs .
I ca n’t recommend the “ Sessions ” box - set highly enough – hearing the instrumental backings alone , and the studio out - takes where Wilson experiments with combining sounds is a revelation .
This man was using additive synthesis long before the synthesiser was ever invented …
Favourite track : “ Do n’t Talk ( Put Your Head On My Shoulder ) ”
And finally , a few that nearly - made - the - list - but - did n’t , either because they were a bit “ obvious ” or because I wanted more variety : Blur – Parklife ; The Beatles – Rubber Soul ; Stevie Wonder – Songs In The Key Of Life ; Pink Floyd – The Wall ( Actually “ Wish You Were Here ” is the best - sounding Floyd album , but The Wall is another little sonic world … ) ; Miles Davis – Kind Of Blue ; Primal Scream – Vanishing Point ( bass clarinet , baby ! ) ; Radiohead – In Rainbows ; Steven Wilson – Insurgentes ; Supergrass – I Should Coco ; Underworld – Dubnobasswithmyheadman ; The Strokes – Is This It ; Nick Drake – Five Leaves Left ; Pixies – Trompe le Monde … and many others !
Edit to add – almost anything by Alison Krauss !
Edit # 2 – lots of great suggestions in the comments – how could I forget Nevermind ?!
– but check out my comments about one of them in particular , in the next post – Personality In Audio
OK , let ’s have it then – which are your favourite albums sonically , and why ?
If you found this post interesting , you might like to check out my recent eBook ,
“ The Best Of Production Advice ” – it has all the best content from this site site to help you start improving your recording , mixing and production skills today .
For more information , click here .
A senior Obama administration official said the announcement was carefully timed to resuscitate the talks before Mr. Obama ’s arrival .
Image Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton with Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain during the World Climate Conference in Copenhagen on Thursday .
Credit ...
Pool photograph by Peter Macdiarmid
“ It ’s a negotiation , ” he explained .
But Mrs. Clinton ’s offer came with two significant conditions .
First , the 192 nations involved in the talks here must reach a comprehensive political agreement that takes effect immediately .
Second , and more critically , all nations must agree to some form of verification  she repeatedly used the term “ transparency ”  to ensure they are meeting their environmental promises .
China , the world ’s largest producer of greenhouse gases , has brought the talks to a virtual standstill all week over this issue , which its leaders claim to be an affront to national sovereignty .
But the Chinese balkiness on the issue is matched in large measure by Mr. Obama ’s own constraints .
The Senate has not yet acted on a climate bill that the president needs to make good on his promises of emissions reductions and on the financial support that he has now promised the rest of the world .
“ The president and his team have been doing everything possible to create a deal that is fair to the U.S. and facilitates international agreement , ” said Paul Bledsoe of the National Commission on Energy Policy , a bipartisan advisory group .
“ But if the Chinese will not accept monitoring of emissions , then a deal is not worth doing . ”
China appeared to crack the door a bit toward a system of reporting its emissions and its actions to reduce them on Thursday .
He Yafei , the vice foreign minister , repeated China ’s opposition to any intrusive international monitoring regime in a news conference on Thursday .
But he said his country would consider voluntary “ international exchanges ” of information on its climate programs .
Administration officials here were not ready to publicly declare any breakthroughs in their talks with China and other nations on verification measures .
As many as 265 people have died from the flu and other acute respiratory viral infections in Ukraine as of November 13 including 26 over the past 24 hours , the Ukrainian Health Ministry ’s press service reported on Friday .
Since the start of the epidemic , 1.3 million people have contracted flu and acute respiratory infections , including 55 , 353 in the last 24 hours .
Some 69 , 691 people have been hospitalized during the epidemic , including 4 , 076 over the past 24 hours .
From his garden in the New Forest , Professor Greg Parker takes images of deep space which are now collected in his book Star Vistas .
Included in the book is this image of NGC 2264 or as it is more commonly known , The Christmas Tree Nebula
Credit : PROF GREG PARKER / BARCROFT MEDIA
And calls the stupid kids " Hitler Youth " again .
Repeatedly .
In terms of the occupancy rate , 2009 was the worst year since the Great Depression ( close to 55 % ) .
And last week was no exception with Smith Travel Research reporting the occupancy rate fell to 33.8 percent - the lowest weekly occupancy rate on record .
From HotelNewsNow.com : STR reports US performance for week ending 26 December
In year - over - year measurements , the industry ’s occupancy fell 5.4 percent to end the week at 33.8 percent .
Average daily rate dropped 8.0 percent to finish the week at US $ 85.78 .
Revenue per available room for the week decreased 13.0 percent to finish at US $ 29.02 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the occupancy rate by week for each of the last four years ( 2006 through 2009 labeled by start of month ) .
Note : Some of the holidays do n't line up - especially at the end of the year .
Data Source : Smith Travel Research , Courtesy of HotelNewsNow.com
( Note : They have a free daily email too for hotel news ) The end of the year can be a little confusing because of the holidays , and the next key weeks will be mid-to - late January to see if business travel is picking up in 2010 .
Shopping
The best Halloween costumes for men under $ 75 Transform into one of your favorite characters or heroes without breaking the bank .
Shopping Disney is now offering 30 % off Halloween costumes From classic characters to new favorites , and everything in between , this sale has a great ...
Shopping
The best Halloween face masks , from cute to creepy Turn Halloween into a season - long celebration by switching out your face mask for something a ...
Josh McAdams and I are about to finish off Effective Perl Programming , which is already on Amazon for pre-order .
We just have to finish off the last item , a list of really cool Perl one - liners .
We have the stuff that we use ourselves , but we know there is a lot more out there .
What 's in your login files ?
Have you written a really cool Perl one - liner ?
We 're especially interested in one - liners that do interesting Windows things .
Do you have something that interacts with Office ( or maybe plays MineSweeper for you ) ?
Maybe you have something that you type in the SSH shell on your iPhone ?
Are you doing something with Perl and Android ?
Show us what you have , give us a couple of sentences about what it does , and how you 'd like your name to appear in the book .
The contents of the upvote contained a slide whistle and a music box set , and a nondescript can .
Within the can was a hand written note , sushi stapler ( with staples ! ) , Adhesive Bacon Bandages ( with a free toy inside ) , rubber peanut , and last but not least a spoonfork , I 'll have to look up the official name as I have never seen one before .
All in all , an awesome Secret Santa Gift !
Thanks !
* Fish kill netted one carp , but others may have sunk
* State of Michigan to demand watersheds be separated
* Electric barrier does not solve , environmentalists say
CHICAGO , Dec 7 ( Reuters ) -
The waterway that allows invasive Asian carp into the Great Lakes should be closed , Michigan ’s attorney general said on Monday as the state prepared a lawsuit to protect its fishing and tourism industries .
“ Asian carp must be stopped now because we will not have a second chance once they enter Lake Michigan , ” Attorney General Mike Cox said .
His office said it would file suit soon against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , the state of Illinois and Chicago ’s sewer authority .
It would ask a judge to order the separation of the Mississippi River ’s watershed from that of the Great Lakes , at least temporarily , to protect Michigan ’s $ 7 billion lake - related leisure and tourism industry .
Authorities fear that if the carp swim up to the Great Lakes , which supply water for tens of millions of people , they would ruin the lakes ’ $ 7 billion fishery and disturb the environment by consuming the bottom of the food chain and crowding out native species .
Shippers have said closing the canal leading to the lakes could be disastrous for them , and would require 15 million tonnes of commodities that travel by barge annually to move by rail or truck instead .
Leisure boaters could also be affected .
The Army Corps of Engineers completed maintenance work on Friday on a custom - made electric barrier in a canal designed to keep the prolific and voracious Bighead and Silver carp out of Lake Michigan , and the barrier was turned back on .
A toxin was poured into the canal last week to kill all the fish for 6 miles ( 10 km ) below the barrier to keep the carp at bay while the electricity was off .
So far , only one Bighead carp was found among the thousands of fish scooped up in the huge fish kill , but authorities said carp tend to sink when poisoned so that was no indication of how close the fish have gotten to the barrier or to Lake Michigan .
Bighead carp DNA was detected recently on the lake side of the barrier , and environmentalists warned it may already be too late to keep the carp out .
“ The electrical barrier has never been intended as a permanent solution .
We certainly ca n’t rely on ( the poison ) rotenone as the solution .
How do we solve this problem once and for all ? ” Joel Brammeier of the Alliance for the Great Lakes said .
A spokesman for the Army Corps of Engineers had no comment on the pending lawsuit .
The Army Corps is supposed to be analyzing the feasibility of permanently closing the link , which was created more than a century ago in a massive engineering project that included reversing the direction of the Chicago River .
The Catholic Church in DC threatens to not do unto Jesus
Apparently it is more important to the Catholic Church to discriminate against gays than to do unto Jesus ’s most needy children as they would do unto Jesus .
I ’m sure Jesus will remember this when it comes time to review how they represented him on earth .
The Catholic Archdiocese of Washington said Wednesday that it will be unable to continue the social service programs it runs for the District if the city does n’t change a proposed same - sex marriage law , a threat that could affect tens of thousands of people the church helps with adoption , homelessness and health care .
Would that some “ Christians ” remembered what was most important to Jesus .
Which was n’t same sex marriage marriage , last time I read the New Testament .
Or they could stop calling themselves Christians , since it appears to be a lie , which is yet another sin .
Then he will say to those on his left , ‘ Depart from me , you accursed , into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels .
42 For I was hungry and you gave me no food , I was thirsty and you gave me no drink , 43 a stranger and you gave me no welcome , naked and you gave me no clothing , ill and in prison , and you did not care for me . ’
44 Then they will answer and say , ‘ Lord , when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or ill or in prison , and not minister to your needs ? ’
45
He will answer them , ‘ Amen , I say to you , what you did not do for one of these least ones , you did not do for me . ’
46
And these will go off to eternal punishment , but the righteous to eternal life . ”
0
Throwback
" The UCD coffee house makes the unique tatros cookie .
Now , for the first time , the recipe is appearing on a cooking website .
All props go to sassynach on LiveJournal for this recipe .
It is undergoing some fine - tuning .
Feel free to make suggestions . "
Technologically depressed ( Image : Andrzej Krauze )
“ THE age of melancholy ” is how psychologist Daniel Goleman describes our era .
People today experience more depression than previous generations , despite the technological wonders that help us every day .
It might be because of them .
Our lifestyles are increasingly driven by technology .
Phones , computers and the internet pervade our days .
There is a constant , nagging need to check for texts and email , to update Facebook , MySpace and Linked In profiles , to acquire the latest notebook or 3G cellphone .
Are we being served by these technological wonders or have we become enslaved by them ?
I study the …
For the first time since the establishment of all - volunteer forces in 1973 , the US military has met all of its recruiting goals .
This success can be attributed in part to the new video games and graphic novels aimed at America ’s youth .
It may sound like the US military has solved a major recruitment problem , but there may be a high cost .
In another first , suicides among US soldiers have hit a post - Vietnam War high for the fifth year in a row .
Though the record suicide rate cannot be traced to a single causal factor , specialists cite the psychological trauma of killing , an American culture of denial , financial difficulties , failed relationships , substance abuse , and post - traumatic stress disorder as main contributors to the trend .
Despite the five - year span , Army Vice Chief of Staff Peter Chiarelli admitted recently the US Army was still short the 300 substance abuse counselors and 800 behavioral specialists needed to cope with the problem .
Though the US military professes concern for the psychological health of its service members , this personnel gap is just one example of the strong evidence to the contrary .
The current recruiting tactics aimed at America ’s youth are especially concerning .
Not only do the very tactics that have been boosting recruitment sanitize war and create false expectations , they prey upon the vulnerable imaginations of children .
Throughout 2009 the military has aggressively expanded its marketing campaign targeting teenagers .
Efforts include the release of Version 3 of the taxpayer - sponsored video game America ’s Army , two graphic novels that look and read like comic books , and a unique 14,500 - sq. - ft. arcade – or “ Army Experience Center ” – in a Philadelphia mall that is filled with simulators and shooter video games .
One reason for the armed forces ’ recruiting success is the economic collapse and the ongoing jobs crisis .
But this year ’s record recruitment can only be fully understood in the context of the remarkable shift in tactics that began a decade ago .
In 1999 , the military had its worst recruiting year in 30 , and Congress called for “ aggressive , innovative ” new approaches .
Private - sector specialists were brought in , including the top advertising agency Leo Burnett , and the Army Marketing Brand Group was formed .
A key aim of the new recruitment strategy was to ensure long - term success by cultivating the allegiance of teenage Americans .
Part of the new campaign , helping the post - 9/11 recruiting bump , was the free video game America ’s Army .
Since its release , different versions of the war game have been downloaded more than 40 million times , enough to put it in the Guinness book of world records .
According to a 2008 study by researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , “ the game had more impact on recruits than all other forms of Army advertising combined . ”
America ’s Army targets 13 - to - 21 - year - olds .
The T for Teen rating was attained because designers were , as one Army spokesman said in 2002 , “ very careful on the blood thing . ”
Designers emphasize the game ’s realism , but the game is only realistic on a superficial level .
Their conception of authenticity consists of realistic movement , gun clips that fall away at the right speed , and night vision goggles that make the same exact whir as the actual goggles do .
The Navy ’s 10 - page graphic novel , “ Bravo Zulu , ” aimed at minority high school students , was released in May .
Its plot is as cartoonish as its sound effects : “ KLANK , ” “ FZZZZZZZ , ” “ KA - KREEK , ” “ FZAAAAAAT . ”
The Army ’s graphic novel , “ Knowledge is Power , ” was released in tandem with “ America ’s Army 3 . ”
The graphic novel portrays a staff sergeant surviving an explosion unharmed .
His exclamation to the rookie soldier who saved him implies that this shows it was wrong to be “ worried about bein ’ here ! ”
That these efforts are unfaithful to war ’s reality has not gone unnoticed .
Protesting the Army Experience Center in Philadelphia , Sgt. Jesse Hamilton , who served two tours in Iraq and nine total in the military , expressed disgust that the Army has “ resorted to such a deceiving recruitment strategy . ”
It ’s an approach that could have detrimental long - term effects .
“ The video game generation is worse at distorting the reality ” of war , according to one Air Force colonel .
Although they may be more talented at operating predator drones , the colonel told the Brookings Institution , “ They do n’t have that sense of what [ is ] really going on . ”
With the war in Iraq and America ’s surge in Afghanistan , heavy deployment cycles will undoubtedly extend the military ’s current “ stress window . ”
“ This is not business as usual , ” said Mr. Chiarelli of the “ devastating ” suicide rate .
To be sure , Vets from World War II and Vietnam had shell shock and PTSD without video game recruitment , but targeting teens with video games and graphic novels that ignore the psychological realities of war is not the way to solve the recruitment problem at a time when the psychological health of those who are sent to Afghanistan and Iraq should be a top priority .
If recruiting goals ca n’t be met without employing these deceptive tactics , the military must do better at explaining just how current engagements protect American interests .
Jamie Holmes is a research associate at New America Foundation .
---
Want to join the conversation ?
Follow us on facebook
While the world ’s attention has been sharply focused on the anti-homosexuality bill now pending before the legislature in Uganda , no one has seemed to notice that Rwanda is not far behind its continental cousin .
The Rwandan parliament is set to vote on a measure to criminalize homosexuality :
On December 16 , 2009 , the lower house of the Rwandan Parliament will hold its final debate on a draft revision of the penal code that will , for the first time , make homosexuality a crime in Rwanda .
A vote on this draft code will occur before the end of the week .
The International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission ( IGLHRC ) has learned that the proposed Article 217 of the draft Penal Code Act will criminalize “ [ a ] ny person who practices , encourages or sensitizes people of the same sex , to sexual relation or any sexual practice . ”
If the Chamber of Deputies approves , the draft code will go before the Rwandan Senate most likely in early 2010 .
It ’s not like this is shocking news on the continent where 38 of Africa ’s 53 nations outlaw homosexuality , including Kenya where a homosexual act can land you in prison for up to 14 years .
But that ’s just the tip of the iceberg :
Nigeria has a similar bill ( to the Ugandan legislation ) waiting to reach its statute books and already allows the death penalty for homosexuality in northern states , as does Sudan .
Burundi criminalised homosexuality in April this year , joining 37 other African nations where gay sex is already illegal .
Egypt and Mali are creeping towards criminalisation , using morality laws against same - sex couples .
The problems are not just on the African continent .
Iran regularly condemns people to death for acts of sodomy :
The Courts in Iran have sentenced a number of men to death after they were accused and convicted of sodomy .
Under Iranian law , sodomy includes sexual intercourse between members of the same sex , and is illegal .
The punishment for same - sex intercourse between two men ( Lavaat ) is death and between two women ( Mosaheghe ) is 100 lashes for the first three offenses and the death penalty for the fourth .
For Africa , however , the continued demonization of homosexuality in particular has been encouraged by religious right factions from America .
An investigation by Political Research Associates ( PRA ) , and its project director Reverend Kapya Kaoma shows a direct connection between right - wing religious proselytizing on the continent and the rise of anti-gay measures :
Kaoma argues that the US Right – once isolated in Africa for supporting pro-apartheid , white supremacist regimes – has successfully reinvented itself as the mainstream of US evangelicalism .
Through their extensive communications networks in Africa , social welfare projects , Bible schools , and educational materials , US religious conservatives warn of the dangers of homosexuals and present themselves as the true representatives of US evangelicalism , so helping to marginalise Africans ’ relationships with mainline Protestant churches .
“ We need to stand up against the US Christian Right peddling homophobia in Africa , ” said Kaoma .
“ I heard church people in Uganda say they would go door to door to root out LGBT people and now our brothers and sisters are being further targeted by proposed legislation criminalising them and threatening them with death .
The scapegoating must stop . ”
For that scapegoating to stop , strong opposition must be raised by religious voices not just in America but around the world .
We already know that we cannot count on the likes of Rick Warren or even Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams to be leading voices against the persecution of gays and lesbians in Africa or anywhere else in the world .
Williams was quicker to speak out against the appointment of a new lesbian bishop in the Episcopal Church than he was to speak against the anti-gay bill in Uganda .
Christians in America have difficulty speaking out against injustices close to home , be it poverty , the destruction of the middle class , or anything else that they do n’t see as threatening their own immediate safety or security .
Speaking out against a measure half a world away seems like an impossible task to get people riled up about – but we must .
The religious right is using its influence in Africa to create the society it has n’t been able to create here – a theocracy where gays and lesbians are disappeared – in very permanent ways .
Even among the gay and lesbian community it can be easy to turn a deaf ear and a blind eye to the struggles of our brothers and sisters overseas .
A new report from the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) shows that over the past decade , conditions have improved for the LGBT community in America .
Two - thirds of the 36 benchmarks show significant advances , including sharp increases in the number of LGBT Americans protected by nondiscrimination and family recognition legislation at the state level .
Less than one quarter of the indicators are negative , and four metrics show little change ( either positive or negative ) .
The report shows that an increasing number of people believe homosexuality to be morally acceptable ( 49 % in 2009 , up from 40 % in 2000 ) , and while only 39 percent support marriage equality for gays and lesbians , 57 percent support civil unions .
Among those supporting civil unions are religious people :
In 2004 , a Pew study showed that 60 % of Protestants opposed civil unions ; that number dropped to 50 % by 2009 .
Catholic opposition to civil unions fell from 40 % to 28 % over the same period .
White Evangelical opposition to civil unions fell the most , from 81 % opposed in 2004 to just 58 % opposed in 2009 .
While we LGBT people in America celebrate our progress over the past decade , we cannot forget that those in other areas of the world struggling simply to stay alive .
We must continue to work for full equality of LGBT people around the globe .
They are our brothers and sisters , too , and they deserve to live in freedom just as much as we do .
As people of faith , whether we agree on the issue of homosexuality or not , it is incumbent upon each of us to speak out wherever injustice is happening .
As the apostle Paul reminds us , we are one body , and whenever one portion of the body suffers , we all suffer .
We can not sit idly by while the gay and lesbian portion of Christ ’s body is mutilated and murdered .
Doing so constitutes a corporate sin of which we are all guilty .
Hervé Philippe est un professeur réputé travaillant au Département de Biochimie de l’Université de Montréal ( si j ’en crois les comptes rendus sur ses activités ) .
C’est aussi un chercheur engagé intellectuellement et qui réfléchit sur ses pratiques , notamment du point de vue écologique .
Et les conséquences environnementales de ses activités l’inquiètent …
C’est ce qu’il a voulu montrer dans un petit article paru l’année dernière dans la revue Trends in Genetics et visiblement écrit pour favoriser la prise de conscience de ses collègues .
Il y pointe la situation presque paradoxale dans laquelle se trouvent les scientifiques et notamment ceux de la communauté dont il fait partie : d’un côté , leurs recherches sont censées aider à réduire les effets négatifs des activités humaines sur les systèmes naturels , mais d’un autre côté , l’activité de la communauté scientifique dans son ensemble peut elle - même constituer un facteur de pression sur l’environnement .
Hervé Philippe a en effet essayé de quantifier son impact sur l’environnement pour 2007 ( déplacements , consommations liées à l’informatique , etc. ) .
D’après ses calculs , ses émissions de CO 2 seraient au moins deux fois plus élevées que celles de l’Américain moyen ( notoirement connu pour monopoliser la première place du palmarès en la matière ) .
D’où les préoccupations du chercheur si les résultats , même approximatifs , sont extrapolés à l’ensemble de ceux dont la science est le métier affiché .
Le bougisme académique est notamment visé .
En effet , les conférences scientifiques , avec tous les déplacements qu’elles supposent ( notamment lorsqu’il s’agit de conférences internationales attirant des chercheurs de différents coins de la planète ) , participent aussi d’une certaine manière à l’émission d’une quantité importante de gaz à effet de serre .
Sa conclusion ?
Tout simplement inciter les scientifiques à se demander s’ils ne devraient pas être parmi les premiers à se rallier à la « décroissance » .
Et pour cela , réduire de manière significative le nombre de conférences ( en les remplaçant par des rassemblements moins fréquents , mais plus longs ) , recourir plus souvent aux vidéoconférences ou organiser des conférences « virtuelles ».
D’où le titre de l’article : « Less is more : decreasing the number of scientific conferences to promote economic degrowth » .
Hervé Philippe pense que la réduction du nombre de conférences pourrait avoir un effet exemplaire et symbolique , précisément pour inciter d’autres secteurs fortement émetteurs à des comportements plus maîtrisés .
Il ne va pas néanmoins jusqu’à mettre en doute l’intérêt de ces rassemblements académiques .
Après tout , le sociologue / philosophe Jean Baudrillard avait une vision bien plus désenchantée de l’utilité des conférences académiques .
Dans
Pour une critique de l’économie politique du signe ( Gallimard , 1972 ) , il affirmait en effet que : «
Les congrès servent à peu près autant à l’avancement du savoir que les courses de chevaux et les paris à l’avancement de la race chevaline » .
Le texte d’Hervé Philippe est accessible en ligne pour ceux qui peuvent passer par une institution abonnée .
Sinon , une recherche sur votre moteur de recherche préféré donne rapidement accès aux positions du monsieur .
L’article s’avère toutefois trop court pour pouvoir aborder les idées du courant de la « décroissance » dans une perspective plus large .
Comme il y a aussi largement de quoi s’interroger sur les conditions à trouver pour pouvoir réaliser un tel projet , j ’en profite pour signaler en guise de complément un article qui vient de paraître ( « La décroissance soutenable face à la question du « comment ? ».
Une remise en perspective par les processus de transition et leurs conditions de réalisation » , Mouvements , n° 59 , juillet - septembre 2009 ) , téléchargeable sur le portail cairn pour ceux qui y ont accès ou récupérable sur le site de la revue dans une version qui avait été mise en ligne avant la publication au format papier .
Eighteen years after an Act outlawing them ... why are the devil dogs still killing our children ?
The haunting face of John - Paul Massey has stared out of our newspapers and television screens all this week .
The four - year - old was killed by a pit bull terrier called Uno at his grandmother 's home in Wavertree , Liverpool , on Sunday .
The little boy did n't stand a chance .
Uno , a huge white brute with the distinctive square head , small ears and powerful jaws of a killer dog , threw John - Paul about like a rag doll , gripping him mercilessly as his grandmother tried in vain to prise open its mouth to release her grandson .
The pit bull was later shot in the front garden by police .
As for John - Paul Massey , his mother , Angela , says simply : ' I can't believe this has happened to my baby boy . '
Haunting : John - Paul Massey was mauled to death by his uncle 's pit bull terrier in Wavertree , Liverpool , on Sunday
Uno 's owner was John - Paul 's 21 - year - old uncle , an Army squaddie named Christian , who left a handwritten note with flowers at the scene of the boy 's death .
It read : ' He was the best nephew in the world . '
That may be true - but such words can never bring back John - Paul .
The child was yet another innocent victim in a terrifying glut of killings and maulings by dogs in this country .
In February , a three - month - old boy , Jayden Joseph Mack , was killed by the family pet , a Staffordshire bull terrier , at his grandmother 's home in Ystrad Mynach , South Wales .
Uncle : 21 - year - old Christian Foulkes owned the dog that killed little John - Paul
A month later , three - year - old Demi Franklyn was attacked by a neighbour 's Japanese Akita fighting hound as she played outside her own front door in Shipley , Yorkshire .
The creature , called Tyson , suddenly turned on Demi , breaking her jaw and leaving the little girl with horrific head wounds .
Doctors said her injuries were so bad she may never smile again .
But these are n't the only recent attacks .
Ellie Lawrenson , aged five , of Liverpool , died after being bitten 72 times by a pit bull terrier , while one - year - old Archie - Lee Hirst , from Wakefield , and Cadey - Lee Deacon , aged five months , of Leicester , were each savaged to death by rottweilers .
So , 18 years after the introduction of the Dangerous Dogs '
Act which was meant to end such atrocities , how have these bloodthirsty creatures become such a nightmarish part of modern Britain ?
Today , there is a thriving market in devil dogs .
It is fuelled by an underground revival of the sordid ' sport ' of dog fighting , and the possession of a snarling so - called ' weapon ' dog is too often seen as a vital accessory for young thugs and criminal gangs - more so even than owning a flick knife or a sawn - off gun .
Kit Malthouse , London 's deputy mayor for policing , warned only recently : ' These dogs are no less dangerous than guns and knives , yet paradoxically they are harder to control .
' They often terrorise neighbourhoods , inflicting injury and sometimes killing children or adults .
We need tough legislation to stop those who breed dogs for fighting and attack . '
This year , it 's predicted that 800 potentially dangerous dogs will be seized by police in London alone .
That will be little consolation to the millions who use public parks or walk the streets of any town or city , and experience the fear that comes from crossing the path of these lethal animals and their mindless owners .
While pit bulls were banned by the 1991 Dangerous Dogs Act , in practice they have far from disappeared .
And , in any case , Staffordshire bull terriers , bull mastiffs , Rottweilers and other equally intimidating breeds can be bought with ease , as I shall explain later .
Deadly : Staffordshire terriers are used for dog fighting and as ' weapon dogs '
Brutalised by their irresponsible young , and invariably male , owners , the dogs are put on treadmills and hung from tree branches by their teeth to bulk up their muscles and strengthen their bite .
Some will be used in robberies and muggings .
In their ' training ' for such roles , animals are often provoked until they snarl , bare their teeth and prepare to make a ferocious attack - at which point they are rewarded by their owners with a piece of raw meat .
Vicious behaviour is encouraged in ' street - fighting ' , an increasingly popular hobby among gangs , where friends or rivals meet up on street corners and set their dogs on one another to see which is the toughest .
Many of these dogs are used simply to indulge their owners ' wish to upset law - abiding people .
They will be turned on neighbours ' cats - killing them in seconds for sport - or let loose in parks where they are encouraged to attack other dogs and their owners .
A recent crime survey found that a fear of dog- wielding hoodies outweighed that of graffiti or burglary .
And local authorities are suddenly demanding tough action from central government .
Victim : Ellie Lawrenson was killed by a dog - coincidentally also owned by her young uncle - on New Year 's Day 2007
Leading the fightback is the London borough of Wandsworth , which has become the first council to introduce compulsory dog micro-chipping on its council estates .
Those who do n't register for the scheme are potentially in breach of their tenancy conditions and could lose their property .
In a further crackdown , the Conservative - run Wandsworth has vowed to evict any council tenant who fails to keep their dog under control .
It is also liaising with other local authorities to lobby the Government to reintroduce a compulsory licence system for dog owners .
Unlike the old licence ( which cost £ 10 from the Post Office and was abandoned in 1987 ) , it would have very real ' teeth ' .
Ideally , Wandsworth would like the cost of the licence to be £ 500 , and the minimum age for dog ownership to be 20 .
' The problem is that just about anyone can own a dog , ' council leader Edward Lister explained .
' That 's got to change .
Most of the problems we have today are caused by young people who keep these menacing dogs .
The case for restoring the dog licence is overwhelming .'
Wandsworth 's case is strengthened by the fact that the number of people hospitalised in the capital after ' weapon - dog ' attacks has grown by 37 per cent .
In response , Scotland Yard has created a new unit to tackle the epidemic of dogs used as the ' weapon of choice ' by gangs , drug dealers and street thugs .
The popularity of fighting dogs has encouraged unscrupulous breeders to sell animals that are potential killers .
Yesterday , it was a simple task to find illegal pit bulls for sale .
At the click of a computer mouse , I found a woman selling an American pit bull terrier in Sheffield for £ 120 .
In Coventry , under the heading ' American pit bull terrier puppies for sale ' , a breeder advertises ' three beautiful reds , one boy and two girls ' , ready for collection and suitable for a family home .
But how can this happen ?
The 1991 Dangerous Dogs '
Act banned the breeding , sale , exchange or ownership of the pit bull and all crossbreeds related to it .
Under Section
One of the Act , a dog is classified as a ' pit bull - type ' if it has the ' substantial ' physical characteristics of an American pit bull terrier .
These include smooth hair , a wedge - shaped head , broad jawbones , strongly developed nostrils , laid back ears , a broad chest and deep ribcage .
Many breeders get round the letter of the law by claiming their dogs are other breeds , says Mark Callis of the RSPCA .
' The result of the Dogs Act was that unscrupulous people began to cross - breed their dogs .
' That means no one is able to tell if a dog has the genes of a pit bull , which is a mongrel anyway , simply by looking at it .
' When the police decide if a dog is a pit bull terrier type , they have to measure 32 parts of its body - which involves anaesthetising the animal first .
They look at the thickness of the cranium , the size of the neck and , crucially , the position of the ears : they want to see if they can be laid back flat on the top of the head to avoid being injured in a fight .
' Often , pit bulls are advertised as other breeds , such as Staffordshire bull terriers or bull mastiffs or English bull terriers .
The seller will use the word ' gamey ' ( which means it will fight ) to alert a buyer that it is really a pit bull .
An indication of the number of dangerous dogs being bred comes from data collected by the famous Battersea Dogs Home in London .
Whereas the mongrel mutt always made up the largest category in the past , in 2007 a total of 2,677 Staffies or their crosses were handed in .
It means that a staggering one in three of the home 's total intake of 8,000 - odd dogs now come from this potentially aggressive breed .
Opponents : London deputy mayor Kit Malthouse ( left ) and Wandsworth Council leader Edward Lister ( right ) are leading the fight against illegal dogs
But it is the dog fighting that is perhaps the most terrifying aspect of this phenomenon .
Police have reported how dogs have been deliberately set on each other in tower block lifts .
Two animals are put in at the top floor and the ground floor button is pressed .
They are left to fight it out .
When the lift opens at the bottom , their owners see which one has won .
None of this surprises Ian Briggs , the head of the RSPCA 's special operations unit .
His team recently exposed the hidden world of dog fighting - 170 years after the sport was banned .
The RSPCA unit , the equivalent of the police Special Branch , raided houses , outbuildings and pubs where officers discovered fighting pits carpeted to allow the animals to grip while they fought .
They also found ' breaking ' sticks designed to wrench open jaws if they lock on to an opponent and wo n't let go - along with veterinary kits and medical bags ( containing staples to seal wounds and drips for giving blood and emergency medicines ) .
The RSPCA believes there are still 100 ' hardcore ' dogfighters , many of them career criminals , in London , Birmingham and other cities .
Dead dogs , thought to have been used in fighting , were found dumped on canal banks in the West Midlands this summer .
Their bodies were covered in injuries .
Ian Briggs said : ' Dogfights are incredibly well - organised over many months .
The dogs even undergo a training regime , often with a course of steroids , so they reach the right fight weight .
' When they are ready to fight , they are pure muscle .
During training , they are deliberately encouraged to be aggressive ; to lash out at anything that moves .
' Just before a fight , they will be washed down and put on the scales .
They are then taken to meet their opponent in the centre of the pit .
It is called the ' scratch line ' and that is where the expression ' coming up to scratch ' originated . '
Such dogs will fight to the death .
' There are set rules for the fight , and a referee .
It can take two hours before the end .
The animals go on until one is incapable of moving or has drawn its last breath , ' says Mr Briggs .
What a gruesome spectacle .
Yet it is one that continues to thrive in Britain - and helps to produce the very dogs responsible for the deaths of innocent children .
Sorry , the page you are looking for does not exist or may have moved .
If you have questions , please contact us via our online form or call 847-662-3303 and we will get back to you as soon as possible .
Please try using the search box or view our list of pages below .
Denbighshire is a county in North Wales .
Like neighbouring
Conwy it has some densly populated towns in the north of the county such as Rhyl and Prestatyn with more rural areas to the south , including Ruthin and Denbigh .
The county has a population of more than 90,000 people .
16:56 , 30 SEP 2020
TRENTON -- New Jersey could save as much as $ 27 billion in costs to society by keeping children free of lead poisoning , a report released today said .
In " The Social Costs of Childhood Lead Exposure in New Jersey , " Columbia University professor Peter Muennig said fewer children with lead poisoning would save the state on special education , medical treatment and incarceration .
" When young children are exposed to environmental lead , permanent damage can occur to parts of the brain involved in higher intellectual function and behavior , " Muennig wrote .
" The greater the reduction in lead exposure , the more likely New Jersey ’s children will achieve success and realize their full potential . "
The report supports rules New Jersey has proposed to improve lead poisoning detection and treatment .
Those regulations came about after a 2008 report by the state ’s public advocate revealing a childhood lead poisoning problem that was " stubborn and enduring " — especially in cities with old housing , such as Newark , Trenton and Camden .
The changes would reduce the blood lead " level of concern " in children from 20 micrograms of lead per deciliter of whole blood to 15 .
They would reduce the threshold to as low as 10 when a child has two test results between 10 and 14 .
State officials have said the rules could be adopted as early as spring .
" This report provides the new governor and incoming Legislature with information that can be used to build on that progress and ensure all of our children grow up lead free , " said Public Advocate Ronald Chen , who supports the rules and commissioned the Muennig report .
He made his comments in a news release announcing the new report .
Muennig estimates 86,416 New Jersey children , newborn to 6 years old , would have a minimal risk of lead poisoning ; 584,520 children a moderate risk ; and 12,633 children a moderate to severe risk .
He predicted the future yearly earnings of children in that age group , factoring in the costs of special education , medical treatment , criminal activity , incarceration , reliance on public assistance and premature death .
Muennig concluded " ... the net societal benefits arising from these improvements in high school graduation rates and reductions in crime would amount to $ 31,000 per child . "
Including $ 6 billion in improved health outcomes , the savings come to about $ 27 billion .
Related coverage :
• N.J. health officials propose tighter standards for lead poisoning
• Morristown partners with N.J. Public Advocate to address childhood lead poisoning
• Foundation gives Newark $ 1.5 million for lead prevention
• April 29 , 2008 : Corzine signs order to help prevent lead poisoning
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has discovered the smallest object ever seen in visible light in the Kuiper Belt , a vast ring of icy debris that is encircling the outer rim of the solar system just beyond Neptune .
The needle - in - a - haystack object found by Hubble is only 3,200 feet across and a whopping 4.2 billion miles away .
The smallest Kuiper Belt Object ( KBO ) seen previously in reflected light is roughly 30 miles across , or 50 times larger .
This is the first observational evidence for a population of comet - sized bodies in the Kuiper Belt that are being ground down through collisions .
The Kuiper Belt is therefore collisionally evolving , meaning that the region 's icy content has been modified over the past 4.5 billion years .
The object detected by Hubble is so faint -- at 35th magnitude -- it is 100 times dimmer than what the Hubble can see directly .
So then how did the space telescope uncover such a small body ?
In a paper published in the December 17th issue of the journal Nature , Hilke Schlichting of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , Calif. , and her collaborators are reporting that the telltale signature of the small vagabond was extracted from Hubble 's pointing data , not by direct imaging .
advertisement
Hubble has three optical instruments called Fine Guidance Sensors ( FGS ) .
The FGSs provide high - precision navigational information to the space observatory 's attitude control systems by looking at select guide stars for pointing .
The sensors exploit the wavelike nature of light to make precise measurement of the location of stars .
Schlichting and her co-investigators determined that the FGS instruments are so good that they can see the effects of a small object passing in front of a star .
This would cause a brief occultation and diffraction signature in the FGS data as the light from the background guide star was bent around the intervening foreground KBO .
They selected 4.5 years of FGS observations for analysis .
Hubble spent a total of 12,000 hours during this period looking along a strip of sky within 20 degrees of the solar system 's ecliptic plane , where the majority of KBOs should dwell .
The team analyzed the FGS observations of 50,000 guide stars in total .
Scouring the huge database , Schlichting and her team found a single 0.3 - second - long occultation event .
This was only possible because the FGS instruments sample changes in starlight 40 times a second .
The duration of the occultation was short largely because of the Earth 's orbital motion around the Sun .
They assumed the KBO was in a circular orbit and inclined 14 degrees to the ecliptic .
The KBO 's distance was estimated from the duration of the occultation , and the amount of dimming was used to calculate the size of the object .
" I was very thrilled to find this in the data , " says Schlichting .
Hubble observations of nearby stars show that a number of them have Kuiper Belt - like disks of icy debris encircling them .
These disks are the remnants of planetary formation .
The prediction is that over billions of years the debris should collide , grinding the KBO - type objects down to ever smaller pieces that were not part of the original Kuiper Belt population .
The finding is a powerful illustration of the capability of archived Hubble data to produce important new discoveries .
In an effort to uncover additional small KBOs , the team plans to analyze the remaining FGS data for nearly the full duration of Hubble operations since its launch in 1990 .
A British research team says the elusive G - spot erogenous zone may be a myth encouraged by magazines and sex therapists , the BBC reports .
The finding of the King 's College London team is published in The Journal of Sexual Medicine .
" It is rather irresponsible to claim the existence of an entity that has never been proven and pressurize women and men , too , " says Andrea Burri , author of the study , according to the BBC .
The study involved 900 pairs of identical and non-identical twins , with the expectation that identical twins would both report having a G - spot and in the same location .
But , says the BBC , the pattern did not emerge .
The BBC quotes sexologist Beverley Whipple , who helped popularize the G - spot idea , as saying the research was " flawed . "
The Gräfenberg Spot , or G - Spot , was named in honor of German gynecologist Ernst Gräfenberg , who described it more than a half - century ago , the BBC reports .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
And here we go .
With the Nook rooted and plenty of Android devs at the ready to exploit the device 's free 3G data and semi-useful WiFi connection , it 's officially open season on Barnes & Noble 's new e-reader .
Within the last few hours the Nook has been given a web browser ( pictured left ) to join the Pandora hack just announced by NookDevs .
A trick that adds plenty of functionality to the Nook including the ability to login to public WiFi hotspots and read the news on an RSS aggregator ( pictured right with Google Reader ) .
Better yet , the rogue band of devs have already ported AndTweet and the Facebook app from the Android Marketplace .
Unfortunately , the Google Maps port failed due to some missing libraries within the Nook 's Android implementation .
Naturally , none of this has been packaged for the everyman yet , but at this rate we might have off the shelf Nook homebrew before those January Nook orders can be delivered .
Hey Barnes & Noble , welcome to the wild west of consumer electronics .
[ Thanks , Scott ]
This finding sheds new light on the earliest hominid fossils , all of which have been found in Africa over the past 15 years .
The fossils have puzzled scientists with their inconsistent and unusual blend of human and chimpanzee characteristics .
The scientists , working at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , completed an exhaustive analysis of human , chimpanzee and gorilla genomes to find out the evolutionary history of each .
" The genome analysis revealed big surprises , with major implications for human evolution , " said the paper 's co-author , Harvard biologist Eric Lander .
" First , human - chimp speciation occurred more recently than previous estimates .
Second , the speciation itself occurred in a more unusual manner that left a striking impact across ( the female chromosome ) chromosome X . "
The paper says " the two species split no more than 6.3 million years ago and probably less than 5.4 million years ago " .
The finding casts new light on the famous Toumai skull , found in Chad in 2002 , which was dated to 6.5 to 7.4 million years .
Toumai was believed to be the earliest hominid skull .
Because Toumai now seems to be older than the final split between chimpanzees and hominids , it is probably neither chimp nor hominid but a common ancestor of both .
" It is possible that the Toumai fossil is more recent than previously thought , " said the paper 's lead author , Nick Patterson of Harvard University .
" But if the dating is correct , the Toumai fossil would precede the human - chimp split .
The fact that it has human - like features suggest that human - chimp speciation may have occurred over a long period with episodes of hybridisation between the emerging species . "
Australian National University anthropologist Colin Groves said the idea of humans and chimpanzees swapping genes had been around for decades but the Nature paper was the first hard evidence .
Different species interbred in the wild " quite often " , said Dr Groves , and the paper made a very strong case for hominids and chimpanzees doing the same .
" It 's very interesting and I can't see any other option from their evidence , " he told The Age .
He said the paper allowed scientists to place the three earliest hominid fossils - Toumai and the later specimens Orrorin tugenensis and Ardipithecus kadabba - more accurately on the human family tree , although debate would continue .
Toumai " represents something that lived before the human and chimp lines speciated .
The other two . . .
I 've accepted that they 're on the human line . "
Dr Groves said that even today it could be possible for humans and chimps to have sex and produce offspring , although there would be ethical problems .
theage.com.au
It has been really encouraging to see how much of the rebranding is sticking already – the better known news sites seem to be generally reporting the first beta of KDE Software Compilation 4.4 rather than KDE 4.4 , but … well you knew there would be a “ but ” , right ?
Well here it is :
If you used to use “ KDE ” do n’t just replace it with “ KDE SC ”
At least , not always …
I ’ve noticed a few people – and even your KDE Promo team is not immune from this 😉 – apparently being a little confused about what terms to use .
People are trying to be good and not use “ KDE ” alone but in some instances this leads to a little overuse of KDE SC when that ’s not really what is meant .
We want KDE SC to be usefull for everyone in the world .
So , do our icons and our terms work for everyone in the world ?
I just had a quick scan through Planet KDE for examples and I ’m going to pick on Björn ’s excellent post about icon usability ( if you did n’t already , please complete the test ) .
Not because it ’s bad – or necessarily even wrong at all – but because I think it ’s a nice example of subtlety in thinking carefully about what we mean .
In that post , he says :
So , what ’s wrong with that ?
Not necessarily anything .
The question is , does he really mean we want only the SC to be useful for everyone in the world ?
We ’ll never do a usability survey for Amarok icons ?
So perhaps the better term would be “ KDE software ” rather than “ KDE SC ” .
Björn ’s post is a case in point because the error ( if any ) is very small and subtle , but there are a few other examples I ’ve seen that do appear to show more confusion .
I wo n’t pick on anyone here , but here are a few examples of sentences using old and new terminologies to show that we do n’t want to just replace “ KDE ” with “ KDE SC ” :
Old : “ I use KDE ”
New : “ I use KDE software ” or “ I use KDE SC ( 4.4 ) ” or “ I use KDE Plasma Desktop ( 4.4 ) ”
Use whichever one you really mean .
Old : “ KDE is great – just look at how cool Digikam is ”
New : “ KDE software is great – just look at how cool digiKam is ” or “ KDE ( community ) is great – they made digiKam ”
Just think – are you talking about the community or the software ?
Old : “ KDE is the best , it has Kontact , cool widgets and desktop effects ”
New : “ KDE software is the best – for example Kontact , the Plasma Desktop widgets and desktop effects ” or “ Plasma Desktop is the best – you have all those cool widgets and desktop effects ” or “ KDE Software Compilation is the best – it comes with all the Plasma Desktop widgets and effects and great apps like Kontact ”
Old : “ I want to make an app , should I use KDE or Gnome or plain Qt ? ”
New : “ I want to make an app , should I use the KDE Platform , or Gnome or plain Qt ? ”
Old : “ KDE 4 sucks and I ’m switching to Gnome until there ’s a KDE 4 K3 B ”
New : “ KDE SC 4 sucks , I ca n’t even get a KDE Platform 4 version of K3B to fit in with it , Gnome forever ” or “ KDE Platform 4 sucks , no K3B yet , Vista for me ” or “ Plasma Desktop 4 sucks , there is n’t even a complementary version of K3B .
I ’m going back to CDE . ”
See , you can even use the right terms when trolling 😉
Old : “ Nepomuk is one of the most exciting developments in KDE 4 ″
New ” Nepomuk is one of the most exciting parts of the KDE Platform 4 ″ or “ Nepomuk is one of the most interesing things in KDE SC 4 ”
Old : “ Amarok is an awesome KDE ap p ”
New : “ Amarok is an awesome KDE ap p ”
Some things change , but some things stay the same 😉
So , this is really an internal thing – perhaps you post to the Planet or write about KDE elsewhere .
If so , and you support our efforts at clarifying our branding , please try and think about what it is you mean and use the right terms .
If we simply replace “ KDE ” with “ KDE SC ” then we wo n’t have achieved anything .
We do n’t want KDE SC used everywhere , if we did we ’d have given it a catchier name 🙂
There is , as always , more to do .
Nathan Ogden has done some really great work ( with assistance from others on KDE - Promo ) putting together a guide for distros on how to use our brands in their communication .
We need to get the word on that out to our distro contacts ( something I should be helping with – perhaps you can help ? ) so that it ’s as easy as possible for us all to work together and present things in a consistent way .
Any other examples ?
Queries about the above ?
“ I hate the rebranding ” rants ?
Please post below 🙂
Page last modified Thursday , 09 - Jun-2011 11:33:35 BST
Internet - Enabled Cat Feeder
( The World 's First IPv6 Cat Feeder ! )
Background
Our two cats , Frankie and Elmo , are no strangers to technology ; they 've even got their own keyless - entry system in the form of a RFID ' microchip ' catflap .
So , when it came to solving the problem of how to feed them if arriving back late from the office , or whilst we 're away for short periods ( e.g. overnight or perhaps weekends ) without necessarilly having to bother the neighbours I was sure there 'd be something out there to do the job .
Surprisingly ; there was n't .
Or at least there was nothing that satisfied what I considered to be several important , if not essential , requirements .
These included i ) being suitable for two cats i.e. not forcing them to use the same bowl ( or having the potential expense of buying two of the same product ) , ii ) delivering food at the right time and quantity ( this includes stopping them from helping themselves ! ) , iii ) being suitable for two meals a day for perhaps 2/3 days at a time , and iv ) providing some form of feedback loop ( ideally remotely - accessible video ) as the last thing I wanted to come back to is two starving cats because something has failed - we want to know immediately if something 's gone wrong so we can at least then get one of the neighbours to call round !
Nearly all the products on the market seemed to receive mixed reviews - most did n't seem particularly cat - proof ( this video shows the persistance of one cat succeeding in helping himself by advancing the timer on an analogue - clock based feeder ! ) , and others were limited in how much food ( and time ) they could cater for .
The closest product to seemingly tick all the boxes was something like the Smarthome Remote Pet Feeder which , at $ 298 ( I could only find it in the US ) , was also a tad pricey !
So , in November 2009 I set about designing and building my own .
I wanted to keep costs down without sacrificing performance or flexibility , ideally by using whatever I had already had to hand .
Of course it had to work well , perfectly in fact , and be ultra-reliable too - at the end of the day it was important to me not to lose sight of the fact that we 're talking about animal welfare here so it was far more than just a ' geeky ' hacking project .
There was no real requirement for controlling the provision of water as both our cats rarely , if ever , drink from their bowl preferring instead to sort themselves out from the watering cans in the garden , puddles etc .
We do leave a bowl out for good measure and have noticed that occasionally they will drink from it if it is left to stand for a couple of days .
This seems to be fairly common - perhaps due to the chlorine ( and evaporation thereof ) in the tap water .
Similarly , there was no concern for litter trays either - our cats are of the , how should I put it , " al fresco " persuasion - I do hope the neighbours are n't reading this as they probably do n't need reminding that cats do n't tend to use their own back garden either ! ;-)
Moving swiftly on ; here 's a video of how it all turned out ...
( Click here if the video does n't appear above )
The mechanics of the design are best covered by breaking it down into its constituent parts , i.e. food delivery , network interfacing / connectivity , and control software ...
Food Delivery
This bit was arguably the hardest , or at least the most difficult to turn theory in practice !
I went through loads of ideas which seemed good on paper but really were asking for trouble in the real world .
The biggest problem was the mechanical handling of the ( thankfully dry ! ) food as Sod's Law mandates that any form of metered - delivery will provide plenty of opportunities for food to get caught and jam .
Rather than completely reinvent the wheel I settled on making use of a simple cereal dispenser - this was designed to reliably deliver dry foods at the turn of a wheel and made allowances for food getting caught by incorporating flexible rubber vanes on the delivery ' paddle ' .
It was also easy to fill and , if more capacity was required , could easily be extended by adding some form of pipe / tube to the top .
It seemed to do a fairly good job of keeping the food fresh too thanks to its lid and reasonably - sealed flapper arrangement ( having six vanes means at least two are always closing off the tube ) .
With the main body of the dispenser mounted on a board all I had to do was attach a motor and I 'd be away ...
Flapper - Left View
Dispenser
Flapper - Right View
Of course , this seemingly innocuous step threw up quite a significant hurdle ...
The torque required to turn the paddle could get quite high , particularly when food starts to get caught which it invariably does .
I did n't measure it but it was certainly a fair old force required - I think under ' normal ' arrangements with human hands you might back - off if resistance was felt and turn it the other way .
For semi-automated motor operation I wanted to avoid the complication of fancy load detection and backoff mechanisms so opted instead for good old - fashioned brute force .
This required gearing , which in turn would also help avoid inadvertently making some form of catfood Gatling gun !
I found a high torque gearbox motor which runs at a nice sedate 4 RPM .
Even better , in exchange for this leisurely pace it gives a maximum ( stall ) torque of 25 kg·cm - plenty of grunt for even the most awkard of cat food pellets !
The motor was mounted using a Cisco rackmount bracket .
No sooner was that hurdle out of the way the next was rapidly approaching ... connecting the motor and its '
I 'm not stopping for anything ' torque to the food dispenser in a secure fashion .
The dispenser came with a 3/10 ths - of - an - inch diameter D - shaped shaft ( with a handwheel onit ) which , whilst obviously suitable for the flapper end , was proving difficult to attach to the 6 mm D - shaped shaft ( and corresponding coupling ) of the motor .
The problem was not so much the size differential but that the coupling had to somehow not make mincemeat of the plastic at the required levels of torque .
Having filed down the shaft to suit the coupling and performing a few trial runs the grub screw in the coupling failed to securely hold the plastic shaft in place .
It just was n't going to last for any reasonable length of time .
The shaft had to go , or rather be replaced with something made out of metal .
The form and shape of the shaft was such that it was anything but an off - the - shelf item and so somebody suggested making a plea for help in the uk.rec.models.engineering
Usenet group .
A couple of kind souls - Dave Sanderson and Richard Edwards - both offered to make what I needed for me ;
Dave pulled the short straw and took on the task of turning and milling a shaft out of an old printer bar .
Despite my best attempts at confusing the requirement with an initially - nonsensical engineering drawing ( hey , I was using Word - it was never going to look spot on even if the figures were ! ) he came up trumps and eliminated what was threatening to become the Achilles '
Heel of the whole project .
Shaft - Top View
Shaft Drawing
Shaft - Bottom View
The final stage of food delivery was a splitter i.e. something to split a single source of food into two bowls , ideally in roughly equal portions !
Here I used some 0.5 mm aluminium sheet which I knew would come in handy one day ( admittedly I do n't know if it has fully justified storing a dozen 4 'x3 ' sheets of it in the loft for seven years though ! ) .
It was fabricated using a single continuous piece - for no other reason than to maintain mechanical sturdiness that could be lost through using fixings .
That , and I wanted to give Metallic Origami a try ...
Splitter - Side View
Splitter - Top View
Splitter - In Situ
With the physical food delivery mechanism sorted I now needed a method to provide remote control ...
Network Interfacing / Connectivity ( Mark 1 Version - Cisco C1924 )
( there is now a Mark 2 - see next section )
In order to allow user - driven operation rather than leaving things to a timer ( which could lead to all sorts of problems ) I opted to connect the feeder to my house network .
I considered using a locally - sited PC but dropped this idea because I did n't really want a dedicated PC sat alongside it ... particularly in the kitchen .
Okay , I admit , it would n't have bothered me all that much ... but my girlfriend on the other hand ...
I also opted not to go for connectivity / control based around something like the
Before this cat feeder project came charging in I was in the final stages of studying for Cisco 's Edit 11 Feb 2010 :
Not any more - I 'm now qualified ! :-) ) and whilst sat there wondering why mutli-channel Ethernet relays cost so much ( e.g .
I pulled the cover off an old Cisco C1924 Catalyst switch ( Enterprise edition hence allows command - line access ) and poked around with a multimeter ( do n't try this at home if you do n't know what you 're doing ! ) .
I found that the LEDs were driven using
In order to allow user - driven operation rather than leaving things to a timer ( which could lead to all sorts of problems ) I opted to connect the feeder to my house network .
I considered using a locally - sited PC but dropped this idea because I did n't really want a dedicated PC sat alongside it ... particularly in the kitchen .
Okay , I admit , it would n't have bothered me all that much ... but my girlfriend on the other hand ... I also opted not to go for connectivity / control based around something like the Arduino platform which seems to be the pervasive convention for this sort of project .
There 's nothing wrong with using one , but it went against my design principle of minimising costs and , ideally , making use of what I already had .
Before this cat feeder project came charging in I was in the final stages of studying for Cisco's CCNA networking qualification ( ) and whilst sat there wondering why mutli-channel Ethernet relays cost so much ( e.g. this one for £ 249 ) it dawned on me that I had all this highly - configurable Cisco kit sat around and if I could tap in to some of the port status LEDs , which I could turn on and off , then I 'd have myself a multi - port network - enabled relay interface for no cost at all !
( Even buying in , a 1900 - series switch often goes for less than £ 15 on eBay ) .
Better still , the configuration of such a device meant that I would feel less guilty about skipping my studies ( admittedly that 's stretching things a bit ! ) and provides the opportunity for a whole load of puns relating to the use of CatOS ... I pulled the cover off an old Cisco C1924 Catalyst switch ( Enterprise edition hence allows command - line access ) and poked around with a multimeter ( do n't try this at home if you do n't know what you 're doing ! ) .
I found that the LEDs were driven using HC595A shift registers with TTL ( 5v ) outputs .
These made ideal points from which to piggyback onto in order to provide the necessary signalling feeds to an external motor control board ( details later ) .
I could also take a + 12v ( 1A ) power feed from the built - in PSU .
HC595A Shift Registers
LED Driver Output ( Port 20 in this case )
Power Sourced from Main Power Block
Ground Obtained from Chassis Screw
Completed Wiring
Terminal Block for External Connections
RJ45 Loopback Adapters
Port Status LEDs
A slight unexpected gotcha ( the CCNA syllabus unfortunately , yet unsurprisingly , does n't cover modifying switches to control motors ... ) was that you cannot illuminate a port status LED without something plugged into it , not on demand at least .
However , I then discovered the concept of RJ45 loopback cables ( basically an RJ45 plug wired such that its output goes into its input , and vice versa ) so I made up a few plugs and was back on the road - these trick the port into thinking something is connected to the other end ( it does n't realise it is conversing with itself ) and so you are then able to have full control over the state of the port , and hence its LED , without it stubbornly remaining in an down / error - disabled state .
I tapped into three port LEDs - ports 20 and 21 to trigger forward and reverse motor operation respectively , and port 22 to allow for an ' emergency cutout ' function such that I could electrically isolate the motor should anything go wrong .
The switch required only a very basic configuration ( available here ) with the three ' control ports ' set to shutdown mode and remote access enabled to allow the port states ( and LEDs ) to be toggled .
Obviously the novelty of manually logging in soon wears off and so I wrote a shell script ( available here ) which uses the
- an excellent way of automating interactive applications such as Telnet , SSH , etc .
The script simply runs through a series a pre-determined commands based on what it expects to see and hence can automatically log in , enter configuration mode , toggle the port states and log out again .
As the title of this section mentioned , this was the Mark 1 method of providing network access to the feeder .
Before I move on to the rest of the hardware ( and software ) it is worth going through some enhancements I made in this area which formed the ' new and improved '
Mark 2 ...
Network Interfacing / Connectivity ( Mark 2 Version - Cisco - Linksys WRT54GL )
The Cisco switch method of providing network access worked well - very well in fact .
However , that did n't mean it could n't be improved upon ...
In particular , there were a number of areas I wanted to focus on :
Size - Cisco switches are n't the smallest / lightest of equipment and given all I needed from it were three of its port LEDs I 'd be the first to admit it was a touch on the large side .
Noise -
Whilst not deserving of the term ' noisy ' I also would n't say it was silent either , despite fitting an ultra -quiet 40 mm fan .
Esoteric - I had one , and knew how to configure it , but many of the people who got in touch wanting to implement something similiar ( not necessarilly to control cat feeders , but rather anything requiring simple control over a network ) understandably considered an old Cisco switch to be something you 'd only find in the darkest cornest of eBay and asked if there was anything more modern , of greater availability and easier / safer to hack in to ...
It fitted the bill perfectly and directly addressed the aforementioned issues .
Specifically , it was small ( it can therefore be easily mounted on the rear of the feeder ) , completely silent ( by virtue of it being fanless ) , readily available ( you can still buy them new , but are also available cheaply on eBay ) and safer to poke around in given there are only low voltages inside the device .
There were other benefits too including wireless capability ( I did n't need this given my house has a full wired network but acting as a bridge it does enhance the existing wireless coverage and allows for greater portability if required ) , SSH access , and ... wait for it ... sounds complicated wait until you try and implement it ! ) .
The size of the IPv6 address space is such that even my cat feeder now has its own globally - unique address , reachable from anywhere without any in - transit packet manipulation whatsoever and , for hex fans ( ? ! ) , the IPv6 address does of course end with :: feed ... ;-)
World IPv6
Day has been and gone , and Frankie and Elmo are back to two meals a day !
On the 8th June 2011 , the Internet Society along with many of the ' Internet giants ' , took part in ' World IPv6 Day ' - a first - of - its - kind event in the history of the Internet that enabled a large scale test of the ' new Internet protocol ' , IPv6 .
The event saw a mass enabling of IPv6 by those participating ( content providers , transit providers , ISPs and end users ) in order to give the protocol a run for its money to see what worked , and of course what did n't !
What was my contribution to this unique event ?
Well , in addition to taking part in a user trial of native IP v6 connectivity provided by my ISP ( Plusnet ) I also opened up control of my cat feeder - the world 's first to support IP v6 - to anyone that cared to give my cats a treat .
Anyone , that is , that had IP v6 connectivity of course ... ;-)
Why ?
Good question ...
I could say it was to help demonstrate in a practical way how more and more devices are being hooked up to the Internet in such numbers that the dwindling pool of IP v4 addresses simply cannot hope to accomodate them , or that how such devices can be connected with relative ease given the lack of NAT configuration , port forwarding , etc .
However , truth be told , it was mainly just a bit of fun ...
So , how did it go ?
Well , very well in fact .
Our cats thought Christmas had come early so it was a real success in their eyes , and they still do n't know what IP v6 is !
But that 's the point - IP v6 is an enabler , something that operates behind the scenes , and should n't be the concern of the typical end user ( admittedly cats probably do n't fit that profile ... yet ) .
Was / is IP v6 worth it then ?
Well , put it this way : Prior to the 8th June the cat feeder would , typically , feed the cats twice in 24hrs ...
On World IPv6
Day they were fed 168 times from all over the world by those with IPv6 so a quick calculation reveals that IPv6 is 84 times better than IPv4 .
Fact . ;-)
The amount of IPv6 seen worldwide accounted for 0.04 % of overall traffic on that day and , accordingly , there were 1000's of ' read only ' visitors to the catfeeder coming in over IP v4 but we 've got to start somewhere so all - in - all the day was quite a success !
Anyway , back on - track , I picked a Linksys up off eBay for £ 15 and set to work ...
The first task was to install third - party firmware on it - I opted for
Enter ... the Linksys WRT54GL Router .
This device , for those that do n't know , has near - legendary status in some circles ( okay , that 's pushing it but it is pretty good ) as not only does it function well out - of - the - box but , being based on Linux firmware its source code has been made available to anyone that wants it ( here 's the lowdown on how this came to be ) .
So what ?
Well , being open source means that others can more easily write complete replacements for the stock firmware and , in doing so , provide additional functionality to those that want to get more out of the device , and perhaps use it for purposes it was not originally designed for ... It fitted the bill perfectly and directly addressed the aforementioned issues .
Specifically , it was small ( it can therefore be easily mounted on the rear of the feeder ) , completely silent ( by virtue of it being fanless ) , readily available ( you can still buy them new , but are also available cheaply on eBay ) and safer to poke around in given there are only low voltages inside the device .
There were other benefits too including wireless capability ( I did n't need this given my house has a full wired network but acting as a bridge it does enhance the existing wireless coverage and allows for greater portability if required ) , SSH access , and ... wait for it ... IPv6 !
Okay , so this latter one may appeal to only a select few and I 'd be the first to admit that a cat feeder is far from being one of the much - awaited ' killer apps ' for IP v6 ( indeed , some might argue it is more deserving of joining the list of ' apps that might kill IP v6 '! ) but it does demonstrate one of the principle advantages of IPv6 - globally unique addressing for any device that wants it , even cat feeders .
With the impending IP v4 address exhaustion it is becoming increasingly difficult to provide true end - to - end connectivity to networked devices without the use of Network Address Translation ( NAT ) , port forwarding and various other tricks , most of which come with numerous drawbacks .
In the case of Carrier - Grade NAT ( CGN ) , the last - ditch attempt to keep IP v4 alive , it'd be practically impossible , at least without employing some form of clever client - side polling to provide a reverse connection with the outside world ( if you think thatcomplicated wait until you try and implement it ! ) .
The size of the IPv6 address space is such that even my cat feeder now has its own globally - unique address , reachable from anywhere without any in - transit packet manipulation whatsoever and , for hex fans ( ? ! ) , the IP v6 address does of course end with ... ;-)
Anyway , back on - track , I picked a Linksys up off eBay for £ 15 and set to work ...
The first task was to install third - party firmware on it - I opted for OpenWRT .
This provided me full access to the workings of the device and , most importantly , allowed me to control a variety of status LEDs which in turn could control the operation of a motor exactly as per the Cisco switch .
The LEDs I chose for the forward / reverse motor control were the otherwise - unused ( when running OpenWRT ) white and orange SES LEDs that sit behind the ' Cisco Systems ' button on the front panel ( Cisco now own Linksys so whilst I 've dropped their C1924 switch I 've at least still kept things within the family ! ) .
I also tapped into the DMZ LED to faciliate the ' emergency cutout ' functionality .
A +12v ( 1A ) power feed was taken directly from the back of the DC power socket .
Linksys WRT54GL Router - ' Pre Op '
Case Dismantling ( Screwless )
Router Innards
PCB Removed from Case
+ 12v ( Top ) and GND ( Bottom )
Connection Points
White LED ( Left ) and Orange LED ( Right )
Connection Points
DMZ LED Connection Point
Completed Wiring
( Looped through holes for strain relief )
Pre-rebuild Testing
External LED View
Mounted on Rear of Feeder
External Connections
Aside from installing the OpenWRT firmware and providing basic configuration ( wireless settings , IPv4 / v6 addresses etc - easiest done via the web interface ) I modified / created a few files / scripts ( / instructions ,
Speaking of LEDs , it is worth mentioning at this point that the Linksys uses inverse logic to control them i.e. the general purpose input / output ( GPIO ) pins on the CPU are connected to the cathode ( ' negative ' ) side of the LEDs with the anode ( ' positive ' ) side connected to +3.3 v .
Hence , to illuminate an LED the CPU effectively outputs 0v and to extinguish an LED it outputs 3.3v ( CMOS logic levels ) .
Rather than modify my external motor control hardware ( detailed in the next section ) I handled this change of behaviour ( when compared to my previous Cisco switch operation ) in software i.e. by modifying the control script ( available
Aside from installing the OpenWRT firmware and providing basic configuration ( wireless settings , IPv4 / v6 addresses etc - easiest done via the web interface ) I modified / created a few files / scripts ( /etc / banner /etc/init.d/nvram and /etc/init.d/ defaultled ) to set the default states ( on or off ) of the LEDs during / after the boot process - this is necessary because during boot the state of the LEDs would otherwise be all over the place resulting in the feeder inadvertantly activating .
It 's not that big a deal , and indeed the device should only reboot if there 's a power cut ( and restore ) so unless your cats are in the habit of flipping the master switch every now and then .... ;-) Speaking of LEDs , it is worth mentioning at this point that the Linksys uses inverse logic to control them i.e. the general purpose input / output ( GPIO ) pins on the CPU are connected to the cathode ( ' negative ' ) side of the LEDs with the anode ( ' positive ' ) side connected to +3.3 v .
Hence , to illuminate an LED the CPU effectively outputs 0v and to extinguish an LED it outputs 3.3v ( CMOS logic levels ) .
Rather than modify my external motor control hardware ( detailed in the next section ) I handled this change of behaviour ( when compared to my previous Cisco switch operation ) in software i.e. by modifying the control script ( available here ) to set the appropriate state based on the user instruction .
Motor Control
With the ability to control the LEDs over the network ( whether using the Cisco or the Linksys ) the next step was to design and build an interface board to take the low power signals from the port status LEDs and in turn switch the high ( er ) power required to drive the motor .
I designed a relatively simple circuit ( it looks more complicated than it is ) using only a handful of common components ( transistors , relays , LEDs etc ) .
The relays are wired such that it is possible to control the direction of the motor ( i.e. by reversing the polarity of the applied voltage ) and to also include a cutout relay designed to allow me to remotely cut the power in the event of a problem ( e.g. out - of - control port , latched relay etc ) .
Circuit Schematic ( PDF )
Mounted Control Board
The control board also features its own 8 mm status LEDs for visual feedback - the red LED signifies power ( and that the cutout has n't activated ) and the green / yellow LEDs signify forward / reverse ( clockwise / anti-clockwise ) feeding respectively .
I later also added a button ( not shown in the photo ) to allow manual ( i.e. local ) control without having to use the PC .
Software
With everything connected up the feeder could now be controlled using the control scripts ( i.e. the ' catfeeder .exp forward 5 ' would feed for 5 seconds , ' catfeeder .exp cutout ' would kill the power preventing any / all feeding , etc .
The next logical step was to design a point - and - click web interface to handle these commands on the user 's behalf .
The main web interface consists of five frames ( see left - hand image below ) .
The top frame lays out a series of buttons providing timed feeds , emergency stop ( resetable ) and other general controls .
The middle frame provides the zoomable live video streaming ( details below ) , the bottom - left frame shows the last 10 recorded ' events ' i.e. detected motion from food delivery and / or the cats eating and , finally , the bottom - right frame shows the output from the control script i.e. the transcript of the login session with the Cisco switch ( or the Linksys router of the Mark 2 version ) .
Various other interfaces were subsequently created such a cut - down versions for use on mobile devices ( original my Windows Mobile PDA but later Android phones also ) as well as a dual - screen implementation specifically for With everything connected up the feeder could now be controlled using the control scripts ( i.e. the Cisco version or the Linksys ) so , for example , would feed for 5 seconds , ' would kill the power preventing any / all feeding , etc .
The next logical step was to design a point - and - click web interface to handle these commands on the user 's behalf .
The main web interface consists of five frames ( see left - hand image below ) .
The top frame lays out a series of buttons providing timed feeds , emergency stop ( resetable ) and other general controls .
The middle frame provides the zoomable live video streaming ( details below ) , the bottom - left frame shows the last 10 recorded ' events ' i.e. detected motion from food delivery and / or the cats eating and , finally , the bottom - right frame shows the output from the control script i.e. the transcript of the login session with the Cisco switch ( or the Linksys router of the Mark 2 version ) .
Various other interfaces were subsequently created such a cut - down versions for use on mobile devices ( original my Windows Mobile PDA but later Android phones also ) as well as a dual - screen implementation specifically for World IPv6 Day
In accordance with my design principle of attempting to reuse what I already had I followed suit with the video streaming
using a Panasonic BL - C1 IP camera interfaced into my existing open - source ZoneMinder - based CCTV security / surveillance system ( for a long time now we 've had such a camera monitoring the catflap so we can tell whether the cats are in / out wherever we might happen to be ! ) .
In addition to provide live video streaming ( or refreshable static images when using the mobile interface on low - bandwidth connections )
ZoneMinder also provides automatic event recording using its motion detection capabilities .
This is achieved by defining ' zones ' ( see below ) within which to watch for movement , the configuration of which can be tweaked in order to detect the cats eating but not reacting to other changes such as moving cloud cover , lights being switched on / off , etc .
IP Camera
( It was later mounted on the feeder itself )
Motion Detection ' Zones '
Zone Configuration
The live video stream was critical to allow instant vertification of the cat feeder actually working , and to also observe all being well with the cats .
All movement was automatically recorded and filed and could be replayed at the touch of a button to see all previous activations and the cats coming and going so even if we might not always see the cats live we could still check that they 'd both recently been around .
Comments , Suggestions or Other Feedback ?
If you have any comments , suggestions or other feedback please feel free to sign my guestbook and / or contact me directly here
beats the hell out of using a ladder
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Experienced ex-Formula 1 drivers will be part of the stewards ' panel from the start of the 2010 grand prix season .
The FIA World Motor Sport Council ratified plans to overhaul judicial procedures today , with four stewards now sitting at each grand prix rather than the current three .
These will be made up of those drawn from a smaller permanent group of F1 stewards and ex-drivers , along with one steward representing the National Sporting Authority holding the grand prix .
The non-voting chairman , a role filled up to now by Alan Donnelly , will no longer be involved in the process , with the four stewards electing their own chairman at each race .
Donnelly had played a major part in recommending improvements to the stewarding system over the past two years .
Stewards will be allowed to use video and radio resources to help make quick and accurate decisions .
The FIA will continue to observe and train stewards according to guidelines agreed in 2008 , and is confident that a process of constant review will continue to improve stewarding standards .
" The current observer programme for F1 stewards will continue , and training , distribution of decisions , and an annual meeting will be encouraged to raise the quality of decisions in this permanent group , " said an FIA World Motor Sport Council statement .
The Afghan Ambush Editor ’s Note : President Barack Obama ’s escalation of the Afghan War is getting some praise from neoconservatives and Republicans – though they ’re still faulting Obama for not being more enthusiastic – but Democrats and the U.S. electorate are less enamored of the decision .
In this guest essay , Michael Winship warns that Obama may be marching into both a military and a political trap :
The decision has been made .
The months of meetings and briefings are over .
Tuesday night , the President made it official : 30,000 more American troops to Afghanistan .
Email
Printer friendly Along with Friday 's announcement of an additional 7,000 from NATO allies , after all those weeks of debate and consultation , the result 's pretty much exactly what the U.S. commander over there , General Stanley McChrystal , asked for in the first place .
As they used to say in the old war movies , we 're in it now , up to our necks .
More than ever , this is Obama 's War .
The mess he inherited from the previous administration is now his mess .
And while many Republicans may don their helmets , rattle their empty rusty scabbards and shout that escalation is the only way to go , their temporary declarations of support are just that - temporary .
Pats on the back are simply their way of finding the proper place to stick the knife .
Last week 's Gallup Poll showed that while 65 percent of Republicans support sending all the troops McChrystal wants , only 17 percent of Obama 's own Democrats do ; 57 percent want a troop reduction .
In other words , ignoring the entreaties of a majority in his own party Obama is going to war cheered on by the opposition that will do everything in its power next fall to bring him and his fellow Democrats down .
Friday 's New York Times reported , " President Obama 's decision to send more troops to Afghanistan over the objections of fellow Democrats on Capitol Hill is straining a relationship already struggling under the weight of an administration agenda that some Democratic lawmakers fear is placing them in a politically vulnerable position . "
Next year 's midterm elections could be a disaster for the Democrats .
That 's what happened to Lyndon Johnson .
After winning by the largest plurality ever in 1964 , bringing with him huge majorities in the House and Senate , in 1965 he escalated the Vietnam War .
The next year , Democrats lost 50 seats in Congress .
That 's just one of the possible effects of this fateful decision , one that could scuttle Obama 's campaign promises of social and other reforms just as surely as the Vietnam War did President Johnson's .
Guns and butter , LBJ said ; for a time he thought we could pay for both .
We could not .
Money that could be spent generating jobs , improving education , fighting global warming and world hunger is poured into this bottomless chasm of war .
Some estimates put the ultimate cost of occupying Afghanistan at a trillion dollars .
Add that figure to the mind - numbing numbers we 've already spent on the occupation of Iraq .
It keeps mounting even as our cities and states are running out of cash , unemployment benefits are drying up , and we 're trying to figure out how to pay for health care reform - which some politicians are suggesting we back burner so that we can " focus " on the war in Afghanistan .
Yet nothing is certain about our objectives there .
The original goal of capturing Osama bin Laden was lost long ago , and so scattered now are our motives and so shaky our rationale that , prior to President Obama 's speech , the Pentagon was asking the public to Twitter what " points and / or issues " they thought the President should highlight .
Nor is there any real evidence that the administration is serious about the 18 - month timetable for withdrawal that the President announced in his West Point address .
As The New Republic 's Michael Crowley wrote , " The pledge is a largely empty one :
In a conference call , White House officials made it amply clear that the extent and pace of any drawdown would be based on conditions on the ground .
Theoretically , Obama 's promise tonight could entail withdrawing 100 troops in July 2011 and pulling out the rest ten years later .
Much as the White House wants to deny it , what we 've got here is an open - ended commitment . "
Our own military says Osama bin Laden 's true believers have been reduced to a relative few , chased across the border into Pakistan or scattered as far as Yemen and Somalia .
As for the Taliban , there seems to be a growing belief among many generals that at least certain factions can be bought off , much as the support of certain Sunni insurgents was paid for in Iraq , fueling the so - called " surge " that 's increasingly mythologized as victory .
But what part of " take the money and run " does the Pentagon not understand ?
And when it comes to training the Afghan police and army , and continuing to support the corrupt and dysfunctional government of Hamid Karzai - such a wager has all the makings of the sucker bet to end all sucker bets .
Toss into that pot disputatious warlords fueled by self - interest , the opium trade and hostility toward any outside occupier , and the already slim odds fade to mathematical improbability .
You 've made your decision , Mr. President , and good luck with it .
But turn back as fast as you can .
It 's an ambush .
Michael Winship is senior writer of the weekly public affairs program Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The Green Quote : Sarah Silverman Shares Her Story Of Vegetarianism
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
“ When I was 9 or 10 years old , my dad took me over to a neighboring farm to help get stuff for the meal .
The farmer , Vic , told me to look at all the turkeys and pick one out .
I saw a cute one with a silly walk and cried , ‘ Him ! ’
Before my pointing finger had even dropped to my side , Vic had grabbed the turkey by the neck and slit [ the animal ’s ] throat .
Blood and feathers went flying .
I had sentenced that turkey to death !
Up until then , I did n’t know where meat came from — and I ’ve been a vegetarian ever since . ”
– Sarah Silverman recounting what first made her go vegetarian .
Yesterday we told you that Silverman wanted to end world hunger .
Did you know that it takes up to 16 pounds of grain to produce just 1 pound of edible animal flesh ?
Learn more about how going VEG can help end world hunger at GoVeg.com .
“ How television stages the world becomes the model for how the world is properly to be staged .
It is not merely that on the television screen entertainment is the metaphor for all discourse .
It is that off the screen the same metaphor prevails .
As typography once dictated the style of conducting politics , religion , business , education , law and other important social matters , television now takes command .
In courtrooms , classrooms , operating rooms , board rooms , churches , and even airplanes , Americans no longer talk to each other , they entertain each other .
They do not exchange ideas ; they exchange images .
They do not argue with propositions ; they argue with good looks , celebrities and commercials . ”
- Neil Postman
In Neil Postman ’s influential book , Amusing Ourselves to Death , he explored the impact “ of the most significant American cultural fact of the second half of the twentieth century : the decline of the Age of Typography and the ascendancy of the Age of Television . ”
Postman convincingly argued that the medium greatly influences the message , that certain means of communication can only deliver certain content , and that the style , format , and delivery of that content greatly shapes our culture .
It ’s not something we take stock of very often , if at all , but our language and our communication tools shape the way we think about the world .
A Russian will never see the world exactly the way a American will , because they have different words to describe it .
And a culture that uses smoke signals to communicate will never see the world the same as those who use cell phones .
Postman argued :
“ Whether we are experiencing the world through the lens of speech or the printed word or the television camera , our media - metaphors classify the world for us , sequence it , frame it , enlarge it , reduce it , color it , argue a case for what the world is like . ”
Postman ’s book was written in 1982 and since then our modes of communication have taken a huge leap forward .
For many people these days , their primary form of communication , entertainment , and information gathering occurs on the internet .
Postman lamented that in his time , no one was paying sufficient attention to the way that new technology was changing our social and intellectual culture .
Certainly that is as true as ever .
We talk a lot about this new information age , but we do n’t spend too much time pondering how it ’s changing our lives .
People have lamented changes in our means of communication ever since we shifted from an oral culture to a written culture .
Each new change brings cries that the new medium will bring about the end of civilization as we know it .
Yet in time we generally come to see that each leap forward in technology brings with it both pros and cons , sometimes leaving the balance sheet in the black , sometimes in the red .
And so it is with the internet .
It is a powerful good .
Far more good than bad I would argue .
It has given the average person access to more information than at any time in world history .
With a few keystrokes I can learn about the Battle of Thebes or watch a lecture from a world renowned professor .
We can communicate instantly with friends and family .
The world is our oyster .
But no medium is an unmitigated good .
The internet is changing the way we learn and communicate , in some ways for the worse .
The internet can be used as an effective tool in our lives , or we can fall into the following traps and allow ourselves to be amused right out of our manhood .
The Atrophying of Attention Span
Our brethren in the 19th century thought spending 7 hours listening to the Lincoln - Douglas debates was a delightful way to spend the day .
They were willing to sit and soak in 7 hours of heavy political philosophy and policy , without being able to check their Blackberries a single time .
That kind of singular rapture is inconceivable now .
Instead , we live in what Postman called a “ peek - a - boo ” world where we constantly expect and demand new things to pop up and surprise and entertain us .
Postman said the phrase , “ now … this ” was one of the scariest phrases in our language .
He was referring to the way the phrase allows newscasters to jump between two completely unrelated stories , as in “ A terrible earthquake killed 10,000 people today in Taiwan .
Now … this .
A koala bear was born at the zoo ! ”
Postman said :
“ The phrase is a means of acknowledging the fact that the world as mapped by the speeded - up electronic media has no order or meaning and is not to be taken seriously . ”
Each story is “ separated in content , context , and emotional texture from what precedes and follows it …. viewers are rarely required to carry over any thought or feeling from one parcel of time to another . ”
News shows are put together to appeal to our impatience - each story runs a minute or less before the anchor “ now this - es ” us into the next story .
This quick flitting from one thing to another did a doozy on our attentions spans when the newscasters were solely in control of the “ now .. this . ”
Now we are in control , able to surf from one story and from one website to another is mere seconds .
If something does not grab us immediately , it ’s off to something else .
We do n’t even watch whole shows anymore ; instead of watching Saturday Night Live , we watch the best clips of it online ; instead of watching the news , we watch clips of the news as satirized in clips from The Daily Show .
“ While brevity does not always suggest triviality , in this case it clearly does .
It is simply not possible to convey a sense of seriousness about any event if its implications are exhausted in less than one minute ’s time . ”
Internet readers thus demand bite - sized , easily digestible information .
It has become blogging gospel that posts should be no longer than a paragraph or two .
We made a conscious decision when we started the Art of Manliness to buck this trend , figuring that along with the other things we ’d try to bring back from the past , we ought to include the attention span .
After all , if a topic is important enough to write about then it should be important enough to do well , and to cover comprehensively .
The Narrowing of Man ’s Worldview
Whenever we have a controversial post here on AoM , I ’m always dismayed by one kind of comment : the person that announces that because they disagree with or do n’t like the article , they are unsubscribing from site .
Now I ’m not dismayed by these kinds of comments because I ’m worried about the fate of AoM ; the site is doing just fine .
No , I find these kinds of comments alarming because of how indicative they are of a more general and wholly disappointing cultural trend .
They vividly reveal the way in which many men in today ’s society truly believe that the world revolves around them .
Unsubscribing from a blog because you disagree with a single article absolutely befuddles me .
In what universe could any publication whether it be a blog , newspaper , magazine , or television show possibly produce daily content that exactly aligns with one ’s own interests ?
And the more important question is , why would you want it to ?
During the early days of the internet , the web was heralded as a new kind of forum , a place where the free exchange of ideas would be unrestricted and people could interact and engage with all sorts of opinions and views .
Unfortunately , what has happened is that the internet has instead been used to form narrower and narrower communities , smaller and smaller niches of like - minded individuals who enjoy having their preconceived notions confirmed and their egos stroked .
Such an approach to life would leave our forbearers rolling over in their graves .
Whether in the French salons or the American juntos , men of old actively sought out the opinions of those who disagreed with them and used these interactions to have a spirited but respectful debate about the issues .
Traveling lectures were some of the most popular sources of entertainment , and a speaker would be allowed 3 hours to make his case .
Another speaker would then be given the same amount of time to give a rebuttal .
People did not leave after the speaker with which they agreed had finished ; they equally relished hearing the counterargument .
They understood that the intellect is not built simply with the things we are already preconceived to like , and that that which infuriates us can be just as good , sometimes even better , for the mind .
The Trivialization of Information
“ For telegraphy did something that Morse did not foresee … it destroyed the prevailing definition of information , and in doing so gave a new meaning to public discourse .
Among the few who understood this consequence was Henry David Thoreau , who remarked in Walden that ‘ We are in a great haste to construct magnetic telegraph from Maine to Texas ; but Maine and Texas , it may be , have nothing important to communicate …
We are eager to tunnel under the Atlantic and bring the old world some weeks nearer to the new ; but perchance the first news that will leak through into the broad flapping American ear will be that Princess Adelaide has the whooping cough . ’
Thoreau , as it turned out , was precisely correct .
He grasped that the telegraph would create its own definition of discourse …
The telegraph made a three - pronged attack on typography ’s definition of discourse , introducing on a large scale irrelevance , impotence , and incoherence .
These demons of discourse were aroused by the fact that telegraphy gave a form of legitimacy to the idea of context - free information ; that is , to the idea that the value of information need not be tied to any function it might serve in social and political decision - making and action , but may attach merely to its novelty , interest , and curiosity . ”
- Postman
Postman argued that the medium of television was inadequate for serious , rational communication .
He did not believe it was impossible , simply that the medium was not conducive to it .
Television ’s highest priority is to win viewers , and the easiest way to this is to appeal to short attention spans with entertaining fluff .
The priority had to be on entertainment , not education .
The internet has only accelerated this trend .
Every site is in competition for clicks , and has quickly discovered that “ New photos of Megan Fox ! ” gets many more clicks than “ Bomb Explosion in Iraq . ”
Further , knowing that the reader is antsy and will quickly move from one thing to another , leads websites to post only the briefest outlines of a story .
When there is so much choice available , each site must make themselves attractive by offering the shortest , fluffiest content possible .
The result is a sea of trivial information , each bit disconnected from the other and lacking context .
What Postman said of the telegraph equally applies to the internet :
“ Telegraphy also made public discourse essentially incoherent .
It brought into being a world of broken time and broken attention …
The principal strength of the telegraph was its capacity to move information , not collect it , explain it or analyze it . ”
The result of the trivial , fragmentary information on the internet is that depth of knowledge has been exchanged for breadth of knowledge .
We know every detail of the recent Tiger Woods drama , we know what our friend Mike had for breakfast and why Jane ’s having a bad day , but how many of us know and understand the details of Obama ’s strategy for Afghanistan ?
And so that is how we communicate off - line as well .
Instead of trading viewpoints on health care with our friends , we show each other the latest clips from Family Guy and keyboard cat .
Conclusion
I ’m no Luddite ( it would be hard to pull off being one and being a blogger ) .
And I love the internet .
It allowed a guy like me to start a new men ’s magazine with virtually no start up costs , just some ideas and elbow grease .
I love how easy it is to find out anything I want to know about any subject .
And I love being able to connect to people around the world .
I simply think that like every tool , the internet must be used with care .
There ’s nothing wrong with entertainment at all , and everybody needs a little Christian side hug in their day .
And we here at AoM like to do posts that are just for fun sometimes too .
It ’s simply a matter of balance and moderation .
A man must be careful to avoid gorging on a diet of strictly fluff .
Not only does it starve the mind and spirit , but it colors our off - line lives as well .
We want everything immediately and easily .
We want the world and the people in it to align with our interests .
We are unable to focus on things that ca n’t be surfed away from .
When we fill ours lives with the merely trivial , we can neglect the things that really matter , the values and relationships that challenge us and cannot be attained with a click of the mouse .
“ What I suggest here as a solution is what Aldous Huxley suggested , as well … For in the end , he was trying to tell us that what afflicted the people in Brave New World was not that they were laughing instead of thinking , but that they did not know what they were laughing about and why they had stopped thinking . ”
Source : Amusing Ourselves to Death by Neil Postman
I ’ve been doing trials on the fusor all night .
Finally GOT IT .
WE HAVE FIRST FUSION .
LOOK AT THIS BUBBLE :
I had the Glassman power supply maxed out , and the deuterium pressure at ~9 millitorr .
The plasma was borderline unstable due to low pressure .
The focus of the plasma was maximal .
There was a sharp uptick in activity from the geiger counter .
The limiting factor was the grid kept heating up and glowing red .
I had to cool it off to repeat each trial .
This is how it makes me feel :
I got a lawn gnome wearing what I assume is a University of Wisconsin hat .
Hes pretty awesome and fits in well with my trooper che and bobs big boy figures .
My wife and I saw Avatar this weekend in 3D .
Here 's the verdict : four out of four stars .
Absolutely amazing special effects -- best I 've ever seen ; fun story ; all in all a very fun , nice movie .
And at its core it was very libertarian : it was about a group of people ( the Na'vi ) defending their property rights on the world Pandora from aggressors ( the human invaders ) , and about one of the humans ( a soldier named Jake Sully ) deciding to join and help the right side .
Sure , the movie has some stilted dialogue in parts , and a few cliched scenes ( I liked how the evil military commander referred to their outrageous assaults on the Na'vi as " shock and awe , " but his telling the troops that they would " fight terror with terror " -- when the Na'vi had not really been shown to have done anything characterizable as terrorism -- was a bit of a stretch in its attempt to dig at the current American " war on terror " ) , but overall it was great and fun , and libertarian .
And the passion and vision and craft that has gone into this movie is amazing to behold .
Cameron is to be commended for this great work of art .
Ignore the cynics -- such as Peter Suderman on Reason 's Hit & Run blog who accuses Avatar of " anti-corporate clichés and quasi- mystical eco-nonsense " .
Nonsense .
Libertarians are not anti-environmentalism , for one ; property rights are the only way to protect the environment .
As for " quasi- mystical " -- I can't say much without spoiling , but the various beliefs of the Na'vi are perfectly grounded in reason and reality , as the movie shows .
As for anti-corporate - - nonsense .
And the " corporation " here is basically a mini-state , or an arm of a state -- it has an army going around killing and destroying ( Lester Hunt makes this point here ) .
In fact , in the review of the leftish Mark Kermode of the BBC , he just calls the bad guys the military ; even he is not taken in by the corporate facade .
And the libertarian hosts of Free Talk Live ( 12/19/09 episode ) get it right too : the plot is about property rights .
In particular , the property rights of the Na'vi , in an established tree - city that they have clearly homesteaded .
The Na'vi are not just some uncivilized savages as some curmudgeonly reviewers imply ; they live they way they do because of the wondrous bounty of their strange world and some unique features it has -- which , again , I can say little of without spoiling , but suffice to say it 's grounded in reality and extrapolative science fiction , not some quasi-mystical nonsense .
They even have a sophisticated homesteading technique worked out for ownership of the wild , pterodactyl - like creatures known as Banshee or ikran .
In addition , the main Na'vi character , Neytiri , although she is betrothed to another Na'vi , is permitted to change her mind and choose someone else -- respect for individual choice and autonomy .
As for the 3D : the 3D was well done , not over - used , and did add depth to the picture .
It 's worth seeing in 3D if you go to the movies .
That said , I do n't think it adds much .
Avatar will still be great on HD home theater systems in Blu - Ray or HD .
Note : we intentionally avoided the IMAX version because I assume the image has to be cropped ( left and right sides chopped off ) to fit IMAX 's different aspect ratio .
Police will study hypnosis to help them encourage suspects to tel the truth [ PA ]
Investigators from across Britain have been invited to a free taster workshop at the University of Chester next June .
It will be held by hypnosis specialist Tom Silver and aims to teach officers how to produce " the deepest and most receptive states of hypnosis " .
Pc Mark Hughes , an investigative skills trainer with Cheshire Police who organised the session , said forensic hypnosis could be " another tool in the armoury " .
He told Police Review : " Putting people in a receptive brainwave state makes it likelier that the truth will come out .
" Forensic hypnosis is a scientific approach , and special helmets monitor brain activity and those who lie have ' wide - awake brainwave patterns ' . "
Officers who want to take the methods further can sign up for a six - day course costing £ 1,370 .
Mr Silver is better known as a celebrity hypnotherapist on US television , with appearances on programmes including the Montel Williams and Ricki Lake chat shows .
His website boasts his mission is to " bring brainwave understanding to everyone " and help people utilise the " science of the mind " .
Pc Hughes added : " Forensic hypnosis does not prove guilt but it can give new lines of inquiry when traditional methods have failed . "
Kids coerced into performing global warming song as strategy document reveals plan to greenwash young minds by turning environmentalism into gaia religion
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , November 30 , 2009
With the reverberations of climategate still echoing , it has now emerged that children are being greenwashed in public schools by being forced to sing climate cult ditties and hate their parents as part of a United Nations propaganda program aimed at capturing young minds , as the UN itself officially acknowledges the global warming mantra as a new religion .
A shocking new UN strategy document also reveals how elitists are recruiting members of academia from all over the globe in an effort to hide the “ end- run ” around national sovereignty that their program represents .
“ When did global warming turn into a forced religion ? , ” asks the New York Post ’s Andrea Peyser as she tells the story of how her daughter came home from school singing the words ” . . .
You can hear the warning — GLOBAL WARMING . . . “ .
“ All the kids had been coerced into singing this catchy ditty , which we called “ The Warming Song , ” at a concert for parents .
Further song lyrics scolded selfish adults ( that would be us ) for polluting our planet and causing a warming scourge that would , in no short order , kill all the polar bears and threaten the birds and bees , ” writes Peyser .
That ’s right , in the spirit of the Club of Rome ’s 1991 resolution to make humanity the enemy in creating the contrived threat of environmental armageddon , children have been turned against their own parents in the service of a new gaia religion .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ In searching for a new enemy to unite us , we came up with the idea that pollution , the threat of global warming , water shortages , famine and the like would fit the bill .
All these dangers are caused by human intervention , and it is only through changed attitudes and behavior that they can be overcome .
The real enemy then , is humanity itself . , ” they wrote in a report entitled “ The First Global Revolution ” .
“ Our children are on the front lines of the warming hysteria , a place where “ experts ” from Al Gore to the president leave no room for dissent or even the slightest skepticism , despite claims that are no more provable than the Earth is flat . , ” says Peyser .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A newly uncovered document sheds some light on the genesis of how such brainwashing found its way into our schools .
A strategy paper for the United Nations Environmental Program ( UNEP ) , the world ’s would - be environmental watchdog , reveals how the global elite in charge of the green takeover resolved that , “ Environmentalism should be regarded on the same level with religion “ as the only compelling , value - based narrative available to humanity , ” according to a Fox News report .
This approach follows a similar tack to the new methods adopted by Al Gore , who in his recent presentations has delivered his message as a kind of religious sermon , acknowledging , “ Simply laying out the facts wo n’t work . ”
The UN planning paper outlines a program of implementing a global system of governance based around environmental regulations and laws , stressing the agenda for the “ evolutionary nature of strengthening international environmental governance . ”
Participants included Janos Pasztor , currently head of the team pushing U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon ’s unprecedented Seal the Deal lobbying campaign to pressure U.N. member governments into signing a new environmental agreement at Copenhagen , Dominic Waughray , currently head of environmental initiatives at the World Economic Forum ; and Maria Ivanova , and Bulgarian academic Maria Ivanova , director of the Global Economic Governance Project at the Yale Center for Environmental Law and Policy .
A core element of the program includes , “ an extensive propagandizing role for UNEP that reaches beyond its member governments and traditional environmental institutions to “ children and youth ” .
“ Civil society , including children and youth , and the private sector will be reached through tailor - made outreach products and campaigns , ” states the document .
The document discusses recruiting academia to further the power of UNEP , noteworthy in light of the recent climategate scandal where scientists at major universities were caught hiding evidence of global cooling .
As the Swiss paper puts it , UNEP “ should pioneer a new style of work .
This requires going beyond a narrow interpretation of UNEP ’s stakeholders as comprising its member states — or even the world ’s governments — and recruiting a far wider community of support , in civil society , the academic world and the private sector . ”
At the same time the paper warns that these groups need to be “ harnessed to the UNEP mission without appearing to make an end - run around the member governments . ”
This passage is fairly damning , as the UN is all but admitting that the program does represent an “ end - run around member governments , ” and that they have to do their best to hide the fact .
The goals enshrined in the document , a counterpart to the globally binding agreement the UN is seeking to achieve in Copenhagen next month , are “ certain to remain a UNEP rallying cry long after the Copenhagen meeting is over — and while the other brainstorming ideas that went into the new four - year strategy , not to mention the strategy itself , go into effect , ” writes Fox News ’ George Russell .
This document represents yet another smoking gun proving that the climate cult movement is all about expanding the power of a dictatorial , unelected global government , diluting powers of nation states , seizing control of the global economy , eviscerating the middle class with a raft of new regulations and laws , and shutting down industry with impossible CO2 reduction mandates , while erecting environmentalism , which is really a thin veil for global fascism , as the new universal religion .
This has nothing to do with saving the earth and , as the climategate scandal has illustrated , nothing to do with the real science – but everything to do with a relatively small clique of globalists running roughshod over humanity itself in pursuit of their malthusian control freak agenda .
This article was posted : Monday , November 30 , 2009 at 3:20 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Reddit Share 0 Shares
The National Center for X - ray Tomography offers a fast way to image the internal architecture of whole cells .
Look for it to expedite drug discovery and biofuels research .
Think of it as an emergency room exam for cells .
In the span of a few minutes , scientists at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory can produce three - dimensional CAT scans of entire cells , revealing their internal structure down to the smallest organelle .
The new imaging technology could speed up a wide range of research that requires scientists to track changes in a cell ’s internal structure , from analyzing how a pharmaceutical prevents a microbe from causing yeast infections to learning the best way to squeeze biofuel from algae .
The images are courtesy of the National Center for X - ray Tomography , which is located at Berkeley Lab ’s Advanced Light Source .
At its heart is a soft X - ray microscope that can image cells at a resolution of about 50 nanometers .
Soft X - rays are so - named because they are less penetrating than those used to diagnose a broken bone — perfect for microscopic samples .
The microscope uses the intense light generated by the Advanced Light Source to take two - dimensional X - ray images of cells , and then digitally stitches these slices into three - dimensional images of whole cells .
It is the only soft X - ray tomography facility dedicated to biochemical and biomedical research .
Recently , a team of scientists from Berkeley Lab , Stanford University , and the University of California , San Francisco used the facility to capture the changes that occur when Candida albicans is exposed to a new and promising antifungal therapy .
C. albicans is a single - cell microbe that lives on the skin and in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts of people .
It is found in approximately 80 percent of humans and is usually harmless , but it sometimes becomes pathogenic and causes yeast infections .
This transformation from good to bad is marked by the growth of a long filament , called a hypha , which extends from the microbe like a tail .
The soft X - ray tomography images revealed that microbes treated with the candidate drug molecules did not develop long hyphae , meaning the therapy successfully blocked C. albicans from becoming infectious .
The images also uncovered a spike in the number and size of lipid bodies inside C. albicans cells , as well as newly formed holes in the cells ’ nucleolus , which is a structure in the nucleus .
Some of these changes would have taken months of work to view using other microscopy techniques , and a few would have been missed altogether .
“ But this only took us a few days using soft x- ray tomography , ” says Gerry McDermott , a guest scientist in Berkeley Lab ’s Physical Biosciences Division and a scientist at the University of California , San Francisco .
“ We saw cellular changes that had n’t been seen in the past .
Because of its high resolution and very little sample prep time , this new technology may help expedite drug discovery , ” says McDermott .
Electron microscopy is currently the workhorse of cellular imaging .
It offers incredibly high - resolution snapshots of cellular architecture .
But it ’s slow : a sample slated for analysis must undergo weeks of preparation .
Another common tool is fluorescence microscopy .
But it only images molecules within a cell that are specially tagged , not the entire cell .
“ Our findings would have been very difficult to obtain using other techniques , ” adds Maho Uchida of Berkeley Lab ’s Physical Biosciences Division and the University of California , San Francisco .
“ The tail of C. albicans is 50 microns long .
It would have taken many electron microscopy images and months of work to see it — but we got it in one sweep . ”
In addition to learning how to fight disease , scientists can train the facility ’s high - throughput and high - resolution imaging capabilities on many scientific challenges , including the hunt for carbon - neutral sources of energy .
“ We can use soft X - ray tomography to measure and quantify the formation of biofuel droplets in algae cells , ” says McDermott .
Scientists from the National Center for X - ray Tomography will also soon add high - resolution cryogenic light microscopy to the facility ’s existing X - ray tomography ’ toolkit .
When combined with soft X - ray microscopy , the facility will be able to produce images that show both a cell ’s structure and the location of chemically labeled molecules or proteins within the cell .
Additional information :
More about the National Center for X -ray Tomography
Read more about the C. albicans research in a paper recently published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
CAR AIR CONDITIONING
START YOUR SHOPPING HERE --->
Year Make 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 AMC
Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Daihatsu DeTomaso Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Ford Freightliner GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti International Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Jensen Kenworth Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mack Maserati Mazda Mercedes Benz Mercury Merkur Mini Mitsubishi Navistar Nissan Oldsmobile Opal Pantera Peterbilt Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Renault Rolls Royce Saab Saturn Scion Specialty and Performance Sterling Subaru Suzuki Toyota Triumph Volkswagen Volvo Winnebago
Why you should look for deals at Discount AC Parts :
Full line of OEM AC parts
All quality - tested AC parts
Full warranty on AC parts
Free Shipping on all orders
Toll free support on calling 1-800-398-3128
If you wish for a trouble - free pleasurable driving experience , then the air conditioning system should be in good working condition .
The main function of the car air conditioning is to offer the passengers cool cabin irrespective of the hot weather .
But if the car air conditioning is not in good condition then you need to look for replacing the worn out parts .
The important components of the car air conditioning system includes a compressor , condenser , evaporator , orifice tube , thermal expansion valve , receiver - drier and accumulator .
The main component of the car air conditioning is the air conditioning compressor .
It is called the heart of the air conditioning system for its very important function .
Then there are heat exchangers in the system which helps in cooling and heating of the air and the refrigerant .
All the parts in the car air conditioning should be in good condition for you to experience the pleasure of driving .
There is no Shipping Fee and no Core Deposit for the parts manufactured by us .
No one else can match our offers .
Clutch is included in most of the compressors produced by us .
At Discount AC
Parts we have a full line of AC parts .
All the parts listed in the website are genuine and are available at wholesale prices .
All you need to do is to the select the right year and the model of your vehicle to find the AC parts from our online catalog .
Our sales associates are available from Monday through Friday between 6 am to 5 pm PST .
Give us a call Toll Free No : 1-800-398-3128 to find out more about our quality auto parts .
We ensure that you will get the best service , quality auto parts , and sound technical advice , so that you need not look elsewhere for your auto part requirements .
Audi A/C Compressor | Acura A/C Compressor | Buick A/C Compressor | BMW A/C Compressor | Chevrolet A/C Compressor| Chrysler A/C Compressor | Dodge A/C Compressor | Ford A/C Compressor | Honda A/C Compressor | Infiniti A/C Compressor | Isuzu A/C Compressor | Jeep A/C Compressor | Jaguar A/C Compressor | Lexus A/C Compressor | Mercedes A/C Compressor | Mitsubishi A/C Compressor | Nissan A/C Compressor | Saab A/C Compressor | Toyota A/C Compressor | Volkswagen A/C Compressor | Volvo A/C Compressor
You know that we ’ve reached a new level of Sovietization when you ’re treated to statements from the Transportation Security Administration claiming confusion to be all a part of the plan .
If you ’re confused then the terrorists will be confused too .
Freedom ’s last hope is that nobody knows what ’s going on , and the subtext is that not establishing a protocol publicly allows the TSA to be “ flexible . ”
Just remember that even in their flexibility , the organs never make mistakes .
Let ’s be honest , the TSA personnel who deal with passengers are pretty much the same just - enough - above - minimum - wage - to - justify - wearing - the - uniform rent - a - cops that the airlines used to hire before “ the day that everything changed . ”
The only difference is that now they have the full weight of federal law enforcement behind their badges and some sort of conviction that they ’re keeping the world safe from evil .
I would n’t be surprised to find out that some of them can barely read ; no protocol is going to be effective when implemented by the incompetent .
But that ’s just my disgruntled , i now hate airports , self bitching .
The fact of the matter is that there is nothing anyone … not even super - genius , secret government agents with perfect teeth and a lovely December tan …can do to make us perfectly secure .
So it really does n’t matter who ’s manning the TSA checkpoints ; at least those folks have a semi-decent , if rotten , job .
Hopefully they can pay the bills .
What i do n’t understand is the idea that Americans are entitled to perfect security .
Here we are ( and for the record , all the troops stationed everywhere in the world are you and i ) crashing around the globe and blowing shit up , yet those of us in God ’s country should face no threat .
And for the most part , we do n’t face any threat .
Nobody ’s bombed any of the weddings i’ve been to over the last few years .
I ’ve never thought , “ I do n’t think i should go downtown , because somebody might suicide bomb where i shop . ”
I ’m convinced that the Canadians will launch their plan for world domination any day , by invading the social and evolutionary cul - de-sac of America where i live .
But as of yet i have not had to contend with RCAF close air support in the neighborhood .
Still here we are , gripped by fear and willing to submit to whatever the organs say is necessary to protect us .
Hunter Thompson used to say that we ’re a nation of pigs .
I disagree .
( Unless he was being Orwellian . )
The comparison is unfair to that noble and intelligent , barnyard beast .
We ’re a nation of five year - olds whose parents do n’t say , “ No , no , there ’s no bogeyman in the closet because there ’s no such thing as the bogeyman . ”
Our parents keep telling us that the bogeyman is real and he ’s out to get us .
He could be in any , or every , closet .
In fact , he probably is in every closet !
True , it is a good way to keep us out of the porn collection and drug paraphernalia .
I ’m not being glib nor am i underplaying all those “ very real dangers ” that we face in the post - 9/11 world .
I ’m saying that if we do n’t want to live with the dangers then we might want to stop provoking them .
I ’m saying that there is no such thing as perfect safety and security ; you are going to die someday and you probably wo n’t go to heaven .
And i’m saying that our government consistently overplays any actual threats ( and their probability ) in order to control us through fear .
I know i’m right because any terrorist organization worth its holy book would have stopped trying to blow up airplanes in flight .
They would have started walking into the ticketing areas of American airports and blowing themselves up right there .
There ’s no fancy security to get to check - in .
There are plenty of people to kill , dramatically so .
And such an act would be more effective at terrorizing the American people than some guy lighting himself on fire above Detroit .
RAJOURI : In a revenge attack , militants tonight hurled two grenades at the house of Rukhsana Kausar , the woman who shot into national limelight by taking on armed terrorists of Lashar - e - Taiba and killing one of them , but she was not present there at the time of the incident .
( Watch Video )
Rajouri district collector S Jaipal Singh said the terrorists hurled grenades at Rukhsana 's house in Rajouri district but neither she nor any member of her family was present there when the attack took place .
" Rukhsana and her family members are at a very safe place , " he said .
Police said the terrorists hurled two grenades and opened fire at Rukhsana 's house at Bhatti , a remote hamlet in Shadra - Sharief belt of Rajouri district at 10.45 pm .
The grenades missed and exploded away from the house , they said adding that later the militants fired from a hill top and escaped under the cover of darkness .
There was no casualty or injury to anyone in the firing and grenade attacks at her house , located about 217 km from Jammu .
Earlier the 21 - year - old girl and her family members were shifted to the high security police colony , where a government quarter has been allotted to them on October 7 , police said .
The targeting of Rukhsana 's house came a little more than a month after she killed a top Pakistani militant of the LeT and injured another on the night of September 27 .
Along with her 18 - year - old brother Aijaz , she overpowered the terrorists who had barged into their house , snatched an AK 47 from one of them and fired at him , killing him on the spot .
Her parents Noor Hussain and Rashida were injured in the incident .
The bravery of Rukhsana , who had never picked up a gun before the September 27 incident , came in for praise from President Pratibha Patil and home minister P Chidambaram during their visits to Jammu and Kashmir .
( CNN ) --
The government of Argentina 's capital will not appeal a court decision this week that legalizes same - sex marriage , Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said Friday .
The court ruled that two articles in the city 's civil code that say only people of different sexes can get married are illegal .
The court decision applies only to Buenos Aires .
Same - sex unions in most of the rest of Argentina remain illegal .
The legal challenge was initiated by a gay couple , Alejandro Freyre and Jose Maria Di Bello .
Judge Gabriela Seijas ordered the city 's civil registry department to honor their union .
" The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person 's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them , " the judge said in her ruling .
The city code prevents people from " enjoying the rights that couples who enter into matrimony are entitled to , " she said .
Those rights include inheritances , pensions and the ability to make decisions for the other person when he or she is incapacitated .
Macri called the ruling a " very important step , " adding that " we have to live together and accept reality .
...
The world is headed in that direction . "
His decision was not easy , Macri said .
Many people wanted him to appeal .
" I had an important internal debate , weighing my upbringing with my search for the best customs and best liberties for society , " he said in a videotaped message on his Facebook page .
" What we have to learn is to live in liberty without violating the rights of others , " he said .
Macri likened the current debate over same - sex marriage to a similar discourse years ago .
" It 's the same as happened with divorce several decades ago -- a very intense debate .
And today it is something very natural , " the mayor said .
Judge Seijas issued the ruling Wednesday but it did not become public knowledge until Thursday , when it was posted on the court 's Web site .
Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador and Uruguay are also addressing the issue of same - sex civil unions .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google Inc said on Monday that it was acquiring of AdMob , one of the largest mobile advertising networks , for $ 750 million , widening its bet that cell phone advertising could become the Internet ’s next - big money maker .
The new Droid phone , a Motorola Inc. and Verizon Wireless phone based on Google Inc 's Android 2.0 system , is shown at a media event in New York October 28 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
Google ’s agreement to buy AdMob in an all - stock deal would give it a key asset as it seeks to extend the reach of its online advertising business from the tethered world of PCs to the smartphones that consumers increasingly use to access the Web while on - the - go .
Google ’s free Android operating system already provides the basic software that powers many of the newer phones , including the recently released Motorola Inc Droid , and which compete with Apple ’s popular iPhone .
Privately - held AdMob makes technology for serving graphical , display ads on mobile phones and maintains a network that allows advertisers to place display ads on mobile Web sites and directly within specialized smartphone applications .
The current revenue opportunity is still modest by Google ’s standards - J.P. Morgan analyst Imran Khan pegged AdMob ’s annual revenue at $ 45 million to $ 60 million - but analysts said the deal underscores Google ’s belief that the market is set to grow .
“ They ’ve made it pretty clear that mobile is one of the biggest opportunities they see , ” said UBS analyst Brian Pitz .
The deal appears to represent the third largest acquisition in Google ’s history , behind the 2008 acquisition of DoubleClick for $ 3.1 billion and the Google ’s 2006 acquisition of YouTube for $ 1.65 billion .
In an interview with Reuters , Google executives declined to say whether the deal would have a positive or negative impact on Google ’s profitability , or provide details about revenue expectations .
“ We expect this will accelerate our growth in this space , ” said Google Vice President of Corporate Development David Lawee .
Google , the world ’s No.1 Internet search engine , does not disclose how much of its revenue , which totaled nearly $ 22 billion in 2008 , comes from mobile ads .
Last month , Google said its mobile searches increased 30 percent quarter - over - quarter in the third quarter .
Google executives said they expected the acquisition to be subject to regulatory review , though they said they do n’t foresee any concerns blocking the deal , which the company said it expects to close in the next several months .
Google Chief Executive Officer Eric
Schmidt recently said that the company was interested in resuming its acquisition efforts , after taking a breather during the worst of the economic downturn .
Schmidt said Google would acquire on average one company a month .
AdMob , which counts more than 15,000 mobile websites and applications in its network , is among the top two or three mobile ad networks measured by the volume of ads served , said Mike Wehrs , CEO of the Mobile Marketing Association .
The company competes with Quattro Wireless and Velti and analysts said that Microsoft Corp , Yahoo Inc and Time Warner Inc ’s AOL had all acquired companies with mobile advertising technology in recent years .
Wehrs said his group expects the overall mobile ad market to increase 28 percent to 33 percent next year to between $ 2.3 billion and $ 2.4 billion .
He said his figures included revenue for all forms of mobile advertising including text message ads .
While search is an important component of mobile ads , Wehrs said that ads that run inside smartphone apps are particularly popular at the moment .
“ The first thing a company asks for when they go to an ad agency is how fast can you get me on an iPhone app , ” said Wehrs .
Google ’s shares finished Monday ’s regular trading session up 2 percent at $ 562.51 .
At New York ’s Shelton Hotel on August 5th , 1926 , in plain view of invited journalists and using no breathing apparatus , Harry Houdini lay in a sealed casket at the bottom of a swimming pool for an hour and a half .
His motivation for the feat was the opportunity to expose Egyptian fakir Rahman Bey , a man who at the time was wowing crowds with the same stunt but attributing his survival to supernatural powers .
Hours after his success , Houdini generously wrote the following letter to Dr. W. J. McConnell , a physiologist at the U.S. Bureau of Mines who had been present at the event .
In it , he detailed the burials and their effects and even provided temperature recordings for McConnell , who in turn used the data in studies relating to the survival techniques of trapped miners .
Sadly , Houdini passed away less than three months later as a result of a ruptured appendix .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
HOUDINI
278 WEST 113TH STREET
NEW YORK , N.Y .
August 5,1926 .
Dr. W. J. McConnell :-
Want to dictate my experiences and feeling as soon as possible , while it is fresh in my mind .
It is now 5:10 P. M .
Have had one half an hour ’s sleep and feel fairly comfortable .
I have made two secret trials for the test and as you saw the coffin I used at the Boyertown Casket Company and have the measurements , I will eliminate that and let you add same .
In the coffin I had 26,428 cubin inches of air and in the galvanised iron coffin which was submerged at the Shelton Baths , I had , 34,396 cubin inches which I believe gave me 7960 more cubin inches of air than in the Boyertown coffin .
I will give you the tests and mark them , 1 , 2 and 3 .
# 1 – Test was made in the coffin without being submerged .
I remained this first time in same for one hour and ten minutes .
Was comfortable which leaves me to believe that some air must have seeped through , though very little , it helped .
I started to perspire after being in about forty - five minutes and was completely saturated with perspiration , but at no time was I in agony .
I scarcely moved .
With my years of training , I can remain apparently motionless without an effort .
I kept my eyes open for fear I would go to sleep .
Dr. William Stone was in attendance , and they were very much afraid of the experiment .
As it progressed their confidence grew , so did mine .
TEST # 2 – Was made with a coffin that was specially made – that is , it had a lining of galvanised iron and was strengthened and tested until it was air - tight .
I got into this Wednesday , August 4th about noon and remained submerged , the coffin being in a large box which you saw on the premises .
Remained in this one hour and thirteen minutes .
This time I was comfortable – somewhat cold ( attached is a sheet of paper giving the temperature ) .
There was plenty of moisture on the inside and I should judge about an inch and a half water on top of the coffin .
I was watched constantly .
Was much more comfortable than at the first test as far as my body was concerned , Started to draw long breaths after about fifty minutes .
There was always an irritability there and thought it was simply temperament on my part .
I was annoyed by movements , annoyed by one of my assistants swaying over my head , even twisting of the key .
I gave the signal to let me out at seventy minutes and believe it took three minutes to unscrew the thiry - two bolts and screws on the coffin .
There was no suffering .
The first test , when the coffin was not in water , – when the lid was taken off and the fresh air touched me , it felt icy cold .
Test # 3 – which you witnessed , I have reason to believe that the air in the Swimming Pool was rarified , because it was warm in the coffin before the two round plates were screwed on .
As a matter of fact I was not comfortable at all and attributed it to the warmth of the place and the mechanical means of drawing air into the pool .
At no time can I say I was as comfortable as during the other tests .
The first day , the anxiety of an accident retarded me somewhat , but as you know I trained for many years as an escape artist and have been nailed in boxes and thrown into rivers ; have been locked in milk cans for two and three minutes .
The Torture Cell which I am now presenting I have performed for twelve years .
This compels me to keep in physical condition and lung capacity all of the time .
In this test I had to breath heavily after about fifty minutes and was not sure of staying an hour .
I hung along over an hour and thought I would do at least ten minutes more .
By this time , I commenced to pant , that is draw rather long slow breathes .
As I remembered in the first two tests , the temperature was less at my feet than at my head , I slid towards the foot of the box .
The irritability was pronounced .
I was going to have them a top shaking the galvanised iron coffin , but wanted to get the benefit of the air action , having read some of your reports and figured out that by moving the box , the air would move .
The time they let the box go and it sprang to the surface , the only fear I had was that there would be a rending of the coffin , allowing the water to force through and drowned me .
As you know I was helpless and would have taken a number of minutes to get me out of a dangerous predicament .
As you know , eight men held the coffin down and on same was about 700 pounds of dead weight .
The men in moving around kept shaking it to and fro .
When the coffin was out of the water , there was a relief all over my body .
In speaking with Mr. Spatz of the Boyertown Casket Company on August 6th , I told him how relieved I felt when that galvanised iron coffin sprang out of the water .
He said this means that there was a give in the galvanising and the air in there had to go somewhere which forced me to be uncomfortable as that air naturally was forced into my body .
The new one they are going to make , they will eliminate any chance of outside pressure having any effect on the inside .
Incidentally , the Boyertown Casket Company , furnished the bronze casket in which Rahmen Bey was sealed and soldered the first time when he was supposed to remain for one hour , but only stayed in same twenty - one minutes .
They have gone out of their way a good deal with these experiments and know they are willing to co-operate with you at any time to find out just exactly what can be done in an air - tight coffin .
We are all interested from a humanitarian viewpoint and any time I am in your vicinity , am gladly at your service .
I counted my respiration and averaged seventeen .
When I dictated this I still had that metallic taste in my stomach and mouth .
Felt rather weak in the knees .
Have no headache but just seem listless .
When Collins , my assistant , phoned me that I had been in there for one hour and twelve minutes , I was going to stay three more minutes but watching my lungs rise and fall thought I could stand the strain for another fifteen minutes .
When the box jumped in the air , I felt water under my shoulders and reaching over found the handkerchief I brought into the coffin was wet .
About this time I thought of it again and put it to my lips thinking it would help me , but outside of relieving the warmth on the mouth , lips and tongue and imagining it might help , I doubt if it had any air value .
Nevertheless I kept it to my lips until I was ready to come up .
After one hour and twenty - eight minutes I commenced to see yellow lights and carefully watched myself not to go to sleep .
I kept my eyes wide open .
Moved on the broad of my back , so as to take all of the weight off my lungs , my left arm was across my chest .
I laid on my right side , my left buttock against the coffin so that I could keep the telephone receiver to my ear without holding it and told Collins to get me up within that time .
At the hour and a half or 1:31 , whatever the time was , again I had that comfortable feeling when the water pressure was off , not entirely relieving my accordion like movement of lungs , but I was at ease and when the coffin was opened , the lower plate , the coffin - seemed to expand and the rush of air lifted me practically off my back .
Again I was irritable and wondered why they did n’t take off the second plate .
As you know I had a plate at the head , and one at the foot .
There is no doubt in my mind that had this test been where fresh air could have gotten in the galvanised iron coffin as I was put in same , I could readily have stayed fifteen or thirty minutes longer .
I must tell you that I have been training for this practically three weeks .
My lungs are in a remarkable condition and when I commenced to pump for air , after one hour and twelve minutes , I believe it was only the training that allowed me to remain .
In ordinary circumstances I can remain under water two minutes without any trouble .
When I was a boy from sixteen to eighteen years of age I could do four minutes in a bath tub where there was not much pressure .
In making this test , I used a physic the day before , ate very light and about 10:25 A. M. August 5th had a fruit salad and a half a cup of coffee .
Was somewhat nervous but that I attribute to the excitement of the test , not through any fear .
In the three weeks I was training , I reduced about twelve pounds .
As the present time I weight 157½ pounds .
If you want any other measurements or additional information I would be glad to let you have same .
Am having a coffin made with a glass top , and as soon as it is ready will let you know .
I know you are doing a worthwhile work and as my body and brain are trained for this particular line , I am at your service .
Do n’t be afraid to ask any question , I will be glad to let you know .
Regards and best wishes ,
( Signed , ‘ Houdini ’ )
P.S. I must tell you that every time I spoke I would gasp for air and was angry at Collins , my assistant making me raise my hand to ring the bell .
Next time I do this , will take a pear shaped bell which I can hold in my hand and simply by thumb pressure push the button , although for you , believe the coffin with the glass cover , would be the most useful .
This is the Temperature at the second test , August 4 , 1926 .
Had two thermometers in the coffin – one at my feet and one at my head .
This was in the coffin with the glass cover .
Time Inside at head Outside
12:05 P.M. 80 65
12:15 80 65
12:20 80 65
12:25 80 65
12:30 82 67
12:35 81 67
12:40 80 67
12:45 80 67
12:50 80 67
12:55 80 67
1 : PM 80 67
1:05 80 67
1:10 80 67
1:13 80 67
The thermometer at the feet was 77 degrees all during the experiment .
This image of Titan was taken by the Descent Imager / Spectral Radiometer on board the European Space Agency 's Huygens probe , on Jan. 14 , 2005 .
It was taken looking west from 5 miles above the surface .
( Credits : ESA / NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
If a suggestion to be made to NASA comes to fruition , vast lakes thought to be filled with liquid hydrocarbons near the north pole of Saturn 's moon Titan , may one day be explored by boat .
A scientific team led by Dr Ellen Stofan from Proxemy Research in Washington DC in the US , has been studying the concept for around two years , and is now ready to submit a proposal to NASA .
The proposal is for a future mission to explore the Ligeia Mare and / or the Kraken Mare in the north of Titan by boat .
Both lakes are huge , with Kraken Mare being bigger than the Caspian sea , the largest lake on Earth .
If the mission eventuates , they would be the first lakes to be explored outside of Earth .
Evidence of the existence of dark patches thought to be lakes on Titan was first found by the Cassini mission in 2005 , with Kraken Mare being discovered in 2007 .
Many dark areas were observed to have channels leading into them , and the contours of the channels imply they were created by liquid flowing into or out of the lakes .
Methane and other hydrocarbons are stable liquids in Titan 's frigid conditions ( where the temperature can be as low as - 179C ) , but water is not , so scientists interpreted the dark areas as lakes of liquid methane , ethane , or a mixture of the two .
The proposal is to launch the mission , dubbed the Titan Mare Explorer ( TiME ) in January 2016 , and to make flybys of Earth and then Jupiter to pick up the required gravitational energy to reach Saturn 's moon .
It would arrive on Titan in June 2023 .
The estimated cost of the mission is less than $ 425 million , which is quite low in comparison to many space exploration missions , such as the $ 3.2 billion Cassini - Huygens mission launched in 2004 .
The boat would carry a mass spectrometer , sonar , cameras and meteorology instruments .
The main objective of the proposed mission is to analyze the lakes to determine their precise chemical composition , but a secondary objective is to study the cycling of methane and other hydrocarbons to work out how these systems operate .
Sonar would be carried to check the depths of the lakes and the bottom contours , and the cameras would send images back to Earth .
Titan resembles
Earth in that there seems to be a circulation of liquid between the land , water bodies , and the atmosphere .
On Earth this is the hydrologic cycle .
In Titan 's case the liquid is not water but would probably behave in the same way .
The cycle has been dubbed the methane - ologic cycle .
According to Stofan 's team , studying the shared climate processes on Titan could help us better understand climate processes on Earth , since if we could develop models that work on both Earth and Titan , we would be more certain we understand the fundamentals for Earth .
NASA and ESA ( the European Space Agency ) are considering a joint mission to Jupiter , but have no immediate plans to visit Saturn .
There may be an opportunity for the Titan mission under NASA 's Discovery Class program , for which bids open early in 2010 .
Dr Stofan , who is also honorary professor at University College London , described the proposal at the American Geophysical Union annual meeting of Earth scientists held in San Francisco from December 14 to 18 this year .
Explore further Glint of Sunlight Confirms Liquid in Northern Lake District of Titan
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Tony Blair has hit back at his critics saying that ' not everyone ' hates him , and that abroad , he remains highly popular .
Blair has been mercilessly attacked for the riches he has attained post Downing Street and criticized for hiding his earnings from the eyes of the public through a vastly complex legal structure .
From the Daily Mail :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
They do n't approach me in an objective way , ' he said .
' Their
first question is how to belittle what I 'm doing , knock it down , write
something bad about it .
It 's not right .
It 's not journalism .
' Reading
the papers in Britain , you 'd end up thinking I 'd lost three elections
rather than won them .
There is a completely different atmosphere around
me outside the country .
' People accept the work that you
are doing , as it is .
They do n't see anything wrong with being
successful financially and also doing good work . '
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
While Blair has certainly done some good after his tenure in office , his obsession with is own popularity shows why the British public grew to hate him in the first place .
Blair 's immense narcissism and unwavering belief that anything he did must be right led the country into a series of catastrophic choices with profound repercussions .
Blair led Britain to war under false pretense in both Iraq and Afghanistan , both of which were not only illegal but strategically disastrous .
He also deregulated the city and allowed the banks to determine economic policy that ended up in one of the worst crisis in British history .
Blair 's economic policies have polarized society to the point where the divide between rich and poor is greater than in any time in human history , and the ladder upon which he climbed to get to the top was kicked down one rung at a time .
Free university is a thing of the past , and unlike Blair , today 's brightest must go into massive debt if they have a chance of financial success .
Property prices have ballooned to the point where many workers cannot afford to live in the city they work in , and wages for the majority of the population has stagnated even though the cost of living is rising .
While Blair may still think he ' did the right thing ' , most of the people he presided in power over do n't .
While he insists that everyone outside of Britain loves him , he was n't their prime minister , so it does n't really matter .
Hundreds and thousands of lives have been lost through his decisions , and millions of people have suffered immeasurably due to the economic implosion that he helped create .
The fact that he is earning millions of pounds by through speaking and advising banks just makes it that much more offensive , and he should n't spend too much time wondering why the public harbours such visceral resentment .
It 's pretty bloody obvious .
Paul Dobbins and Tollef Olson admit they still have a kink in their scheme to use seaweed to revolutionize American eating habits , clean the environment , lower the federal trade deficit and make themselves fabulously rich .
Call it the yuck factor .
“ It tastes better than it looks , ” said Olson , holding a shimmering frond of brown horsetail kelp he had just plucked from the cold gray waters of Casco Bay .
“ Really . ”
Dobbins and Olson run what is believed to be America ’s only commercial kelp farm .
Inspired by mega - aquaculture sites in Asia , and a $ 7 - billion global seaweed industry , the two entrepreneurs started cultivating kelp here last year and have begun marketing it as an exotic frozen vegetable .
“ It ’s a giant brown algae in the water , but it turns bright green when it ’s cooked , ” Olson said .
“ Think kelp noodles .
And kelp salad .
And kelp slaw . ”
The aqua - farmers go to work each day in a 41 - year - old lobster boat , chugging between rugged islands and rocky outcrops .
They usually wear wet suits and scuba gear to tend their underwater crop by hand .
On wintry days , they light a wood - burning stove below deck to keep warm .
As the boat bobbed off Bangs Island one recent morning , they tied three species of kelp seedlings into long mesh sleeves .
They lowered each sleeve about 25 feet into the tidal current on ropes tied to a large raft that was anchored to the bottom near the last few lobster traps of the season .
By spring , each frond should be 6 to 8 feet long .
The kelp will be cut by hand , briefly boiled to kill bacteria , sliced into spaghetti- or fettuccine - like strips , and frozen in plastic bags .
The company , Ocean Approved , sold the first year ’s crop to half a dozen Whole Foods Markets and other high - end natural food stores in Boston , Los Angeles and Portland , Maine , where it goes for up to $ 4.60 for 4 ounces .
Mixed with coleslaw , the kelp tastes tangy and crunchy , less pungent than dried seaweed .
It does not taste fishy .
Ocean Approved plans to expand production tenfold next year using underwater acreage it has leased from Maine ’s Department of Marine Resources .
It will start a nursery for kelp seedlings that can be transplanted to long lines on the seafloor , and then hauled up and harvested on barges , rather than in the water .
“ It ’s a great stride forward , ” said Robert Morse , owner of North American Kelp , which collects kelp the old - fashioned way -- from rocks in tidal inlets along the central Maine coast -- for animal feed and fertilizer .
“ Let ’s hope it takes off .
It will create a lot of jobs . ”
“ What ’s unique is they are producing convenience food , American food , like fish sticks , ” agreed David Myslabodski , who runs Great SeaVegetables , a consulting firm in Rockland , Maine .
“ It ’s a novelty .
It does n’t exist anywhere else . ”
Scientists who study marine algae , called phycologists , also are watching closely .
“ I ’m absolutely persuaded it has huge potential , ” said John Forster , an aquaculture consultant based in Port Angeles , Wash .
“ Certainly it ’s a niche right now .
But the idea that human beings wo n’t eat more marine vegetables in the future seems very improbable . ”
The oceans contain more than 9,000 species of seaweed , including about 300 of kelp .
Most are not edible .
Seaweed does n’t require arable land , fresh water or fertilizer .
Kelp grows swiftly -- 2 feet a day in some species -- and produces no runoff or erosion .
It cleanses the water of excess nutrients and absorbs carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming .
“ This is n’t rocket science , ” said professor Charles Yarish , a marine biologist at the University of Connecticut and an unpaid advisor to the new company .
“ Seaweed performs a very important ecological function .
Farming does it in a more sustainable way . ”
The idea is hardly new .
In 1966 , Time magazine predicted that by the year 2000 , “ huge fields of kelp and other kinds of seaweed will be tended by undersea ‘ farmers ’ -- frogmen who will live for months at a time in submerged bunkhouses . ”
The seaweed probably would be “ regenerated chemically to taste like anything from steak to bourbon . ”
Seaweed is a booming global business even if it still tastes like seaweed .
About 15 million metric tons were harvested in about 35 countries in 2007 , nearly double the total of a decade earlier , according to the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization .
China is the largest producer and exporter , and nearly all its crop is farmed in operations that fill entire bays and estuaries .
Various species are added to noodles in the Philippines , mixed with oats to bake bread in Wales , added to nutmeg and milk for a beverage in Belize , and consumed in soups , garnishes , snacks and with sushi in Japan .
Kelp is processed to extract food gums -- texturizing agents called agars , alginates and carrageenans .
The additives make toothpaste thick , yogurt creamy , beer foamy and skin moisturizers moist , among countless other uses .
“ Most Americans do n’t know it , but they already consume seaweed products every day , ” said Robert Vadas , professor of marine sciences at the University of Maine .
“ Most of it is imported . ”
America once had a major kelp industry based in Southern California .
During World War I , some 1,500 companies harvested towers of giant kelp , the world ’s largest seaweed , from coastal beds between San Diego and Eureka to provide potash for gunpowder .
Most shut down when their contracts expired after the war .
Soon after , the nation ’s largest kelp company , known as Kelco , began operating ocean - going barges that cut and collected hundreds of tons of giant kelp each day off San Diego .
A factory in the city ’s Barrio Logan neighborhood processed it for food additives , pharmaceuticals , chemicals and other industries .
Others saw even greater possibilities .
Energy activists pushed seaweed as a renewable source of biofuel to ease America ’s reliance on imported oil .
The idea was to ferment kelp to generate methane , or process it to produce ethanol , as is done with corn and sugar cane .
But the marine biofuel industry never proved viable .
Nor did proposals to create vast mid-ocean rafts of floating kelp to soak up greenhouse gases .
ISP Alginates closed its Kelco plant in San Diego in 2005 and moved the operation to Scotland , rather than meet California ’s environmental regulations .
Today , only a handful of smaller U.S. companies harvest seaweed .
Those in California chiefly provide feed for abalone farms .
Those in Maine mostly supply fertilizer , livestock feed and dietary supplements .
“ People who eat dried seaweed are pretty dedicated to it , ” said Ellen Andrews , marketing manager for Maine Coast Sea Vegetables , which sells powdered seaweed and Kelp Krunch Bars to natural food stores and health clinics .
“ It ’s very healthy . ”
Some fans extol kelp ’s supposed ability to combat everything from cancer and HIV infections to radiation poisoning and high blood pressure .
Scientists say those claims are unproven at best .
“ It ’s a mineral supplement , not a miracle food , ” said John Pease , professor emeritus of biology at UC Santa Cruz .
Olson , 53 , founded his kelp farm after working as a treasure hunter , commercial fisherman and mussel grower .
Dobbins , 45 , was general manager of a bio - tech company before he heard Olson pitch kelp at a local supermarket .
“ I see this as a potential way to create a whole new fishery in Maine , ” said Dobbins .
He said they have invested about $ 300,000 so far .
“ We ’re still losing our shirts , ” he added .
Whether Americans will buy frozen kelp from the grocer as readily as frozen spinach remains to be seen .
Rebranding may be the key .
“ When you hear the term seaweed , you do n’t have a positive reaction , ” Yarish said .
“ You think about all that slimy crap on the beach and say , ‘ Get it away from me . ’
That ’s why I like to say sea vegetable .
It sounds much nicer . ”
bob.drogin@latimes.com
Raw :
An Iraqi surgeon removes a spanner from a man 's throat , raising the question of " How The F**k Did That Get In There "
Barack Obama acknowledged today that time had run out to secure a legally binding climate deal at the Copenhagen summit in December and threw his support behind plans to delay a formal pact until next year at the earliest .
During a hastily convened meeting in Singapore , the US president supported a Danish plan to salvage something from next month 's meeting by aiming to make it a first - stage series of commitments rather than an all - encompassing protocol .
Postponing many contentious decisions on emissions targets , financing and technology transfer until the second - stage , leaders will instead try to reach a political agreement in Copenhagen that sends a strong message of intent .
While this falls short of hopes that the meeting would lock in place a global action plan to replace the Kyoto protocol , it recognises the lack of progress in recent preparatory talks and the hold - ups of climate legislation in the US Senate .
Michael Froman , US deputy national security adviser for economic affairs , said : " There was a realistic assessment ... by the leaders that it was unrealistic to expect a full internationally legally binding agreement to be negotiated between now and when Copenhagen starts in 22 days . "
Britain 's climate change secretary , Ed Miliband , tried to put a brave face on Obama 's move , insisting it is still possible to reach a broad political agreement on carbon emissions targets , but senior Labour MPs admitted they feared the necessary momentum for a detailed agreement would be sucked from the Copenhagen event if politicians know a deal has been postponed to the next scheduled meeting in Mexico City next year .
Gordon Brown had pledged to go to Copenhagen to help broker a deal , insisting there could be no plan B. Miliband again todayurged Obama to attend .
There will now be intense discussions on whether the political agreement at Copenhagen contains any detailed meaningful commitments .
Denmark 's prime minister , Lars Lokke Rasmussen , the host and chairman of the climate talks , flew overnight to Singapore to pitch the deferral plan to 19 leaders , including Obama and China 's president , Hu Jintao , at an unscheduled event during the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation summit .
He insisted that the Copenhagen talks could still set political targets and outline commitments .
" Given the time factor and the situation of individual countries we must , in the coming weeks , focus on what is possible and not let ourselves be distracted by what is not , " Rasmussen told the leaders .
" The Copenhagen agreement should finally mandate continued legal negotiations and set a deadline for their conclusion . "
Obama spoke in support of the proposal , cautioning the group not to let the " perfect be the enemy of the good " , Froman said .
The proposal by Denmark would buy time for the US Senate to pass carbon - capping legislation , allowing the Obama administration to bring a 2020 target and financing pledges to the table at a UN climate meeting in mid-2010 .
But there are many other divisions between developed and developing nations that could prolong talks .
It was unclear if China , the world 's biggest emitter , and other developing countries supported the two - stage plan .
The level of international support may be clearer at a meeting on Monday of about 40 environment ministers in Copenhagen .
Other governments said there was little choice .
" Leaders were clear in their view that the current officials - led process is running into all sorts of difficulties , and therefore it is time for leaders , politically , to step in , " Australia 's prime minister , Kevin Rudd , told reporters after the meeting with Rasmussen .
" It 's going to be tough as all hell , but let me tell you I believe everyone is seeking , right now , to put their best foot forward . "
The development casts new significance on the summit in Beijing tomorrowbetween Obama and Hu .
According to the UK government 's former chief scientist Sir David King , these talks are the best chance for the world to agree a new deal .
" Once Hu Jintao and Obama agree , I think the rest of the world could fall into place , " he told the Guardian .
" It 's a head of state issue .
Obama , through an agreement with Hu Jintao , could be able to deal with some of the concerns of the American population . "
Sources close to the US - China talks are playing down the chances of a public breakthrough , saying only modest progress may be announced , in the area of clean technology cooperation .
But signs of collaboration could unblock the logjam in the Senate and in international talks .
" Copenhagen has come a year too early .
There was no way Obama could get this together for December this year , " said King .
Chinese negotiators have been saying much the same thing in private .
US officials are anxious about the timing of a likely announcement from China on its first carbon intensity target , thought to be around 40 % to 45 % reductions relative to economic growth by 2020 .
Although not internationally binding , a Chinese move could see the Obama administration blamed for a lack of progress .
The extension is not unexpected given the downbeat statements by world leaders in recent weeks .
But the delay has frustrated those who feel time is running out .
" Heads of states must go beyond simply discussing the problems .
They have to start solving them , " said Diane McFadzien of the Worldwide Fund for Nature . "
• For news and analysis of the UN climate talks in Copenhagen sign up for the Guardian 's environment email newsletter Greenlight
Here ’s a good catch by CNN from this White House video that provides a behind - the - scenes look at the Obama administration ’s cabinet meetings .
While it appears almost the entire cabinet uses BlackBerry as their smartphone of choice ( I think I see one Razr in the pile … really ? ) , all devices are to be left at the door before meetings begin .
As you can see , the relatively low - tech way of keeping track of which phone belongs to which statesman is fairly amusing .
It also appears that United States Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice needs no less than three BlackBerry devices to remain connected .
Here ’s a big screen capture :
CNN Airs Eyewitness Testimony that ‘ Well - Dressed ’ Indian accomplice helped Abdulmutallab board without passport and that man on plane filmed entire flight and bombing attempt
Aaron Dykes
Infowars
December 29 , 2009
Evidence is emerging that clearly indicates Abdulmutallab was more than just a Nigerian extremist carrying out his anger through an ill - conceived plot to ignite a powdery explosive substance on - board a flight to the United States .
Eyewitness testimony pointing to a man helping the accused terrorist board without a passport , along with an unusual cameraman documenting the attempted attack on board the plane raise more than red flags– they point towards an intelligence operation , run as a drill , meant to conjure up public support for a number of fronts in the continuing ‘ War on Terror . ’
CNN interviewed key flight witnesses during their Dec. 28 program who raised these very points , making clear that the full story is still emerging and that wider - connections to intelligence handlers is evident .
THE SHARP - DRESSED MAN
Kurt Haskell and his wife , who were witnesses on board Northwest Airlines Flight 253 saw Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab receiving assistance from a well - dressed , wealthy - looking Indian man at the boarding gate in Amsterdam .
Haskell told CNN that the accused bomber appeared strikingly ‘ poor ’ next to the well - dressed man .
According to Haskell , that man did the talking for him , explaining to the flight personnel at the gate that Abdulmutallab needed to board without a passport , claiming that he was a Sudanese refugee .
Haskell told CNN :
“ Laurie and I were sitting near the boarding gate , sitting on the floor , there were n’t any seats to sit in .
And I saw two men .
They caught my eye because they seemed to be an odd pair .
One was what I would describe as a poor - looking black teenager around 16 or 17 , and the other man , age 50 - ish , wealthy looking Indian man .
And I was just wondering why they were together– kinda strange .
And I watched them approach what I would call the ticket agent , the final person that checks your boarding pass before you get on the plane .
And I could hear the entire conversation .
The only person that spoke was the Indian man , and what he said was : ‘ This man needs to board the plane , but he does n’t have a passport . ’
And the ticket agent responded , ‘ Well , if he does n’t have a passport , he ca n’t get on the plane . ’
To which the Indian man responded back , ‘ He ’s from Sudan .
We do this all the time . ’
And the ticket agent said , ‘ Well , then you ’ll have to go and talk to my manager . ’
And she directed them down a hallway .
And that was the last time I saw the Indian man , and the black man I did n’t see again until he tried to blow up our plane hours later . ”
The gate attendee referred the odd - couple to the manager .
Haskell said that was the last he saw of the wealthy man , but later recognized Abdulmutallab after the incident occurred on the plane .
That ’s when he says he put two and two together about the unusual connection .
His wife , Laurie , said she found it ‘ odd ’ that authorities have not yet followed up on their witness account , as they were the only ones known to have witnessed Abdulmutallab with the ‘ Indian ’ man prior to boarding the flight .
THE CAMERAMAN
If he had help getting on the flight with no passport after having been reported to U.S. authorities by his own father , what is the true explanation for the man seen filming the entire flight ?
Another witness on board the flight , Richelle Keepman , said she noticed the mysterious cameraman at the beginning of the flight , believing the man might have been simply excited about a first flight , or etc .
Later when the ‘ bombing ’ incident took place , she says the cameraman was the only one standing up , and intently filming the entire incident .
ADDULMUTALLAB AND THE WIDER WAR ON TERROR
Put this together with new focus on Yemen ‘ in the fight against Al Qaeda ’ , including calls from Sen.
Lieberman to pre-emptively attack , the media ’s immediate hype of the event , and the ready - made Body Scanners and other ‘ enhanced ’
Airport security , it is clear that this is a contrived incident intentionally unleashed to goad renewed support for ever - expanding terrorism - related warfare in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Sudan and now Yemen .
[ efoods ] Just like after 9/11 , airport travelers are again prepared to accept greater violations of their liberties and privacy for supposed security .
Yet patsies and watchlist - subjects alike have repeatedly been allowed to bypass security clearance and been proven to have ties to the intelligence community .
The latest accused ‘ terrorist ’
Abdulmutallab was very likely the fall - guy in a pattern - drill– handled by wealthy , mismatched associates , allowed to board without required credentials , and videotaped by a cameraman with an unknown connection .
Was Abdulmutallab involved with these figures through a drill which ended with an intentionally - failed bombing meant to incite great fear of terrorism ?
PREVIOUSLY -STAGED TERROR
This would fit closely with other elements of CIA - concocted “ terrorism . ”
Many of the 9/11 hijackers and other known extremists were revealed to have participated in ‘ dry run ’ drills , shared addresses with intelligence handlers or lived on military bases , were allowed to pass through the border despite being on one or more watchlists , and were given VISAS / Passports through execptions and / or special clearance .
Similarly , David Headly , named in the Mumbai attack , has been exposed as a CIA - double agent .
FBI / CIA provocateurs and exaggerated accounts of extremists groups have continued to emerge from the phony stories given to the public in the cases of many would - be plots , such as in Toronto , the ‘ plot ’ to bomb the Sears Tower , the Transatlantic liquid bomb plot , alleged plans to ‘ blow up a Jewish temple and shoot down military planes ’ in New York and more .
We see a similar pattern here , the emerging evidence strongly suggests .
How long will we allow deliberately - provoked terror incidents to frighten us to death , invade our privacy , erode our liberties , restrict our travel and perpetuate an ever - expanding string of wars ?
COMMENTARY : BODY - SCANNERS AND THE SECURITY - SWINDLE
Benjamin Franklin long ago warned us that “ If we restrict liberty to attain security , we will lose both . ”
And that those willing to make that bargain deserve neither their liberty nor security .
On the most basic level , government is established only for the common security of its people .
Thus , it is no surprise that government tends to test the line between the government and the governed on grounds of “ security . ”
It is no coincidence that Franklin and fellow compatriots like Thomas Paine laid down principled reasons for an individuals ’ rights in respect to government .
Today ’s advances in technology do not diminish the principled reasons for keeping government ’s power in check with the people ’s essential , as per Franklin– freedom .
The ‘ War on Terror ’ is a shining example of Franklin ’s principle gone awry .
You cannot fight against an existential , shadowy “ enemy ” , on a fishing expedition for evidence , avoiding certainties , and employing such unprincipled tactics as torture , rendition , widespread wire - tapping – going against the very spirit of the law established by the Constitution , while hoping to maintain that opposing spirit in the nation .
The people , for reasons of “ security ” are stripped and searched – preemptively , without warrant , probable cause or specific things being searched for– in ever - expanding screenings – losing privacy , dignity and basic freedom of travel .
But even this is not the point .
All the while , the rare , real perpetrator , identified as a terrorist , never goes through the database checks , security screening or passenger tracking schemes set - up by Homeland Security .
The people do .
Mothers with breastmilk .
Business men with laptops .
Shoes , belts , nail clippers , tooth paste , underwear , but not terrorists .
They evidently are whisked through by contacts who may or may not work directly for the FBI , CIA or etc .
Databases make exceptions for its most - important targets while people with commonly - confused names are kept from flying or subject to secondary screening .
Any ordinary person without proper documentation is subject , at the least , to alternate verification and likely quite a few intense questions .
For this would - be bomber , however , it is apparently the matter of a handshake with the manager , and a high - level contact to vouch as sponsor .
It ’s a bait and switch .
It ’s not security , Constitutionally - sound or not .
It ’s a scheme to tightly - control the travel of ordinary Americans while co-opting that fear through staged - attacks to generate support for various overseas operations .
It is textbook problem - reaction - solution .
Though the Body Scanners have already been phased in throughout the U.S. , they along with newly hailed restrictions , such as banning blankets , electronics and on - board bathroom use during the final 60 minutes of flight , are heavy - handed measures set up by Homeland Security that have been waiting for the right excuse to introduce them to the public .
But it ’s a misapplication of security by an inept arm of government stumbling in the dark .
The TSA offers neither security nor freedom– it ’s Franklin ’s monster .
The heroic , but also practical actions of the passengers in thwarting this attempted - attack is a sane reminder in the fog of the ‘ War on Terror ’ that people can actually fend for themselves in many situations , particularly in the face of danger .
Though real , big scale dangers do exist for which governments clearly play a role , we cannot shriek in the face of danger , handing over to government all that we hold in the balance .
There are ways of detecting crimes , preventing attacks and ‘ saving lives , for the children ’ that do n’t involve enslaving and indicting the whole of the population .
The game is surely rigged if the criminal it was meant to catch walks right through the proverbial back - door , which was held open for him by the archetypal inside man .
The trading of liberty for so - called security does not balance favorably , but transfers power duly held by the people to the government , the more dangerous by the loosened - chains of the Constitution .
Supporting links and further info :
http://www.prisonplanet.com/man-videotaped-underwear-bomber-on-flight-253.html
http://www.prisonplanet.com/bomber-had-no-passport-helped-to-board-plane-by-sharp-dressed-man.html
http://www.cnn.com/2009/CRIME/12/28/terror.suspect.father/index.html
http://www.prisonplanet.com/terrorist-or-cia-agent-maybe-both.html
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/june2006/080606militaryconnections.htm
http://www.prisonplanet.com/new-york-terror-plot-another-government-provocateured-set-up.html
http://www.prisonplanet.com/cia-and-mi6-links-to-rauf-and-liquid-bomb-plot.html
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/june2006/230606searstower.htm
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This is exactly why I always buy five of everything .
Hope everyone had / is having / will have a great holiday season !
Things are going well for me so far .
I had / am having / will have some great soup for dinner .
- Alex
This Is How Tyrants Think and Operate Update , from Andy McCarthy at the Corner :
You just ca n’t make up how brazen this crowd is .
One week ago , President Obama quietly signed an executive order that makes an international police force immune from the restraints of American law . …. ( On December 17 ) for no apparent reason , President Obama issued an executive order removing the Reagan limitations .
That is , Interpol ’s property and assets are no longer subject to search and confiscation , and its archives are now considered inviolable .
This international police force ( whose U.S. headquarters is in the Justice Department in Washington ) will be unrestrained by the U.S. Constitution and American law while it operates in the United States and affects both Americans and American interests outside the United States .
McCarthy does not exaggerate .
The EO ’s exact wording is ( bold is mine ) :
By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America , including section 1 of the International Organizations Immunities Act ( 22 U.S.C. 288 ) , and in order to extend the appropriate privileges , exemptions , and immunities to the International Criminal Police Organization ( INTERPOL ) , it is hereby ordered that Executive Order 12425 of June 16 , 1983 , as amended , is further amended by deleting from the first sentence the words “ except those provided by Section 2 ( c ) , Section 3 , Section 4 , Section 5 , and Section 6 of that Act ” and the semicolon that immediately precedes them .
President Reagan ’s original EO text , modified with Obama ’s new deletions , now reads as follows ( bold is mine ) :
By virtue of the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and statutes of the United States , including Section 1 of the International Organizations Immunities Act ( 59 Stat. 669 , 22 U.S.C. 288 ) , it is hereby ordered that the International Criminal Police Organization ( INTERPOL ) , in which the United States participates pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 263a , is hereby designated as a public international organization entitled to enjoy the privileges , exemptions and immunities conferred by the International Organizations Immunities Act ; except those provided by Section 2 ( c ) , the portions of Section 2 (d ) and Section 3 relating to customs duties and federal internal - revenue importation taxes , Section 4 , Section 5 , and Section 6 of that Act .
This designation is not intended to abridge in any respect the privileges , exemptions or immunities which such organization may have acquired or may acquire by international agreement or by Congressional action .
So Obama got rid of ALL of Reagan ’s exceptions , making INTERPOL a fully privileged entity ( i.e. , “ appropriate ” to Obama means “ full ” ) .
An almost up - to - date list of “ Public International Organizations Entitled To Enjoy Certain Privileges , Exemptions , and Immunities ” is here .
What compelling , undisclosed , undiscussed , undebated , unexplained need motivated this action ?
A key point , followed by a conclusion , at Threatswatch :
Section 2c of the United States International Organizations Immunities
Act is the crucial piece .
“ Property and assets of international organizations , wherever located and by whomsoever held , shall be immune from search , unless such immunity be expressly waived , and from confiscation .
The archives of international organizations shall be inviolable . ”
In light of what we know and can observe , it is our logical conclusion that President Obama ’s Executive Order amending President Ronald Reagans ’ 1983 EO 12425 and placing INTERPOL above the United States Constitution and beyond the legal reach of our own top law enforcement is a precursor to more damaging moves .
Unless someone has a defensible alternative conclusion , I would say that ’s the default .
Even if the conclusion is wrong , the move itself is damaging enough .
Update , December 26 : At Patriot Room — “ INTERPOL the only police authority entity exempt from S&S ( search and seizure ) under 1945 Act ”
Update 2 , December 26 : From the “ imagine that ” Dept . —
Though the expression “ modern day SS ” sounds like a hyperbolic metaphor , an examination of Interpol ’s roots shows that it is , in fact , more literally true than that .
I was in Europe in 1973 when an expose was published , revealing that many , if not all , of the presidents of Interpol from the late 1930s or early ’ 40s until at least 1972 were Nazi Gestapo and SS officers .
Reinhard ( ” The Hangman ” ) , Heydrich ( also head of Nazi SS Intelligence Service ) and Gestapo chief Ernst Kaltenbrunner .
By 1942 Interpol was consolidated with the Nazi Central Police , run by the Gestapo .
As the Nazis invaded cities throughout Europe , police files from each were seized and evidently integrated into Interpol ’s files .
In 1972 the sitting Interpol President was Paul Dickopf , former Nazi SS officer ( SS # 337259 ) .
The source on this ?
The Simon Wiesenthal Center .
Simon Wiesenthal is pretty much the most famous of the post - war Nazi hunters , having impressively thorough files . ….
Interpol are not the good guys .
Nothing good can come from giving them any domain at all in our country .
__________________________________________________________
Polling news at Rasmussen ( HT Gateway Pundit ) :
Obama ’s strong approval vs. strong disapproval is 25 % v. 46 % , yielding a “ Presidential Approval Index ” of - 21 % , his worst yet .
Bush 43′s strong disapproval in early January , just before he left office , was 43 % .
“ For the second straight day , the update shows the highest level of Strong Disapproval yet recorded for this President .
That negative rating had never topped 42 % before yesterday .
However , it has risen dramatically since the Senate found 60 votes to move forward with the proposed health care reform legislation . ”
__________________________________________________________
More Globaloney refutation ( HT Roger Simon ) , with a troubling implication ( internal links added by me ) –
Cosmic rays and chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , both already implicated in depleting the Earth ’s ozone layer , are also responsible for changes in the global climate , a University of Waterloo scientist reports in a new peer - reviewed paper ( PDF ) . ….
“ My findings do not agree with the climate models that conventionally thought that greenhouse gases , mainly CO2 , are the major culprits for the global warming seen in the late 20th century , ” ( University of Waterloo professor of physics and astronomy Qing - Bin ) Lu said .
“ Instead , the observed data show that CFCs conspiring with cosmic rays most likely caused both the Antarctic ozone hole and global warming .
These findings are totally unexpected and striking , as I was focused on studying the mechanism for the formation of the ozone hole , rather than global warming . ”
His conclusions are based on observations that from 1950 up to now , the climate in the Arctic and Antarctic atmospheres has been completely controlled by CFCs and cosmic rays , with no CO2 impact .
“ Most remarkably , the total amount of CFCs , ozone - depleting molecules that are well - known greenhouse gases , has decreased around 2000 , ” Lu said .
“ Correspondingly , the global surface temperature has also dropped .
In striking contrast , the CO2 level has kept rising since 1850 and now is at its largest growth rate . ”
In his research , Lu discovers that while there was global warming from 1950 to 2000 , there has been global cooling since 2002 .
The cooling trend will continue for the next 50 years , according to his new research observations .
Lu ’s Selected Publications ( 31 listed ) and Conference Abstracts ( 22 listed ) page is here .
Here ’s the troubling implication :
CFCs were widely used for a while .
The science supported the idea that CFCs were depleting the ozone layer ( Update : See Comment 2 below ; even that ’s not necessarily clear ) .
See Comment 2 below ; even that ’s not necessarily clear ) .
Despite initial industry objections , industry came around , and CFCs were banned .
The foundation of the ability to ban them was based on the supposed credibility of the science .
The man -made / anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) alarmists spent up to two decades creating bogus , not - credible “ science , ” covering their dishonest tracks , and attempting to intimidate and silence critics in support of what became a political cause ( or was one all along ) instead of a legitimate scientific pursuit .
( Added at 7:45 p.m. )
They have NO credibility .
Climategate ’s body of evidence has destroyed it .
It ca n’t be recovered , at least by the crew that has been involved up to now .
They have NO credibility .
Climategate ’s body of evidence has destroyed it .
It ca n’t be recovered , at least by the crew that has been involved up to now .
When the next valid scientific claim such as the danger of CFCs requiring change in how things are made or done comes along , the skepticism will likely be higher .
That ’s because the fundamentally dishonest , character - assassinating AGW alarmists — assisted by others who for decades have questioned the validity of any scientific findings solely on the basis that they do n’t like the people who funded the work — have seriously poisoned the well of presumptive scientific credibility .
Too - slow reaction to valid concerns may cause harm that otherwise would not have occurred .
As brilliant as Phelim McAleer ’s globaloney - debunking work has been , I believe his film ’s title ( “ Not Evil Just Wrong “ ) understates the globalarmists ’ treacherous mind - set and its potentially harmful long - term consequences .
While this is good news , Children of Earth was 13 epsiodes worth of quality packed into a little over 6 episodes ( since each was 1:15 long ) .
I would much rather get less quantity and more quality than the other way around and that applies to all shows .
Helen tavoittelee hiilineutraaliutta vuonna 2035 .
Teemme jatkuvasti töitä sen eteen , että Suomen energiajärjestelmä muuttuu entistä puhtaammaksi , joustavammaksi ja älykkäämmäksi .
Kuluvan vuoden aikana olemme investoineet muun muassa uusiutuvaan energiantuotantoon ja energiatehokkuuteen 350 miljoonaa euroa .
Kokonaisuudessaan energia - ala investoi vuoteen 2035 mennessä noin 40 miljardia euroa puhtaaseen tuotantoon ja energian jakeluun .
Police have started dragging climate change protesters from the rail line leading to Australia 's biggest coal export facility .
A single protester from the local activist group Rising Tide Newcastle walked onto the train tracks early this morning and stopped a fully laden coal train .
Dozens more protesters quickly chained themselves to an 8,000 - tonne coal train and the main line leading to the Newcastle export facility .
About a dozen protesters , including an 86 - year - old man , have been arrested , several complaining of heavy - handed police tactics .
A Buddhist monk and a local councillor have also been removed from the tracks .
The protesters are objecting to what they say is the failure of the Copenhagen climate change talks to produce a just , effective and legally binding treaty .
Newcastle ships about 100 million tonnes of coal 24 hours a day , mainly to Japan and Taiwan , and today 's protest is likely to have a severe impact on the exports .
Earlier , Rising Tide spokesman Steve Phillips said many of the 40 protesters were occupying a rail bridge that carries the coal into the terminal .
" One of the activists is perched atop a wooden tripod in the middle of the rail bridge , " he said .
" We 're here today protesting the failure of the UN climate talks in Copenhagen , that we believe the rich world wrecked any chance of getting any good agreement out of . "
The protesters have warned of further action like this in the future and Australian Greens leader Bob Brown believes the coal industry should brace itself for more of these types of protests .
" Civil society is getting more and more frustrated and angry with the inaction of the pollution - bound , big - party politicians , " he said .
" We are going to see more protest action against the powerful coal mining lobby , which wants to open more coal mines . "
South Carolina 's plate was similar to the one rejected for use in Florida
A US judge has ordered South Carolina not to issue a vehicle number plate with a Christian image and slogan .
The state legislature had approved a licence plate with a cross in front of a stained glass window and the words " I Believe " written along the top .
District Judge Cameron Currie said that the plate violated the First Amendment , which enshrines the separation of church and state .
A similar bid by a group in Florida last year did not pass state lawmakers .
' Unconstitutional '
The case was brought by Americans United , which backs the separation of church and state , on behalf of several individuals and Hindu and American - Arab groups .
It began after Lt Governor Andre Bauer helped pass legislation allowing the number plate in early 2008 .
Describing it as a " freedom of speech issue " , he argued that given the state already permitted 103 speciality vehicle plates it was " ridiculous " that there was not one for Christians .
According to local media reports , several hundred people had registered to buy the plate .
But Judge Currie ruled that the law amounted to state endorsement of a particular religion .
And she hit out at Mr Bauer , saying : " Whether motivated by sincerely - held Christian beliefs or an effort to purchase political capital with religious coin , the result is the same .
" The statute is clearly unconstitutional and defence of its implementation has embroiled the state in unnecessary ( and expensive ) litigation . "
Our Martindale - Hubbell® AV ® Rated firm is led by David B. Rothman .
Attorney Rothman is a Board Certified Criminal Trial Lawyer by The Florida Bar Board of Legal Specialization and Education and a Board Certified Criminal Trial Advocacy Specialist by the National Board of Trial Advocacy .
What does this mean ?
It means that , as our client , you can rest assured in knowing that your case is in the hands of a true legal expert .
Under his direction , we have the resources and extensive legal insight to tackle even the most complex of criminal cases .
Posted by John , December 26th , 2009 - under Imperialism , Israel , Palestine , US imperialism , Zionism .
Tags : Gaza , Gaza blockade , Hamas
Israeli policy has two main drivers – to keep the country Jewish and to incorporate the West Bank and Gaza into the zionist state .
The two are related and seemingly contradictory .
However Zionism thinks it can square the circle by driving the Palestinians from Palestine .
The establishment of the State of Israel was the first step in this slow genocide .
The Israelis drove up to 750,000 Palestinians from their homes .
The incorporation of Israel into the American imperialist project was the second step , a step both sides welcomed .
The economic , military and political support the US gives to its armed wing in the Middle East props up what would otherwise be an unviable regime – much as the support of the West allowed apartheid to survive for over 50 years .
The history of Israel since its establishment has been one of territorial expansion and dispossession of the Palestinians .
Today this ‘ logic ’ finds expression in the settlements and wall in the West Bank and the blockade of Gaza .
A year ago it found expression in the invasion of Gaza supposedly to stop rockets from the territory .
In fact this pretext hid the real reason – to show the Palestinians all is lost and they are a defeated people with no right to live in Palestine .
In this case the Israelis were punishing the Palestinians for electing a Hamas Government , one that is not a quisling force like the Palestinian Authority .
The message is clear – there is no future in resistance .
Accept your fate .
Leave .
The war crimes the Israelis committed during Operation Cast Lead against the people of Gaza are the logical expression of this drive for a Jewish state in the whole of Palestine , a state without Palestinians .
Even a so - called two state solution – itself an impossibility – is but a step towards , or cover for , this goal .
The blockade of Gaza is one of the long term vehicles for Israeli genocide .
It is destroying the people of Gaza and turning them into total supplicants of a weakened UN aid program .
It has totally destroyed their economy and means they cannot rebuild after the destruction the invasion wreaked .
Gaza is Israel ’s Warsaw ghetto .
As the former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson said about Gaza :
[ T ] heir whole civilisation has been destroyed , I ’m not exaggerating … It ’s almost unbelievable that the world does n’t care while this is happening .
Well , actually it is not so surprising since the ‘ developed ’ world supports Israel and its genocide for its own imperial purposes .
For the US Israel is its attack dog which helps it control the region and in particular the flow of oil to other countries , especially China , as it becomes an economic rival .
Only a democratic and secular Palestine can stop the Israeli genocide .
But the Palestinians cannot win on their own .
They do not have the economic or military power to smash America ’s policeman in the region .
The Arab masses do .
If they were to overthrow Mubarak , America ’s dictator , the Egyptian working class and peasantry would transform the region and create the opportunity to sweep away the genocidal regime that is Israel and create a rainbow nation for all who want to live in a democratic and secular Palestine .
My apologies .
It seems the first post somehow became corrupted a short time after it was published leaving only 80 words or so of misspelt thought bubbles .
Feeling a sense of remorse , contrition , guilt , shame , and self - loathing over all that unauthorized peer - to - peer downloading you 've been doing ?
Salve that stinging conscience by giving some cash back to artists !
That 's the pitch behind Piracy Payback , a website that collects donations from downloaders and distributes them to rightsholder organizations in Europe and North America ( where much of the content originates ) .
I spoke to Drew K , the Australian proprietor of the site , who says that his inspiration for the venture came when he could n't find a particular TV series available anywhere except in the darker corners of the Internet .
In a moment of weakness , he downloaded , but he wanted some way to give back to the creators .
Enter Piracy Payback , which launched in January 2009 .
The concept is simple : visitors can donate cash ( $ 5 minimum ) through Paypal , which is then distributed on a quarterly basis to " beneficiaries . "
Who are these beneficiaries ?
They are organizations that control musical copyrights or represent artists and songwriters , but the ones that work with Piracy Payback do n't actually want their names revealed , for fear of legitimizing illicit P2P use in the public mind .
( We saw something similar with the AllofMP3 site , which always claimed it was collecting some money for artists but that copyright owners were never willing to take it . )
Interest from the public " has n't been especially high , " Drew admits .
While 12 percent of all donations are held back to cover site costs , the project is not yet self - sufficient .
There 's no mechanism for giving back to individual artists ; those who want to do that can just go buy a CD / DVD / T - shirt themselves .
And donating to the site does n't exempt a person from " piracy - related litigation , " as the FAQ makes clear .
" The Piracy Payback.org service is designed to assist grassroots stakeholders detrimentally affected by digital piracy , " it says .
" It does not act as direct restitution to any immediately aggrieved party . "
When it comes to pirates , Drew has his own taxonomy :
Non-pirates ( do n't do it )
Innocents ( do it , but do n't know it 's wrong ; small group )
Pragmatists ( do it sometimes , but only to access material they can't otherwise , to avoid DRM , etc . )
Seekers ( seek out material to add to their collection ; the largest segment )
Blackbeards ( do it with a peg leg on ; " they are looking to not only access pirated material but also distribute it For them , piracy is a badge of honor .
While possibly paying lip - service to the ' evil media empire , ' they are unlikely to settle for any business model that is not free . " )
Piracy Payback targets the pragmatists and the seekers while arguing that Blackbeards are parasites who should be the real target of content industry legal campaigns .
Everyone else should be coaxed toward the light through a combination of better business practices and more innovative ways of " competing with free . "
Via the Rockefeller Institute of Government , an independent research firm focusing on state and local governments , we get some nasty data and fugly charts .
The overview paints a picture of state and local governments in economic distress :
• State tax collections for the second quarter of 2009 showed a record drop of 16.6 % , the second consecutive quarter in which revenues fell more sharply than during any previous time on record .
•
Forty - nine states saw total tax revenue fall during the quarter ,
with 36 states reporting double - digit declines .
Both those numbers were up from the first quarter of this year .
•
For the year ending in June 2009 , the period corresponding to most states ’ fiscal years , total state tax collections declined by $ 63 billion or 8.2 % from the previous year .
That loss is also a record , and is roughly twice the amount states gained during the year in fiscal relief from the federal stimulus package .
• Preliminary figures for July and August for 36 early - reporting states show continued deterioration , with overall tax collections dropping 8 % .
Early indications of September income tax payments provide further evidence of more troubling news for states during the third quarter of 2009 .
• Local tax revenue declined by 2.8 % in nominal terms and 4.2 % in real terms , marking the first such decline since 2003 .
This data is to be expected in a deep and protracted recession .
Job loss and retail sales slowdown directly reduces tax revenue .
That is the nasty ; Now , for the fugly :
Both Income Tax and Sales Tax Declined Sharply
State Taxes Are Faring Worse Than Local Taxes
>
Source :
State Tax Revenues Show Record Drop , For Second Consecutive Quarter
Lucy Dadayan and Donald J. Boyd
The Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government
http://www.rockinst.org/pdf/government_finance/state_revenue_report/2009-10-15-SRR_77.pdf
WASHINGTON — Reflecting on the growing divide between Wall Street and Main Street , Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) on Wednesday offered a powerful critique on the state of the economy in an open committee hearing .
“ The class warfare is over — we lost , ” Kucinich said before the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
“ I want to make that announcement today .
Working people lost .
The middle class lost . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The harrowing comments from Kucinich , who is Chairman of the Domestic Policy Subcommittee , come amidst a national unemployment rate of 10 percent , one year and several months after the economic collapse of 2008 has marred the livelihoods of many .
“ Do n’t tell me about class warfare , ” he continued .
“ Come to my neighborhoods in Cleveland .
I will show you class warfare .
I ’ll show you hollowed out areas .
I ’ll show you businesses that went down because they do n’t have access to capital .
And on Wall Street it is fat city .
Do n’t tell me about class warfare . ”
Kucinich , a former presidential candidate who is viewed across the nation as a progressive champion on many issues , said that despite the recent uptick in economic figures , many regular Americans continue to struggle .
“ All across this country people are starved for capital , ” Kucinich said .
“ Small businesses are failing , you have shopping centers that are becoming vacant because people can’t afford the rents anymore because the people who own the malls the developers are getting cash calls and credit is tightening . ”
“ The separation between the finance economy and the real economy is real .
This is not some fake idea .
You ca n’t call that class warfare .
That ’s a fact . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Kucinich , who voted against the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 ( also known as the Wall Street bailout ) , lamented it as a catalyzing force for the rising inequality of income in the United States .
“ The wealth of this nation is being accelerated upward , ” Kucinich said .
“ That ’s one of the problems that I had with the bailout . ”
“ You could say that it helped stabilize the American economy , but what I see is the separation between the real economy and Wall Street .
Wall Street is stabilizing , markets are a lot better , banks are doing well — they parked their money at the Fed for a while so they could get higher interest rates . ”
At the time , network executives fiercely resisted the change , fearing that they would never get credit for recorded shows because viewers would skip through all the commercials .
But the figures show otherwise .
“ It ’s completely counterintuitive , ” said Alan Wurtzel , the president of research for NBC .
“ But when the facts come in , there they are . ”
Almost across the board , the gains for playback are growing .
The best preseason estimate for the current season , said David F. Poltrack , the chief research officer for CBS , was about a 1 percent increase from playback over the live program for the networks combined .
Instead , many are in the range of 7 to 12 percent , with some shows having increases of more than 20 percent when DVR ratings are added .
The four networks together are averaging a 10 percent increase .
“ It ’s the magnitude that ’s really surprising us , ” Mr. Poltrack said .
In the 18 - to - 49 group of viewers  the one prized by networks because most ad sales are directed there 
Fox has the biggest percentage increase , from an average rating of 2.39 ( which translates into about 2.5 million viewers ) for its live programs to a 2.71 rating ( about 3.1 million viewers ) when the three - day DVR playback results are added in .
Image DVR results added 26 percent to live ratings for “ The Office . ” Credit ...
Trae Patton / NBC
The numbers for ABC were a 2.5 rating live ( 2.87 million viewers ) to a 2.81 ( 3.27 million ) after three days .
CBS had a 2.62 live ( just over three million ) and a 2.79 ( 3.2 million ) after three days .
NBC had 1.79 live ( 2.05 million ) and 1.91 ( 2.19 million ) after three days .
Individual shows have gained substantially .
“ House , ” second among all shows in its live program rating ( to “ Grey ’s Anatomy ” on ABC ) , became the top show in terms of commercials viewed within three days with a 5.68 rating ( about 6.53 million ) , gaining almost 18 percent .
NBC ’s comedy “ The Office ” had one of the single biggest gains  26 percent from its live program rating  to 3.92 ( 4.5 million ) for its rating including playbacks .
A Turkish grad student has devised a serious , real - world attack on Twitter that targeted a recently discovered vulnerability in the secure sockets layer protocol .
The exploit by Anil Kurmus is significant because it successfully targeted the so - called SSL renegotiation bug to steal Twitter login credentials that passed through encrypted data streams .
When the flaw surfaced last week , many researchers dismissed it as an esoteric curiosity with little practical effect .
For one thing , the critics said , the protocol bug was hard to exploit .
And for another , they said , even when it could be targeted , it achieved extremely limited results .
The skepticism was understandable :
While attackers could inject a small amount of text at the beginning of an authenticated SSL session , they were unable to read encrypted data that flowed between the two parties .
Despite those limitations , Kurmus was able to exploit the bug to steal Twitter usernames and passwords as they passed between client applications and Twitter 's servers , even though they were encrypted .
He did it by injecting text that instructed Twitter 's application protocol interface to dump the contents of the web request into a Twitter message after they had been decrypted .
" My point is I think that it 's not so hard to make it work , " said Kurmus , who lives in Zurich and recently completed his masters thesis at the Eurecom Institute .
" Maybe some other people did the same thing and did not make it public , so this is why I think it 's important that people would take this bug more seriously . "
Twitter proved an ideal platform to carry out the attack for several reasons .
First , every request sent over the microblogging site includes the account holder 's username and password .
Second , the site 's API made it easy to post the contents of the intercepted data stream into a message that an attacker could then retrieve .
Finally , many Twitter users send and receive messages using third - party applications .
Many of those programs ignore error pages like those that would have resulted from Kurmus 's attack , preventing victims from knowing anything was amiss .
Twitter 's security team closed the hole earlier this week .
The flaw in the transport layer security protocol was discovered by a researcher from PhoneFactor , a provider of two - factor authentication services .
It allows man - in - the - middle attackers to insert text at the beginning of an SSL stream each time a session is negotiated .
The vulnerability stems from the ability for either party in an SSL transaction to renegotiate the session , usually so one can refresh its cryptographic keys .
Members of an industry - wide consortium had been meeting in secret since late September to hash out a fix that will be rolled into thousands of individual pieces of hardware and software that implement the TLS protocol .
The bug became public when it was disclosed by a researcher not involved in the project .
So far , OpenSSL is the only provider that is close to releasing a patch , according to this status page .
In the interim , websites that want to protect themselves can simply follow Twitter 's example and disable renegotiation .
To be sure , Kurmus 's attack only worked because Twitter 's API allowed him to post the captured data steam to a tweet that he was then able to retrieve .
But it 's not a stretch that variations on that attack that steal authentication cookies would work on webmail services and other websites that transmit messages , researchers said .
" It 's likely that other websites would still be vulnerable , " said Ivan Ristic , a London - based security expert who specializes in SSL .
" Any site that allows people to publish messages or posts or send email or any sort of information can potentially be abused in this way . " ®
This story was updated to correct Kurmus 's nationality .
How to Recover Corrupted Exchange Server Data
Every Administrators of Microsoft Exchange Server faces instances of corruption numerous times .
That movement they come by such a situation , they instigate chalking out methods for repairing , recovering and converting Exchange Server database into PST Outlook file .
In fact , this is very common problem where administrator comes across logical errors often known as a- user mailbox damage .
Once , common reason for Exchange Server database failure is corruption in .edb files .
EDB files are the Microsoft Exchange Server data storehouse for restoring the all data in a structured manner .
EDB files are the two types : - Priv1.edb file ( that contains private data ) and Pub1.edb ( that contains public folder ) .
The Mormon church poured money and effort into the campaign to pass Proposition 8 in California , the initiative that outlawed gay marriage there .
Director Reed Cowan ’s documentary about the effort was accepted into the Sundance film festival and will make its debut in Park City next month .
The film features interviews with Mormon leaders and delves into the Mormon anti-gay marriage movement as it was taking shape in the 1990s .
Understandably not included in the film , is the major role in helping to defeat Prop 8 played by Colorado Springs - based evangelical organization Focus on the Family .
In addition to anti-gay Mormons , the documentary , “ 8 : The Mormon Proposition , ” features Fred Karger , head of the pro-gay rights group Californians Against Hate .
Since Prop 8 passed , Karger has been tracking NOM , the National Organization for Marriage , the nation ’s main anti-gay marriage organization , which he argues is a front group for the Mormon church and improperly funneling resources into anti-gay marriage campaigns in states across the country .
NOM has celebrated victories against gay marriage this year in Maine and New York .
The organization is under ethics investigations in California and Maine .
Karger this week announced that for the Sundance festival premiere , Californians Against Hate is organizing “ a ground presence in Park City and Salt Lake City the likes of which has never been seen before . ”
In September , Karger was subpoenaed in a lawsuit filed by NOM that seeks to protect the organization from revealing its donor list as required by law .
Karger sees the subpoena as tactic meant to silence him with the threat of enormous legal bills .
He explains at the Californians Against Hate website :
It ’s been three months since I was subpoenaed by the National Organization for Marriage and Protect Marriage , the official Yes on 8 campaign committee that raised $ 40 million last year .
They served me with a subpoena on Labor Day weekend as part of their federal law suit to end disclosure of all campaign contributions in California .
In one fell swoop , these rabid opponents of LGBT civil rights want to forever hide the identity of all their donors , and stop me from my pursuit of truth and transparency .
They want to continue to raise millions and millions of dollars to ban same - sex marriage while keeping their donors ’ names secret .
They want to silence me by dragging me through our costly legal system .
They are clearly doing this to harass me and hurt me .
They do n’t like the fact that two states , California and Maine , are investigating the National Organization for Marriage due to the complaints that I filed .
Director Cowan and film producer Steven Greenstreet posted video statements at the film website upon news of the Sundance acceptance .
Greenstreet :
The extent of the Mormon role as a main player in passing Prop 8 has long been suspected .
In February , however , the Colorado Independent broke the news that Colorado Springs - based Focus on the Family gave $ 727,250 in cash and services to the anti-gay marriage Proposition 8 campaign in California .
Ernest Luning reported that those previously unreported sums included a $ 100,000 check that came just days before the organization announced it planned to lay off nearly 20 percent of its employees .
“ While there has been public scrutiny of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints for its attempts to influence the campaign to reverse a California Supreme Court ruling allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry , Focus on the Family and related donors pumped more than six times as much as the Mormon church did into the ProtectMarriage.com campaign , records show , ” wrote Luning .
The Proposition 8 campaign was the most expensive social - issue ballot question in national history at just over $ 83 million , with proponents of the marriage ban raising $ 40 million and opponents raising $ 43 million , California election records show .
Voters approved the measure with 52 percent of the vote , but both sides are arguing the constitutionality of the measure in state court .
“ Homelessness has been an issue , but has not shown up as visibly as it is now ” in suburbia , said Lawrence Levy , executive director of the National Center for Suburban Studies at Hofstra University , on Long Island .
“ The average person did n’t know someone who was homeless and rarely saw someone who was homeless as long as they stayed out of those pockets of poverty that have been there for a while .
But they ’re seeing it more and more now , in train stations or other public places , and it ’s people that they know . ”
Homelessness is rising in the suburbs because of an influx of poorer residents living in uncertain situations , high concentrations of homeowners battered by the foreclosure crisis , and economies that are largely dependent on small businesses that are reeling from the lack of available credit .
In addition , cities , which have been more aggressively focused on ending chronic homelessness than the suburbs , may have more services to prevent it .
“ In Connecticut cities , we ’ve done a decent job of creating permanent supportive housing and creating long - term opportunities , particularly for those people with ongoing and significant barriers to housing , ” said Carol Walter , executive director of the Connecticut Coalition to End Homelessness .
“ So the urban areas might be a little bit ahead in making a dent in the homeless population . ”
Part of the problem , experts say , is that unemployed homeowners are losing their properties as they exhaust severance pay and other benefits and still cannot find work .
And among renters , many of the newly homeless have been evicted either because their buildings have gone into foreclosure or because landlords suddenly need to house members of their own families .
Image A dormitory for women at the Bergen County shelter .
Credit ... Katie Orlinsky for The New York Times
“ We were dealing for so long with the subprime - mortgage and predatory - lending crisis , but now what we ’re seeing is a greater percentage of those losing their jobs ” among the newly homeless , said Connie Lassandro , director of housing and homeless services in Nassau County .
“ We thought we were getting things under control , but the job losses are now creating a second wave of foreclosures .
You ca n’t save a home if there ’s no income . ”
The former Australian of the Year , environmentalist Tim Flannery , is worried what effects a growing population will have on the environment .
South - east Queensland is a region where population pressures are at their greatest , with 2,000 people moving into the area each week .
Some are from interstate , others from overseas .
Queensland 's population is set to double within 50 years .
Professor Flannery says no - one has any real idea of the environmental effects of population growth and it is time for an independent inquiry to look at the issue .
" I 'm pretty aware that we live in a fragile country with limited water availability , with a significant biodiversity crisis , a limited capacity to feed ourselves because our agriculture is under increasing stress from climate change , " he said .
" And what I see is a government - set program for immigration , which really seeks to increase our population very quickly but without any proper analysis of the environmental impacts or indeed the social impacts of that program . "
Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner has weighed into the population debate , saying it is laughable to argue Australia has too many people at this early stage .
He says Bangladesh is roughly twice the size of Tasmania but has seven times the population of Australia .
Professor Flannery says that is a meaningless comparison .
" Antarctica is bigger than Australia and it has n't got any people at all , size is n't everything , " he said .
" Lindsay Tanner may well be right but we need the figures .
We need the analysis to understand what we can do in terms of a sustainable population living at this standard of living .
" It 's all very well to wave your hands in the air and say everything 's going to be okay , but show me the data , that 's what we actually need .
" At the moment ... all of our population - related policies , such as immigration and rebates for children , all that sort of stuff are just happening in a vacuum and that 's not good enough . "
' Growth manageable '
Premier Anna Bligh says Queensland can handle the projected population growth .
" I think this growth is manageable but it does have to be managed , we can't let it happen unchecked and we can't let it happen without a plan , " she said .
" What 's interesting living in a federation and governing at a state level is that some of the levers on population are often beyond your control but the consequences all fall into your basket .
" Some of the levers , such as immigration policy , things like the baby bonus , have consequences and state governments end up having to manage some of those consequences .
" It does require serious and careful thinking and serious and careful planning and some very serious infrastructure that does I think need partnership from all levels of government . "
Ms Bligh says she agrees with the current immigration levels but says there is scope for better planning between state and federal governments about where the new Australian population should be concentrated .
And she says more debate is needed on the issue of sustainability , environment and resources .
" Over the last five years , as we 've put together our south - east Queensland plan which is a statutory plan to manage growth , there has been a wide consensus about the need to restrict growth and not let it go in to big urban sprawls , " she said .
" But as the rubber hits the road on making decisions about higher density in people 's neighbourhoods , the community I think is becoming less settled about that .
" They 're very alarmed by the prospect that they 'll see a lot of high rises and concerned about the character of their neighbourhoods and their communities changing and changing too rapidly . "
Professor Flannery concedes population growth is needed to grow the economy but he says it 's vital to get the balance right .
" The economy will always need more people , business will always need more customers , government will always need more taxpayers , " he said .
" That 's not a valid argument for eternal growth .
We all know there are limits to growth and we need to work out how to grow our population , if that 's what 's required , at the appropriate level over the appropriate time scale .
" To do that you 've just got to really look at proper triple - bottom - line accounting and the Government 's always getting onto businesses about doing triple - bottom - line accounting , well it 's time the Government did it itself .
" Our environment , social and economic outcomes all have to be fed into these very important policies that will change our country in the long term , change it forever .
You can't really wind back population once you 've built it in . "
Fairfield County & New Haven County , Connecticut Attorney – Volman Law
Fairfield County , Connecticut Attorney David Volman is your family attorney for all your legal needs in Connecticut .
Divorce Lawyer , property division , alimony , visitation , child custody and child support , post dissolution , contempt , modifications , non-marriage child custody , support , and visitation .
Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy and debt reorganization
Avoiding or delaying home foreclosure ; foreclosure mediation ; save your home ; mortgage modifications ; stripping a second mortgage
Criminal defense for juveniles facing charges in juvenile court for assault , drug possession , and school offenses
Criminal defense for adults facing misdemeanor or minor felony charges for drunk driving / DUI , traffic offenses , drug charges , domestic violence
Personal injury lawsuits to recover financial damages for injuries you received in an accident caused by the reckless or negligent actions of another
Wrongful death lawsuits to recover damages for the death of a loved one that was caused by the negligence of another party
Sale , purchase , and refinance of residential and commercial real estate , investment property , and landlord - tenant disputes
Wills , trusts for minor children and estate planning for clients at all levels of wealth
If you have a legal matter that you need assistance with , contact our experienced Fairfield County , Connecticut Attorney .
We can help you and your family !
Taco.com is so named because our company is T echnical A dvisors CO mpany .
We do not sell tacos .
We do not make tacos .
in fact some of us do not even like them very much .
For those of you who insist on confusing us with Taco Bell , we provide the following links : Taco Bell
TheBorder.com Amusingly enough , the deceptively named U.S. Commerce Association told us that we 've won an award .
Clearly they did zero research beforehand .
Not only do n't we sell food , but Taco Bell is n't a steak or barbecue restaurant .
We 'll post the award here , but we 'll pass on the 8 " crystal award ( pictured above ) due to the $ 179 ( plus $ 19.99 shipping and handling ) price tag .
What a scam !
It must drive you mad being a climatologist .
You spend your life measuring carbon emissions , and monitoring glaciers and studying lumps of moss from Siberia , and then you hear someone on a radio phone - in yelling , " How can they say the world 's getting hotter ?
I mean at night , it 's colder than what it was in the day , so it 's got colder , not hotter .
They must think we 're mugs . "
Then a series of articles will appear in which it 's claimed : " A new study by Professor Zbygnewsk of Cracow proves sea levels have gone back down so everything 's fine " , before it turns out he 's a Professor of Latin dancing , and has a history of solvent abuse .
Or there 'll be letters in the Daily Telegraph that go " Dear Sir : May I recall the carefree days when one would enjoy the sport of sailing to Greenland to melt icebergs with a blowtorch .
Alas , these days I fear this too would be frowned upon by the climate change fascists .
One dreads to think what these paragons of political correctness will try to ban next . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Or , rather than waste time fooling about with analysis , the scientists could read the front page of yesterday 's Daily Express , that declared " 100 reasons why global warming is natural .
No proof that human activity is to blame . "
And there inside were the reasons , as outlined by Jim McConalogue of the " European Foundation " .
Number one was , " There is no scientific proof . "
So the retort to all the studies from the International Panel on Climate Change , Nasa , the Royal Society , all 928 papers on the matter in the journal Science and every major scientific institution , is : " Yeah but there 's no proof . "
You 'd expect number two to be : " Because it 's all , like , made up and stuff . "
Then number three would be , " Dur , whatever " , and number four , " I 've already TOLD you in number ONE . "
Instead there 's number 30 : " Global warming is the argument of flat - earthers . "
How is that relevant , I wonder .
Maybe number 42 was : " My brother - in - law says it 's getting warmer and you do n't want to trust him . "
I gave up at around 40 so maybe the rest was genius , but more likely it went on : " 58 .
It 's claimed global warming is making some species die out , but there 's still loads of rabbits . "
The issue that 's boosted the disbelievers is the discovery of messages , sent to scientists , encouraging them to tweak their statistics in favour of proving climate change .
Which was unhelpful and crazy , but does n't disprove the sackfuls of evidence that climate change is carbon - related , any more than it would disprove the existence of gravity if it was discovered Isaac Newton had shouted : " We want to prove this theory beyond all doubt so chuck the apple as hard as you can . "
But also , the people who insist this incident proves all the evidence is unreliable , are similar to creationists who pick up on flaws in the detail of Darwin 's theories , without necessarily applying equal rigour to their theory , that light was created before the Sun , and Eve did n't notice she was naked until she was persuaded to eat an apple by a talking snake .
Because many prominent climate change sceptics seem by coincidence to be in the pay of the energy industry .
So the Heartlands Institute received $ 676,000 from Exxon Oil , to discredit the idea of climate change .
Patrick Michaels , often presented as an expert who disputes the link between carbon emissions and climate change , has received over $ 100,000 from energy companies to put their case .
So when they inform us they 've discovered there 's no proof of climate change , and the planet 's just going through its natural cycle , it 's as meaningless as if a spokesman for Fairy Liquid was introduced by Patrick Moore on The Sky at Night , and said : " The orbit of Neptune seems to confirm that a bottle of Fairy Liquid washes up to 40 per cent more dishes than any other brand . "
They 're not all paid by Exxon .
The genius with his 100 top global - warming denying tips seems to be doing it for free .
But he is a member of Conservative Right , and that 's the clue for the other motive of these people .
For them , climate change threatens the free market .
How can oil companies make their maximum profits if they have to worry about making the planet fizz into oblivion ?
It ca n't be true because it must n't be true .
So no matter how much evidence there is they 'll carry on disputing it .
Sussex will be desert and Guernsey will disappear , and they 'll tell us : " If sea levels are rising the obvious answer is to build roads over them .
After all , it 's not the roads that are rising is it ? "
A senior Taliban minister has offered a last - minute deal to hand over Osama bin Laden during a secret visit to Islamabad , senior sources in Pakistan told the Guardian last night .
For the first time , the Taliban offered to hand over Bin Laden for trial in a country other than the US without asking to see evidence first in return for a halt to the bombing , a source close to Pakistan 's military leadership said .
But US officials appear to have dismissed the proposal and are instead hoping to engineer a split within the Taliban leadership .
The offer was brought by Mullah Wakil Ahmed Muttawakil , the Taliban foreign minister and a man who is often regarded as a more moderate figure in the regime .
He met officials from the CIA and Pakistan 's ISI intelligence directorate in Islamabad on Monday .
US officials pressed the minister for a sweeping change in the regime .
" They are trying to persuade him to get the moderate elements together , " another source said .
Mr Muttawakil 's visit coincided with the arrival in Islamabad of Colin Powell , the US secretary of state .
After several hours of talks with Pakistan 's military ruler General Pervez Musharraf yesterday , Mr Powell admitted that moderate Taliban would play a role in talks on a future Afghan government .
" We would have to listen to them or at least take them into account , " he said .
Mr Powell also met envoys sent by Zahir Shah , the former Afghan king who lives in exile in Rome , and a representative of the opposition Northern Alliance , sources said .
The Taliban foreign minister had asked for face - to - face talks with the US secretary of state but no direct meeting was held .
Mr Muttawakil returned to Kabul last night and the Taliban have publicly denied he was ever in Islamabad .
His visit came as Taliban forces in Afghanistan came under renewed pressure from the bombing campaign and opposition advances .
Troops from the Northern Alliance were yesterday closing in on the key northern town of Mazar - i- Sharif .
More alliance soldiers were locked in heavy fighting with the Taliban in the west hoping to cut a key supply line to the town .
Some reports suggested the Taliban foreign minister had in fact defected in the face of mounting pressure and was now in the Gulf .
But sources in Pakistan confirmed he had returned to Kabul and said there was still no clear rift in the ultra-Islamic regime .
Instead , the offer appears to indicate that Pakistan is applying pressure on moderate Taliban elements to negotiate their way out of the crisis .
Pakistan has made clear that it wants the bombing campaign to be brief and that it does not want the Northern Alliance , backed by its arch - enemy India , to sweep to power in Kabul .
Gen Musharraf said publicly yesterday that he wanted to see " moderate Taliban " in the next Afghan government .
Pakistan was intricately linked to the emergence of the Taliban as a military force and has closely backed the movement financially and diplomatically .
Pakistan is now the only country to maintain diplomatic links with the ostracised regime .
The Taliban have offered to hand over Bin Laden before but only if sufficient evidence was presented .
Bin Laden is wanted both for the September 11 attacks and for masterminding the bombings of two US embassies in East Africa in 1998 in which 224 people were killed .
He is also suspected of involvement in other terrorist attacks , including the suicide bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen last year .
But until now the Taliban regime has consistently said it has not seen any convincing evidence to implicate the Saudi dissident in any crime .
" Now they have agreed to hand him over to a third country without the evidence being presented in advance , " the source close to the military said .
However , it is unclear whether the Taliban would have the ability to seize Bin Laden and hand him over .
The US administration has not publicly supported the idea of a trial for Bin Laden outside America and appears intent on removing from power the Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar and the hardliners in the regime .
Some in Pakistan have suggested Saudi Arabia as a loca tion for any trial for Bin Laden .
" The Pakistan army would be supportive of anything with a Saudi link , " said the source .
The Saudi royal family has long seen Bin Laden as a threat because he has accused the government of corruption and mismanagement and continually demanded the withdrawal of US troops from Saudi soil .
Mr Muttawakil 's clandestine visit to Pakistan was planned several days in advance .
The Taliban ambassador in Islam abad , Mullah Abdul Salam Zaeef , left the embassy on Friday and travelled to Kandahar , home of the Taliban headquarters in southern Afghanistan , for talks with Mullah Omar to prepare for the visit .
It is not clear how the Taliban foreign minister travelled from Kabul to Pakistan without approval from the US .
One report in the US yesterday suggested that Pakistani intelligence flew him out of the country in a small aircraft .
The ban was all the more scandalous , Morand said , given that Switzerland encourages Arabs to " visit the country and to spend their money here . "
Morand , who owns a chain of shoe stores , told the AFP news agency that the ban is shameful , and blamed liberal parties for failing to counter what he described as right - wing scare tactics .
The Swiss People 's Party , which spearheaded the initiative to ban minarets on mosques , released an aggressive campaign including posters of women in face - covering burkas and minarets shaped like rockets .
But that did n't stop Swiss businessman Guillaume Morand , who protested last month 's constitutional amendment banning minarets by building one atop the chimney of his office in the city of Lausanne .
In a country where failing to use official , region - specific trash bags can incur a hefty fine , defying a architectural ban on minarets is practically an act of terrorism .
Morand joins prominent Jewish leaders and the Vatican in condemning the referendum last month , when 53 % of Swiss voters went to the polls to decide whether to outlaw the construction of any more minarets , although only four mosques in Switzerland have them .
The amendment passed with 57 % of the votes .
The Independent of London reported Monday that a group of prominent Swiss intellectuals is already preparing an initiative to overturn the ban , although many have speculated the new amendment will be struck down anyway by the European Court of Human Rights .
The Vatican backed a statement by the Swiss Bishops ' Conference calling the decision " a great challenge on the path of integration in dialogue and mutual respect . "
Moreover , the statement said , the vote " will not help the Christians oppressed and persecuted in Islamic countries , but will weaken the credibility of their commitment in these countries . "
The Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported that European Jews have also come out strongly against the ban , pointing out that in the past , bans and regulations were imposed on synagogues as well .
" Precisely because the Jewish community has firsthand experience of discrimination , it is committed to active opposition to discrimination and to action in favor of religious freedom and peaceful relations between the religions , " two Swiss Jewish groups declared in a statement .
Swiss Jewry , the statement said , " takes seriously the fears of the population that extremist ideas could be disseminated in Switzerland .
But banning minarets is no solution -- it only creates in Muslims in Switzerland a sense of alienation and discrimination . "
The American Anti-Defamation League also released a statement condemning the ban as a " populist political campaign of religious intolerance . "
" This is not the first time a Swiss popular vote has been used to promote religious intolerance , " the statement read .
" A century ago , a Swiss referendum banned Jewish ritual slaughter in an attempt to drive out its Jewish population , " it said .
" We share the ... concern that those who initiated the anti-minaret campaign could try to further erode religious freedom through similar means . "
The executive director of the American Jewish Committee said the group stands " firmly against these rabble - rousing politics in the name of pluralism and democracy . ”
-- Meris Lutz in Beirut
Photo : Swiss businessman Guillaume Morand erected a minaret atop the chimney of his office building to protest the government 's ban .
Credit : AFP
Nearly 62 years after researchers at Bell Labs demonstrated the first functional transistor , scientists say they have made another major breakthrough .
Researchers showed the first functional transistor made from a single molecule .
The transistor , which has a benzene molecule attached to gold contacts , could behave just like a silicon transistor .
The molecule 's different energy states can be manipulated by varying the voltage applied to it through the contacts .
And by manipulating the energy states , researchers were able to control the current passing through it .
The transistor , or semiconductor device that can amplify or switch electrical signals , was first developed to replace vacuum tubes .
On Dec. 23 , 1947 , John Bardeen and Walter Brattain ( who 'd built on research by colleague William Shockley ) showed a working transistor that was the culmination of more than a decade 's worth of effort .
Vacuum tubes were bulky and unreliable , and they consumed too much power .
Silicon transistors addressed those problems and ushered in an era of compact , portable electronics .
Now molecular transistors could escalate the next step of developing nanomachines that would take just a few atoms to perform complex calculations , enabling massive parallel computers to be built .
The team , which includes researchers from Yale University and the Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology in South Korea , published their findings in the Dec. 24 issue of the journal Nature .
For about two decades – since Mark Reed , a professor of engineering and applied science at Yale , showed that individual molecules could be trapped between electrical contacts – researchers have been trying to create a functional molecular transistor .
Some of the challenges they have faced include being able to fabricate the electrical contacts on such small scales , identifying the molecules to use , and figuring out where to place them and how to connect them to the contacts .
" There were a lot of technological advances and understanding we built up over many years to make this happen , " says Reed .
Despite the significance of the latest breakthrough , practical applications such as smaller and faster molecular computers could be decades away , says Reed .
" We 're not about to create the next generation of integrated circuits , " he says .
" But after many years of work gearing up to this , we have fulfilled a decade - long quest and shown that molecules can act as transistors . "
Photo :
A benzene molecule can be manipulated to act as a traditional transistor
Courtesy : Hyunwook Song and Takhee Lee
See Also :
Captain Australia ’s Journal , Entry #91
Tomorrow night ( Tuesday 3 May @ 8:30 pm ) , I ’ll appear on the ABC program “ Good Game ” , talking about games , online culture , cyber bullying and morality in computer games .
I hope that I say something meaningful – and if not , I hope it ’s at least worth a giggle , and attracts some people to come and learn about my Quest .
If you have not visited before , I am Captain Australia , and I belie ve that society is slowly darkening from the inside out like a rotten piece of fruit .
Superficially , everything might look okay , but you do n’t have to poke too hard to find the undercurrent of decay beneath the surface .
I think of this social decline as a kind of cancer , but I think that it ’s reversible , if we can turn away from apathy and selfishness and find a cure for this underlying rage , fear and isolation that seems a common symptom among people I meet on the street .
This reversal relies on us to come together , and take personal accountability for making the world a better place .
My own personal method is to :
Do Good Deeds , find people who need my help and be there for them , doing my best to help with problems that they are unable to solve themselves
Fight Evil , although evil wears many masks , I must persevere to find the faces of evil and face them down .
When I see evil , I must intervene and never turn a blind eye .
( Note that evil and crime can be the same thing , but not always )
Inspire Others , which is why I seek exposure to the public , in the hopes that other people will see the sense in what I ’m doing and try to improve their own lives and the lives of people around them .
I believe that we all have influence , and the ripple effect of kindness is my greatest single hope for humanity .
I started my Quest about two years ago , and I ’ve been able to help a variety of people , some tangibly in direct physical ways , such as preventing assaults or helping with food or recover stolen items – some intangibly , with advice , friendship and a willingness to sit and listen to the homeless , the lost , the spiritually bereft .
I keep a secret identity , which I protect very strictly .
My secret identity life has been taking control just at the moment , causing me to take a leave - of - absence from my dual life as Captain Australia to deal with some major life events , but I hope to get back on the street and resume active patrols sometime in late May .
In the meantime , there has been an explosion of public interest , and it ’s come at an awkward time for me .
I ’ve had requests to appear on a range of TV programs ( see the “ A Current Affair ” interview below as an example ) , and I ’ve also had people apply to be my sidekick .
A CURRENT AFFAIR STORY
There is one candidate who seems persistent and mostly serious ( he is thinking of adopting the persona “ The Down Under Boy Wonder ” ) , but for the most part the people interested in pursuing this ‘ real life superhero ’ path have varying degrees of seriousness , time and resources – which has prompted some of us to think about forming the “ Justice League of Australia ” , an affiliation of Aussies who adopt a superhero persona and set out to make the world a better place .
In the meantime , I ’m focussed on my home life , the only thing I ’m giving to Captain Australia right now is about 2 hours of training in the mornings , to get my health and body right for when I get back on the street .
I have a supporter fashioning my new Shield , and another artisan who was going to put together a 2.0 uniform for me ( but he ’s gone strangely silent just lately , so I ’m concerned the project will not go forward ) .
Also , someone randomly sent my this image which they call “ Captain Australia at Work ” worth a giggle I guess .
In any case , if you ’ve visited after seeing some of the recent media activity , thank you & welcome , feel free to browse the archives , you might also be interested to look at my story prior to becoming Captain Australia .
It ’s a long read , five or six chapters , written up after a number of requests from the public .
Your friend
Captain Australia
In the beginning , there was a virgin birth .
Or perhaps there were many .
A hundred , or a thousand years before the man from Nazareth was born , another by the name of Zarathushtra came to be in Middle Persia , some say by “ an immaculate conception with a ray of divine reason . ”
Around the same time , somewhere in South Asia , all five Pandava brothers whose story is held within the pages of the Mahabharata were born of mothers who had only been touched by the loving hands of gods .
These sexless unions are the starting point for stories of myth and holy magic .
But I ’m not thinking of virgins or births as I sit down to dinner in an upscale hotel in Mumbai , India .
I ’m thinking of a Kingfisher beer accompanied by papadams .
A baby sleeps in a stroller at the adjacent table flanked by a married couple of indeterminate ethnic origins , speaking English with an accent that seems vaguely familiar but which I can’t place .
I look at them over my menu , trying to suss them out , playing the default game of the solo diner .
They debate fish vs. prawns , and dishes that come with rice versus those that — inexplicably — do n’t .
They order .
They change their order .
There is a coming and going of multiple staff people .
Knowing I should just keep to myself , but not knowing better , I interject and suggest the Goan fish curry that I had last night .
Delicious , rich with coconut milk , and rice comes with it .
By this time they already have ordered and say they ’ll take note for tomorrow night , but the walls between strangers have fallen , and we begin to converse , tossing out the test questions of identity to each other .
The couple , somewhere around my age , are Americans , from New Jersey , no less .
The first of my countrymen I have met on this trip , most apparently scared into staycations due to pesky things like swine flu , terrorism , and / or unemployment .
But here is this friendly couple , of Indian descent three generations back , now on their second trip to India in under a year .
The accent lingers from their birthplace on a Caribbean island , though they ’ve been in the States for many years .
They rave about the Taj Mahal and India ’s ice cream — the best .
I ask about the child , nodding to the stroller , and they tell me there are two .
Two !
In there ?
They ’re only ten days old , they tell me .
I am instantly confused , or maybe just daft , as I often am .
Did they come to India planning on having the births here ?
Why are they going to the American embassy tomorrow ?
And my , does n’t mom look great for a little over a week since giving birth to twins .
One word clears up all my confusions .
Surrogate .
I ’ve read about this before — the worst - case - scenarios in a recent Times story , and an earlier window into the world of this new version of Indian outsourcing — but I had never yet met someone ( at least that I knew of ) who had finally , defeated by her own body , turned to another woman to make a child .
The couple had tried on their own to provide a sibling for their now - teenage daughter , and they had sought the help of special clinics , and then they turned to a place endorsed by Oprah , in the land that their forefathers had come from .
Our own modern - day virgin birth : his sperm , her egg , an Indian woman who spoke no English .
Now , the birth mother is somewhere with an aching belly , full breasts , and enough money in her pocket to buy a very small apartment or a new car .
The couple before me have not one , but two babies who the wait staff lean over and say , “ Oh , this one looks like the father ” and “ That one , like the mother . ”
Midway through our sag paneers and vegetable tandoor platters and shrimp dishes that we have begun to share , one baby starts emitting small sounds and she picks him up , holds a bottle to his lips .
When I get up to go to the washroom , I move over to their table to peek at the two tiny precious creatures , one slowly opening his eyes .
As they said , one has dad ’s round face and the other mom ’s long face .
And when Round Face starts to fuss , I stroke his tiny capped head to calm him .
When I ask their names , she can only remember one , and the husband prompts her on the second .
It is all so new .
They are both so new .
She rocks the child and eventually tucks him back in the carriage where , at least for a short moment , he can fit comfortably nestled against his brother .
Not unlike the past nine months they spent inside a woman whom they will likely never meet again .
How do we even begin to ask questions about giving birth to a child in this way ?
Our good books and great thinkers could n’t contemplate such possibilities .
Can a child be a transaction ?
Can a body be a laboratory ?
What part of making a life has to actually take place within an organic environment and when is a Petri dish sufficient ?
On some sentimental level , and as one who never carried a life within my body , I think it must be hard , impossible , unbearable , to hold a life in your womb , bear it , and let it go .
But what life is not impossible ?
What beginnings are all pure love and bliss and responsible choice ?
Maybe , I think , very few .
And how many babes are born and raised by women who are their biological , genetic , daily wipe - the - snot - from - your - nose mothers , and those same life - givers whom I place such sentiments upon are responsible for incomprehensible abuses or a quiet ongoing neglect ?
Maybe , I think , too many .
Then again , I consider myself pro-choice , drawing some invisible line in my mind before the time of quickening , justifying the removal of that unique combination of cells for the sake of the rest of the mother ’s life .
Maybe this is no different , with a cash bonus at the end that makes the life of the surrogate mother , and maybe the children she already has , better .
Is it easier to be a surrogate than to give up your own biological creation for adoption , if the genetic material is foreign , the chromosomes contained within the bounds of the embryonic sac unrecognizable ?
The science is out .
The few studies done to understand the psychosocial impacts on the triad ( at least ) involved in a surrogate pregnancy have looked at tiny samples , lacked any theory , and included only a small number of longitudinal studies or ones comparing different populations .
It ’s too new to have even begun to study the offspring of these birthing experiments .
The jury is out , too .
Paid surrogacy in the US ranges from outright illegal to “ difficult to categorize . ”
Most of the industry , and it is a highly lucrative industry , takes place within the private realm , with little to no public regulation or oversight .
There ’s money to be had ; would - be parents pay $ 80,000 – $ 120,000 for a surrogacy in the States .
Psychological screening ?
Not necessary .
Personal motivation ?
No need to share .
No one knows answers to any of these questions , except the ones we make up for ourselves , as we go along .
There are no new priests to interpret the texts because there are no new texts .
We have all finished eating .
The couple tells me goodnight , wheeling their newborns away as I wish them good luck , and I turn my attention to the street below , still crowded though the hour is getting late .
Life is abundant in India : 1.2 billion and counting .
And cheap : an Indian surrogate mother costs a third of an American one .
Even if we begin to answer some of these questions on a philosophical level , it always comes down to a person wanting something that they can’t have — until technology provides a way .
For there is life in theory and there is life in practice .
How do we say no to the siren song of science ?
So efficient and effective .
So enticing and capable .
What degrees we go to in the developed world to create new life when it is spilled daily on the streets of South Asia , Africa , the worst of the West ’s inner cities and rural outposts .
Somehow we remain biological creatures , wanting to recreate a part of ourselves , the ultimate goal for any living organism , whether an orchid or a sea spider or a suburban couple from New Jersey .
Reader ’s respond .
In 1796 , English physician Edward Jenner decided to investigate a tale he had often heard — that milkmaids infected with cowpox became immune to smallpox , a much more dangerous affliction .
To test this theory , Jenner inoculated an eight - year - old boy with pus from the blisters of a milkmaid who had caught cowpox .
Two months later , Jenner injected the boy with material from a smallpox lesion .
The boy did not become ill , nor did the 22 people on whom Jenner later performed the same procedure .
Jenner had just made one of the most significant discoveries in medical history — a vaccine against smallpox , one of the greatest scourges humans have faced .
But , his methodology would not make it past the ethical review boards that now govern research on human subjects .
Today , scientists testing experimental vaccines usually rely on laboratory experiments , measuring the immune responses of cells grown in Petri dishes , or animal studies , which do n't always offer an accurate picture of the human immune response .
Once vaccines become promising enough to test in humans , researchers can vaccinate volunteer subjects but can't purposely expose them to the pathogen .
For example , in a recent study of an AIDS vaccine , researchers administered either the vaccine or a placebo to more than 16,000 volunteers in Thailand , then followed them for three years to see how many became infected .
That kind of study is useful but does n't allow researchers to fully control the experimental conditions .
Now , researchers at MIT and elsewhere are trying a new tactic — recreating the human immune system in a mouse .
With mice that have human immune cells , you can " study immune response to pathogens that you can't give to people , " says Jianzhu Chen , the MIT biology professor leading this effort .
Chen and his colleagues recently reported that they have engineered , for the first time , strains of mice that produce several types of human immune cells .
Though the mice still do not express the full complement of immune cells , the work , published in December in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , represents a big advance in generating so - called " humanized " mice , says Andrew Tager , an immunologist who works on humanized mouse models for HIV .
Chen 's new technique offers " a big advantage in terms of really filling a glaring hole in the human immune system in humanized mice , " says Tager , an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School , who was not involved in this research .
Such humanized mice could be used to test potential vaccines against HIV and other human diseases such as tuberculosis , malaria and Dengue fever .
A complicated system
The human immune system is a vastly complicated network with multiple layers of defenses , exquisitely suited to combat the huge range of pathogens — bacterial , viral and fungal — to which humans can be exposed .
Reproducing that complex system is no easy task .
Most of the critical players are white blood cells .
B and T cells roam the bloodstream looking for specific pathogens , and launch an attack when they encounter a bacterium or virus that match receptors on the immune cell surfaces .
Natural killer ( NK ) cells seek out and destroy cells that have been infected with a pathogen , and macrophages and dendritic cells engulf pathogens and recruit other immune cells if necessary .
To get a comprehensive picture of the body 's immune response to a pathogen or vaccine , you need all of those components .
All of those cells originate from hematopoietic stem cells ( HSCs ) , which are hard to come by ; the most plentiful and easily obtainable source is umbilical cord blood .
In the early 2000s , scientists induced mice to create B and T cells by injecting them with human HSCs from cord blood , but the mice lacked human NK cells and other cells important to the immune response .
In 2008 , Chen and his colleagues at the Singapore - MIT Alliance in Research and Technology ( SMART ) set out to create mice with not just B and T cells , but also NK cells , macrophages and red blood cells .
The team realized that in order to get mice to produce those humanized cells , they would have to express human cytokines that promote stem cell differentiation into NK cells and myeloid cells such as macrophages .
Rather than injecting the mice with cytokines , a laborious process that would have to be done daily to have any effect , Chen 's team delivered a single injection containing genes for human cytokines , which were taken up and expressed by the mouse livers .
Within two to three weeks , the mice were producing human cytokines and significant numbers of human NK cells .
The team also engineered mice that can generate human macrophages , dendritic cells and red blood cells .
Chen 's team is now working on a new way to boost the number of hematopoietic stem cells generated from a single umbilical cord , which now only provides enough cells for about 10 mice .
Their new technique increases the stem cell population by 20 - to 150 - fold , allowing them to generate enough genetically identical mice to do the large - scale studies necessary for vaccine testing .
Though any vaccine developed and tested in humanized mice would still need to be studied in humans before approval , this kind of model would allow researchers to select only the most promising candidates before moving to human trials , which are expensive and time - consuming , says Tager .
" That would be tremendously helpful to vaccine efforts , " he says .
Quick Search
Enter any text to search our huge historical event database : eg , names , places , battles , events .
Year Search Enter a year to show all the events for that year .
Construct you own timeline from from our extensive database of 2000 years of historical events by using the Advanced Search .
Browse our pre-selected topic timelines by Biography , Theme or Subject .
Or use our graphical TimeScape viewer to select your timeline :
We are a Curriculum Online Registered Provider and Registered Retailer - See Pricing for details
A ubiquitous health monitoring system that automatically alerted the patient 's family or physician to problematic changes in the person 's vital signs could cut hospital visits and save lives , according to Japanese researchers writing in the International Journal of Web and Grid Services .
Akio Koyama of Yamagata University and colleagues there and at Yamagata College of Industry and Technology and the Fukuoka Institute of Technology explain that the population of the developed world is growing older , medical costs are rising , and there are not enough doctors to heal the elderly sick .
One solution might be to reduce the incidence of illness that requires a hospitalisation by providing those at risk with a remote monitoring device .
The team is developing a wearable vital sensor that might be worn like an emergency call device familiar to many elderly people and their families .
Indeed , the team has designed the device to be used anywhere without disrupting the everyday life of the patient .
The vital monitor would keep check on specific facets of the patient 's health .
In the development device , temperature , pulse , and waist size are monitored .
The data is transmitted through the cellular telephone network and on to a web database that is accessible via a browser and flags up any problems for the patient 's family or doctor and sends an emergency alert if necessary .
Body temperature is a useful indicator of overall patient health , significant deviation from the norm usually indicates a serious illness .
The pulse sensor can detect arrhythmias in the heart by measuring the shape of the waves and the pulse rate .
The waist sensor is associated with more long - term monitoring of the patient , allowing the doctor to automatically keep track of whether the patient is gaining or losing weight significantly .
The team has not only developed the appropriate sensors but has also outlined a data transmission protocol that could use the cellular network efficiently .
They are currently extending the concept and developing a remote sensor for metabolic syndrome / diabetes .
New connections begin to form between brain cells almost immediately as animals learn a new task , according to a study published recently in Nature .
Led by researchers at the University of California , Santa Cruz , the study involved detailed observations of the rewiring processes that take place in the brain during motor learning .
The researchers studied mice as they were trained to reach through a slot to get a seed .
They observed rapid growth of structures that form connections ( called synapses ) between nerve cells in the motor cortex , the brain layer that controls muscle movements .
" We found very quick and robust synapse formation almost immediately , within one hour of the start of training , " said Yi Zuo , assistant professor of molecular , cell and developmental biology at UCSC .
Zuo's team observed the formation of structures called " dendritic spines " that grow on pyramidal neurons in the motor cortex .
The dendritic spines form synapses with other nerve cells .
At those synapses , the pyramidal neurons receive input from other brain regions involved in motor memories and muscle movements .
The researchers found that growth of new dendritic spines was followed by selective elimination of pre-existing spines , so that the overall density of spines returned to the original level .
" It 's a remodeling process in which the synapses that form during learning become consolidated , while other synapses are lost , " Zuo said .
" Motor learning makes a permanent mark in the brain .
When you learn to ride a bicycle , once the motor memory is formed , you do n't forget .
The same is true when a mouse learns a new motor skill ; the animal learns how to do it and never forgets . "
Understanding the basis for such long - lasting memories is an important goal for neuroscientists , with implications for efforts to help patients recover abilities lost due to stroke or other injuries .
advertisement
" We initiated the motor learning studies to understand the process that takes place after a stroke , when patients have to relearn how to do certain things .
We want to find out if there are things we can do to speed up the recovery process , " Zuo said .
The lead authors of the Nature paper , Tonghui Xu and Xinzhu Yu , are a postdoctoral researcher and doctoral student , respectively , in Zuo 's lab at UCSC .
Coauthors include Andrew Perlik , Willie Tobin , and Jonathan Zweig of UCSC and Kelly Tennant and Theresa Jones of the University of Texas , Austin .
The study used mice that had been genetically altered to make a fluorescent protein within certain neurons in the brain .
The researchers were then able to use a special microscopy technique ( two - photon microscopy ) to obtain clear images of those neurons near the surface of the brain .
The noninvasive imaging technique enabled them to view changes in individual brain cells of the mice before , during , and after the mice were trained in the seed - reaching task .
" We were able to follow the same synapses over time , which had not been done before in a motor learning study , " Zuo said .
" We showed that structural changes occur in the brain at a much earlier stage than people had believed . "
Results from the study suggested that the newly formed dendritic spines are initially unstable and undergo a prolonged selection process during the course of training before being converted into stable synapses .
When previously trained mice were reintroduced to the reaching task four months later , their skill at the task remained high , and images of their brains did not show increased spine formation .
When previously trained mice were taught a new skill , however , they showed enhanced spine formation and elimination similar to that seen during the initial training .
Furthermore , spines that had formed during the initial training persisted after the remodeling process that accompanied the learning of a new task .
These findings suggest that different motor behaviors are stored using different sets of synapses in the brain , Zuo said .
One of the questions she would like to explore in future studies is how these findings apply to different types of learning .
" In China , where I grew up , we memorize a lot in school .
What are the changes that take place in the brain during learning and memorizing , and what are the best ways to consolidate those memories ?
We do n't really know the best way to learn and memorize , " she said .
This work was supported by grants from the Ellison Medical Foundation , the DANA Foundation , and the National Institute on Aging .
Ice Breaker Description :
Help the frozen vikings get back to their longboat by slicing through the ice !
Ice Breaker Instructions :
Use mouse to play this game .
Queensland school - leavers have been warned not to expect an easy ride into their preferred tertiary course , due to an increase in competition for places .
The warning came as OP scores become available online and via SMS from 9 am today , bringing an end to an anxious wait for school - leavers .
Graduates will learn if their hard work has paid off today .
Credit : Jamie Wicks
Queensland Tertiary Admissions Centre spokeswoman
Pat Smith said there had been an 18 per cent increase in tertiary applications from 2008 , so getting into a first - choice course could be harder this time around .
" More than ever before , it 's really important ( for would - be tertiary students ) to take some time to review their preferences , look at some other options - they can log on to the QTAC website for courses and see the wide range of courses in an area of interest , " she said .
We all own many different cool gadgets and items that are important to us either for the utility they provide or perhaps because of an intimate or personal reason .
Whatever the reason is , we really hate it when someone comes and touches our personal belongings and worst yet …steals them .
In order to avoid such mishaps and unfortunate events , we have gathered here a great collection of different Anti Theft Gadgets and Bizarre Designs that are meant to help individuals make their devices and belongings less attractive , appealing or desired to a normal bystander .
Moreover , there are a few security gadgets and projects that may also interest the more techy of you , who may be looking for some new gizmos to own or security diy to built .
The following are n’t guaranteed to deter thieves or work colleagues from getting at your gadgets but are meant as additional things to make them think a second time before getting at your personal stuff .
1. Anti Theft Lunch Bags
These amazing sandwich bags are a sure way to keep any co-workers from getting into your lunch .
As if any introduction is needed , some individuals at work are rude enough to touch , get into or even treat themselves to your lunch .
I am not sure what drives these folks into allowing themselves to eat someone else ’s food without permission , but unfortunately these few do actually exist .
In order to battle them when you cannot install a video camera inside the refrigerator , these Anti Theft Bags could really do the trick .
The Sandwich bags contain green splotch marks on both sides of the bag , so when a sandwich is packed in there , it looks as if it is old and rotten .
The design itself is amazing , but it does have a few possible downfalls such as a different person throwing your lunch in the garbage because of the color , or the coworker decides to take an additional step and investigate your lunch .
If you want your own … they are available for only $ 9.99 for a pack of 25 bags .
Source
2. Secret Electric Socket Stash
For a simple and easily accessible place to store your ‘ stash ’ , this cool Secret Electric Wall Socket compartment provides a great solution .
It is a simple 2 plug wall socket that is not meant to run electricity throughout it but is an actual hidden wall compartment for individual belongings .
You can store cash , jewelry and other ‘ stuff ’ inside that would stay out of harm ’s way , and off a burglar ’s radar .
Plus , it looks just like your other electric sockets , so you are not changing any of your home ’s design and characteristics .
3. Fake Cassette Tape Car Stereo
With the innovation of gadgets , let alone music gadgets , most car stereos advance as well , adding CD ’s , disc changers , mp3 , video and even video games to be played while riding in the vehicle .
In order to get thieves to decide to move on to the next vehicle after a glimpse at your stereo dashboard , this cool diy is a funny one .
The Fake car stereo utilizes an old cassette tape deck as a facade that attaches on top of your current stereo deck in your car .
This way , when thieves take a look at your stereo , they would think twice before breaking in for a 90’s car stereo that will be useless in today ’s market .
4. Anti Theft Stickers
These stickers do n’t seem like much at first glance but then again , a thief would rather go for a ‘ prettier ’ and newer bicycle then risk being caught for a scratched and old bike .
The Anti theft stickers are great designs that are easy to implement on your bicycle , motorcycle or even automobile .
Whatever the reason you are trying to ugly your product , these stickers provide an easy solution .
5. The Anti Theft Plug Mug
This innovative Anti Theft Mug is a cool way to keep your work colleagues from using your mug while you are away or on a sick day .
I am certain there are more than a few out there who get extremely angry when they find their personal mugs and dishes have been used by others in the office .
It is a sense of a personal space being invaded and should not be tolerated .
For that , the plug mug grants a perfect way to keep your mug at work and know ahead of time that others cannot use it to fulfill their needs and habits .
By a simple ‘ plug ’ designed in the mug , the owner may remove the plug when deemed needed , and therefor the mug itself becomes useless .
That is , unless someone will use their fingers to keep the mug hole filled so liquids wo n’t spill out .
Source
6. The Brief Safe
The Brief Safe looks rather disgusting when you first lay your eyes on it but please realize it is meant to look so in order to keep people from checking any further .
These disgusting looking underwear are actually a storage compartment which has been “ designed ” with certain marks , so to keep prying hands out .
When traveling and having to carry cash , documents , or checks , you do not always have the access to a safe in your room .
In those situations , the Brief Safe is a great alternative , where you may store your personal belongings and could easily imagine that no one would search through it .
I mean , just put yourself in the burglar ’s shoes … if you ran across someone ’s dirty underwear in their room , would you try to see if there are any valuables stored in there …or would you be so disgusted and just leave it alone ?
7. Home Security Paintball Gun Turret
For a more colorful solution to Home Security , this Paintball Gun Turret DIY is a great option .
It may not be as ‘ correct ’ or ‘ ethical ’ as some would expect from home security measures , but then again …are thieves using ‘ allowed ’ methods ?
8. Tesla Car Burglar Alarm
The Tesla Coils Car Burglar Alarm is an innovative and bright project that grants a light show for neighbors , passerby and others who come near this vehicle .
Once the switch is turned on , a burglar could trigger the device , in turn locking themselves within the Tesla circle .
I am not sure about any of you , but such a method could really be a spectacle for all around which may in fact force some to dare others to do it …just to see the light show .
Anti Theft Laptop Cases
These few cool laptop cases provide some alternatives to regular notebook cases in designs that may help deter onlookers .
The choices provided are , again , not guaranteed ( just like all the above ) but provide a different way to carry your notebook computer .
The designs themselves of a daily newspaper or a postal envelope grant a method that hopes will make bystanders disinterested or unknowning of the material or items that are stored inside .
9. Newspaper Laptop Sleeve
The Newspaper Notebook case provides a choice of 5 different newspapers ( in 5 separate languages ) to choose from and looks like a cool idea .
But would n’t people actually have a second or third look since the headline does n’t change …even weeks , months or years later ?
Source
10 . Postal Envelope Notebook Sleeve
The Postal Envelope Laptop Sleeve is also a fun option and can be folded or rolled when not in use .
The thing is , after seeing the old Macbook Air commercials … these kind of envelopes are probably what a laptop thief first looks for .
Source
Security USB Flash Drives
We use USB Flash Drives practically every single day at work , home or at a friend ’s house , but this also endangers the documents and files by taking them away from your home into the world .
In order to secure your important data , here are two cool solutions with the Ironkey and Biometric USB Flash Drives .
11 . Ironkey USB Flash Drive
The Ironkey USB Flash Drive is provide the normal features of a portable USB storage device but with added encryption ( military grade AES encryption ) and is filled with epoxy based compound , thus waterproofing and preventing many from its internal hardware .
Moreover , if it is damaged or the password is incorrectly entered 10 times … the data will self destruct .
12 . Biometric USB Flash Drive
The second option is the Biometric Flash Drive , which simply provides the Biometric option to log into the USB Drive .
With this , you can rest assured that unless it is you ( or someone that has your fingerprints ) that attempts to log in …the data will remain secure and out of harm ’s way .
13 . Ugly Digital Camera
Whether you are traveling , going out for a day or simply like carrying your camera around , I am sure you have been worried about your camera being snatched or stolen .
A cool way to deter potential thieves and camera snatchers is to uglify your camera … in other words , make your camera less appealing by making it ugly , old looking and rather worthless .
In this cool image taken by Connors of Jimmy ’s Ugly Camera , one can easily exemplify a really ugly camera that was tested in the field .
As was mentioned , it was used throughout travels in Brazil and was left behind when stopped and mugged by locals .
Seems like they would rather have a few bucks then an ugly camera .
14 . 80 ’s Walkman iPod Case
Although this Walkman iPod Case was made for the classic iPod models , I am sure a different version can accommodate the iPod touch as well .
It is a great solution for those that feel threatened by bystanders staring at their new iPods and would rather have them look another way .
This cool case is an ode to old music gadgets by re-using an old Walkman cassette case as a case for a newly innovated gadget .
While everyone is walking around listening to their iPods , talking on their iPhones and perhaps even watching a movie on their Zune , you could make sure to remain below the radar , for your music product is just so old … no one would be interested in it .
Who even listens to cassette tapes anymore ?
15 . Anti Theft Bicycle Wheel
A cool and innovative design that provides a bicycle owner the sense of serenity that thieves would not be interested in stealing their bicycle wheel .
The collapsing bike wheel design provides the owner the ability to collapse the inside rim with a turn of a key , making the bike wheel unusable , ‘ broken ’ and a deterrent from thieves .
16 . Fake Security Cameras
If you cannot afford real security cameras for your home ( or are not interested ) , then these fake security cameras are a cool , inexpensive alternative that would provide a simple ‘ scarecrow ’ like solution .
While it wont ’ record and provide any real surveillance , it would assist in decreasing those who may not be interested in getting on film … this could be more than just burglars and criminals .
Today 's collaboration with What is It ?
Blog brings us this object : what is it for ?
( for a close up picture , check out What is It ? )
Place your guess in the comment section - please do n't post any URL , let ...
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Here ’s a light extravaganza that puts a whole new spin on Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree .
Computer game fan and former Disney special effects expert Ric Turner has rigged up his house to be a giant Guitar Hero display , which you can actually play .
The incredible light show uses 21,268 bulbs and LEDs along with a Wii Guitar Hero controller .
Speaking to the Makezine blog , Ric said : ' Even though the game is in " easy " mode , the lights do n't provide the same timing detail as the game does , so it is much harder .
Even expert Guitar
Hero players have a hard time with the lights , and nobody has made it through without errors ( yet ) . '
If you 're reading this sitting down , you might consider standing up .
In a provocative look at the impact of sedentary behavior on health , a new study links time watching television to an increased risk of death .
One of the most surprising findings is that it is n't just couch potatoes who were affected — even for people who exercised regularly , the risk of death went up the longer they were in front of the TV .
The problem was the prolonged periods of time spent sitting still .
Australian researchers who tracked 8,800 people for an average of six years found that those who said they watched TV for more than four hours a day were 46 % more likely to die of any cause and 80 % more likely to die of cardiovascular disease than people who reported spending less than two hours a day in front of the tube .
Time spent in front of televisions and computers and playing videogames has come under fire in studies in recent years for contributing to an epidemic of obesity in the U.S. and around the world .
But typically the resulting public - health message urges children and adults to put down the Xbox controller and remote and get on a treadmill or a soccer field .
The Australian study offers a different take .
" It 's not the sweaty type of exercise we 're losing , " says David Dunstan , a researcher at Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute , Melbourne , who led the study .
" It 's the incidental moving around , walking around , standing up and utilizing muscles that [ does n't happen ] when we 're plunked on a couch in front of a television . "
Indeed , participants in the study reported getting between 30 and 45 minutes of exercise a day , on average .
They call themselves the Worldwide Loyalty Team .
Among some employees , they are known as the Apple Gestapo , a group of moles always spying in headquarters and stores , reporting directly to Jobs and Oppenheimer .
Here 's how they hunt people down .
Advertisement
" You may want to know about their Worldwide Loyalty Team , " Tom told me recently in an email .
I read what he had to say .
It felt like a description of the Gestapo , without the torture and killing part .
Tom never lived in Nazi Germany , back in the time when the Geheime Staatspolizei had the power to get into any house or any office , at any time of the day or night , without any warrant or reason , to seize whatever or whoever they wanted in their never ending search to find enemies of the state .
A place in which you had no right to privacy whatsoever .
A place in which you were guilty until proven otherwise .
Advertisement
No , Tom never lived in Nazi Germany , nor in East Germany , nor in the Soviet Union , nor in Communist China .
He lives in the United States .
For sure , he has never been scared of losing his life nor the ones he loves , like thousands of millions in those countries .
But he knows how it feels to be watched , to always be considered guilty of crimes against another kind of state .
He knew how it felt to have no privacy whatsoever when he was working right here , in a little Californian town called Cupertino , in a legendary place located in One Infinite Loop .
Tom knew about all that pretty well , back when he was working at Apple Inc .
Operation Lockdown
Of course , if Tom had never sent any sensitive information to media outlets , he would have never had the fear of being caught , only to get fired and sued into oblivion by Apple Legal .
But the lack of any privacy whatsoever is something that he shared with all his fellow employees .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" Apple has these moles working everywhere , especially in departments where leaks are suspected .
Management is not aware of them , " he told me , " once they suspect a leak , the special forces — as we call them — will walk in the office at any hour , especially in the mornings .
They will contact whoever was the most senior manager in the building , and ask them to coordinate the operation . "
The operation , as Tom calls it , is not anything special .
It is not one of a kind event .
It 's just a normal practice , and the process is pretty simple :
The manager will instruct all employees to stay at their desks , telling them what to do and what to expect at any given time .
The Apple Gestapo never handles the communication .
They are there , present , supervising the supervisors , making sure everything goes as planned .
Advertisement
All cellphones are then taken .
Usually , they collect them all at the same time , which means that the process could take a long time .
If you need to contact the exterior during the time your cellphone is under examination , you will have to ask for permission , and your call will be monitored .
They do n't ask for cameras because there are no cameras at Apple : Employees are not allowed to get into the campus with them .
If the cellphone is an iPhone , it gets backed up onto a laptop .
" In fact , at the beginning they used to say that the iPhones were really their property , since Apple gave every employee a free iPhone , " he points out .
All the employees are asked to unlock and disable any locking features in their cellphones , and then the special forces will proceed to check them for recent activity .
Advertisement
They back up everything and go through all the other phones ' text messages and pictures .
If you have porn in your phone , they will see it .
If you have text messages to your spouse , lover , or Tiger Woods , they will see them , too .
Just like that .
No privacy , no limits .
While all this is happening , the employees are ordered to activate the screensaver on their computers , so the special forces are sure there are no chats happening between employees or with the exterior .
They are told not to speak , text or call one other when the lockdown is happening : " It is like a gag order , and if the employee does not want to participate , they are basically asked to leave and never come back . "
Advertisement
2009 Is Like " 1984 "
Of course , all this is voluntary .
Management recommends that you relinquish your phones .
If you do n't do it they will fire you , or they will investigate why you did n't want to give them your cellphone .
Simultaneously , everyone is asked to sign NDA 's during the investigations , even though they already signed Apple NDAs to work there .
Advertisement
" I was at several events .
When they find what they are looking for — which they usually do — the person is asked to stay until the end of the business day .
Then he is asked to leave the premises quietly , escorted by security , " Tom says .
While he 's there , the special forces hang around , watching .
" There is a lot that goes behind doors that I do n't really know about .
I do know , however , that they really interrogate people that are serious suspects , intimidating them by threatening to sue . "
There is no way to know how often this happens , however , as everything is handled very quietly .
The same Worldwide Loyalty Team does many other things to keep everyone in check , from searching out the email history of every employee — which is also a normal practice in other corporations and government agencies — to seeding fake images to catch potential leaks and diffuse the hype about some product introductions .
Advertisement
As Tom was describing all this , my mind was getting back to all I 've read about Steve Jobs and Apple , back when he was El Capitán of the brave group of free pirates who created the Macintosh .
The Mac was a secret project too , but there was no secret police making sure there were no leaks .
After a hard day of work , all the Mac team sometimes played on the beaches of California , careless and happy , confident that this new revolutionary computer would change the world , one desktop at a time .
All of them shared information , there were no seeeecrets , and that 's why they came up with an " insanely great " computer , as Steve Jobs himself used to refer to it .
And while I understand that secrecy is paramount to success in today 's extremely competitive market — hello , dear marketdrones — now I look at this story on the Worldwide Loyalty Team , and it makes me realize how much Apple has changed .
From a happy hippie company , to a company that does KGB - style lockdowns and Gestapo interrogations that end in suicides .
Advertisement
I wonder if the special forces have ever chased anyone through the Infinite Loop campus , dressed in their full 1984 regalia .
Advertisement
I would n't be surprised .
Patients who lack health insurance are more likely to die from car accidents and other traumatic injuries than people who belong to a health plan -- even though emergency rooms are required to care for all comers regardless of ability to pay , according to a study published today .
An analysis of 687,091 patients who visited trauma centers nationwide from 2002 to 2006 found that the odds of dying from injuries were almost twice as high for the uninsured than for patients with private insurance , researchers reported in Archives of Surgery .
Trauma physicians said they were surprised by the findings , even though a slew of studies had previously documented the ill effects of going without health coverage .
Uninsured patients are less likely to be screened for certain cancers or to be admitted to specialty hospitals for procedures such as heart bypass surgery .
Overall , about 18,000 deaths each year have been traced to a lack of health insurance .
But insurance status is n’t supposed to be a factor for trauma patients .
The Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act , passed by Congress in 1986 , guarantees that people brought to emergency rooms get all necessary treatment no matter what kind of insurance they do -- or do n’t -- have .
The research team from Harvard University and Brigham and Women ’s Hospital in Boston used information from 1,154 U.S. hospitals that contribute to the National Trauma Data Bank .
The team found that patients enrolled in commercial health plans , health maintenance organizations or Medicaid had an equal risk of death from traumatic injuries when the patients ’ age , gender , race and severity of injury were taken into account .
The risk of death was 56 % higher for patients covered by Medicare , perhaps because the government health plan includes many people with long - term disabilities , said Dr. Heather Rosen , who led the study while she was a research fellow at Harvard Medical School .
The risk of death was 80 % higher for patients without any insurance , the report said .
The researchers also did a separate analysis of 209,702 trauma patients ages 18 to 30 because they were less likely to have chronic health conditions that might complicate recovery .
Among these younger patients , the risk of death was 89 % higher for the uninsured , the study found .
Rosen , now a surgical resident at USC ’s Keck School of Medicine , said the group expected to find at least some disparity based on insurance status .
But she said the group was surprised at the magnitude of the gap .
Dr. Frank Zwemer Jr. , chief of emergency medicine for the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond , Va. , said he was “ kind of shocked . ”
“ We do n’t ask people , ‘ What ’s your insurance ? ’ before we decide whether to intubate them or put in a chest tube , ” said Zwemer , who was n’t involved in the research .
“ That ’s not on our radar anywhere . ”
The researchers offered several possible explanations for the findings .
Despite the federal law , uninsured patients often wait longer to see doctors in emergency rooms and sometimes visit ERs at several hospitals before finding one that will treat them .
Other studies show that , once they ’re admitted , uninsured patients receive fewer services , such as CT and MRI scans , and are less likely to be transferred to a rehabilitation facility .
Patients without insurance may have higher rates of untreated underlying conditions that make it harder to recover from trauma injuries , the researchers said .
They also may be more passive with doctors and nurses because they do n’t interact with them as often .
All of these factors could influence whether a trauma patient is able to recover .
But the link could also be coincidental , the authors acknowledged .
Perhaps the hospitals that have fewer resources at their disposal also happen to see the most uninsured patients , they said .
The types of injuries may differ too , Zwemer said .
Gunshot and stabbing victims -- frequently younger people involved in crime -- were much more likely to die from their wounds than other trauma patients tracked in the study .
These people are generally uninsured , but the type of injury -- not insurance status -- is the reason for their higher fatality rates , he said .
More research is needed to figure out whether lack of insurance actually harms trauma patients or whether the data simply reflect a correlation , said Dr. A. Brent Eastman , chairman of trauma at Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla .
The issue is particularly relevant as Congress and the Obama administration weigh various measures to reduce the number of uninsured Americans , Eastman wrote in a short critique that accompanied the study .
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
Anyone who knows the history of backlash populism , from Nixon and Agnew onwards , will find the new fury at the environmental taxes comfortingly familiar .
From the Palin rallies in the American Midwest via the baking suburbs of Brisbane to the screaming blogs of the English Tory party , the chants about climate change are the same .
The liberal elite , the so - called experts , the unelected , unaccountable grandees , who poison our children 's minds through their control of the schools , foist their values on us through their courtier newspapers and television stations , take our taxes and use them to fund their weird minority causes , are at it again .
Preying on hard - working families , and forcing their fads on the common people .
The feeling of suppressed class war is back .
Globally , environmentalism is a middle - class cause , and in Britain , disastrously for its supporters , the children of the aristocracy and super - rich dominate the green movement .
As before , many onlookers fear that they will pay the price for the soothing of the consciences of the wealthy .
The conspiracy theories and the wails from the under - educated at the pretensions of the intellectuals have a tired ring , too .
We appear to be on an old battlefield .
But do not make the mistake of dismissing the anti-green upsurge as another outbreak of crankiness .
The most obvious difference from the fights of the late 20th century is that money and real economic interests are at stake .
However successful the American right was in whipping up rage against Hollywood liberals or supreme court judges , a palpable absurdity lay at the heart of the old conservative movement .
Its sponsors urged blue - collar workers to rail against the elites in New York and LA for promoting Darwinism and abortion .
At the same time , the supposed friends of the common man supported deregulation and privatisation .
A populism that called on the masses to raise the red flag of revolution in the name of tax cuts for plutocrats was always going to fall apart .
American populism duly did , when the crash of Lehman Brothers in 2008 made Americans realise that the elitists with the power to ruin their lives were in Wall Street banks , not the offices of the New York Times .
Enough switched from McCain and Palin to give the Democrats the White House .
Arguments about climate change , however , are not at all like arguments about abortion or creationism .
Hard - headed people can see that their bills will rise and maybe their jobs go too .
You must expect them to fight back hard .
The second difference is that it took the American conservative movement a generation to mature .
Now , complacency about or rejection of global warming is shooting in from the fringe to the mainstream with extraordinary speed .
Last week , Malcolm Turnbull became the first right - wing leader to be deposed for the ideological crime of taking global warming seriously .
Turnbull was a confident politician , from a party that had dominated Australian politics until Labor 's victory in 2007 .
He thought he was at the centre of the English - speaking world 's conservative consensus .
He dutifully committed his Liberal party to go along with Labor 's plans to use a cap - and - trade scheme to cut emissions .
His party 's members went wild .
A right - leaning Australian journalist told me that , for conservatives there , " climate change is now morphing from a science issue into yet another front line in the culture wars , in which any obsession of the inner-city , mung - bean - flavoured - tofu- eating , latte - slurping political / academic / media class is automatically the target of resentment and scorn " .
Tony Abbott , a reactionary Catholic , saw his chance , added opposition to green taxes to the old agenda of opposing gay marriage and abortion , and replaced Turnbull as leader .
In Britain , ambitious right - wingers are sniffing the same opportunity .
Since he resigned from the shadow cabinet , David Davis has been staring at David Cameron through hooded eyes , like Cassius studying Caesar 's back .
His choice of weapon last week was instructive .
To establish himself as a potential leader in the minds of Conservative activists he denounced the " fixation of the green movement with setting ever tougher targets " – a fixation Mr Cameron shares .
Add the disgraceful behaviour of the scientists at East Anglia 's climatic research unit , which has given loonies everywhere a new tune , and environmentalists have reason to be worried .
Internal contradictions in the new populism
Perhaps they should not be too despairing .
Internal contradictions run through the new populism as surely as they ran through the old religious right .
There is a limit to the number of people who can believe that 95 % of qualified scientists are engaged in a plot to deceive a gullible public .
And even those who buy the conspiratorial narrative are still open to charges of not knowing their real interests .
Conservatives boast that unlike latte - slurping liberals they believe in national defence , and are willing to fight for the best values of their country .
They seem sublimely unaware that the carbon economy they are so determined to preserve aids and abets the enemies of democracy .
What development economists call " the curse of oil " – the freedom of manoeuvre that oil wealth gives to brutish regimes – leaves dictators free to ignore what would otherwise be an economic imperative to attend to their people 's demands for education , development and , in time , representative government .
Gas revenues enable Putin 's autocracy to forget Russia 's corrupt and feeble economy , and intimidate its neighbours .
Oil revenues allow Ahmadinejad and the ayatollahs to threaten the Iranian electorate , and lets Saudi Arabia 's Wahhabi monarchy pump anti-liberal propaganda into European mosques .
I wo n't say there is an absolute causal link between oil and gas markets and dictatorship but , as the shifting of Venezuela from representative democracy to Peronist authoritarianism under Hugo Chávez shows , the two go well together .
It would help their cause if believers in climate change moved away from traditional liberal concerns and into conservative territory .
They are proposing a revolutionary change in society .
They should not expect to get it without an equally radical transformation in their assumptions and tactics .
Rage Against The Machine perform Killing In The Name and talk about battling X Factor winner Joe McElderry for the Christmas number one .
Nicky Campbell and Shelagh Fogarty speak to England 's chief medical officer Sir Liam Donaldson about his guidelines for parents that give their children alcohol .
Senior cabin crew member Tom Maguire discusses the collapse of the company he works for - the holiday firm Globespan .
Rage Against The Machine perform Killing In The Name and 6 Music presenter Shaun Keaveny discusses the BBC 's first assessment of Led Zeppelin , released by the BBC archives today .
In sport , Chelsea leave it late to go top of the Premier League while Arsenal lose ground in the title race .
We 've all been entertained by Wiimote hackery in the past , but I for one can never tire of the new inventions constantly being cooked up by clever sausages like this guy .
Advertisement
Using the Wiimote and an LED light , William Luxemburg from the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands knocked together a water - level sensor , measuring evaporation .
As you can see from the picture , a tub of water with a Wiimote pointing at a plastic boat is a simple and cost - effective way to achieve the same — or even better — results that pressure sensors costing $ 500 or more can produce .
Advertisement
Of course , it was n't merely a Wiimote trained at a boat in a tub of water , which solved Luxemburg 's dilemma .
He re-programmed the Wiimote 's output , and as it can sense movement better than a lot of other devices out there ( closer than 1 mm accuracy , as Wired points out ) , when it was connected wirelessly to a laptop he was able to receive real - time information on what the water level was doing in the tub .
Luxemburg does n't sound like he 's going to stop there however .
He 's intrigued by what else a Wiimote could be used on , if programmed the right way .
" If you have a structure that collapses and you have Wiimotes on the building , you could see how fast it falls "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
That sort of information is priceless to the right party , and considering Wiimotes cost just $ 40 , do n't be surprised if you hear of plenty more innovative uses for Nintendo 's little remote .
[ Wired ]
BBC reported : Coldest December since 1981 ( BBC , January 3 , 2010 )
It is still showing up in Google , but changes are afoot , odd that a headline like that ca n’t stand on its own :
And google news :
The URL for the story in the image above is :
but note the number of the story in the URL 8438408 now now goes to a different title , presto change -o!
Icy conditions lead to closure of Giant ’s Causeway
Same URL :
h/t to Popular Technology
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Swine flu kills four in Saudi Arabia on Hajj pilgrimage
Pilgrims were supposed to have been vaccinated before arriving for the Hajj Four pilgrims have died of swine flu as they take part in this year 's annual Mecca pilgrimage , Saudi officials say .
Three of the victims - a woman from Morocco and men from Sudan and India - were in their seventies .
The fourth was a 17 - year - old girl from Nigeria .
The Health Ministry said none of the four foreign victims had been vaccinated against the H1N1 virus .
The latest figures from the World Health Organization show the virus has so far killed 6,750 people worldwide .
An official statement released by the ministry said all had underlying health problems , including cancer and respiratory illness , AFP news agency reported .
Three of the victims died in Medina and one in Mecca .
Precautions
Up to three million Muslims from around the world take part in the holy pilgrimage every year , but health officials have expressed fears that it could provide a breeding ground for the virus .
Authorities had tried to prepare for any outbreaks by installing thermal cameras at airports and sea terminals , deploying 15,000 additional health workers and ensuring hundreds of extra beds were available .
Thousands of pilgrims are already in Saudi Arabia for Hajj Health ministry spokesman Dr Khaled Marghlani told AFP that 16 other people had diagnosed with swine flu and four remain in hospital in " critical condition " .
He added 12 others had recovered following treatment .
The Saudi government has said all pilgrims need a certificate of vaccination before they can apply for a visa .
In September , the Egyptian authorities barred hundreds of Muslim pilgrims in Cairo from travelling to Mecca because of fears about the virus .
In July , an Egyptian woman returning from the lesser Umrah pilgrimage became the first person to die of swine flu in the Middle East and Africa .
Performing the Hajj is incumbent upon all Muslims who have the means to make the journey to Mecca .
Iran banned all pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia during Ramadan in an attempt to contain the spread of the virus .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Tougher draft bill on resolution authority seen Monday
* Frank -- exploring optional federal charter for insurers
* Optional charter not seen for property and casualty ( Adds Frank comments on bank regulation , Feinberg ’s pay rulings , byline )
WASHINGTON , Oct 23 ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration plans to unveil on Monday a new plan for dealing with troubled financial giants , said a senior U.S. lawmaker , who also mentioned potentially big changes for the insurance industry .
Barney Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and a chief architect of the financial regulation overhaul , declined on Friday to give details on the administration ’s new bill , which would give the government the power to dismantle large financial companies that get into crises .
The new draft bill is expected to take a tougher stance toward troubled financial firms than the administration ’s original plan , and may take out some language that would allow for temporary bailouts .
Giving the government “ resolution authority ” would serve as a rebuttal to the concept that some firms are too big to fail .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday highlighted the need for this authority as well as other measures to reduce the likelihood that one firm could destabilize the financial system .
[ ID :nN2394774 ]
Frank also said Congress is discussing whether to create an optional federal charter for insurers .
Insurance companies are currently regulated by the states .
“ If we do get into national chartering it will be in life insurance ... and maybe large commercial entities , ” Frank said during remarks to a banking symposium .
He said lawmakers would not likely try to federally regulate property and casualty insurers , however .
NO SUPER BANK COP
Frank ’s committee has cranked its efforts to overhaul financial regulation into high gear in recent days .
On Thursday it voted to approve legislation that would create a federal financial consumer watchdog .
It has also passed new rules to police over - the - counter derivatives like the credit default swaps that helped fuel the financial crisis , and the full House has approved efforts to curb abusive pay practices .
While Frank ’s committee has made significant headway , the reform effort faces an uncertain future in the Senate and may be pushed into next year .
One idea that does seem to be gaining steam in the Senate is the move to consolidate all federal banking supervision into one super agency .
Currently , four regulators share responsibility .
Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , is a leading advocate of the consolidation , and has said he will push it forward despite regulators ’ reservations .
Frank , however , does not think it will pass .
“ There is no remote chance of it happening , ” he said .
He said lawmakers will likely merge the Office of Thrift Supervision and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , but allow the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp to keep their supervisory roles .
Frank also commented on the rulings of pay czar Kenneth Feinberg , who on Thursday slashed compensation for many of the top earners at seven firms that have received billions of dollars in taxpayer funds .
“ I think he did a good job , ” he said .
On the same day that Feinberg released his rulings for the seven firms , the Federal Reserve revealed its own pay guidelines to encompass a larger chunk of financial firms .
[ ID :nN2212147 ]
The Fed ’s bank pay guidelines , while not specific , are designed to curb forms of compensation that entice employees to take large risks .
Frank said the Fed ’s guidelines should have a large impact and said Congress is working to finalize legislation that would clarify that the Fed does have the authority to closely police pay .
( Reporting by Karey Wutkowski ; Editing by Gerald E. McCormick , Phil Berlowitz )
Making your own versions of great food and clever gadgets is already rewarding , and if you play your cards right , the homemade route also comes with serious bragging rights .
These 10 economical homemade creations — epicurean and electrical — should inspire some well - deserved praise .
Advertisement
Photo by ginnerobot .
10 .
Ice cream creations
Advertisement
The moment you discover you 're out of ice cream , at that crucial just - enough - room - left moment , is a very bad moment , indeed .
You can make a substitute in about five minutes , or forge a vanilla bean substitute if it 's more your speed .
For more fixes and crafty dessert ideas , try our favorite homemade ice cream recipes .
Five - Minute Homemade Ice Cream
Got five minutes and a hankering for some tasty homemade ice cream ?
We can help .
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Pizza ovens
Advertisement
There 's an entire realm of new restaurants opening on the premise that pizza baked in wood - fired ovens tastes great , and is worth the extra time and money over your favorite napkin - soaking corner joint .
We 're of the mind that you should n't have to drop a C - note to feed a family with great pizza .
We started our obsession with a temporary bricks - in - oven setup , then moved on to a small but efficient backyard model .
We hit our apex with stomachs growling by glimpsing at a backyard , concrete - seated pompeii oven , and then brought it all back home with an oven you can build in one afternoon .
Pizza — it inspires our readers , and makes us hunt for ever more tasty step - by - step pictures .
Advertisement
8. DTV Antenna
Advertisement
Okay , we do n't actually love collections of specially - spaced wire connected by coaxial cable , but we do love the free , often high - definition television content that 's floating through the air .
It is , after all , the missing link between a cable - free life and " What about sports and events ? "
We really dislike paying $ 40 or more for a really crappy model with a six - foot cord , though .
That 's why this homemade version , which you can run as much cord as you want to and place anywhere , is so appealing .
Judging from our commenters and own experience , it 's also a lot more successful at grabbing channels from multiple stations , which is reason enough to dismantle some wire hangers and grab a two - by - four .
( Original post )
Advertisement
7. Ginger ale and other sodas
Advertisement
There are only so many brands of the fizzy stuff at your grocer , and it 's all about the same price .
Wanna jazz up your soft drink selection ?
Make your own home - brewed ginger ale and other sodas , tweaking the flavor profile , sugar amounts , and carbonation to your liking .
We started down this road with a ginger ale made from real ginger , but picked up a ginger - syrup - based version and a smaller batch carbonated with yeast .
Finally , we heeded Howcast 's advice on making any kind of soda yourself , yielding two 2L bottles that keep for up to a month .
Needless to say , all of this stuff tastes how you want it , and might even go well with the harder stuff .
6. Sports drink
Advertisement
Not that there 's anything wrong with the neon - colored stuff , but concocting your own is cheaper , slightly more natural , and amenable to having the flu and really not wanting to drive to the drug store .
We 've recently seen fairly well - tested recipes from the New York Times '
Well blog , and WebMD also has its mix .
( Original posts : first , second ) .
Advertisement
5. Sun jars
Advertisement
Jason dug the idea of solar - powered backyard lights , but not the looks of them .
So he read through this Instructables tutorial , picked up on some of the commenters ' suggestions , and added a few of his own ideas , like DIY frosting , and came up with his own mason - style sun jars .
They can be any color you please , you can hack together as many as you need , and your deck does n't look like part of a home improvement store flyer illustration .
Advertisement
4. Shake Shack burgers and crispy fries
Advertisement
Lots of people love the burgers from NYC's Shake Shack , enough so to put up with rather sizable lines .
Burger researcher extraordinaire J. Kenji Lopez - Alt went to the trouble of reverse engineering their recipe , right down to the smash - and - scrape griddle technique .
For the natural accompaniment , soak and fry some potato wedges for unbeatable French fries .
Photo by J. Kenji Lopez - Alt .
( Original posts : burgers , fries ) .
Make Your Own Shake Shack Burgers
The cheeseburgers from New York City 's Shake Shack are so beloved by burger aficionados that even …
Read more
Advertisement
3 . Home theater PCs
Advertisement
They 're not exactly something you can pick up at any old electronics store , but TV - attached PCs are coming into their own .
There 's the upcoming Boxee box , the Popcorn Hour , and a number of HD TVs arriving with streaming capabilities built in .
If you 'd like a bit more flexibility with your media , both downloaded and streamed , it 's not too hard to set up your own little media computer that fits snugly into your home theater setup .
Adam 's silent , standalone XBMC - based setup is a super - slim little box that has just enough oomph to stream videos , and runs about $ 200 .
Me , I sprung for a cheap but powerful Boxee media center , boasting a spacious hard drive , 2 GB of memory , and the same kind of powerful graphics chip .
Advertisement
2. Kentucky Fried Chicken
Advertisement
Even if you know the Colonel 's " 11 herbs and spices " — and one of them appears to be a heavy dose of monosodium glutamate — it 's hard to replicate the high - pressure deep fryer results of actual KFC .
That did n't stop Tim Hayward and readers of his Word of Mouth blog from crowd - sourcing the best possible KFC stand - in .
His post also lists the spice mixture from America 's Most Wanted Recipes , so you can get in on that " facepunch " MSG factor if you 'd like .
( Original post ) .
Advertisement
1. Hackintosh running Snow Leopard
Advertisement
The Apple Tax — the difference between a Mac 's hardware costs and what the Cupertino company charges — is steep , but you can endlessly argue its justification .
If you do n't want to pay it , or would rather get a bit more choice in your hardware peripherals , you can build a system and install Mac OS X Snow Leopard on it .
Adam 's chosen hardware setup is how he can ( mostly ) assure success with the process , but by crafting your own " Hackintosh , " you get a choice of case , memory amount , processor speed , and other factors normally left to the whims of yearly inventory updates .
Advertisement
What have you made at home that guests can't believe is n't store - bought ?
Do a bit of your own bragging in the comments .
Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham does n’t understand why detainees would want to leave the tropical paradise that is the US military ’s detention facility at Guantanamo Bay .
After all , “ the inmates like Gitmo ” because they “ get to play in the cages all day . ”
Ingraham made her comments during a segment on Fox & Friends discussing the news that the federal government plans to transfer between 35 and 90 Guantanamo detainees to an unused prison facility in Thomson , Illinois .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This shows you how tone - deaf the administration is , ” Ingraham said .
“ Gitmo works well .
The inmates like Gitmo .
It ’s secure .
We already paid for it .
And I think we have to stop doing things like buying things we ca n’t afford .
We do n’t have the money for this facility . …
I guess this is another jobs project for the Obama administration . ”
Indeed , the new facility is expected to create between 2,340 and 3,250 jobs and bring $ 790 million to $ 1.1 billion into the local economy over four years .
But the real issue , according to Fox & Friends co-host Brian Kilmeade , is that it gets cold in the winter in Illinois .
“ It ’s actually nicer at Gitmo , ” Kilmeade said .
“ Yeah , you get the sun , you get to play in the cages all day , ” Ingraham said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The idea that Guantanamo is a vacation wonderland whose inmates prefer to be there would likely be challenged by Rhuhel Ahmed , Jamal al - Harith , Asif Iqbal and Shafiq Rasul , four former detainees who have been working to sue former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and others for abuse they say they suffered at the facility , including being threatened with dogs , having their beards shaved against their religion ’s teachings , being placed in alternately hot and cold prison cells , and even “ sexual abuse . ”
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast Dec. 15 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Question :
What would you do with a 2TB SD card , a card of such voluminous capacity that you can hear cathedral - like echoes clanging around any MP3 file stored upon it ?
To help you decide , here are some numbers : 100 HD movies , 480 hours of HD video recording , 136,000 " fine mode " photos , and enough MP3 files to last the rest of your life ( this last is according to my poor math ) .
So , what would you do ?
the answer is , of course , lose it .
And if it was the even smaller MicroSD card pictured , you 'd lose it even quicker .
Imagine dropping your entire photo collection down the drain when swapping out cards from the camera .
Shiver .
Of course , you can't buy a 2TB card right now .
Instead , SDXC is the new spec from the SD Association which allows a theoretical maximum of 2TB , meaning the way has been opened for manufacturers to offer bigger and bigger memory cards for cameras .
It is also quick , with a current maximum transfer speed of 104 MB per second , rising to 300 MB per second when the kinks are worked out .
Compare that to the 200x speed SD card which gives a comparatively pathetic 30 MB per second .
So , relax .
By the time 2TB is actually affordable , you 're camera will be recording 100 megapixel HDR images every time you click the shutter , so you 'll probably only fit 100 photos on a card anyway .
Product page [ SD Association ]
December 16 , 2009 , 6:36 pm
Throwing Momma from the train
I warned you , back in 2001 !
So in the law as now written , heirs to great wealth face the following situation :
If your ailing mother passes away on Dec. 30 , 2010 , you inherit her estate tax - free .
But if she makes it to Jan. 1 , 2011 , half the estate will be taxed away .
That creates some interesting incentives .
Maybe they should have called it the Throw Momma From the Train Act of 2001 .
And it ’s happening :
At the beginning of 2010 , the Bush estate tax plan is scheduled to change such that all estates , up to any value , are excluded .
Because the tax bill was passed through reconciliation , however , it has a ten - year time frame , meaning that the law expires at the end of 2010 .
And that means that the heirs of fortunes received in 2010 will pay no tax , while heirs getting theirs in 2011 will pay 50 % of the value of the estate to the Internal Revenue Service .
Perhaps you notice the uncomfortable incentive structure here .
The House of Representatives voted at the beginning of December to continue the current year policy into 2010 ; instead of an exclusion for all estates , only those greater than $ 3.5 million in value would be taxed .
That would still leave some bad incentives in place , but it would be better than the current policy path .
That left the Senate , graveyard of sensible policy ideas .
And the Senate has now abandoned its effort to pass the House extension of the estate tax measure .
Democratic senators are saying that they 'll address this early next year and will likely impose the tax retroactively .
We 'll see .
If they do not , there may be a few nervous older people tottering around next year , checking the brake lines on their Cadillacs and generally eyeing their heirs with suspicion .
#
From Paul Krugman 's " Conscience of a Liberal " blog yesterday : Just for the record , the December 16 blogpost Paul K is quoting from above continues :
My FDL News colleague David Dayen has noted : " If the estate tax stays under current law , repealed for one year but back to the pre-Bush levels thereafter , that will recoup , according to the CBO , $ 235 billion dollars more over 10 years than if the House version , which restores 2009 levels for next year and makes it permanent .
Nobody seems to be talking about that , amidst the one - year repeal and the hazards thereto .
" He 's written about this at greater length : Deficit - Conscious White House Approves Of Estate Tax Cut Costing Gov’t $ 230 Billion ?
Labels : Economist , estate tax , Paul Krugman
Following up on a visit from FBI officials about an eyewitness account
Michigan attorney Kurt Haskell described the visit in comment sections across MLive on Wednesday .
Haskell and his wife , Lori , were aboard Flight 253 when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to destroy the plane .
They say another man tried to help Abdulmutallab board the plane in Amsterdam .
Haskell had two detailed posts in two different stories .
Here is Part One ,
( Nothing below in the indent has been changed .
Only links have been added . ) :
In Part 1 we noted that 2009 had produced some really good music .
In Part 2 we explained that the past year had given us some really great music .
Today , though , we take an unprecedented step , because a few of the platinum - level releases from 2k9 were simply a cut above the rest , necessitating the creation of a Super - Platinum LP award .
But that ’s okay – if artists keep cranking out more exceptional music than we have categories to deal with , we ’ll keep inventing new ways of honoring their efforts .
IAMX – Kingdom Of Welcome Addiction
Darkness ?
Yeah , Chris Corner knows a thing or two about darkness , and in Kingdom Of Welcome Addiction he ’s kind enough to escort us through a blasted , perversely alluring landscape of addiction , lust , self - loathing , sexual degeneracy , spiritual poverty and alienation that ’s about as dark as it gets .
And the landscape is distinctly British in a way that recalls perhaps the greatest portrait of England ever painted , TS Eliot ’s The Waste Land .
Kingdom … is the modern - day degradation that Eliot would certainly have written about were he alive today ( and brave enough to venture into the nightlife and the underground ) , told in a brutally honest first - person by a narrator who is addicted to the underbelly .
It ’s fun to think that , were he alive , Eliot would be IAMX , but perhaps not – in order to produce Kingdom Of Welcome Addiction one would have to go native , and Corner spends the entire disc wandering down alleys that would make someone as straight and uptight as Eliot wet himself .
Musically , Kingdom … throbs and pulses , a seductive , haunted , hypnotic melange of electropop , trip - hop ( Corner was originally a member of Sneaker Pimps ) , neo - post - punk , darkbeat , goth and cabaret .
While the overall effect is n’t exactly warm and inviting , it is , well , addicting , and that is perhaps the point .
Corner draws you in , even as you resist , like the rat that has made the fatal mistake of looking into the cobra ’s eyes .
I do n’t expect that everyone is going to like IAMX , but its depth , power and brute frankness are impossible not to respect .
Jets Overhead – No Nations
I try to be an enlightened human being , but every once in awhile I can’t help wanting to haul a reviewer out behind the barn for a good nard - stomping .
Such is the case with AMG ’s take on No Nations , Jets Overhead ’s stunning 2009 release .
Said reviewer damns with faint praise from the first word to the last , leaving the unwitting reader with the impression that JO has presented us with a nice little record , and nothing more .
Well , they ’re right , to a point .
This is a very nice record .
It ’s pretty , soothing , meticulously crafted : “ Not a note is out of place , no voices are raised , the tempos are firmly set at mid , and the general feel is that of a meandering stroll along a winding country lane . ”
All true .
What AMG fails to grasp , however , is that all this niceness belies a masterful artistic control and a spiritual depth , a confident questing voice that seeks to speak without disturbing the organic quietude of a forest in a light rain .
Yeah , I ’m inserting my own imagery here , but No Nations pretty much invites the listener to do just that – here , we ’ve created this lush , beautiful aural space for you ; come in and make yourself at home .
No Nations also suggests a trajectory for the band ’s musical growth .
Their last disc , Bridges ( my CD of the Year for 2006 ) , was marvelous , but it was also steeped in a ’60s California sound that would have seemed gimmicky and limiting had it returned for an encore .
Instead , Jets Overhead here treats us to a sonic backdrop that feels contemporary even when they ’re relying on electric pianos that signify the 1970s more than the 2000s .
All in all , No Nations illustrates why Jets Overhead is one of the best bands alive right now , whether certain reviewers get it or not .
Adam Marsland – Go West
On the surface Go West sounds like a remarkably catchy and accomplished collection of guitar pop gems displaying influences ranging from Elton John to Todd Rundgren to The Beach Boys , with the occasional dash of jazz and techno eclectica tossed in for flavor ( to say nothing of a Stevie Wonder - meets - P
Funk show - stopper early on in the second disc ) .
And rest assured , even if you did n’t understand a lick of English , this would still be one of the best Power Pop CDs you ’ve heard in years based solely on the five - star tunesmithing and flawless performances .
The thing is , unlike so much of what emanates from SoCal these days , Go West is about a lot more than the surface .
Listen closely – the sunny sheen of the songscraft is undergirded by a lyrical substance that occasionally veers into the dread - serious : take Marsland ’s observations on subjects like honesty , self - obsession , and especially dysfunctional family life ( “ 1 in 4 ” will send you running for the shower ) .
Marsland has always been a thoughtful songwriter , but on Go West he strikes deftly at the essence of real human relationships in a way that we simply do n’t expect from the pop underground genre .
Marsland is n’t a household name , but he should be – he ’s been cranking out smart , engaging music for years ( first with Cockeyed Ghost , and now as a solo artist ) .
And with Go West he ’s produced that defining moment album , the work that marks the pinnacle of an already outstanding career .
The only shame of it is that he ’ll now have this epic looming over him every time he pens a new song or heads into the studio .
Still , as curses go , “ enduring 5 - star masterpiece ” is tolerable …
Silversun Pickups – Swoon
There ’s no doubt that SSPU are disciples of Smashing Pumpkins – there are moments where you ’d swear that Swoon was the Pumpkins reunited – and their critics will do all they can to reduce SSPU to the status of tribute act .
This is unfair , to say the least , because there are a lot more interesting influences at work than just Billy Corgan .
It would be more accurate to paint the Pickups as a sort of Pumpkins - meets - Shoegaze hybrid , noting the obvious sonic debt owed to Catherine Wheel , My Bloody Valentine and Radiohead , even The Pixies and Sonic Youth .
Swoon manages to convey all the rough edges of these artists , while at the same time adding a layer of distinctly California polish – and while this thin coating of sheen seems to put some folks off ( it ca n’t be authentic if it sounds like they used a real producer , you know ) , there ’s nothing inherently wrong with an extra measure of professionalism , so long as it serves strong songwriting and performances ( instead of masking weak songs and a lack of talent – which is kinda what happened when Billy Corgan and Butch Vig sent James Iha and D’Arcy to fetch them a pizza while they did Siamese Dream pretty much by themselves , now that I think about it ) .
Bottom line : these are the fantastic songs , performed with an urgency that gets its hooks into your skin .
If they lack the rawness of Smashing Pumpkins , do n’t sweat it – they more than make up for it in the cathartic fog they learned from those other important influences .
Next : the CD of the Year
Woodworking
Latest articles :
New articles and videos once in a while
Contact me Instagram
In 1925 , one of the most unusual trials in US legal history took place .
Adapted from the original trial transcript by Peter Goodchild .
The Great Tennessee Monkey Trial
Neil Patrick Harris ( Hollywood 's current king of cool and star of How I Met Your Mother ) plays Tennessee teacher John Scopes , and Ed Asner ( ' Lou Grant ' or the voice of Disney Pixar 's latest smash hit ' Up ' , depending on your age ) plays prosecution lawyer William Jennings Bryan in this new version of The Great Tennessee Monkey Trial , adapted from the original trial transcript by Peter Goodchild .
In 1925 , the same year that Franz Kafka 's novel The Trial was first published , this real life case was one of the most unusual trials ever seen in a United States courtroom .
It took place in Dayton , then a small town with a population of less than 2000 , and yet the two lawyers ranged against each other could n't have been higher profile .
Counsel for the Prosecution was three - time Democratic candidate William Jennings Bryan , a Christian Fundamentalist .
For the defence was Chicago lawyer , and declared agnostic , Clarence Darrow , who had recently saved two brutal child killers from the death penalty in a very high profile case .
Earlier that year Tennessee had passed The Butler Act , a law forbidding anyone " to teach any theory that denies the Story of the Divine Creation of man as taught in the Bible , and to teach instead that man has descended from a lower order of animals . "
In other words , the teaching of evolution was outlawed .
In the stifling heat of July , 1925 , and in a courtroom hung with banners proclaiming ' Read Your Bible Daily ' , 24 year old John Scopes , a part time teacher , stood trial .
A BBC / Cymru Wales production , directed by Kate McAll .
SHIPPING UPDATE !!!
Any ( non-Topatoco ) shirts you order from the HE Store now will absolutely not arrive by Dec. 24th .
I just want to be clear about that .
The goal is to have every US shirt ordered by Dec 4th arrive by Dec. 24th .
That ’s what the shipping deadline says on the order page and everyone involved is doing their best to make that promise a reality .
There is a possibility that some of the shirts ordered late on Dec 4th will not arrive by Dec. 24th .
Any shirt orders ( this applies to ALL HE SHIRTS THAT ARE NOT SHIPPED FROM TOPATOCO ) placed after Dec 4th probably will not arrive by Dec. 24th .
The Edward shirt orders were simply unexpected and overwhelming , hence the early cut off for holiday shipping .
Thanks !
Now that Josh and I are essentially a new species , I ’ll give you one guess as to who tries to initiate the mating ritual .
Star Trek Voyager fans will recognize this comic as an homage to what may be the stupidest episode they ever produced , “ Threshold . ”
That ’s the one where in between court marshalls , demotions and time in the brig , Tom Paris realizes he ’s the greatest genius who ever lived and develops a method for traveling faster than Warp 10 .
Unfortunately the main side effects of existing simultaneously in all points in space and at every point in time past , present or future is kickstarting your own personal evolution into high gear , and a bad case of acid reflux .
Naturally humans evolve into scabby , tongueless monsters and eventually into catfish - faced nematodes .
Non-Voyager fans can enjoy the fact that Real Life Josh did install an SSD into his Macbook Pro and now it instantly dual - boots into our dimension and 7 others , and the battery level indicator has stopped counting down all together and eventually started counting up .
Right now instead of a percentage remaining it just keep flashing prime numbers .
I think it ’s attempting to communicate .
So many add - ons , so little time
On Dec. 8 , Google finally released a repository of extensions for Google Chrome .
Chrome extensions numbered at more than 300 on launch day .
As a beta project , extensions come with a few caveats from Google .
For the moment , Google is only supporting extensions in its latest beta version of Chrome , so if you prefer the official , stable browser , you 'll have to forgo add - on tools for now .
Interestingly , the version of Chrome that supports extensions , dubbed " the Beta Channel " version , is only available on XP and Vista , not Windows 7 , though Google has promised that extensions will soon be available for Google 's new Mac version of Chrome , too .
In the meantime , Google Subnet blogger Julie Bort has scoured the extension library to come up with the ones that she thinks will boost your productivity at work .
But she could n't stop there .
She added a few that are just plain fun , too .
The truth is not out there : MoD shuts UFO department after 50 years
The Ministry of Defence has closed its UFO investigation unit , it was revealed today .
A hotline and email address for the public to report strange sights in the skies to the military were quietly shut down on December 1 .
Is anyone out there ?
The MOD has moved the employee who dealt with UFO reports to another post
The MoD said it had received thousands of reports of UFOs over more than 50 years , but none revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the UK or substantial proof of the existence of extra-terrestrials .
It justified the decision to axe the X Files - style unit by saying there was no ' defence value ' in investigating the sightings .
This picture taken in Tonbridge , Kent , has been described as the best UFO picture taken in the UK .
It was snapped in June 2002
The officer who dealt with UFO reports has been moved to another post , saving £ 44,000 a year .
Past military files on UFOs will continue to be released by the National Archives .
In a statement , the MoD said : ' The MoD has no opinion on the existence or otherwise of extra- terrestrial life .
' However , in over 50 years , no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom .
' The MoD has no specific capability for identifying the nature of such sightings .
There is no defence benefit in such investigation and it would be an inappropriate use of defence resources . '
An MoD spokesman added : ' Our resources are focused on the top priority - the frontline in Afghanistan .
' Any legitimate threat to the UK 's airspace will spotted by our 24/7 radar checks and dealt with by RAF fighter aircraft . '
One UFO expert said the MoD 's move seemed a ' logical step ' at a time when it was having to justify every penny it spent .
Dr David Clarke , a lecturer in journalism at Sheffield Hallam University , said : ' I 'm obviously disappointed because I think , hidden within all the noise , is interesting material .
' But people have got to be realistic , and when you 've got the families of soldiers fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan saying they have n't got the kit they need , collecting reports of funny lights seen in the sky can't be seen as a priority .
' Hopefully in the future it wo n't be the military that looks into these things - it should be scientists or other people who have got the time to do it .'
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
A controversial amendment to allow bankruptcy judges to modify mortgages so homeowners can avoid foreclosure will be voted on as part of sweeping bank reform legislation under consideration by the full House .
The House Rules Committee on Thursday , which is charged with deciding which provisions can be attached to major legislation under consideration on the House floor , cleared a vote by the full chamber on dozens of provisions including the so - called " cram - down " measure to enable bankruptcy courts to reset mortgage terms .
" It 's going to be contentious , " said House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , D - Mass . , after being questioned about whether he believes it will pass .
The cram - down measure , which was introduced by Rep. John Conyers , D - Mich. , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , would allow bankruptcy courts to extend repayment periods , reduce interest rates and fees and adjust the principal balance of mortgages so homeowners can avoid foreclosures .
Conyers argued that cram - down was necessary because the existing administration mortgage modification program has proven to be " woefully inadequate . "
However , Frank argued that a key lobby group , the Independent Community Bankers of America , which represents small banks , would turn against the bank reform bill if cram - down was included in the bill .
Lawmakers are in the midst of three days of consideration on the financial regulatory reform bill that is already 1,279 - pages long .
The rules committee reviewed 238 proposed amendments before clearing 36 measures for consideration on the floor after rejecting dozens of GOP proposals .
Votes are expected on amendments that would make it easier for investors to file lawsuits against credit raters , impose stringent post - Enron accounting regulations on small corporations and a measure requiring the Government Accountability Office to audit the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet within two years .
The legislative package already includes new fees , leverage limits and other restrictions on ' too - big - to - fail ' institutions , legislation to audit the Federal Reserve and investor protection regulations .
See bank reform story .
Consumer protection
Lawmakers will also vote on a provision from Rep. Walt Minnick , D - Idaho , to create a controversial Consumer Financial Protection Council that is a significantly weaker alternative than the bill 's Consumer Financial Protection Commission .
The consumer commission would write rules and enforce them for mortgages and credit card products .
The proposed council measure , which is supported by the U.S. Chamber , would keep existing regulators in place but coordinate between them to write consumer protection rules .
" I think we 're going to beat it [ the Minnick measure ] , but it 's a real test , " Frank said .
" A Consumer Protection Agency is a number one priority for all consumer advocacy groups . "
Consumer groups oppose the measure .
" The intent of the Minnick amendment is to kill real consumer protection , " said consumer advocate Ed Mierzwinski , director at U.S. Public Interest Research Group .
SOX is back ?
Legislation introduced by Rep. Paul Kanjorski , D - Penn. , that would void a measure permanently exempting smaller public corporations from outside audits of their internal controls was also cleared for a vote on the House floor .
Largely due to GOP support , the House Financial Services Committee in November approved a provision exempting corporations with $ 75 million in market capitalization from a rule implemented as part of the post - Enron Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
At issue is a provision that would require an outside auditor to declare that the company 's internal controls over financial reporting are correct .
Mid-size and larger corporations are required to obtain the outside attestation already .
However , the Securities and Exchange Commission has periodically extended the deadline for when small public companies must comply with the section , responding to complaints from small businesses about the related costs .
Under current rules , small companies have to comply with the rule for fiscal years that end on or after June 15 , 2010 .
" Internal control plays an important role in protecting a business 's resources and can help reduce the risk of fraud , " said Center for Audit Quality Executive Director Cindy Fornelli .
Fornelli said she supported Kanjorski's effort to restore the provision .
Fed audit -- expedited
A series of measures introduced by Rep. Michael Burgess , R - Texas , were also cleared for a vote on the House , including a provision that would require the Government Accountability Office to conduct an audit of the Federal Reserve 's monetary policy as well as how much the central bank has lent and will lend to specific banks within two years of when the legislation was approved .
The House Financial Services Committee in November approved a Fed audit bill introduced by Rep. Ron Paul , R - Texas .
More changes to be considered
A variation on a controversial measure introduced by Rep. Melissa Bean , D - Ill , seeking to give federal regulators greater power over states when imposing consumer - protection restrictions was included in the base bank reform legislation .
" If a particular consumer issue is not addressed by a federal regulator , the state could step in based on the measure , " said Rep. Ed Perlmutter , D - Colo. , a member of rules committee .
" It gives the federal regulator a little more ammunition to preempt the state , but the state regulator can fill a vacuum . "
Credit rating agencies also were targeted by lawmakers .
A variation of a measure introduced by Rep. Brad Sherman , D - Calif. , that would alter the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 to make it easier for investors to file lawsuits against credit rating agencies , was also included in the broad bank reform package .
The measure would lower the liability standard for credit rating agencies from " knowingly or recklessly , " to " gross negligence . "
However , based on the measure , the plaintiff investor has the burden to prove that the rating agency acted in gross negligence , Sherman said in an interview .
" The goal of this measure is to put the fear of god in the credit rating agencies so they might think twice before giving AAA ratings to problem securities , " Sherman said .
Lawmakers also made adjustments to a measure that would exempt banks with $ 10 million or less in assets from a Consumer Financial Protection Commission examiner .
Banks with $ 10 million or less in assets would have their main regulator , such as the Comptroller of the Currency , handle consumer protection exams .
Every U.S. bank already is examined by their main regulator for safety and soundness concerns such as whether they have sufficient capital on hand .
However , for the largest financial institutions , Frank said the provision was changed to give the CFPA the discretion to decide whether it needed to have an examiner directly assigned to mid-sized and larger banks .
The concern is that mid-sized institutions may be hit with overly burdensome onsite examination teams , as the legislation is written , said Perlmutter .
The producer of The Lord of the Rings and The Matrix wants to make a movie about the Prophet ’s life with the cooperation of a Qatari film company .
The making of the film will start in 2011 .
It will be in English and produced by Barry M. Osborne , the producer of unforgettable films such as the Lord of the Rings and the Matrix .
The film will be in congruence with Islamic history and will have a 200 million dollar budget .
Perfect Balance 2
Place your shapes on the fixed objects in such a way that they do n't fall off the screen .
Try to balance diamonds for extra points .
Wait a minute , this can't be true .
In a StudyBlue survey conducted by SurveyU , students went on the record to say that they are much likelier to spend more than three hours studying online each day than participating in any other online activity , such as using Facebook or other social networking sites .
StudyBlue , an online academic network that aims to help students study smarter , used SurveyU 's high school and college student panel to survey about 1,500 students , ages 13 - 24 , about their online study habits .
While we expect students to actively use the web to enrich their study experience , we 're a little surprised that studying won out over social networking .
After all , we use Facebook and Twitter all day long .
The study found that 60 % of students plan to study online three hours longer than doing anything else online , while only 26 % of respondents predicted that they will spend more time online social networking than studying .
Thankfully , 84 % of surveyed students think the web has helped them perform more effectively and efficiently in school , and 54 % have plans to increase their online studying habits this year over previous years .
A few other interesting stats from the survey :
College students are about twice as a likely to plan on spending 3 hours or more a day studying and doing homework online than they plan on going to social network sites ( 26 % ) , communicating ( email , IM , Chatting , etc ... ) ( 28 % ) , or watching TV , Videos and online movies ( 22 % ) College students are more than 6 times as likely to plan on spending 3 hours or more a day studying and doing homework online than they plan on spending playing online games ( 9 % )
College students are three times as likely to plan on spending 3 hours or more a day studying and doing homework online than they plan on reading blogs / news and other content ( 18 % )
On a semi-serious note , however , social media is proving to be an educational resource and utility , so even if students are n't explicitly social networking as much as studying , they are likely using tools with lots of social baked in ( and 3 out of 4 say they " would like a way to connect and share information online with others in their class . " )
In fact , even StudyBule is touting an online service with collaboration tools and an iPhone app .
Clearly , the boundary between online studying and social networking is blurred at best .
But , regardless , we 're a little encouraged to know America 's youth is busy using the web for more constructive purposes than updating their status on Facebook .
A Washington , D.C. plainclothes police officer accused of pulling a gun after his car was pelted during a Twitter - inspired snowball fight in downtown Washington has been placed on desk duty pending an investigation , The Washington Post reports .
Police initially denied any weapon had been displayed until video footage and witnesses indicated otherwise .
See raw video above from WJLA or click here .
The video footage shows that the unidentified officer drew his gun and exchanged angry words with the boisterous crowd after his Hummer was hit by one or two snowballs , the Post said .
The City Paper reports said the police department , after initially denying a weapon was involved , issued a press release saying it had " subsequently received additional images and statements that would seem to support the allegation that the off - duty member did pull a gun " and was now investigating the matter .
The snowball fighters , mostly in their 20s and 30s , organized the " fight " at 14th and U street as a break from a huge snowstorm that had paralyzed the city this weekend .
The Post says 25 - year - old Yousef Ali , a media and technology geek , spent 11 hours using Twitter and other social media to spread the word .
If the final investigation shows the officer pulled his weapon after being pelted with snowballs , D.C. Assistant Chief Pete Newsham , head of the investigative services bureau , said that " would not be a situation in which a member [ of the force ] would be justified , " The Post reports .
" We have to see what the entire circumstance was , " Newsham said Sunday .
" But just a snowball fight , not in my mind .
That does n't seem a situation where we would pull out a service weapon . "
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Post corrected , 12/30 ; 7:29 a.m .
The Paradox Valley in western Colorado may soon have a new plant to process ore from hundreds of new and reopened uranium mines if a Canadian energy company ’s vision of the future comes to pass .
That future seems a little closer with an announcement last Friday by the Colorado Department of Public Health and the Environment that Energy Fuels Inc. had completed its application to build a uranium mill near the town of Nucla , about 220 miles southwest of Denver .
If approved , the Piñon Ridge plant would be the first uranium mill built in the United States in 25 years .
About 85 percent of the uranium used for fuel in the country ’s nuclear plants , which supply roughly 20 percent of the nation ’s energy , is imported , according to the Energy Department .
The state of Colorado says reviewing the application for the plant — which would process up to 1,000 tons of uranium ore a day –- will take 12 to 14 months .
This remote part of Colorado was once an important supplier of uranium for the United States nuclear arsenal during the Cold War .
Since the collapse of the uranium market in the late ‘ 70s , the valley struggled economically .
The health impacts of that first uranium boom continue to linger , say mill opponents , pointing to a study performed in the early 1960s , which showed the death rate from lung cancer of former uranium miners was five times that of the general population .
A critical environmental concern for the proposed mill is the protection of groundwater .
Critics say that the rock formations that tailing ponds are to be built upon are highly porous and faulted , making the risk of groundwater contamination high .
Water use is also a main concern in this arid landscape ; at full capacity , the mill is expected to consume about 300 gallons of water every minute .
In spite of the dissent , mining and milling of uranium in the state has been backed cautiously by Senator Mark Udall and the office of Colorado Gov. Bill Ritter , who sees nuclear energy as a vital piece of the state ’s so - called “ New Energy Economy . ”
“ We ’re confident nuclear power can and will play a greater role in solving this country ’s energy and climate challenges , ” said Evan Dreyer , a spokesman for Governor Ritter , in an e-mail message .
Among the biggest challenges , Mr. Dreyer noted , is “ ensuring that uranium mining and milling is done in a way that does n’t jeopardize the public ’s health or the environment . ”
Southwestern Colorado ’s economic transformation since the bust of the 1970s must also be considered , said Hilary White , director of the Sheep Mountain Alliance , an environmental group based in Telluride , Colo .
A revitalized uranium industry could undercut a burgeoning organic farming movement along the Dolores River , she said , and stifle the millions of dollars brought to the region through tourism , its current economic engine .
“ The stigma that uranium brings is huge , ” Ms. White said .
“ We ’d basically come to be seen as the uranium capital of the U.S. instead of one of its scenic wonders . ”
•
An earlier version of this post incorrectly attributed a quote to Colorado Gov. Bill Ritter .
The quote came from a spokesman for the governor ’s office , Evan Dreyer .
After checking my mail daily hoping to get something , it finally came , and boy was it amazing .
This girl from South Africa , put so much effort into this gift it made my Christmas .
She gave me a full body experience of some of the aspects from South Africa .
She gave me a gift that covered all 5 senses with a still life picture taken a description of the gift on the back .
The message read ,
Dear DigitalMediaMaster
Merry Christmas and all that .
I thought I would send you a Taste of Africa , seeing as taht is wher I 'm from ...
Then I figured why stop there , lets give you a whole sensory experience .
So Enjoy !
- Bounced
Pictures are all my random shots taken in Africa including South Africa , Nambia and Kenya .
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU .
Getty Images
SCAREMONGERING is where defence - planning and politics overlap .
Big military exercises in western Russia and Belarus , which finished earlier this month , were based on the following improbable scenario : ethnic Poles in western Belarus rise up and “ terrorists ” from Lithuania attack the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad .
More than 10,000 troops from Russia and Belarus countered them , reinforcing Kaliningrad from the sea and sending special forces behind the enemy lines .
Three NATO –like brigades , one visiting , one Estonian and one Latvian , then invaded western Russia , where they were successfully rebuffed by the elite Pskov - based 76th air assault division , reinforced by a motorised rifle brigade .
Military exercises need a notional enemy and , from Russia 's point of view , NATO is the obvious choice .
Because the alliance has expanded to Russia 's borders , taking in a dozen ex-communist members over strenuous protests from the Kremlin , it is all the more desirable to send a strong signal .
What is more , Western countries have been urging ( and helping ) Russia 's military forces to become more professional .
That requires practice drills .
The main aim of the Russian exercises may indeed have been to measure progress on military reform , particularly the creation of more Western - style autonomous brigades .
And , plainly , Russia is neither willing nor able to fight a real war with NATO .
Yet the war - games look alarming to neighbours .
They recall that the war in Georgia in August 2008 followed many years of exercises , and they point out that NATO has no formal contingency plans to defend its vulnerable Baltic members .
Nor has the alliance held land drills on the territory of any of its new members .
Indeed , until two years ago NATO 's threat assessments explicitly discounted the idea of conflict with Russia .
Russia faces many security problems within its borders , and its armed forces are still rusty .
It is hard to see why preparing for an implausible armed attack from the West should be a priority ; these days America and its allies have little time to rehearse big - war manoeuvres because their soldiers are too busy fighting , or training to fight , insurgencies in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Similarly , the idea of Lithuanian - based “ terrorists ” invading Russia is risible .
Western military analysts have noted Russia 's use of destroyers and landing craft from the Black Sea and Northern Fleets to back up its feeble Baltic - based naval forces .
They also noted the deployment of Russia 's most advanced S - 400 air defence system in Belarus and a parallel drill conducted by the Strategic Rocket Forces , the guardians of the Kremlin 's nuclear arsenal .
“ The scope of the exercises , the weaponry used , the troops involved and the scenarios rehearsed all indicate unequivocally that Russia is actually rehearsing a full - scale conventional strategic military operation against a conventional opponent , ” says a report by Kaarel Kaas , an analyst at an Estonian security think - tank , the International Centre for Defence Studies .
Dividing the exercise into a northern war - game ( called Ladoga ) and a southern one ( Zapad - 09 ) brought each below the 13,000 - troop threshold at which Russia is obliged to invite outside observers .
Some neighbouring countries were not able to monitor the manoeuvres ( Lithuania , with a handful of observers in Belarus , was an exception ) .
That does not build confidence .
From what outsiders can gather , the performance of Russian forces was patchy .
A joint Belarusian - Russian headquarters worked poorly .
Drones — a big feature of Western armies — seem to have been used mainly for show .
Moving large numbers of troops and equipment around , a weakness during Russia 's war in Georgia , took too long .
Polish , Baltic and other officials will meet in Warsaw shortly to discuss the significance of the exercises .
NATO will assess them next month .
America certainly took careful notes : the USS Cole , a guided - missile destroyer , visited Estonia .
NATO warplanes mounted a modest air exercise .
A planned exercise in the Baltic states next year is likely to be beefed up , perhaps with the involvement of part of NATO 's new mobile Response Force .
Russia 's armed forces may be ramshackle , but many European members of NATO are in poor shape too .
The alliance 's ability to defend the Baltic states depends almost wholly on American involvement .
NATO hawks complain that members such as Germany and Italy are blocking attempts to draw up formal contingency plans for all its members — something that President Barack Obama has demanded .
The doves retort that NATO 's Article 5 , which says that an attack on one member is an attack on the whole alliance , is deterrent enough ; new members who question its worth are hurting their own cause .
Yet easterners are raising their voices in talks about NATO 's new “ strategic concept ” , a document to define its purpose that will be adopted next year .
With NATO focused mostly on the fighting in Afghanistan , they want a clear statement that old - fashioned collective defence of NATO territory is still a priority .
Only that , they say , will convince their voters that , with Russia flexing its muscles nearby , sending troops to Afghanistan is worth it .
N.H. Woman Gets Anthrax , Likely From Drum
A drum circle may have led to a New Hampshire woman 's bout with a rare illness .
Dec. 30 , 2009  --
A New Hampshire woman has developed what may be the nation 's first case of gastrointestinal anthrax , with animal hides on imported drums suspected as the source .
The unidentified woman , now hospitalized out of state , became ill in December .
The New Hampshire Division of Public Health Services made the announcement after the anthrax infection was confirmed .
There have been no other confirmed cases of gastrointestinal anthrax in the United States .
Most reported cases have occurred in rural areas of Africa and southeast Asia where anthrax is endemic .
Officials indicated that the woman may have ingested airborne spores released during a " drum circle " event Dec. 4 at the United Campus Ministry , a religious center on the University of New Hampshire campus in Durham .
The Division of Public Health Services announced Tuesday that three samples taken from the building had tested positive for anthrax spores .
Drum circle events were hosted regularly at the center , where many drums were also stored .
" This new information indicates there is a low level of contamination in the drum room at the Ministry building , " said Dr. Elizabeth Talbot , medical adviser to the division , in a statement .
Investigators from the division and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have not yet determined if they are a genetic match with the woman 's infection .
Many of the drums came from Africa and had animal hide coverings .
Three U.S. cases of cutaneous or inhalational anthrax in 2006 and 2007 were attributed to spores released from imported drums .
The New Hampshire woman was believed to have used a drum with a synthetic fabric head , but spores could have come from other drums used in the event .
Public health officials have offered antibiotics and anthrax vaccinations to anyone who attended recent drum circle events or who worked in the building -- as many as 80 people altogether .
Attendees who brought their own drums from home were also encouraged to contact the division to have them tested .
Coincidentally , New Hampshire was also the site of what may be the largest U.S. outbreak of anthrax .
From 1941 to 1966 , nearly 150 workers at a Manchester textile mill developed inhalational or cutaneous anthrax .
Spores are believed to have entered the mill in raw goat hairs from what is now Pakistan , used in the linings of men 's suit jackets .
A total of nine people died .
The building was eventually razed in 1976 , according to a 2005 report in the Manchester Union Leader .
Combustible materials were incinerated at ultrahigh temperatures and other building components were soaked in formaldehyde , buried , and paved over .
Chart showing emission trends .
Last weekend 's minimalist Copenhagen global climate accord provides a great opportunity .
The old deceitful , ineffectual approach is severely wounded and must die .
Now there is a chance for the world to get on to an honest , effective path to an agreement .
The centrepiece of the old approach was a " cap - and - trade " scheme , festooned with offsets and bribes – bribes that purportedly , but hardly , reduced carbon emissions .
It was analogous to the indulgences scheme of the Middle Ages , whereby sinners paid the Church for forgiveness .
In today 's indulgences the sinners , developed countries , buy off developing countries by paying for " offsets " to their own emissions and providing reparation money for adaptation to climate change .
But such hush money wo n't work .
Yes , some developing country leaders salivated over the proffered $ 100 billion per year .
But by buying in , they would cheat their children and ours .
Besides , even the $ 100 billion hush money is fugacious .
The US , based on its proportion of the fossil fuel carbon in the air today , would owe $ 27 billion per year .
Chance of Congress providing that : dead zero .
Maybe the UK will cough up its $ 6 billion per year and Germany its $ 7 billion per year .
But who will collect Russia 's $ 7 billion per year ?
Most purchased " offsets " to fossil fuel carbon dioxide emissions are hokey .
But there is no need to flagellate the details of this modern indulgences scheme .
Science provides an unambiguous fact that our leaders continue to ignore : carbon dioxide from fossil fuel burning remains in the climate system for millennia .
The only solution is to move promptly to a clean energy future .
The difficulty is that fossil fuels are the cheapest energy , if the price does not include the damage they do to human health , the planet , and the future of our children .
" Goals " for future emission reductions , whether " legally binding " or not , are utter nonsense as long as fossil fuels are the cheapest energy .
The Kyoto Protocol illustrates the deceit of our governments , which have not screwed up their courage to face down the fossil fuel industry .
As the graph here shows , global fossil fuel emissions were increasing 1.5 % per year prior to the 1997 Kyoto accord .
After " Kyoto " emission growth accelerated to 3 % per year .
A few developed countries reduced their fossil fuel use .
The only important effect of that was to slightly reduce demand for fuel , helping to keep its price down .
The fuel was burned in other places , and products made were shipped back to developed countries .
As far as the planet is concerned , agreements to " cap " emissions , such as the Kyoto Protocol and the imagined Copenhagen Protocol , are worthless scraps of paper .
As long as fossil fuels are the cheapest energy , they will be burned somewhere .
This fact helps define a solution to the climate problem .
Yes , people must make changes in the way they live .
Countries must cooperate .
Matters as intractable as population must be included .
Technology improvements are required .
Changes must be economically efficient .
The climate solution necessarily will increase the price of fossil fuel energy .
We must admit that .
But in the end , energy efficiency and carbon - free energy can be made less expensive than fossil fuels , if fossil fuels ' cost to society is included .
The solution must have honesty , backbone and a fair international framework .
We need a rising price on carbon applied at the source ( the mine , wellhead , or port of entry ) .
The fee will affect all activities that use fossil fuels , directly or indirectly .
The entire fee collected from fossil fuel companies should be distributed to the public .
In this fee - and - dividend approach people maintaining a carbon footprint smaller than average will receive more in the dividend than they pay via increased energy costs .
The monthly dividend , deposited electronically in their bank account or on their debit card , will stimulate the economy and provide people with the means to increase their carbon efficiency .
All that governments need do is divide the collected revenue by the number of shares , with half - shares for children , up to two children per family .
Some economists prefer a payroll tax deduction over a dividend , because taxes depress the economy .
The problem is that about half of the public are not on payrolls , because of retirement or involuntary unemployment .
I suggest that at most 50 % of the collected carbon fee should be used for payroll tax deduction .
Cap - and - trade is the antithesis of this simple system .
Cap - and - trade is a hidden tax , increasing energy costs , but with no public dividend .
Its infrastructure costs the public , who also fund the profits of the resulting big banks and speculators .
Cap - and - trade is advantageous only to energy companies with strong lobbyists and government officials who dole out proceeds from pollution certificates to favoured industries .
Fee - and - dividend , in contrast , is a non -tax – on average it is revenue - neutral .
The public will probably accept a rise in the carbon fee rate , because their monthly dividend will increase correspondingly .
As fee - and - dividend causes fossil fuel energy prices to rise , a series of points will be reached at which various carbon - free energies and carbon - saving technologies are cheaper than fossil fuels plus the fee .
The market place will choose the best technology .
As time goes on , fossil fuel use will collapse , coal will be left in the ground , and we will have arrived at a clean energy future .
A rising carbon fee is essential for a climate solution .
But how to achieve a fair international framework ?
The critical requirement is that the United States and China agree to apply across - the - board carbon fees , at a relative rate to be negotiated .
Why would China agree to a carbon fee ?
China does not want to be saddled with the problems that attend fossil fuel addiction such as those that plague the United States .
Besides , China would be hit extraordinarily hard by climate change .
A uniform rising carbon fee is the most economically efficient way for China to limit its fossil fuel dependence .
Copenhagen discussions showed that China and the United States can work together .
Europe , Japan , and most developed countries would very probably agree to a similar status to that of the United States .
Countries refusing to levy an across - the - board carbon fee can be dealt with via an import duty collected on products from that nation in accord with the amount of fossil fuel that goes into producing the product .
The World Trade Organisation already has rules permitting such duties .
The international framework must define how proceeds from import duties are used to assure fairness .
Duties on products from developing countries will probably dwarf present foreign aid to those countries .
These funds should be returned to developing countries , but distributed so as to encourage best practices , for example , improved women 's rights and education that helps control population growth .
Fairness also requires that distribution of the funds takes account of the ongoing impacts of climate change .
Successful efforts in limiting deforestation and other best practices could also be rewarded .
James Hansen was the first scientist to warn the US Congress of the dangers of climate change .
The ideas discussed in this article are expanded on in his new book " Storms of My Grandchildren " .
Today 's show is brought to you by Wacom — makers of the incredible Wacom One !
This week , our friend Erika Moen joins us to talk about one of the most important topics we 've ever covered on ComicLab — Mental health .
EPISODE NOTES
Today 's show is brought to you by Wacom — makers of the incredible Wacom One !
This week , our friend Erika Moen joins us to talk about one of the most important topics we 've ever covered on ComicLab — Mental health .
Coming soon from Erika Moen ...
Drawn to Sex Vol. 2 : Our Bodies and Health .
Have you ever wanted to learn exactly how pregnancy works ?
How about what to expect at your next doctor ’s visit ?
Or even just really understanding what ’s “ down there ” ?
Erika and Matthew are ready to help out with their second book in the Drawn to Sex series .
Have you ever wanted to learn exactly how pregnancy works ?
How about what to expect at your next doctor ’s visit ?
Or even just really understanding what ’s “ down there ” ?
Erika and Matthew are ready to help out with their second book in the Drawn to Sex series .
Let 's Talk About
It : The Teen 's Guide to Sex , Relationships , and Being a Human .
How do you find the answers to all the questions you have about yourself , about your identity , and about your body ?
Let 's Talk About
It provides a comprehensive , thoughtful , well - researched graphic novel guide to everything you need to know .
You get great rewards when you join the ComicLab Community on Patreon
$ 2 — Early access to episodes
Early access to episodes $ 5 — Submit a question for possible use on the show AND get the exclusive ProTips podcast
Submit a question for possible use on the show AND get the exclusive ProTips podcast $ 10 — Record an audio question for possible use on the show AND get the exclusive ProTips podcast
Record an audio question for possible use on the show AND get the exclusive ProTips podcast $ 50 — Sponsor the show !
We ’ll read a brief promo for your comic / product and read it twice during the show AND you get the exclusive ProTips podcast
Brad Guigar is the creator of Evil Inc and the editor of Webcomics.com Dave Kellett is the creator of Sheldon and Drive .
Listen to ComicLab on ...
ComicLab is hosted on Simplecast , helping podcasters since 2013 .
with industry - leading publishing , distribution , and sharing tools .
I ’m writing this from deepsec , where I just finished my talk [ slides ] about dynamic instrumentation .
It was a wrap up of what I did last year with Pin ( malware analysis , unpacking ) and a Javascript deobfuscator I did n’t blog about .
Some of you might be happy to know that the tools are now available at Google code :
Crême Brûlée : Javascript deobfuscation using dynamic instrumentation
Tarte Tatin Tools : my set of pintools for tracing and unpacking ( including an IDA Python script )
As you might guess , the tools are more prototypes than anything else , and I advise you to use them only if you feel really adventurous .
How to remove a broken exhaust manifold stud
By : Jon Steege
This page is about how to remove a broken exhaust or intake manifold stud without damaging your aluminum cylinder head .
Some may say it can't be done with the head on the car , and in some cases , that may be correct .
However , I plan to show how to remove a broken exhaust ( or intake manifold ) stud without a trip to the machine shop and the cost of a new head gasket and headache and all that .
So without further adue , a parts list :
Electric drill
90 degree angle adaptor for electric drill
1x 5/32 cobalt drill bit , Cobalt is the metal it is made of , not the brand .
1x internal pin-type concrete anchor , AKA concrete " Strike Anchor "
a bench grider
1x 5/32 square tapered screw extractor
small hammer
crescent wrench
First of all , some notes about the parts list .
You must have something to drill with , so obviously an electric drill is a neccesity .
Unfortunatly , most electric drills will not fit , so you will need to buy a right angle adapter for the electric drill , pictured below .
You may also be able to substitute a 90 degree angle die grinder if you can find cobalt metal bits that fit it , but in my experience , that is a chore .
Second , the drill bit is of the utmost importance .
Do n't even bother with the wood / metal / all purpose drill bits , because they are just a waste of time .
You want to buy a drill bit that is made of cobalt metal , i.e. the chemistry element cobalt .
Third , you need this particular style of " Strike Anchor " concrete anchor from whatever hardware store you can find :
Fourth , this method may not be possible without a bench grinder .
you may be able to get creative and use something else , but a bench grinder makes life really easy .
Finally , you are gonna need a cheap $ 3 screw extractor .
It is a square pin with serations that bite when turned counter - clockwise .
Procedure :
Our first objective is to make a metal sleeve for the drill bit to ensure that the drill bit goes through the stud and not your cylinder head .
To do this , you need to take the concrete anchor described above , and remove the pin from the center of it , as well as the nut that may or may not be on it .
Then , using a bench grinder , or alternatively , a hack saw , cut the anchor in half .
We just need the top side of the anchor with the threads on it , the bottom side can be discarded .
Next , you need to grind down the outer shell of the anchor until it fits snuggly into the hole of the exhaust manifold .
If you have your exhaust manifold off , now would be a good time to attach it with as many studs as possible that are still intact .
This step is neccesary , because without the exhaust manifold attached , the sleeve we made for the drill bit can not be used .
Below is an example of the sleeve , as well as how we plan to use it :
Next , if you have enough clearance to insert the drill bit into the bit guide we made from the anchor without the bit guide and the bit having to be put on at the same time ( test it out ) then lightly tap the drill bit guide into the exhaust manifold hole where the stud used to go .
If there is not enough clearance to insert the drill bit guide and then the drill bit separately , then simply put the sleeve over the bit and insert both at the same time , being sure that the drill bit guide is a snug fit into the exhaust manifold stud hole .
Now , as long as you are confident that the drill bit guide you made snuggly fits the exhaust manifold stud hole , then this is the moment of truth .
With your 90 degree angle adapter for your drill attached , and the cobalt metal drill bit , with the drill bit guide over the drill bit , make sure once again that the sleeve is inserted snugly into the EM .
If all of those things check out , then start drilling a tiny test hole to verify the drill bit angle .
If the first pilot hole is successful , then set up the rig again and drill a hole through the stud .
This should take no more than about 45 seconds of drilling to get through the stud .
You should feel the drill bit sink in really fast , which will then be your indication that you are through the stud .
At this point , keep the drill rotating in the clockwise ( drilling in ) direction and slowly remove the bit , as this will ensure that the bit does not break in the stud , and also evacuate most of the shavings created going through the stud .
Congratulations , you now have a relatively straight hole through the stud , thanks to the sleeve you constructed .
Now , remove the sleeve and use the screw extractor and the hammer to lightly tap the easy out into the hole we made in the stud .
Once it is securely in the stud , use a crescent wrench to wind the easy out in the counter - clockwise direction .
This is not the time for power tools , because we do n't want the easy out breaking inside the stud .
If you did everything correct , then the broken stud should start to wind its way out .
If you suspect the stud might be rusted in or something , before using the easy out , spray some wd - 40 or rust eater or other penetrating oil into the hole and then come back the next day to do the easy out step .
If all goes well , you should have something that looks like this :
You will notice that in the image above , I managed to drill a nearly perfectly straight hole through the broken portion of the stud , thanks to the sleeve I constructed from the upper portion of the concrete anchor .
I didnt even knick the cylinder head threads at all , and the new stud went in like nothing happened .
This method works only on studs that have broken off inside the head , with no portion exposed to the outside .
Good luck !
Very interesting and lively comment thread on the post about grammar , but I have to say I 'm rather put out by the number of you who say that you do n't care about grammar rules .
I mean , come on .
Are you that way about math (s ) when you balance your checkbooks ?
Every once in a while , 43 minus 25 adds up to 16 or 19 , not 18 , because you just do it by feel ?
There are rules , people !
And stevejones123 : I regret to say that you do not know them .
" My wife Elin " sans comma is not a unit of speech comparable to " Michael Tomasky . "
Just is n't .
And while you 're right about " My darling Clementine , " in that case " darling " is an adjective modifying Clementine , not a phrase in apposition .
We 're going to start a new feature on this blog .
Weekly grammar quiz .
First edition this Friday morning .
Brush up yer Strunk and White .
7 SHARES Share Tweet
[ adsense_id= ” 3 ″ ]
Who has n’t at one point in their life held a grudge against another ?
Sometimes we can hold these grudges for long periods of time and even years leading up until our death .
Of course we may believe we are only acting out of principle , but we are in actuality hurting ourselves .
It may seem like we are coming from a place of dignity and power , but we are only wasting our energy on things that can not be changed .
By not forgiving others we are simultaneously denying ourselves forgiveness for our own mistakes .
This hypocrisy can eat away at our spirit , cripple our ability to do good , and leave us feeling down and empty .
Therefore it is important to address these feelings and find reconciliation .
So someone has hurt you .
You cannot find the heart to forgive them .
The very thought of what they did to you makes you sick to your stomach and you blame them for all the pain and suffering you have experienced because of them .
In the moment , these feelings are rational and commonplace .
It is something all humans inevitably go through .
But – this too shall pass .
Forgiveness is a skill .
And like any other skill it takes concentration and practice to develop .
People have the capacity to do some really wretched and thoughtless acts onto other human beings .
But once this is all said and done it does n’t mean we have to stop living our lives to the fullest .
Forgiveness is the key to moving on and letting go .
You too may recall past acts that have hurt yourself or others .
The best thing about these acts is they are no longer here .
But then why do you still suffer from their consequences ?
It is because you are still carrying all the heavy weight that these experiences first bestowed upon you .
What use do these attachments serve but to drain your energy ?
Imagine if you had the courage to forgive the person who had done this to you .
You would become as light as a feather in the summer breeze .
You are still here alive and breathing .
Time has already healed your wounds .
Your negative thoughts are your ego telling you that you must seek revenge or justice , but you can already find content in what already is .
You can even feel gratitude towards those who have hurt you .
Your memory of their ignorance and ill will can become a well of knowledge for you to draw upon .
You are better and more conscious because of this experience .
Congratulations .
But – as valuable as it may be – it is not enough to simply learn from this experience .
You must also love the person in spite of what they have done .
They may have caused you pain but that is a reflection of their own suffering .
Do n’t pity them , but pray for their salvation .
Send them your good intentions and wish for them to find true happiness .
If it is possible then contact the person and make it clear that you forgive them and that you wish them all the happiness in the world .
You will immediately feel lighter and more free because of this .
If you do n’t have any means of communicating with the person , then meditate or pray on your good intentions .
They will manifest themselves through your thoughts and actions by making you more kind and forgiving of others in the future .
As long as you are alive you are bound to run into other experiences where others might disappoint and hurt you .
Use these opportunities to practice forgiveness .
Through your example , you will teach others how to do the same and make the world a better place .
To me , that is a much more useful and productive way to invest your energy .
“ Give away the stone ,
Let the ocean take and transmutate ,
This cold and fated anchor .
Give away the stone ,
Let the waters kiss and transmutate ,
These leaden grudges into gold . ” – “ The Grudge ” by the alternative rock band Tool
Would you like to buy an indoor ski resort in Dubai ?
Maybe you already have .
Andrew Sorkin makes a good point in today 's column .
The problem of moral hazard is often written off as a problem for " the future , " less important than dealing with a present crisis .
Not so .
The bailouts may have encouraged more lending to other places that were perceived as good bailout prospects .
Groundwater found near the site of the world 's worst chemical industrial accident in Bhopal is still toxic and poisoning residents a quarter of a century after a gas leak there killed thousands , two studies have revealed .
Delhi's Centre for Science and the Environment said that water found two miles from the factory contained pesticides at levels 40 times higher than the Indian safety standard .
In a second study , the UK - based Bhopal Medical Appeal ( BMA ) found a chemical cocktail in the local drinking water – with one carcinogen , carbon tetrafluoride , present at 2,400 times the World Health Organisation 's guidelines .
Around 5,000 people were killed when clouds of toxic gas escaped from Union Carbide 's pesticide plant at midnight on 3 December 1984 .
15,000 more died in the following weeks , and activists say that the disaster is still poisoning a new generation of victims .
The Sambhavna clinic , a charity campaigning in Bhopal , has conducted a survey of 20,000 people and says it has found alarmingly high rates of birth defects .
A preliminary study suggests as many as one child in 25 is born with a congenital defect .
" We are seeing birth defects at 10 times the incidence at national levels , " said Satinath Sarangi , of the Sambhavna clinic .
" The government have been trying to say that the factory is safe and open for the public to tour it .
But these results show how polluted the site has become . "
Earlier studies have also pointed out that boys who were either exposed as toddlers to gases from the Bhopal pesticide plant or born to exposed parents were prone to " growth retardation " .
Survivors in Bhopal have received meagre compensation : most of them got a Rs 25,000 cheque ( £ 310 ) for a lifetime of suffering caused by damage to their lungs , liver , kidneys and the immune system .
Mohini Devi , 52 , spent three months in hospital after inhaling the gas .
For 25 years she has had difficulty breathing and suffered shooting pain through her abdomen .
Her children have all been affected – one died from " gas complications " 15 years ago .
" My real worry is my grandchildren .
Already some have been born without eyes .
Why is nobody doing anything for us ? " she said .
In Bhopal the legacy of the city 's night of death is there for all to see .
The disused Union Carbide factory remains a rusty symbol of bureaucratic indifference , legal actions and rows over corporate responsibility .
Not only did the government wind up research into the after effects of the poison gas in 1994 , it failed to gather evidence of culpability in the case against the US company .
Campaigners say the site now contains about 8,000 tonnes of carcinogenic chemicals that continue to leach out and contaminate water supplies used by 30,000 local people .
Union Carbide says it is no longer responsible for the factory and pointed out it has already made a settlement of $ 470 m ( £ 284 m ) .
The company 's chief executive at the time , Warren Anderson , was briefly arrested after the leak 25 years ago but was released and fled India .
He has been declared " untraceable " by Indian consular authorities although his address in a New York suburb is publicly listed .
The Indian government has also drawn fire for trying to pass the disused factory off as a tourist spot – with local politicians last month proposing to build a Hiroshima - like memorial there depicting a detailed account of the disaster .
Adding insult to injury , India 's environment minister , Jairam Ramesh mocked activists on a visit to the city by picking up a fistful of waste and saying " see , I am alive " .
Sarangi says the government has been trying to tempt Union Carbide 's successor , Dow Chemical , back to India and to secure $ 1bn of investment .
In return , say campaigners , the government plans to let Dow evade its responsibility to clean up the Bhopal plant site .
" This is all about the money .
Politicians in India would rather do this than fight for people who suffered , " Sarangi said .
The new cartoon was actually planned for Valentine´s Day but I had so much to do that I wasn´t able to finish it before today .
I`m really sorry , that I can´t update as much as I want to .
On the plus side , I will be published in a German cartoon anthology book in March by a big publisher .
And one of my cartoons will be used by a big American publishing company for one of their German language course books .
The book will be released in January 2012 .
It `s funny and strange at the same time to imagine one of my cartoons being used to help people on the other side of the world to learn German ...
Q : We keep reading about caves under the city that interfere with building plans such as Constellation , the courthouse square and possibly the jail .
Is there a map of all these caves , and is it available online free ?
A : There is a map of the caves , said Bill Torode , librarian for the National Speleological Society , but it is n't for public access .
He said there are two caves under this area .
One is directly under downtown and is called Big Spring Cave .
It ’s an aquifer cave , meaning when you drill down , you hit water .
It ’s where most of the northern part of the city gets its water , Torode said .
There ’s only one natural opening to the cave , which is on Greene Street .
Torode said the entrance is covered , though , and it ’s not an entrance people can use .
The opening drops straight down into water , making it unsafe .
“ There ’s a lot of water , and it ’s fairly deep in places , ” Torode said .
The city allows the cave club “ to go in from time to time ( because ) they inspect the cave for the city for pollution or any kind of collapse . ”
The National Speleological Society is based in Huntsville and its office is located on Cave Avenue off Pulaski Pike , the home of the other cave under Huntsville .
Got a question ?
Submit it to askus@htimes.com or phone it in to 536 - 8255 .
Include your name , hometown and phone number .
Ask Us now appears every Monday and Wednesday in The Huntsville Times .
Have you ever been interested in knowing what the best selling game of all time is , the longest time a person has spent entrenched in an MMO , or how big the world 's largest Pokemon collection is ?
2010 's Guinness World Records 2010 Gamer 's Edition has the answers to these hard - hitting questions , and we were able to get our hands on an advance copy of the book .
Here are some juicy facts to sink your teeth into until the self - proclaimed " gaming bible " hits coffee tables :
Biggest Selling Video Game of All Time : Wii Sports , with over 46 million sold
Highest Grossing Video Arcade of All Time : NBA Jam , making $ 1 billion in its first year
Longest Time Spent Playing an MMORPG : Sara Lhadi logged 16,799 hours grinding away in Runescape ( Runescape ! ? ) between November 2004 and October 2009 ( I guess she has n't stopped ) .
That 's nearly 700 days , which is nearly two solid years of game time !
Also , that averages out to 9 hours 20 minutes a day .
Largest Collection of Pokemon Memorabilia : 12,113 unique Poke - things make up UK - resident , Lisa Courtney 's real life Pokedex .
Most Popular Puzzle Game of the Century :
This one goes to Bejeweled , which is likely sitting in your pocket as we speak .
The game accounts for about one - third of PopCap 's 1 billion game downloads .
Puzzle game of the Century , eh ?
I though that the Rubik 's Cube or jigsaw puzzle might have put up a better fight .
Most Recognizable Video Game Character : Mario ?
Sonic ?
Mega Man ?
Nope , it 's Namco 's very own Pac - Man. 94 percent of American consumers recognize the pellet - gobbler , edging out Nintendo 's plumber by just one percent .
Number 1 Video Game Series ( As Voted By Readers ) : Halo .
13,079 Guinness enthusiasts participated in an online poll of the top 50 game series , marking Master Chief 's series as supreme champ .
What do you think about these little bits of trivia ?
Any surprises ?
Anybody interested in dropping the $ 14.99 for the full book when it releases on January 4 ?
Kid almost manages to kill himself playing with fire .
Watching too much Jackass may be harmful to your health ...
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Comedian Katt Williams was a guest -- not a burglar -- at the Georgia home he is now accused of breaking into with a crowbar , his lawyer told CNN .
The house , on a horse farm in rural west Georgia , is owned by record producer Barry Hankerson , according to the police report .
Williams has been living in the Coweta County , Georgia , home for nearly a month while filming a movie produced by Hankerson , attorney William Briggs said .
Williams , 38 , was arrested early Monday after an employee of Hankerson 's -- Daniel Paul Broach -- called police and reported Williams had broken into the home with a crowbar , the police report said .
A Coweta County magistrate set bail at $ 40,000 in a hearing Monday afternoon , which lawyers were working to post , Briggs said .
The police report said about $ 3,500 in jewelry and collectable coins were stolen , which his lawyer said " we absolutely deny . "
" Mr. Williams wears more than that in jewelry on his person , " Briggs said .
Briggs said Williams argued with the employee , prompting the burglary report .
Hankerson spoke with investigators Monday afternoon to assure them Williams had his permission to stay indefinitely in the home he was accused of burglarizing , Briggs said .
Alan Clarke , the Georgia lawyer who presented Williams in court , said Williams ' bond papers were being prepared .
" The community and law enforcement have been very welcoming and kind to him , " Clarke said .
" This is a misunderstanding which will work out quickly . "
Williams smiled broadly while posing for a mug shot photo at the Coweta County jail early Monday .
Williams began his career as a stand - up comic , gaining attention in 1999 for comedy club appearances .
Television appearances on the BET Network led to more success .
His 2006 HBO special " Katt Williams : Pimp Chronicles Pt.1 " raised his profile to a higher level .
He has acted in several movies -- including Eddie Murphy 's " Norbit " -- and he is the voice of popular cartoons -- including " The Boondocks . "
His often raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend Richard Pryor .
His most recent CD release is " It 's Pimpin ' Pimpin ' , " according to his Web site .
Williams ' was hospitalized in South Carolina in November 2008 .
His publicist at the time said it was for fatigue following a grueling road tour .
CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and Alan Duke contributed to this report .
Ron Edwards has a damn good summary of the behaviors I ’ve labeled Abused Gamer Syndrome in the past ( also , “ My Guy Syndrome ” )
That viewpoint toward “ play my character ” is what I was referencing with the problematic term “ traditional . ”
I ’ll try to summarize it as follows , based on my own experiences .
– Play optimally concerning character survival .
The game system is perfectly capable of killing your character , and at least some GMs are invested in making this happen or in not doing anything to prevent it .
– Play optimally concerning your own ego .
The GM is very invested in making his story happen , and if your character needs to be overly gullible or stupid for the story to work ( often the case ) , then the GM will take him over and make him that way , making you look stupid and basically stripping you , personally , of social and creative power at the table .
Such a GM is not a player - killer like the ones I mentioned in # 1 , but in some ways , he ’s worse !
If “ play my character ” is construed from these parameters , it results in the following tactics ( I ’ve stated them a little bit extremely ) :
a . Come up with as colorful a concept as possible , preferably somewhat irrational , so that you can carry out the following safety - measures from “ in character ” and blame the character for “ making ” you role - play in this way .
b. Safety - measure – treat all GM characters as hostile , treacherous , and of no emotional importance whatsoever .
c. Safety - measure – avoid rolling the dice or otherwise engaging in the resolution mechanics as much as possible .
d. Safety - measure – create as much minor strife or minor friendship for your character with the other player - characters as you can , because such interactions carry no risk , take up time
Those of us who actually have shed their blood and sweat in the sandbox have a hard time with chickenhawk Republicans .
Tom Tancredo on WikiPedia :
I briefly met Markos Moulitsas at Netroots Nation , so I had not formed much of an opinion of him .
After watching this , I can report that he ’s an impressive debater who does not sufferor the hypocritical .
Via GottaLaff at Political Carnival
“ Poltroon ” and “ movement conservative ” are two terms that come to mind while reading that bio .
His career has been all about the deconstruction of the Department of Education and the system of American public education ; now , thanks to my fellow Army vet , his smaller - government agenda for the Department of Veterans Affairs has been laid bare .
Tancredo ’s idea of replacing veterans health services with vouchers does not appeal to a majority of veterans .
Indeed , the other night I sat in on a telephone town hall with Representative Parker Griffith ( D - AL ) , bluest of Blue Dogs .
Here are the problems identified by random veterans in a very red state : we ca n’t find jobs , have trouble starting small businesses , and ca n’t afford insurance for our families .
Several callers were having trouble getting their claims through the VA system — which is no surprise .
Dr. Griffith is a military veteran as well as a physician who has treated countless veterans .
During the call , he said “ the VA has always been underfunded . ”
That ’s certainly true , but this decade has been a disaster for veterans .
Aside from the Walter Reed debacle ( the wages of privatization ) , Bush cut personnel in the claims processing department when there was already a massive backlog of claims and a huge , new wave of combat injuries coming down the pipeline .
The GOP Congress did n’t even address this until 2005 .
Even today , the best answer Republicans can come up with is to automate claims processing — which sounds good until you realize that the Department of Defense and the Veterans Administration do n’t talk to each other .
As Congressman Griffith observed in the call , this problem wo n’t go away until the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of Veterans ’
Affairs do something about it .
The problem , then , is in the executive branch — not Congress .
“ As veterans get further and further from the conflict in which they served , they get less and less attention , ” Griffith said .
Millions of American veterans have a forest ’s worth of paper documentation from their years in the military and in the VA system .
Indeed , disappearing paperwork is a perennial problem for vets , and the backlog of claims got so large that in 2008 desperate VA employees were caught shredding paperwork instead of processing it .
That is the Republican formula for government and the chickenhawk ’s way of thanking veterans for their service .
As the wingnutosphere erupts over Markos ’ impolitic deconstruction of a party hack , bear in mind what smaller government actually means for America ’s heroes .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The good news for merchants is that more Americans this year turned out to bag Thanksgiving weekend deals than last year .
The bad news , however , is that shoppers on average spent less on their purchases compared to a year ago .
For nervous sellers , it 's next about Cyber Monday , or the online retail world 's version of Black Friday , when millions of people take a few minutes at work to surf the Web to score " doorbuster " - like deals from e-tailers .
About 195 million people shopped in stores and online between Thanksgiving and Sunday , up from 172 million a year ago for the same four - day period , the National Retail Federation ( NRF ) said Sunday .
But average spending over the weekend dropped to $ 343.31 per person from $ 372.57 a year ago .
Total retail spending for the holiday weekend was about $ 41.2 billion , the group said in a report , up marginally from $ 41 billion last year .
Despite scenes of filled parking lots throughout Black Friday , total sales for the day were just slightly improved over last year .
And to illustrate how bargain conscious shoppers were , the NRF said the percentage of shoppers who were at the stores by 5 a.m. Friday was 31.2 % , up sharply from 23 .
" While retailers are encouraged by the number of Americans who shopped over Black Friday weekend , they know they have their work cut out for them to keep people coming back through Christmas , " NRF president and CEO Tracy Mullin said in a statement .
In a surprising trend , department stores beat out discounters as the destination of choice over the weekend .
Nearly half , 49.4 % , of holiday shoppers visited at least one department store over the weekend , a 12.9 % increase from last year , the group said .
About 43.2 % of gift buyers headed discounters like Wal - Mart and Target stores .
Electronics stores , clothing chains and grocery stores also attracted crowds , the report said .
Sales with a click
It was a stronger picture for Internet retailing .
Web - based purchases totalled $ 595 million on Black Friday , up 11 % from a year ago , making Friday the second heaviest online spending day so far this year , according to a report Sunday from research firm ComScore .
Online shopping will garner more attention Monday -- the so - called Cyber Monday -- when many Americans will troll for deals on the Internet .
The NRF estimates that 96.5 million Americans plan to shop on Cyber Monday this year , up from 85 million in 2008 .
The group said 88.2 million Americans will shop from home on Monday but plenty of consumers - an estimated 13.5 million - will also look to lock in deals during their workday .
Most retailers who sell online will have special Cyber Monday deals that include one - day sales and free shipping on all purchases .
Despite the hype associated with Cyber Monday , industry experts say the busiest online shopping day tends to be in December , and is the last day that gifts can be shipped to guarantee deliver by Christmas Day .
Among the hot items with strong online sales Friday were the Tom Tom GPS systems , Kodak digital cameras and the Nintendo Wii , according to credit card fraud prevention company Retail Decisions .
The company said the busiest single minute for sales Friday was 12:59 p.m. ET , when $ 5.6 million in products were sold -- a 121 % increase from the same time last year .
A survey by a Web performance company , Keynote Competitive Research , said that while all sites experienced slowdowns on Black Friday , there were fewer outages overall than last year .
Among the sites it said were the best performing were those of Wal - Mart , Sears , Barnes & Noble and Victoria 's Secret , and the online - only sites Overstock.com and Newegg.com .
Under control
Although Black Friday seemed to be missing the usual mayhem associated with it , the good news for merchants was that shoppers eagerly spent money on toys , cashmere sweaters , Snuggie blankets and gadgets at juicy discounts .
" What I 've noticed so far is that [ consumer ] traffic is on par with last year , but people are buying more , " said Marshal Cohen , chief retail analyst with market research firm NPD Group .
Compared to previous years , Cohen said the Black Friday atmosphere appeared to " be more tame . "
Wal - Mart , which saw Black Friday 2008 tainted by the death of a temporary worker in a shopper stampede in Valley Stream , N.Y. , said the day passed without much incident -- although a.store in Upland , Calif. , was forced to shut its doors after shoppers got a bit too rowdy .
" We 've heard of a few scuffles among customers , but overall it has been a very safe event , " a Wal - Mart spokesman said .
Toy story
One closely watched sector during the season is toys .
Zhu Zhu , the electronic pet hamster , was flying off shelves at Toys R Us and emerged as the frontrunner for this year 's must - have toy .
( Black Friday shoppers hear the call of Zhu Zhu )
Toys R
Us , the nation 's leading specialty toy retailer , opened its stores at midnight on Thanksgiving .
CEO Gerald Storch told CNNMoney.com that about 1,000 people lined up on average at his company 's stores .
In addition to Zhu Zhu , Storch said other hot sellers included Princess Tiana dolls , from the new Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) animated movie " The Princess and the Frog , " as well as video games and crafts products such as the Paperoni 3 - D picture set .
The retailer has been aggressive in price cutting this season as it does battle with discounters Wal - Mart and Target .
" History has shown that economic downturns are a great time for those who are aggressive , so we 're very aggressive this year , " Storch said .
Jim Fielding , president of Disney Store Worldwide , said Black Friday was a big day for his company 's 205 U.S. retail stores .
He said hot sellers were toddler dolls , classic dolls , Buzz and Woody action figures from " Toy Story " and $ 10 plush toys .
" I would say that shoppers are focused on value , " said Fielding .
" But you could find value at $ 10 or at $ 50 . "
This year , more retailers opened their stores at midnight instead of the typical 5 a.m. Black Friday openings .
Fielding said the extra pre-dawn hours of business worked for Disney stores .
" We 're able to better manage the demand and spread [ customer ] traffic throughout the day , " he said .
" This may not become the norm for Black Friday for all retailers , but I think we will continue to be committed to it for the foreseeable future . "
Tough challenge for merchants
The day after Thanksgiving is dubbed " Black Friday " because it traditionally marks the day of the year when retailers finally move out of the red , indicating losses , and into the black , representing profits .
But despite the hype surrounding Black Friday as the " unofficial " start to holiday gift shopping , it 's not the busiest shopping day of the year .
That day invariably is the Saturday before Christmas , which is Dec. 19 this year .
Still , for retailers , November and December are crucial sales months because the combined period can account for half , or more , of their sales and profits for the full year .
Although retailers know that they 're facing an uphill battle to grow sales amid a tepid spending environment , the hope is that this year 's holiday season will at least be an improvement from the previous year .
The NRF expects holiday sales to decline 1 % versus a 3.4 % drop in holiday sales the previous year .
The group maintains that even though many Americans have had a year to adjust to the recession , continued job losses and stagnant income growth are forcing many consumers to restrain their shopping impulses and shop only for necessities .
-- CNNMoney.com staff writer Aaron Smith contributed to this report .
Jon Stewart , Pwned ! ( by Jon Stewart ) BPSDB
I was rereading Brad Johnson ’s article about the Jon Stewart non-interview with Levitt of Superfreakonomics infamy when I realized that one of the links he provides is the Stewart interview on Crossfire …
Ouch , nasty , but so apropos .
It brings up a couple of points worth mentioning in regard to the Levitt interview , so here is the Crossfire transcript , and here is the Crossfire interview :
Two points about the interview
1 ) Stewart is both clear and ruthless about how the failure of investigative journalism is damaging to society .
“ …it ’s not so much that it ’s bad , as it ’s hurting America … Right now , you ’re helping the politicians and the corporations . …
You are partisan , what do you call it , hacks … “
2 ) Carlson and Begala do challenge Stewart that he is no better , citing his interview with Kerry .
Stewart responds that if they wish to compare themselves to a comedy show , that was fine with him .
A number of people have made a similar point with regard to the Levitt interview , ie ‘ come on , it ’s a comedy show . ’
Fair enough , up to a point , however :
It is contextual , it may not be appropriate to hold comedy show interviews up to the same standards as a show that purports to be investigative journalism , but nontheless they are interviews , not comedy skits .
Stewart ’s comedy is largely acheived by contrasting people ’s behaviour with reality and thereby exposing their absurdities and / or hypocrisy .
Had Stewart been true to his comic style he would have been doing the same with Superfreakonomics , not doing a straight reading of the books absurd claims .
Parroting Levitt ’s talking points verbatum was not comedy , or to the extent that it was , only because those points are laughable .
Stewart can’t have it both ways , ie be taken seriously when he is trashing Bush or Beck , but when caught spewing nonsense himself it ’s “ just comedy ” “ it ’s comedy ” is legitmate when it actually is comedy , but it ’s not a universal excuse for every behaviour just because it happens on his show .
In this instance it is as disingenous as the passive aggressive bullies who try to excuse every abuse with “ I was just kidding . ”
Levitt , Pwned for being uber lame
Over at RealClimate Raymond T. Pierrehumbert has written an “ An open letter to Steve Levitt ” that is well worth the read .
In it he demonstrates just how easy it would have been for Superfreakonomics to get it right , and by implication , how inexcusable it is that they got it so badly wrong .
I have one minor quibble Ray , viz this statement :
“ … what has been lost amidst all that extensive discussion is how really simple it would have been to get this stuff right . “
Not that Ray reads this blog ( or even should ) , but I did say “ For the most part the problems are things that a bright high school senior should be expected to have gotten right , so it ’s a shock that Dubner and Levitt got them so wrong . ”
Ray administers the coup de gras by posting a map for Levitt to walk from his office to Pierrehumbert ’s , a distance of a couple of blocks … if he ever again has trouble finding a real climate scientist .
Fair enough , and if even that is too much work , there ’a always Wikipedia ( and before anyone objects , cite credible sources showing where Wikipedia is wrong about climate change ) .
Superfreaks Pwned for lying
Tim Lambert at Deltoid documents
Dubner falsley claiming that ocean acidification is addressed in the book when it is not .
He also calls out Levitt for trying to dodge the numerous critiques by claiming to be asking different questions .
Truth is , the Superfreaks clearly do not understand either the questions or the answers .
Tip of the Hat to Lou Grinzo for an even bigger ocean acidification howler by Levitt , as reported by Ezra Klein
Of course , ocean acidification is an import issue .
Now , there are ways to deal with ocean acidification , right , it ’s actually , that ’s actually , we know exactly how to un-acidifiy the oceans , is to pour a bunch of base into it , so , so if that turns out to be an incredibly big problem , then we can deal with that .
How are you supposed to react to that ?
As Lou says “ Read that reply from Levitt again , and tell me which grade a child would have to be in before you would consider it an acceptable answer in an earth science class .
You can probably guess my answer . ”
Pwned as bullshitting whiners
The Way Things Break really shreds the Superfreaks for their shoddy , misleading treatment of geo-engineering , and the weasly response to the legitmate criticism of their work :
L&D would have you believe that a certain group of people ( liberals the Politically Correct , Big Government worshiping , environmentalist , climate science - supporting “ chattering classes ” ) are standing between honest discussion of the merits of the no-brainer geo-engineering fix and the colossal boondoggle of mitigation .
L&D - brave , counter - intuitive visionaries that they are - have ridden forth on white steeds to rescue everyone else from the tyranny of those who support reducing greenhouse gas emissions ( which is virtually every relevant scientific organization on the planet ) and would keep this miracle cure secret .
The only problem with this scenario is that , like much of L&D ’s work of late , it ’s complete bullshit .
[ emphasis added ]
Pwned in The House
Rep. Jay Inslee ( D - WA ) equates the current climate change Denierism with the tobacco industries disinformation campaign ( quite correctly , see here ) , and includes Superfreakonomics as part of that campaign of lies and deception ( also correctly )
Pwned for Myhrvold ’s Folly
Somehow I missed some earlier work by Brad Johnson who did a very nice job of answering the questions posted by
Bradford DeLong .
Brad does a particularly nice job shredding their claims about renewable energy and emission reductions , thereby demonstrating clearly i ) how badly wrong the Superfreaks are , and ii ) getting it right was not that hard
Pwned for acting like evolution deniers
“ I lost all possibility of respect for the Freakonomists when I heard … a reading from the book ’s “ explanatory note ” :
It should go without saying that I see parallels to creationism throughout this .
The current creationist strategy is not to outright promote creationism ( courts having been too cruel to such strategies ) , and instead advocating for the teaching evolution ’s “ weaknesses , ” itself a strategy mapped out by creationists in the 1980s after losing their last case before the Supreme Court . ”
Global warming , science denial , and how to teach more evolution
Pwned for citing Deniers for credibility
Deltoid points out that in a desperate bid for credibility Dubner cites as his defenders Brett Stephens , Jonah Goldberg , and Jon Stewart .
HELLO !
Earth to Superfreaks !
FYI :
Stephens is the idiot who authored the drivel which I discussed in “ Actually it ’s the WSJ , not a parody site … i think “ , which is , if you can believe it , the piece Dubner cites for credibility .
Goldberg is just as bad , as discussed in “ Global Warming and the sun , JAQing off with NRO ’s Jonah Goldberg . ”
In this latest piece Goldberg stays true to form ( ie blithering nonsense ) and Kevin Moon takes him down in The Anti-Denialism Deniers .
What does it tell you when you ’re turning to climate change Deniers notorious for lying about the science as evidence of your scientific crediblity ?
Oh right , and Jon Stewart reading your talking points .
Well , in regard to that I would like to quote Jon Stewart :
“ If you want to compare your show to a comedy show , you ’re more than welcome to . ”
Pwnage Made Easy ( update )
Seriously , it was after posting that I found Zimmer ’s latest re ; The Superfreaks , “ Pwnage Made Easy ” ; ‘ fools seldom differ ’ ?
I do n’t differ with his sentiment :
“ I smell an anthology here : a collection of the all - time greatest take - downs , in which scientists expose lazy thinking .
How about , The Best Pwnage of 2009 ? ”
UPDATE Nov 1st :
Pwned by Boston.com
Title of 5 page takedown ?
“ Sloppynomics :
The Freakonomics duo tackles climate change — and discovers the limits of cleverness ”
That had to hurt .
I suspect I do n’t need to discuss the assessment of the book 😉
“ Since 1982 , spring in East Asia ( defined here as the eastern third of China and the Korean Peninsula ) has been warming at a rate of one degree Fahrenheit per decade . ”
Earth Gauge
We give our consent every moment that we do not resist .
Comment Policy
Comments that are not relevant to the post that they appear under or the evolving discussion will simply be deleted , as will links to Denier spam known to be scientific gibberish
The “ Mostly ” Open Thread is for general climate discussion that is not relevant to a particular post .
Spam and abuse rules still apply ;
The “ Challenging the Core Science ” Comment Thread is for comments that purport to challenge the core science of anthropogenic climate change .
6 Reasons Bacon is Better Than True Love
Even though both go straight to the heart , one is definitely better than the other
Scratching below the surface of a troublesome sensation that 's equal parts tingle - tickle - prickle , sensory scientists from Johns Hopkins have discovered in mice a molecular basis for nonallergic itch .
Using the itch - inducing compound chloroquine , an antimalarial drug , the team identified that a family of proteins called Mrgprs , found only in a rare subset of nerve cells , functions as itch receptors .
A report on the research appears Dec. 24 in Cell .
Itch research -- and the sweet relief it may one day afford -- has remained at a relative crawl , lagging well behind pain research , says Xinzhong Dong , Ph.D. , an assistant professor in the Solomon H. Snyder Department of Neuroscience at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
Most studies so far have focused on allergy - related itch , a reaction involving an itch mediator known as histamine and accounting for about one - third of all itch .
Allergic itch often responds to antihistamines , but most kinds of itch do not , including the kind that 's induced by chloroquine .
" The majority of itch is not associated with histamine and therefore antihistamines wo n't work , " Dong says .
" We 're not saying that our discovery solves all other histamine - independent itch , but this research makes significant strides in getting to the root of a sensation that 's poorly understood and about which there 's heated debate . "
Some researchers believe there are specific nerve cells dedicated for itch , different ones for pain , and still others for pleasant touch .
Some contend that different firing patterns from the same nerve call deliver the different sensations .
Both mice and men detect stimuli from the outside world via nerve cells called primary sensory neurons , which reside in clusters along the vertebrae known as dorsal root ganglia ( DRG ) .
In his quest for the origins of nonallergic itch , Dong first engineered mice lacking each of 12 members of the family of Mrgpr genes .
advertisement
The team studied the behavioral responses of the Mrgpr " knockout " mice and compared them to mice that still had the gene .
In tests assessing their reactions to thermal , mechanical and chemical pain , all the knock - out and wild - type ( normal ) mice responded in kind , leading the research team to conclude that the Mrgpr gene is probably not important for detecting acute , painful stimuli .
Next , they injected histamine into the mice to induce itch ; again , the knock - outs and the wild types behaved similarly , scratching at the same rates during five - minute intervals over the course of 30 minutes .
Finally , they injected chlorquine into the mice to induce itch and were surprised , Dong says , to find that over the course of 30 minutes , the wild - type mice used their hind paws to scratch their necks 270 times v. the 100 scratches by mice lacking Mrgpr genes .
" The behavioral study showed us that the Mrgpr - knockout mice responded specifically to chloroquine , and since we know that Mrgpr only expresses its protein in dorsal root ganglia , our hypothesis was that the deficit must happen in the DRG neuron , " Dong says .
The team then focused on DRG neurons to see if it really is Mrgpr proteins that facilitate itch response in those cells .
They first added chloroquine directly to individual DRG neurons from both knockout and wild - type animals and used a fluorescent dye to see if the cells responded .
About 4 percent of wild - type neurons responded by glowing , while none of the knock - out neurons did .
advertisement
Then the team measured chlororquine - induced electrical activity in the neurons , noting that the wild - type responded but that the knock - outs remained completely " silent . "
To figure out which of the 12 Mrgprs actually controls chloroquine itch , the team tested each one individually , found that only one of the genes -- MrgprA3 -- responded significantly to chloroquine , and concluded that MrgprA3 is a major itch receptor for chloroquine .
" The reason we are excited about this family of genes is that they are located in this primary sensing neuron in the dorsal root ganglia and not anywhere else , " Dong says , " so if you can develop a drug that targets a small subset of these neurons -- those that manufacture the protein / receptor Mrgpr -- you can specifically treat itch and probably without much side effect . "
This research was supported by an Alfred P. Sloan Neuroscience grant , a Whitehall Foundation grant , a Blaustein Pain Research Fund award , and grants from the National Institutes of Health .
Authors of the paper , in addition to Dong , are Qin Liu , Zongxiang Tang , Kush N. Patel , Andrew Kim , Fei Ru , Hao -Jui Weng , Yixun Geng , Bradley J. Undem , Marian Kollarik , Yun Gaun and Lenka Surdenikova , all of Johns Hopkins ; Seungil Kim and Zhou - Feng Chen of the Washington University School of Medicine ; and David J. Anderson of the California Institute of Technology .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A senior police official in Washington DC has said an off - duty officer who drew a gun at a snowball fight behaved in a " totally inappropriate " way .
Metropolitan Police Chief Cathy Lanier said video footage left " no doubt " the officer drew his gun after his vehicle , a Hummer , was pelted with snowballs .
The footage showed an angry crowd gathering , chanting : " You do n't bring a gun to a snowball fight " .
Ms Lanier said the officer had been placed on desk duty .
She said he had not denied the allegations .
Is a statement , Ms Lanier said she had reviewed all the video footage of the incident taken by the public and it was " very obvious " the officer had drawn his police - issue gun " in response to the snowballs hitting his vehicle " .
" I have no doubt about this , nor has the officer denied the accusations , " she said .
" Let me be very clear in stating that I believe the actions of the officer were totally inappropriate !
" In no way , should he have handled the situation in this manner . "
Assistant Police Chief Peter Newsham told reporters the detective , who has not been officially named , had more than 25 years of experience .
" He has a very good reputation , " he told the Associated Press .
' Disturbing '
The incident took place on Saturday , as a large crowd of people were taking part in a mass snowball fight in the US capital during a blizzard .
Washington DC has been hit by the worst snow storms in years Snowballs were thrown at the man 's car and as he got out he exposed his gun briefly , always pointing towards the snow on the ground .
Panicked residents can be heard shouting , " He 's got a gun , " but others continue to throw snowballs his way .
At one point on the video - shown on YouTube - the man identifies himself as a " detective " , but refuses to give his full name .
Then he proceeds to admit to pulling his gun .
" Yes I did because I got hit by snowballs , " he tells angry residents who demand to know his badge number .
He challenges them to " throw another snowball " .
The confrontation ended only when other policemen were despatched to the scene , and managed to calm everyone down .
Ms Lanier said the officer 's actions " in no way , reflects the training and the standards " of the Washington DC Police Department .
She said it was disturbing that the " negative actions of one officer " had eclipsed the work of the police force during the blizzard .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For months , while most progressives united around a public option - the second - best choice to provide the " universal , affordable health care " Barack Obama repeatedly said America needed - the Republicans and their enablers in the Democratic Party , including , of course , Senator Joe Lieberman , attacked the idea .
And attacked other elements of the health insurance legislation in the House and Senate .
Real reform - the single - payer choice that actually would have provided affordable , universal health coverage - was off the table from the beginning .
That was thanks to an informal agreement among Republicans , most congressional Democrats , the White House , the insurance companies and the drug companies .
Even most left - progressives accepted early on that there would be no way this could happen .
So they compromised in hopes of an inclusive public option .
Over time the public option was eviscerated by the Party of No-gotiators , Lieberman and the other butchers .
From inclusive to robust to weak , the public option was transformed into a shadow of its former self .
Nonetheless , disappointed though they were , progressives hung on , supporting the legislation while lamenting every flash of the knife applied to it .
Dr. Howard Dean , without whose rebellion six years ago there might never have been a resurgence of the Democratic Party , stuck by the legislation as long as it appeared possible that even a fragile public option would be included .
Urged everyone else to do likewise .
As did all the major progressive bloggers .
As did the members of the House Progressive Caucus , even when the President reneged on his promise to meet with them prior to his September speech on the issue .
When it became clear to even the most hopeful of hopers that the public option was dead beyond reviving , the Medicare buy - in was proposed .
For young Americans , it was not such a great alternative , but it was still progress of a sort , and many progressives , in particular , Dr. Dean , supported it , eager to keep the legislation alive .
Clearly on a roll , the Party of No-gotiators and , of course , Lieberman and a few other Dems said , nuh -uh to this latest compromise .
All through this debacle , the White House did n't corner Lieberman and give him a what - for as was once the case during last year 's campaign .
Instead , the Senator got a pass .
On the other hand , after supporting the bill through thick and thin and biting the bullet after the public option was axed , Dean got the blowtorch treatment from the President 's spokesman .
Just as left - progressives are getting it now .
It 's not that all progressives must always be on the same page .
We disagree among ourselves on a range of issues in part because " progressive " is not so easily defined when you dig deeper into the issues and political strategies .
Arguing with each other is not unhealthy , even though the arguments often get loud and sometimes nasty .
Under the best of circumstances we learn from each other if we 're willing to listen .
Candidate Barack Obama repeatedly said that he would listen to all sides and take ideas from all sides .
We left - progressives knew from the start that this did n't mean everything we wanted would happen , not even a quarter of it .
But being listened to after decades in the wilderness under both Republicans and Democrats sounded like progress .
However , repeatedly , on issue after issue , Barack Obama listens to and talks to the right , the center - right , the center , and the center - left .
As he should .
On rare occasions , even a right winger has a good idea .
The left , on the other hand , can't seem to get his ear .
And yet , now that the end game on health coverage reform has arrived and we say , " you know this thing sucks so bad it 's probably not worth voting for in its present form , " it 's not the No-gotiators or Joe Lieberman or Ben Nelson or Blanche Lincoln or the insurance companies that get blamed for standing in the way of reform .
You know , the people and corporations who still are n't done gutting this legislation .
Nah .
Not them .
It 's us .
It 's our fault and Howard Dean 's fault and the fault of all the people who swallowed hard and accepted an ever - weaker bill until it became too weak .
Our fault .
We get the message .
Do Like You , No Matter How
Everyone ’s looking at everyone else these days rather than what ’s going on inside .
At Duncdiddly , we challenge you to get in tune with yourself a little more each day .
Forget about popular opinion and jumping into the waves of pop culture .
Do what makes you happy .
* China ’s nuclear capacity build - up ahead of schedule
* Urgent need to develop new mines for the longer term .
* China does not see uranium supplies as an obstacle
BEIJING , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - China is driving ahead with an ambitious programme to expand its atomic energy capacity over the next decade , raising questions about its ability to find the uranium it will need , at home or abroad .
Total capacity reached 9.1 gigawatts by the end of 2008 , and the government fully expects to hit its official 40 gigawatt target well before the 2020 deadline .
China currently operates 11 reactors and has 17 under construction , but has 124 more on the drawing boards , according to industry group the World Nuclear Association ( WNA ) .
The expansion programme will cause its demand for uranium to rocket 10 - fold by 2030 , making it the world ’s second biggest consumer of the radioactive metal following the United States , according the WNA forecasts .
Zhang Guobao , the country ’s senior energy official , has repeatedly stated that China intends to raise the bar “ by a large margin ” , and those in the know believe it should easily smash its existing targets .
Pan Zhiqiang , director of science and technology at the China National Nuclear Corporation ( CNNC ) , one of the country ’s two major state - owned nuclear developers , said last month that “ reaching 70 GW before 2020 will not be a big problem . ”
[ ID : nPEK128796 ]
“ There are also estimates that by 2030 , total capacity will reach 200 gigawatts , and by 2050 , 1,000 gigawatts , ” he said .
Concerns have been raised about the availability of sufficient fuel to feed the growing demand in China and elsewhere , but Pan discounted any immediate problems .
He claimed there was “ absolutely no problem ” finding the uranium to run 40 gigawatts of capacity , either within China ’s borders or through overseas acquisitions .
Over the longer term , however , others concede that acquiring enough of the key ingredient in nuclear power generation could be a big challenge .
“ The uranium market in the future faces a lot of uncertainties with not a small supply shortage , ” said Zhou Zhenxing , who heads the uranium development unit at the China Guangdong Nuclear Power Corporation ( CGNPC ) , the second of China ’s big nuclear firms .
RAISING THE BAR
When China announced in a 2006 policy document that it would aim for 40 GW of nuclear capacity by 2020 , sceptics noted this meant finding the wherewithal to bring at least two reactors into operation every year .
They also pointed out plans were already behind schedule , with no new projects due until 2011 , and bureaucratic problems had already delayed others .
But momentum was quickly regained .
China had 11 reactors in operation by the end of last year , using a variety of “ second - generation ” designs from Russia , Canada and France as well as its own research institutes , and there are now another 24 -- with 25.4 GW of capacity -- approved or under construction .
U.S. - based Westinghouse Electric , now owned by Toshiba 6502 .
T is building four of its new AP1000 reactors in coastal Zhejiang and Shandong provinces , securing a much - needed showcase for its untested " third - generation " designs .
In exchange , China was granted a generous technology transfer agreement that would make the AP1000 the model for its own " localised " reactors .
Meanwhile , France 's Areva CEPFi .
PA agreed to build two of its European Pressurised Reactors for the Taishan nuclear project in southeast China 's Guangdong .
[ ID : nPEK162095 ]
China ’s own nuclear contractors are already looking well beyond the 40 GW target , with Zhou of CGNPC saying his company was already planning to increase capacity to 34 GW by 2020 , up from the current level of 3.94 GW .
For a FACTBOX on China ’s nuclear power plants and plans , click on [ ID : nPEK248165 ]
With every province and region keen to grab a stake in the lucrative nuclear sector , both CGNPC and CNNC have been scouring the country for potential projects .
Every province along the eastern coast is building new reactors , and a multitude of cities in China ’s interior are also lobbying to become the country ’s first inland nuclear plant .
URANIUM SCRAMBLE
The need to feed such growing capacity has required the two state - owned giants to hunt the globe for new sources of fuel -- with CGNPC chasing uranium reserves in Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Australia and Namibia , and CNNC signing deals to explore and develop in Mongolia and Niger .
China has been developing its own uranium mines since the 1950s , mainly in the remote northwest .
But total output is a state secret , and it is unclear whether it will be enough to power the dozens of reactors due to go online before 2020 .
According to figures from the China Nuclear Industry Association , China has currently developed only a third of the uranium required to fuel 40 gigawatts of capacity by 2020 , and exploration needs to be stepped up if China wishes to avoid being exposed to the volatile foreign market .
“ The exploitation rate of Chinese uranium mines is actually very low right now , so there is room to improve the supply volume , ” said He Kun , a professor at the Nuclear and New Energy Technology Research Institute at Tsinghua University .
Zhou of CGNPC said his company alone would need more than 10,000 tonnes of uranium per year by 2020 .
With CGNPC likely to control about half of China ’s nuclear capacity by then , that would put total annual demand at around 20,000 tonnes , a massive increase on the 769 tonnes produced in 2008 , according to World Nuclear Association estimates .
Pan of CNNC conceded that there was an urgent need to develop new mines for the longer term .
“ Uranium supplies do n’t constitute an obstacle to the development of nuclear power in China , but we must strengthen our prospecting work , and our research into prospecting technologies .
This is absolutely crucial . ”
Pan said the supply problem has been overstated , however , noting that both Japan and South Korea have managed to keep their reactors running despite having no uranium of their own .
“ Uranium is a commodity and we can import it , and also participate in international uranium mining projects .
People say that uranium is n’t very plentiful , but I do n’t agree . ”
For a TAKE A LOOK on uranium , click on [ ID : nGEE5B81RO ]
( Reporting by David Stanway , Editing by Eric Onstad and Hans Peters )
Puck Daddy wrote a piece on the " 10 Best GMs of the Last Decade " which is pretty good .
I 've enjoyed his retrospective series on big stories of the 2000s .
My biggest complaint about the list is the omission of David Poile who is nothing short of amazing in terms of contending on a budget .
Rather than just complain about Puck Daddy 's list , I 've decided to come up with a list of my own .
I will rank all 30 organizations over the last decade ( as opposed to individual GMs ) to see which ones were the best managed in that time frame .
I will use two criteria 1 ) salary efficiency and 2 ) post - season success .
Salary Efficiency Rankings
Every GM competes against every other GM to build a team that can accumulate enough points to qualify for the post - season .
The very best organizations get the most for their money .
Some organizations bludgeoned their way to the post - season by out - spending the rest of the NHL on a 2 - to - 1 basis pre-lockout .
Other organizations were extremely careful with their money and still qualified for the post - season .
I prefer to give credit to those organizations that received the biggest return on their payroll investment .
So the first ingredient is regular season salary efficiency which is basically Total Points Accumulated 2000 - 2010 divided by Total Accumulated Payroll 2000 - 2010 .
( For the 2009 - 2010 season I used projected final point standings and projected final salary numbers from www.capgeek.com).
So which teams have gotten the most for their money ?
( See the chart below . )
The Nashville Predators not only lead this list but have a huge margin over the # 2 team .
David Poile is simply a master at contending on a small budget ( doing it again this year after a rough start ) .
The top three organizations in Wins / Payroll are Predators , Wild and Senators .
Most of these teams are clubs that had small payrolls over the last decade .
At the bottom are the NY Rangers -- which should come to no one 's surprise to anyone who followed the team pre-lockout .
Rank TEAM WIN : $ $$ 1 NAS 2.76 2 MIN 2.54 3 OTT 2.51 4 BUF 2.39 5 VAN 2.35 6 SJS 2.34 7 NJD 2.29 8 CGY 2.26 9 EDM 2.22 10 PIT 2.22 11 ATL 2.20 12 TBL 2.17 13 PHO 2.12 14 CBJ 2.11 15 CAR 2.06 16 BOS 2.05 17 NYI 2.01 18 MON 1.98 19 WAS 1.97 20 FLA 1.96 21 DET 1.96 22 LAK 1.93 23 COL 1.92 24 CHI 1.92 25 DAL 1.92 26 ANA 1.91 27 PHI 1.83 28 STL 1.79 29 TOR 1.79 30 NYR 1.54
Playoff Success Adjustment
Now salary efficiency is just part of the job of a NHL organization .
Once you reach the post - season you want to win as many games as possible and putting together a team that wins in the spring also matters a great deal .
How should you account for post - season wins ?
Clearly a post - season win is worth more than a regular season win , but how much more valuable ?
There is no perfect answer to this question , so I 'm just going to copy what Nate Silver did over at Baseball Prospectus a few years ago and count post - season wins as double a regular season win ( 4 points instead of 2 ) .
It is crude perhaps but seems reasonable to me .
First let 's look at which organizations racked up the most post - season wins .
Cup Winners dominate the top of the list : Detroit Red Wings , New Jersey Devils .
Colorado Avalanche , Anaheim Ducks , and Pittsburgh Penguins .
At the bottom we see three teams which had zero post - season wins in the last decade : Atlanta Thrashers , Florida Panthers and Columbus Blue Jackets .
Rank TEAM Playoff Wins 1 DET 72 2 NJD 64 3 COL 54 4 ANA 49 5 PIT 46 6 SJS 44 7 PHI 44 8 OTT 43 9 CAR 39 10 DAL 39 11 TOR 32 12 BUF 28 13 TBL 24 14 VAN 23 15 CGY 23 16 STL 23 17 EDM 20 18 MON 17 19 BOS 16 20 WAS 15 21 CHI 14 22 NYR 14 23 MIN 11 24 LAK 10 25 NSH 6 26 NYI 6 27 PHO 2 28 ATL 0 29 CBJ 0 30 FLA 0
Now let 's see what happens when we include playoffs wins ( worth four points , x2 a season win ) into our salary efficiency formula .
This should provide a bonus to teams with a strong post - season and a penalty for those who were unable to contend on a budget .
The new top 10 includes cup champs Devils , Penguins and Detroit and a few teams that reached the finals ( Senators and Flames ) .
But it also includes teams there were extremely well managed in the regular season but came up short in the playoffs like the Predators , Sharks , Sabres , Wild and Canucks .
Personally , I think this is a pretty accurate list of well managed organizations over the last decade .
It also suggests to me that the Ottawa Senators and the Nashville Predators organizations have probably been under - rated because of their lack of post - season wins .
Who sits at the bottom ?
Teams that spend a lot of money and fail to win in both the regular season or post - season .
In light of the cash expended the Rangers , Leafs , Blackhawks , Leafs , Capitals do n't have much to show for it .
Then there are the plain old terrible teams like the Blue Jackets and Panthers , Islanders .
This part also passes the smell test for me .
Some of these teams received a lot of attention because they threw money at problems while more efficient teams flew under the radar .
Thrasher fans might wonder why Atlanta does n't fall into the bottom 10 with 0 playoff wins ?
The answer is incredibly small payrolls back when Time / Warner / AOL owned the team -- the Thrashers actually got some decent " bang - for - the - buck " when they were only spending $ 18 - 22 million on payroll before the lockout .
Rank TEAM adj .
WIN : $ $$ 1 OTT 2.99 2 NJD 2.91 3 NSH 2.84 4 SJS 2.79 5 PIT 2.75 6 BUF 2.70 7 MIN 2.68 8 VAN 2.60 9 DET 2.52 10 CGY 2.52 11 CAR 2.49 12 TBL 2.45 13 EDM 2.45 14 COL 2.40 15 ANA 2.38 16 DAL 2.25 17 PHI 2.21 18 BOS 2.20 19 ATL 2.20 20 MON 2.16 21 PHO 2.14 22 WAS 2.12 23 CBJ 2.11 24 TOR 2.07 25 NYI 2.07 26 CHI 2.07 27 LAK 2.03 28 STL 2.00 29 FLA 1.96 30 NYR 1.65
Perhaps I should have made playoff wins worth even more .
If they are valued at 3 times a regular season win ( worth 6 points each ) Carolina sneaks into the top 10 and Calgary falls out .
The Devils move up into a tie with Ottawa , and the Thrashers slip down into the bottom third of the rankings ( 21st ) while the Leafs climb into the middle third .
Not a huge change but a few modest shifts result .
Conclusion
This organizational ranking is far from perfect .
I have tried to anchor this evaluation in more objective data analysis rather than simply give my own personal impression .
UPDATE : Marriage equality has passed 11 - 2 . D.C. Mayor Adrian
Fenty is expected to quickly sign the bill into law
and it will then go to Congress , where it will be reviewed for 30 days .
Barring opposition , it will become law .
In early October , the Washington Post said that Congress was unlikely to block the bill .
Earlier …
Chris Geidner ( of Law Dork ) just tweeted this photo from inside the D.C. Council chamber .
Council is set to take the second of two votes shortly on marriage equality in the District .
I posted about the rally held last night earlier .
I ’ve been in Free Software for a few years now and learned a ton from it .
Sure , I learned how to use new types of software , became efficient on them , and honed my programming skills , but stopping there would be missing the point .
Free software has so much more to offer than just computing and technical benefits .
In fact , the technical side is the least important thing I ’ve learned from my experiences .
Free Software has brought me far beyond knowledge of its source code and taught me lessons I will value for a lifetime .
1. Centralized control is n’t worth it
When one single governing body gains absolute control over something , it is only a matter of time before that governing body increases its power tremendously .
Many times , it does this in order to avoid vice , but counterintuitively , only ends up creating more of it in the process .
Take any modern established proprietary software company that started out in the 60’s or 70 ’s for example .
These software companies were revolutionary in their decision not to share their software for the benefit of learning , but rather , keep it a secret in order to make money from it .
As time went on , the companies began imposing slightly harsher methods upon users in an attempt to foil the plans of those who refused to pay .
This was the beginning of techniques such as license keys .
As users developed ways around the methods , the methods kept getting progressively harsher , severely punishing casual proprietary software users who had been legally using and paying full price for the software since the beginning .
It would not be enough to stop here , though .
Proprietary software companies , caring only about eliminating competition , have no regret in choosing not to support competitors ’ file formats ( or even worse , supporting them incompletely ) , slowing down their software to sell the user a “ speed upgrade ” , and spying on the user without his / her consent to aid their marketing departments .
They even have no shame in not bothering to release security updates until there is already an epidemic .
Users do n’t have the freedom to correct any of these because one company alone controls all aspects of the software in question .
Just the other day , I overheard a conversation between two of my peers .
It went something like this :
“ I got a new iPhone the other day ! ” “ Sweet !
Are you going to try to hack it ? ” ( Note : “ Hack ” here is used in the sense that it has come to mean in today ’s society : breaking security . )
“ I do n’t know .
I know someone who broke into his iPhone and bricked it .
And , I mean , you ca n’t just go into the store and ask for a repair , because you ’ve voided your warranty by hacking it . ”
“ I hacked my iPhone .
It worked perfectly .
And it is awesome !
Now I can run all sorts of apps on it that are n’t in the App Store ! ”
It is sad to see that people today actually have to use the term “ breaking in ” to describe changing the software on the cell phone they own .
People now willingly accept the fact that they just ca n’t run any application that the developing company did n’t authorize , because this restriction has become so common .
In the case of the iPhone , owners have to make a decision as to whether they want to try to modify the software on the device they own ( described as “ hacking ” ) and risk an update from Apple that destroys their phone , or use a device that performs only as Apple wishes it to perform .
Purchasing an iPhone is willingly handing over complete control of the device to Apple because this approach has been so tightly ingrained in society as necessary .
2 . The strongest approach is a philosophical approach
As the main partitioner between the Free Software Movement and the Open Source Movement , it is apparent , in this regard alone , that it must have a significant amount of meaning .
When one really digs into the specifics , though , this idea becomes even more important .
Nobody would ever build a skyscraper without spending tiring hours on a sturdy foundation to keep the building up .
Likewise , constructing a movement on the grounds that a development style always produces less - buggy , more secure , or more featureful software is worthless .
On these foundationless grounds , what would be the problem with using Skype and locking not only yourself , but also all of your friends , into one company ’s software and protocol ?
When cost gets thrown into the mix , things get even uglier .
One who bases his / her opinions on these subjective measures would be enticed by high - quality software available at no cost .
Though I make no claim to it ’s quality , even Microsoft Windows is “ free of cost ” to consumers .
The majority of the people in the world choose not to pickpocket .
But why ?
It could n’t possibly be too difficult .
If the thief runs , he / she probably wo n’t get caught , and it is a quick way to make some extra cash .
Most people believe it is wrong to steal , and therefore , wo n’t rob a wallet .
The philosophy that one should not steal overrides the benefits that may come from stealing someone ’s wallet .
It is the same reason that Vegans do n’t wear leather , Mormons abstain from caffeine / alcohol , and environmentalists drive hybrid cars .
When it comes to software , though , the majority of people take a lesser stance .
For those “ casual users ” who have somehow learned about the Free Software Movement , few will take the philosophies seriously since they create so much inconvenience and trouble .
Would one be likely to support dismantling one ’s house upon learning that it was seated upon a sacred ancient burial ground ?
Because it creates so much inconvenience and would be outrageously expensive , most people would likely ditch this new ethical dilemma , on the grounds that they had very little opinion about it before it began affecting their life .
Yes , the house is ruining the sacred area , but nobody informed the homeowner in question about this problem before the purchase , so the shame should be placed elsewhere .
When one keeps a 100 % philosophy - based center when making every - day choices , it is impossible to make a regrettable decision on those aspects in which one has philosophies or values .
Putting morals before convenience and ease may be tough at times , but it will help ensure permanent solutions that carry much more meaning .
3 . An open and creative mind does wonders
Before I became involved in Free Software , I had far different opinions , ideas , and beliefs than I do today .
Free Software helped me open up my mind to new and unfamiliar concepts .
This software universe had been going on behind my back for years .
If there was this much in software alone that a technology - savvy guy had never even heard of , I figured , there must be quite a bit out there .
One of the best parts about the Free Software community is that it is composed of a huge diversity of people with a huge diversity of ideas .
Richard Stallman ’s stallman.org is a perfect example .
Most of his ideas and beliefs , especially his political ideals , are somewhat unorthodox and not widely accepted .
Previous to reading his opinions , I had laughed Ralph Nader off as a joke , as I had heard nothing but humor about him previously in my life .
When I actually met someone who supported him , I took the time to understand his politics .
It just so happened that I shared some of Nader views .
I stopped my warrantless distaste for the 3rd party candidate , and gained a great deal of respect for the man .
Another good example can be drawn from my life .
I am a composer , and one of the biggest hurdles for me in switching to exclusively Free Software was my sheet music typesetting software .
I used a proprietary package under Wine for quite some time , because none of the other options available did what I wanted .
Or so I thought .
I had tried Free Software packages to fill this purpose , from Rosegarden , to MuseScore , to Lilypond , to Canorus .
I convinced myself that , since none of them behaved exactly like the proprietary package I was used to using , none of them were as good .
Some time later , I decided the final movement of of my last piece of proprietary software should end soon , and that I best move to exclusively Free Software .
I forced myself to use MuseScore for my next composition project .
By the time I was done , I had actually forgotten how to use my old piece of proprietary garbageware .
MuseScore did everything I wanted and more .
Yes , it behaved slightly differently , but I found I could be much more efficient – while using Free Software !
It was a double win for me .
For developers , opening one ’s mind to unfamiliar creative ideas is essential to creating practical solutions .
The majority of those working on Free Software are autonomous and get to choose what they want to work on .
( Even of the large corporately - funded developer base , many have a great deal of liberty in this regard . )
They are not told to implement specific attributes by their management , or pressured by paying customers to add a certain feature .
They work because they want to help themselves , their user base , or their software project .
There is plenty of room for experimentation .
One of the main arguments used for Free Software is the advantage of not reinventing the wheel , yet in the case of nearly every hole in the software platform to fill , there are at least two equally effective options .
KDE and Gnome .
Grub and Lilo. OpenOffice and Koffice .
Emacs and Vi . The list goes on .
These pairs exist because the developers had different ideas as to how to design an application , which features to implement , and what the goals of the project were .
In all of the cases above , the synergy created between the pairs has only gone to further enhance both projects .
In other words , contrasting ideas have improved each other .
4. Knowledge was meant to be shared
Back in the middle 1850 ’s , when the Industrial Revolution was beginning in Britain , the country attempted a quarantine of ideas .
Britain was the first country to go through an industrial revolution , and wanted the ideas for the machine designs to stay contained within the country so that it might prosper economically .
It was a failure .
It was unbelievably naïve of them to think they could stop the spread of an idea .
As the cliché goes , “ If we both have an apple , and we exchange apples , we each still have one apple .
But , if we each have an idea and exchange those , each of us has two ideas . ”
Some companies try to restrict the flow of this knowledge .
In fact , many companies do this and expect to get away with it .
They believe that putting DRM on digital media will prevent it from being illegally pirated .
They believe that product activation procedures will prevent it from being illegally shared .
They believe that information can be contained .
Even in the days before the Internet , information and so - called “ intellectual property ” could still be , and were , exchanged .
As the information age went on , though , corporations became progressively more obsessed with controlling the spread of knowledge .
This trend of open information holds true even in tightly - protected situations .
The Watergate scandal leaked to the press through one of US President Nixon ’s most trusted colleagues .
Microsoft was recently discovered to be using code stolen from a competitor on a social networking site , even though the code was never released .
Pictures from the Iran protest in early June of this year circulated the Internet , despite the efforts of the government to prevent their spread .
The examples continue , but all hit the same chord : there is no use in preventing the spread of information .
So instead of working to prevent this spread , why not encourage it ?
Why not get the ideas , capabilities , and functionality of any given piece of software out to as many people as possible and kindle the flame ?
There are many ways to make money , so why choose a method that requires investing just as much time and effort into making software that lots of people want to use as trying to prevent the usage of said software ?
It sounds counterintuitive and / or just plain stupid on paper , but is generally seen as the traditional and conservative way to do it .
Physical products must be treated differently than knowledge .
Government can assist in the process of selling knowledge in the same way as a physical product , but due to the nature of the commodity , it will never be the same .
5 . Anyone can make a difference
When I started off in the world of Free Software , I wanted to contribute , but did n’t think that an 8th grade student would be able to contribute anything worthwhile .
I proved myself wrong , and joined the Joomla !
Documentation team , writing and editing documentation for the software package .
As I learned later , documentation was one of the most lacking areas in the Free Software community .
When I started learning to program in PHP , I wrote small extensions for the Content Management System I then knew so well .
They were small enough to be easily written by someone with little experience , yet useful enough to be widely - deployed .
I moved on to larger applications and contributions .
Frequent emails from users of my software showed me just how much of a difference I was making for them .
No matter what you do , remember that your actions do make a difference .
If you find a bug , report it !
The first bug report of your life may be a little shaky , but how else can one learn to report bugs ?
Your reports make the software better for everyone .
Just maybe that crash you reported will save some people from a major data loss in the future .
If you have decent writing skills , consider writing or improving some documentation for your favorite Free Software application so others will have a less frustrating learning curve .
Translating documentation or an application itself opens up that software to a new demographic of people , most of whom could not possibly use the application prior to your translation .
Bringing up Free Software in a conversation and / or promoting it more seriously opens the philosophies and the software itself up to new people as well .
Even a simple “ thank you ” to a project member can go a long way .
Free Software is n’t written by machines ; it is written by countless individuals that give up a significant amount of time each day to do what they do .
Showing appreciation helps developers know their work is worthwhile .
Now , just for a second , I challenge the reader to imagine what the world of Free Software would be like if nobody believed they could make a difference .
Very little Free Software would be written , and that which was written may not be released to the public .
A completely Free operating system would be out of the question , as only small research projects would exist .
Businesses , with no faith in their ability to succeed with Open Source , would resort to writing proprietary software that can be sold on a shelf .
The Free Software Movement would be inexistent without this wisp of a thought .
In fact , Richard Stallman would n’t have bothered writing the GNU system if he thought his project would n’t mean anything .
It is so easy to imagine how horrible the world of Free Software could be like this , so why do people all too often let it slide in the “ real ” world ?
This world is so much bigger than the Free Software Sphere that people tend to feel that their actions mean less .
However , they seem to be forgetting that , while some action we make wo n’t directly influence everybody , every action we make affects somebody .
And just maybe , when one totals the sum of the somebodies and the somebodies of those somebodies , just maybe every one of us changes the world every day .
Because our actions mean so much , it is vital that one governing body , be it a corporation , government , or other mass , does n’t take away our freedom to express ourselves as we please .
We would no longer be changing the world in our own way , but in the way desired by this group in power .
It is vital that we keep a philosophical approach so that our beliefs stand behind our actions .
Even if we make an unwise decision , we make it for a rational reason that shines through to others .
It is vital that we keep an open mind to ensure no good idea goes unnoticed , and a creative one to generate good ideas of our own .
One man ’s seemingly worthless idea may be another man ’s inspiration .
It is vital that there is an uninterrupted stream of knowledge , and that information is not held back for personal benefit at the cost of others .
Knowledge and information are the building blocks of change .
These concepts are vital not only to software , but also to every - day life .
And to think some people only see the technical benefits .
© Matt Bors
Many claim that WWII was the thing that ended the Great Depression , but I do n’t think the current wars ( Afghanistan , Iraq , Terror , Yemen , … ) are making things better .
Get Your Canned Goods , Umbrellas , and Knock - off Pumas Here !
Where Walmart dares not go — or believes it ca n’t make a profit —
Chinese merchants quite often fill the void .
That is , they are often the low - cost consumer goods supersellers to much of the developing or war - ravaged world .
China ’s growing presence in Africa is by now well known .
But while most news headlines focus on extraction industries , Chinese entrepreneurs have also been active in other sectors , from textiles to grocery outlets .
In some cases , their presence has fueled local resentment , especially when they are competing directly against African merchants ; in other instances , Chinese merchants have brought finished products and supplies that otherwise would n’t be available or affordable , to unlikely consumers in Africa and elsewhere across the globe .
Indeed , the rise of Chinese merchants in other underserved markets may provide a glimpse into the future role the Chinese could play in Africa .
Take Eastern Europe .
Chinese merchants have been moving en masse into the region since the early 1990s , when the fall of the Soviet Union and Eastern Bloc turned post - communist Eurasia into a free market free - for - all .
I became interested in Eastern Europe ’s Chinese communities when I first visited the Balkans in 2004 .
At the time , the highest numbers of Chinese were found in the Yugoslav successor states , particularly Serbia and Montenegro ( which still existed as one federal entity ) and Republika Srpska , the eastern part of Bosnia - Herzegovina .
Various news agencies had put the number of Chinese in the former Yugoslavia at 200,000 .
Experts told me this was an inflated estimate , but I could not dispute the pervasiveness of the Chinese in the Balkans .
Everywhere I went , I saw little shops called kineske prodavnice ( literally , " Chinese shops " ) scattered throughout the cities and countryside of Serbia and Montenegro .
The kineske prodavnice peddled cheap goods made in China — pens , umbrellas , knockoff Pumas , everything but food .
They were a natural part of the landscape , patronized by locals and staffed by Chinese merchants who spoke broken Serbian .
Curiously , every shopkeeper I spoke with — from Belgrade to the little town of Ulcinj on the Montenegrin - Albanian border — hailed from the same county in Zhejiang province in southeastern China .
They told me that the Zhejiangese were also shopkeepers in North Korea , Cambodia , and Russia .
In each of these places , there is a clear need for basic commodities .
But because of embargoes or political instability , few multinational companies are interested in opening their doors .
Yet the Chinese merchants were willing to launch small businesses in the shadiest of emerging markets .
When the Chinese started passing through the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s , mainly to enter Western Europe illegally , the Serbian territories had been hit hard by sanctions .
Industries had ground to a halt , yet people needed everyday products like toilet paper and clothing .
Under embargo or besieged by war , Serbia , Montenegro , and Republika Srpska could not turn to American or Western European exporters .
Many of the Chinese heading to Western Europe saw this unmet need , and they held off on going westward .
Instead , networking with manufacturers back in southeast China , they set up stalls on the street to sell clothing and electronics .
Over time , their ventures prospered , and they moved into brick - and - mortar shops .
Today , the greatest concentration of Serbia ’s Chinese resides in the Block 70 neighborhood of New Belgrade , just across the Sava River from downtown Belgrade .
Block 70 even has a Kineski Tržni Centar , or " Chinese Marketplace . "
Comprised of two factory - sized buildings , the Chinese Marketplace is the distribution center for every kineska prodavnica in Serbia .
Each Sunday , Chinese shopkeepers come from all over the country to stock up on clothing , housewares , and electronics .
When the Chinese first moved into New Belgrade 10 years ago , they were not well received .
They had brought from the Old World habits such as littering , spitting in public , and speaking in unmoderated decibels — all of which the image - conscious Serbs found repulsive .
Notoriously wary of banks , the Chinese were the favorite targets of robbers .
Culturally and linguistically ignorant , they were unable to defend themselves from teenage vandals and unwilling to report incidents to the police .
Then they began to retaliate .
Many of the Serbs I met in New Belgrade had grown up fighting with vigilante groups of Chinese men .
Eventually , Chinese and Serb neighbors settled into a grudging mutual tolerance .
On each of my subsequent trips to the region , I have visited with Chinese merchants .
Today Serbia ’s economy is much the same as it was in the war - ravaged 1990s .
Although embargoes have been lifted , the country is still politically isolated , and foreign companies refrain from major investments .
And so the niche for affordable commodities continues to be filled by Chinese merchants .
Meanwhile , the Chinese opinion about Serbs as a people has not changed : Customers are generally polite and cause little trouble other than the occasional incident of shoplifting .
Employees do not work very hard .
But in general life is peaceful , tolerable .
Over the years , the distance between Chinese and Serbs has diminished .
Serbian children are going to school with Chinese children in many neighborhoods , a sign that Chinese parents have stopped sending their children back to China for education .
The Chinese have even made inroads into Serbian film and other cultural products , from cameo appearances in movies about New Belgrade , to references in pop songs .
It would be unwise to generalize too much about the experience of Chinese immigrants worldwide .
The African continent is far more diverse than Serbia — or , for that matter , all of Eastern Europe .
But it is important to remember that when we hear of China ’s " colonization " of Africa and elsewhere , we should picture not only predatory oil - company managers , but also small - scale merchants providing cheap consumer goods .
The A.D.A.M. Medical Encyclopedia
edited by Alan Greene , David Zieve , David R. Eltz , 2009
Advances in Patient Safety : From Research to Implementation
edited by James B. Battles , at al .
2004
Aim for a Healthy Weight
National Institutes of Health , 2005 , 44 pp , 2.2MB , PDF
Anomalies and Curiosities of Medicine
by George M. Gould and Walter L. Pyle , 1896
Antimicrobial Resistance : Issues and Options
edited by P.F. Harrison , J. Lederberg , 1998 , 128 pp , 810KB , PDF
Antioxidant - Antidiabetic Agents and Human Health
by Oluwafemi Oguntibeju ( ed. ) , 2014 , 369 pp , multiple PDF files
Antiretroviral Resistance in Clinical Practice
by Anna Maria Geretti ( ed. ) , 2006 , 178 pp , online html
Application of Nanotechnology in Drug Delivery
by Ali Demir Sezer ( ed. ) , 2014 , 552 pp , multiple PDF files
Baculovirus Molecular Biology
by George F Rohrmann , 2011
Bad Bug Book : Foodborne Pathogenic Microorganisms and Natural Toxins Handbook
International Medical Publishing , 2004
Bioinformatics in Tropical Disease Research
edited by Arthur Gruber , et al .
2008
Breasts A to Z
by Warwick Carter , 2012 , 42 pp , 2.7MB , PDF
Clinical Guidelines on the Identification , Evaluation , and Treatment of Overweight and Obesity in Adults
by National Institutes of Health ( 2003 ) .
228 pages , 1.2MB , PDF
Clinical Pharmacology in Health Care , Teaching and Research
World Health Organization , 2012 , 80 pp , 430KB , PDF
Combating Antimicrobial Resistance
National Academies Press , 2017 , 172 pp , 2.4MB , PDF
Comprehensive Systems Biomedicine
by Enrico Capobianco , Pietro Lio ( eds ) , 2014 , 114 pp , multiple formats
Conventional Warfare : Ballistic , Blast , and Burn Injuries
edited by Ronald F. Bellamy , et al .
1991 , PDF
Data Mining in Medical and Biological Research
by by Eugenia G. Giannopoulou , 2008 , 15MB , ZIP / PDF
Dental Recall : Recall Interval Between Routine Dental Examinations
National Collaborating Centre for Acute Care , 2004 , 68 pp , 270KB , PDF
Depleted Uranium : Sources , Exposure and Health Effects
World Health Organization , 2001
Diabetic Retinopathy for the Comprehensive Ophthalmologist
by Jonathan D. Walker , 2009 , PDF
Diet and Metabolic Dysfunction
by Gaetano Santulli ( ed. ) , 2017 , 652 pp , multiple PDF files
Diet , Nutrition and the Prevention of Chronic Diseases
World Health Organization , 2003 , 160 pp , 720KB , PDF
Diversifying Food and Diets
by J. Fanzo et al. , 2013 , 401 pp , 7.4MB , PDF
Drug -Acceptor Interactions
by Niels Bindslev , 2008 , 428 pp , multiple PDF files
Drug Class Reviews
Drug Effectiveness Review Project , Oregon Health and Science University , 2008
Dyslexia : A Comprehensive and International Approach
edited by Taeko N. Wydell , Liory Fern-Pollak , 2012 , 186 pp , 5.1MB , PDF
Eat for life : the Food and Nutrition Board 's guide to reducing your risk of chronic disease
edited by Catherine E. Woteki , Paul R. Thomas , 1992 , PDF
Eating Disorders
The National Institute of Mental Health , 2008
Egg Consumption and Human Health
by Maria Luz Fernandez ( ed. ) , 2018 , 168 pp , 1.4MB , PDF
Electronic Orange Book : Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 2009
The Electronic Textbook of Dermatology
edited by Rhett Drugge and Heather A. Dunn , 2000
Emergency Medicine
Wikipedia , 2014 , online html
The Emerging Discipline of Quantitative Systems Pharmacology
by Tarek A Leil , Sergey Ermakov ( eds ) , 2015 , 99 pp , multiple formats
Enzyme Inhibition and Bioapplications
edited by Rakesh R. Sharma , 2012 , 314 pp , 17MB , PDF
Essential Drugs : Practical Guidelines
edited by Jacques Pinel , et al. 2010 , 363 pp , 2.5MB , PDF
Essentials of Nutrition : A Functional Approach
by Maureen Zimmerman , Beth Snow , 2012 , online reading
The Ethics of Medical Homicide and Mutilation
by Austin O'Malley , 1922 , 314 pp , multiple formats
The Evolution of Aging
by Theodore C. Goldsmith , 2006 , 166 pages , 1.5MB , PDF
Evolution of Sickness and Healing
by Horacio Fabrega , Jr. 1999
Family Doctor : Your Essential Guide to Health and Wellbeing
by Ted Epperly , 2008
First Aid
by Wikibooks , 2007 , 112 pages , 9.3MB , PDF
First Aid
US Army Medical Department , 2002 , 224 pp , 2.3MB , PDF
Fitness Medicine
by Hasan Sozen ( ed. ) , 2016 , 154 pp , multiple PDF files
A Framework for Assessing Effects of the Food System
by M.C. Nesheim , M. Oria , P.T. Yih ( eds. ) , 2015 , 445 pp , 11MB , PDF
Fundamentals of Human Nutrition
Wikibooks , 2015 , 195 pp , online html
General Practice Notebook
by James McMorran , at al .
2011
The Gist of Emergency Medicine
by Michael Hebb , 1998 , 188 pages , 740KB , PDF
Glaucoma
National Collaborating Centre for Acute Care , 2009 , 542 pp , 14MB , PDF
Glaucoma : Basic and Clinical Concepts
edited by Shimon Rumelt , 590 pp , 54MB , PDF
GNU Health
by Luis Falcon , 2013 , online html
A Handbook of Health
by Woods Hutchinson , 1911
Handbook of Medical Entomology
by O. A. Johanssen , W. A. Riley , 1915
The Handbook of Ocular Disease Management
by J. W. Sowka , A. S. Gurwood , A. G. Kabat , 2009 , 63 pages , 1.6MB , PDF
Head Injury
National Collaborating Centre for Acute Care , 2007 , 231 pages , 1.5MB , PDF
Health Encyclopedia
faqs.org , 2009
The HELP Guide To Cerebral Palsy
by Nadire Berker , Selim Yalcin , 2010 , 148 pp , 7.8MB , PDF
Herbal Medicine : Biomolecular and Clinical Aspects
edited by Iris F. F. Benzie , Sissi Wachtel - Galor , 2011
Hip Fracture Outcomes in People Age 50 and Over
U.S. Government Printing Office , 1994 , 102 pp , 1.7MB , PDF
Histamine H4 Receptor
by Holger Stark , 2013 , 368 pp , multiple PDF files
History of Medicine
NLM Historical Collections , National Library of Medicine , 2009
How Tobacco Smoke Causes Disease
Office of the Surgeon General , 2011 , 792 pages , 12MB , PDF
Human Dignity and Bioethics
by Adam Schulman , Thomas W. Merrill , 2008 , 577 pp , 5.9MB , PDF
The Human Microbiome , Diet , and Health
by L. Pray , L. Pillsbury , E. Tomayko , 2012 , 158 pp , 1.7MB , PDF
Human Nutrition
by Alan Titchenal , et al. , 2018 , 667 pp , multiple formats
Innovative Medicine : Basic Research and Development
by Kazuwa Nakao , Nagahiro Minato , Shinji Uemoto , 2015 , 339 pp , multiple formats
Integrated Care for Older People
World Health Organization , 2017 , 60 pp , 1.2MB , PDF
The Joy of Visual Perception
by Peter K. Kaiser , 2009
The Management of Hip Fracture in Adults
National Clinical Guideline Centre , 2011 , 657 pp , 4.9MB , PDF
The Mechanism of the Human Voice
by Emil Behnke , 1881
Medical Aspects of Biological Warfare
by Martha K. Lenhart , et al .
2008 , 694 pages , PDF
Medical Aspects of Chemical and Biological Warfare
by Frederick R. Sidell , at al .
1997 , PDF
Medical Management of Biological Casualties
by Jon B. Woods , 2005 , 187 pages , 2.1MB , PDF
Medical Management of Chemical Casualties Handbook
Chemical Casualty Care Division , 1999
Medical Robotics
edited by Vanja Bozovic , 2008 , 526 pages , 11MB , PDF
Medicinal Chemistry and Drug Design
edited by Deniz Ekinci , 2012 , 406 pp , 11MB , PDF
Medicines By Design
National Institutes of Health , 2006 , 60 pages , 2.8MB , PDF
Men 's Business
A to Z
by Warwick Carter , 2012 , 59 pp , 2.4MB , PDF
Military Dermatology
by William D. James , 1994 , 617 pages , PDF
The New International Standard Medical and Health Encyclopedia
faqs.org , 2009
Nutrition Across the Lifespan for Healthy Aging
National Academies Press , 2017 , 169 pp , 3.8MB , PDF
Nutrition and Celiac Disease
by Carlo Catassi , Alessio Fasano ( eds ) , 2010 , 254 pp , 13MB , PDF
Nutrition and the Eye
by Frank Eperjesi , Hannah Bartlett , 2015 , 237 pp , 12MB , PDF
Nutrition Support for Adults
National Collaborating Centre for Acute Care , 2006
The Ocular Circulation
by Jeffrey W. Kiel , 2010 , 81 pages , 3.4MB , PDF
Ocular Diseases
edited by Adedayo Adio , 2012 , 186 pp , 8.9MB , PDF
On Fractures and Dislocations
by H. Helferich , J. Hutchinson , 1899
Otolaryngology
edited by Balwant Singh Gendeh , 2012 , 198 pp , 4.6MB , PDF
Outlines of Dairy Bacteriology
by E. G. Hastings and H. L. Russell , 1914
Pain Management
by Milica Prostran ( ed. ) , 2016 , 150 pp , multiple PDF files
Pain Relief : From Analgesics to Alternative Therapies
by Cecilia Maldonado , 2017 , 360 pp , multiple PDF files
Pharmacokinetics
by Philip Rowe , 2012 , 147 pp , 3.6MB , PDF
Pharmacology and Therapeutics
by Sivakumar Joghi Thatha Gowder ( ed. ) , 2014 , 356 pp , multiple PDF files
Pharmacotherapy
edited by Farid Badria , 2012 , 194 pp , 1.7MB , PDF
Physical Pharmacy : Physical Chemical Principles in the Pharmaceutical Sciences
by Alfred N. Martin , 1960
The Principles of Immunology
by H.T. Karsner , E.E. Ecker , 1921
Principles of Toxicology
by Paul Heroux , 2013 , 354 pp , 39MB , PDF
Psoriasis : Assessment and Management
National Clinical Guideline Centre , 2012 , 760 pp , 6.9MB , PDF
Reducing Weight Comfortably : The Dietetic Treatment of Obesity
by Gustav Gaertner , 1914 , 330 pp , multiple formats
Rehabilitation Robotics
edited by Sashi S Kommu , 2007 , 648 pages , 9.4MB , PDF
Relationships Among the Brain , the Digestive System , and Eating Behavior
National Academies Press , 2015 , 135 pp , 1.6MB , PDF
Reusability of Facemasks During an Influenza Pandemic : Facing the Flu
by Institute of Medicine , 2006 , 106 pages
Science in the Kitchen
by Ella Eaton Kellogg , 1893
Sexual Health
Wikibooks , 2011
Skin Deep : A Mind / Body Program for Healthy Skin
by Ted A. Grossbart , Carl Sherman , 2009 , 246 pages , 1.6MB , PDF
Some Drugs and Herbal Products
International Agency for Research on Cancer , 2016 , 438 pp , 8.7MB , PDF
Special Operations Forces Medical Handbook
by Steve Yevich , at al . 2001 , 23 pages , 40MB , PDF
Statistics at Square One
by T D V Swinscow , 2002
Statistics for Health , Life and Social Sciences
by Denis Anthony , 2011 , 292 pp , 5.6MB , PDF
Sustainable Diets : Food for Healthy People and a Healthy Planet
National Academies Press , 2014 , 156 pp , 3.1MB , PDF
Todar 's Online Textbook of Bacteriology
by Kenneth Todar , 2009
Tracheal Stenosis : Diagnosis and Treatment
by Badr E. Mostafa et al. 2012 , 70 pp , 1.6MB , PDF
A Traveler 's Guide to the History of Biology and Medicine
by Eric T. and Daphne Pengelley , 1986
Treatise of Implant Dentistry
by Ugo Pasqualini , Marco E Pasqualini , 2009 , 289 pp , online html
Vitamin C and Human Health
by Anitra C. Carr , Margreet C. M. Vissers , 2010 , 234 pp , 9.4MB , PDF
Vitamin D and Human Health
by Simon Spedding ( ed. ) , 2015 , 474 pp , 15MB , PDF
Webster 's New World Medical Dictionary
WebMD , 2008
Webvision : The Organization of the Retina and Visual System
by H. Kolb , E. Fernandez , R. Nelson , 2008
Weight Loss A to Z by Warwick Carter
by Warwick Carter , 2012 , 41 pp , 2.3MB , PDF
What You Need to Know About Infectious Disease
by Madeline Drexler , 2010 , 45 pp , 1.6MB , PDF
What You Need To Know About : Melanoma and Other Skin Cancers
National Cancer Institute , 2013 , 59 pp , 1.9MB , PDF
When A Doctor Hates A Patient : And Other Chapters in a Young Physician 's Life
by Richard E. Peschel and Enid Rhodes Peschel , 1986
When I'm 64
edited by L.L. Carstensen , C.R. Hartel , 2006 , 281 pp , 980KB , PDF
Wound Care
by Zena Moore ( ed. ) , 2015 , 189 pp , 3.7MB , PDF
This entry was posted on Thursday , December 3rd , 2009 at 12:00 am and is filed under Chapter 2 , Comic Pages .
Barnes and Noble says internal sales data shows the Nook e-reader is a hit .
The company says the device is now its fastest selling item .
Not bad considering the Nook does n’t officially go on sale until November 30 .
While the Nook , like Amazon ’s Kindle , pushes e-book technology further into the mainstream , neither is yet the killer product able to do for books what Apple ’s iPod did for music .
Mind you , Apple has a tablet waiting in the wings which could be the breakthrough reader .
For my money , e-book readers still need to be kinder on the eyes .
All the technology is now in place except good , readable , high - resolution screens that do n’t tire the eyes .
Early adopters wo n’t care about this , but most book lovers wo n’t switch to digital until the experience is as good as reading old - fashioned ink squirted on mashed - up trees .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Australia is forging ahead with plans to filter Internet content in a bid to stop its citizens accessing obscene and crime - linked Web sites .
Under the Chinese - style system , Internet service providers ( ISPs ) in the country would be legally obliged to filter out banned material .
The move would mean more than 1,300 sites that show child pornography , bestiality , sexual violence or give instructions about committing crime would be blocked .
The government says such a system would help protect people , especially children , from harmful material found online .
At the moment officials can order people to take down material if it is hosted online in Australia , but cannot directly regulate content hosted abroad .
However critics say filtering would not prevent determined users from sharing illegal content and could also see over - enthusiastic officials carrying out unnecessary censorship .
They also complain that it would slow down Internet speeds .
Outlining the plans , communication minister Stephen Conroy said an independent body would decide which sites should be blacklisted by being " refused classification " ( RC ) through a public complaint process .
" ISP filtering reduces the risk of Australians being inadvertently exposed to RC - rated material when they are online , " he said .
He added that a seven - month trial found blocking could be done with 100 % accuracy with little impact on connection speeds .
ISPs would also be given grants to provide additional filters tackling , for example , X - rated content and gambling sites , but this would not be compulsory .
Colin Jacobs , spokesman for online rights group Electronic Frontiers Australia , said of the plan : " Any motivated user will be able to get around it , it will be quite easy , so who is this being targeted at ? "
The legislation will be introduced to parliament in August 2010 and will take a year to implement .
Communist China is known for its wide Internet censorship under a system of controls nicknamed the " Great Firewall of China " .
When Doug Bower and his co-conspirator Dave Chorley first created a representation of a “ flying saucer nest ” in a wheat field in Wiltshire , England , in 1976 , they could not have foreseen that their work would become a cultural phenomenon .
Related Content Greetings From the Land of the Make - Believe Species
Almost as soon as crop circles became public knowledge , they attracted a gaggle of self - appointed experts .
An efflorescence of mystical and magical thinking , scientific and pseudo - scientific research , conspiracy theories and general pandemonium broke out .
The patterns stamped in fields were treated as a lens through which the initiated could witness the activity of earth energies and ancient spirits , the anguish of Mother Earth in the face of impending ecological doom , and evidence of secret weapons testing and , of course , aliens .
Today , one of the more vigorously promoted ideas is that they are messages , buried in complex numerological codes , concerning a Great Change connected to the pre-Columbian Mayan calendar and due to occur in 2012 .
To appreciate how these exotic responses arose , we need to delve a little into history .
Before today ’s circle - makers entered the picture , there had been scattered reports of odd patterns appearing in crops , ranging from 17th century pamphlets to an 1880 account in Nature to a letter from astronomer Patrick Moore printed in 1963 in New Scientist .
In Australia , the mid- to late - 1960s saw occasional reports of circles in crops , and they were often ascribed to UFO landings .
At around the same time in England , the Wiltshire town of Warminster became a center of UFO - seeking “ sky watches ” and gave birth to its own rumors of crop circles , or “ saucer nests . ”
None of these , unfortunately , was photographed .
It was such legends that Bower had in mind when , over a drink one evening in 1976 , he suggested to his pal Chorley : “ Let ’s go over there and make it look like a flying saucer has landed . ”
It was time , thought Doug , to see a saucer nest for himself .
Since then , crop circles have been reported worldwide in a multitude of crops .
In southern England , which sees most activity , circle - makers tend to concentrate on canola , barley and wheat .
These grow and are harvested in an overlapping progression : canola from April through May , barley throughout May and June , and wheat from June until early September .
In recent years the occasional rudimentary pattern has been found in corn , extending the crop circle season as late as October .
Since Bower and Chorley ’s circles appeared , the geometric designs have escalated in scale and complexity , as each year teams of anonymous circle - makers lay honey traps for New Age tourists .
A crucial clue to the circles ’ allure lies in their geographical context .
Wiltshire is the home of Stonehenge and an even more extensive stone circle in the village of Avebury .
The rolling downs are dotted with burial mounds and solitary standing stones , which many believe to be connected by an extensive network of “ leys , ” or paths of energy linking these enchanted sites with others around the country .
It is said that this vast network is overlaid in the form of “ sacred geometries . ”
The region has also given rise to a rich folklore of spectral black dogs , headless coachmen and haunted houses .
Crop circles are a lens through which we can explore the nature and appeal of hoaxes .
Fakes , counterfeits and forgeries are all around us in the everyday world — from dud $ 50 bills to spurious Picassos .
People ’s motives for taking the unreal as real are easily discerned : we trust our currency , and many people would like to own a Picasso .
The nebulous world of the anomalous and the paranormal is even richer soil for hoaxers .
A large proportion of the population believes in ghosts , angels , UFOs and ET visitations , fairies , psychokinesis and other strange phenomena .
These beliefs elude scientific examination and proof .
And it ’s just such proof that the hoaxer brings to the table for those hungry for evidence that their beliefs are not deluded .
False evidence intended to corroborate an existing legend is known to folklorists as “ ostension . ”
This process also inevitably extends the legend .
For , even if the evidence is eventually exposed as false , it will have affected people ’s perceptions of the phenomenon it was intended to represent .
Faked photographs of UFOs , Loch Ness monsters and ghosts generally fall under the heading of ostension .
Another example is the series of photographs of fairies taken by Elsie Wright and Frances Griffiths at Cottingley , Yorkshire , between 1917 and 1920 .
These show that the motive for producing such evidence may come from belief , rather than from any wish to mislead or play pranks .
One of the girls insisted till her dying day that she really had seen fairies — the manufactured pictures were a memento of her real experience .
And the photos were taken as genuine by such luminaries as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle — the great exponent , in his Sherlock Holmes stories , of logic .
The desire to promote evidence of anomalous and paranormal events as genuine springs from deep human longings .
One is a gesture toward rationalism — the notion that nothing is quite real unless it ’s endorsed by reasoned argument , and underwritten by more or less scientific proofs .
But the human soul longs for enchantment .
Those who do n’t find their instinctive sense of the numinous satisfied by art , literature or music — let alone the discoveries of science itself — may well turn to the paranormal to gratify an intuition that mystery dwells at the heart of existence .
Such people are perfectly placed to accept hoaxed evidence of unexplained powers and entities as real .
And so , the annual appearance of ever more complex patterns in the wheat fields of southern England is taken by “ croppies ” — the devotees who look beyond any prosaic solution for deeper explanations — as signs and wonders and prophecies .
The croppies do , however , accept that some people , some of the time , are making some of the formations .
They regard these human circle - makers as a nuisance , contaminators of the “ evidence , ” and denounce them as “ hoaxers . ”
The term is well chosen , for it implies social deviance .
And therein lies the twist in the story .
In croppy culture , common parlance is turned on its head .
The word “ genuine ” usually implies that something has a single , identifiable origin , of established provenance .
To the croppy it means the opposite : a “ genuine ” circle is of unknown provenance , or not man-made — a mystery , in other words .
It follows that the man -made circle is a “ hoax . ”
Those circle - makers who are prepared to comment on this semantic reversal do so with some amusement .
As far as they ’re concerned , they are creating art in the fields .
In keeping with New Age thought , it is by dissociating with scientific tradition that the circle - makers return art to a more unified function , where images and objects are imbued with special powers .
This art is intended to be a provocative , collective and ritual enterprise .
And as such , it is often inherently ambiguous and open to interpretation .
To the circle - maker , the greater the range of interpretations inspired in the audience the better .
Both makers and interpreters have an interest in the circles being perceived as magical , and this entails their tacit agreement to avoid questions of authorship .
This is essentially why croppies regard “ man-made ” circles as a distraction , a “ contamination . ”
Paradoxically , and unlike almost all other modern forms of art , a crop circle ’s potential to enchant is animated and energized by the anonymity of its author (s ) .
Doug Bower now tells friends that he wishes he had kept quiet and continued his nocturnal jaunts in secret .
Both circle - makers and croppies are really engaged in a kind of game , whose whole purpose is to keep the game going , to prolong the mystery .
After all , who would travel thousands of miles and trek through a muddy field to see flattened wheat if it were not imbued with otherworldly mystique ?
As things stand , the relationship between the circle - makers and those who interpret their work has become a curious symbiosis of art and artifice , deception and belief .
All of which raises the question :
Who ’s hoaxing whom ?
Enlarge By Joe Raedle , Getty Images Mark Rodgers shows his support near the front gate to Fort Hood Sunday in Killeen , Texas .
The personal website for a radical American imam living in Yemen who had contact with two Sept. 11 hijackers is praising alleged Fort Hood shooter Maj.
Nidal Malik Hasan as a hero .
One U.S. official said Monday that the government had discovered electronic communications that showed Hasan had reached out to the imam , Anwar Aulaqi , in the past .
But investigators said late Monday there was no indication Hasan was directed to attack or had help in the massacre last Thursday .
The posting Monday on the website for Aulaqi , who was a spiritual leader at two mosques where three Sept. 11 hijackers worshipped , said American Muslims who condemned the attacks on the Texas military post last week are hypocrites who have committed treason against their religion .
Two U.S. intelligence officials told The Associated Press the website was Aulaqi's .
They spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence collection .
Aulaqi said the only way a Muslim can justify serving in the U.S. military is if he intends to " follow in the footsteps of men like Nidal . "
Regarding the alleged communications between Hasan and Aulaqi , the messages were picked up by U.S. counterterror officials , but an inquiry into the matter was shelved because the contacts were not deemed to suggest a threat , said a U.S. official who was not authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Investigators now are trying to determine whether Hasan has any links to terror groups .
Hasan 's family held his mother 's funeral at the Dar al - Hijrah Islamic Center in Falls Church , Va. , on May 31 , 2001 , according to her obituary in The Roanoke Times newspaper .
Aulaqi was an imam there at that time .
The mosque released a statement to " openly denounce " Aulaqi .
" As we understand the teaching of the scriptures , our mission and method as Americans of faith is to enrich our society with service , wisdom and beautiful preaching of God 's love and mercy to all of mankind , " the statement said .
It said that while at the mosque , Aulaqi's " public speech was consistent with the values of tolerance and cooperation . "
But it added that after returning to Yemen , Aulaqi changed his tone and " has clearly set himself apart from Muslims in America .
We continue to send our condolences and prayers for recovery of all the victims of this godless act . "
Meanwhile , the Obama administration and top military leaders are discouraging an anti-Muslim backlash in the aftermath of the shooting .
Army Chief of Staff Gen. George Casey and Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano on Sunday echoed weekend remarks by President Obama cautioning against saying that religion played a role in the attack or that it was " terrorism . "
Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , an American - born Muslim , is suspected of being the lone gunman in the attack Thursday that killed 13 and wounded 29 .
" Speculation could potentially heighten a backlash against some of our Muslim soldiers , " Casey said .
Added Napolitano : " This was an individual who does not represent the Muslim faith . "
AFTERMATH : Ford
Hood fellowship mourns MORE : Alleged shooter tied to mosque of 9/11 hijackers ' FRESH START ' : Suspect had trouble elsewhere Obama lauded the armed services ' diversity .
" They are Americans of every race , faith and station .
They are Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus and non-believers , " he said .
Muslim and Arab groups have reported a few threats of violence , plus angry phone calls and hateful e-mails .
So far , the harsh words have n't turned to action .
" We have n't heard of anything violent , which is a good thing , " said Ibrahim Hooper , spokesman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations , a Muslim advocacy group .
" It shows our society has matured in how it responds to these incidents . "
He said the Obama administration and the military are setting the right tone .
Michael Weinstein , president of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , disagreed , saying the response has been far too weak to protect Muslim military personnel .
The military and FBI are investigating whether Hasan was motivated by Islamic terrorism .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , a Connecticut independent , said he wanted to know whether the Army missed signs that Hasan was voicing extremist views , calling the shootings a " terrorist act . "
Contributing : David Cauchon and Associated Press Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Frequently in the universal health care debate , those opposed are asserted to be selfish .
I am one of those amoral , self - serving bastards that would rather see people die than part with any of my money – at least , this is how it ’s presented .
“ How can anyone of good conscience not be concerned about helping those in need ?
Are n’t we our brother ’s keeper ?
We all have a moral obligation to care for others . ”
Liberty - minded people often respond , “ The route suggested to accomplish these good deeds requires coercion and force by government .
Robbing to help someone else is still robbery . ”
This is a valid argument to me , but will only appeal to those with similar views .
Others quickly dismiss the argument as a questionable analogy .
Those advocating being our “ brother ’s keeper ” will still be convinced they have the moral high ground , because they are talking about saving lives and we are defending abstract concepts .
For them , the debate between the realities of someone dying vs. an aloof concept of personal freedom is foolish .
To them , freedom is n’t a real and tangible thing .
I understand .
You ca n’t say , “ Here –have a big ol ’ cup of freedom on me . ”
Freedom is n’t something you can roll around in and say , “ Damn , this freedom feels good today ! ”
You ca n’t eat freedom , freedom wo n’t keep you warm , and it sure wo n’t heal the sick .
To the liberty - minded , however , freedom is every bit as real as slavery .
Unfortunately , it is n’t obvious just how real and vital freedom is until that freedom has been lost .
Freedom is a hard sell in a world that is n’t meeting the basic needs of all its inhabitants .
When I say , “ I do n’t believe my needs and wants supersede the rights of others , ” the response is often , “ So others have to die so you can have your freedom ?
Sleep well , you cold - hearted bastard . ”
Just because there is n’t a state - run program to solve a given problem does n’t mean no one cares .
We rely on the morality of others every day , simply not realizing how much we depend on this moral capital .
We do n’t need police everywhere people gather , because only a small percentage of the population steals or harms others .
Police do n’t create peace ; they are there to preserve peace that the group as a whole created spontaneously .
It ’s true that relying on the kindness of others does n’t sound very reliable .
A law stating your needs will be taken care of is much more concrete ( and comforting ) than arguing people might choose to help if they are in the mood .
To many , laws and police just force us to be good people .
Some seem to believe laws create civility , rather than civil people created laws to protect one another from harm .
Anti-big - government types will point out times the government has n’t helped at all–when it was people on the spot that saw a need and solved problems .
I wholeheartedly agree that immediate needs are best met by free people taking action in the moment– as in the Christmas terrorist plot thwarted by a passenger .
It ’s a matter of having faith in others .
You either do or you do n’t .
I have faith in others because I experienced their kindness many times in my life , but I know others are rightfully cynical , because they ’ve experienced cruelty .
Several countries have a state religion .
In some , people are put to death for joining a different faith –that state believes allowing the people to choose for themselves what is right and wrong is courting immorality .
To the state , having a state religion that mandates morality makes for moral people .
In reality , you ca n’t have a moral society without free will .
State religions are akin to having someone follow you around your whole life with a gun to your head , telling you to “ be good . ”
Even if you would choose to act morally on your own , you ca n’t take credit for acts of kindness , because someone else made the decision for you .
The people with the most freedom are the most moral people , because their kindness is a choice .
I do believe I have a moral obligation to care about others .
I am my brother ’s keeper .
I draw distinctions between helping others , forcing others to help , and forcing help upon others .
Forcing others to help is immoral , because I would be taking away their right to decide what is caring .
I like to think of myself as a caring and giving person , but I know there are others more caring and giving .
I strive to be more like them .
Striving to become a better person is a basic human right , as important as freedom of speech and freedom of religion .
Forcing others to act in a caring manner dehumanizes them by robbing them of their own normal and natural development .
Forcing people to wear seat belts has saved lives .
Forcing people to get regular checkups would save lives , and forcing people to treat illnesses will save lives .
In matters of life and death , is it wrong to use force to save lives ?
If someone was terminally ill and there was a painful procedure that could prolong their life by a week , would you force the procedure ?
Where would you draw the line at when force is appropriate ?
What if the procedure would keep them alive for a month , six months , a year –where is the line between caring and cruelty ?
A moral obligation to help others does n’t make it right to force that help upon others .
The moral high ground is in being our brother ’s keeper , and with it comes with the moral obligation of defending our brother ’s free will .
( CNN ) -- A Salvation Army major was shot dead in front of his three children on Christmas Eve in North Little Rock , Arkansas , authorities said .
Maj .
Philip Wise , 40 , was gunned down Thursday .
He was found lying by the back entrance of a Salvation Army facility , said police spokesman Sgt. Terry Kuykendall .
Wise apparently dropped two bell ringers off at home and returned to the Salvation Army building with his three children , ages 4 , 6 and 8 .
Two men carrying handguns approached them and demanded money before shooting Wise , Kuykendall said .
The suspects fled on foot .
Police received a 911 call at 4:17 p.m. Pulaski County Coroner Garland Camper said Wise 's wife , Cindy , made the call from inside the building .
" My heart goes out for the family , losing their dad , and I guess having to witness it during this time of year , " Camper told CNN affiliate KARK .
" It 's definitely going to be hard on the kids . "
Wise had been active in the Salvation Army for 16 years and was assigned to the Baring Cross neighborhood of North Little Rock for the past three years .
Area Commander Maj .
Harvey Johnson said the Salvation Army will hold a news conference on Christmas Day .
" We would hope that whoever the perpetrators are would step forward , " he said .
The Salvation Army , an international movement , is an evangelical part of the universal Christian Church .
It is perhaps best known for its donation centers and bell ringers who collect money for the needy during the holiday season .
It was the year of Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves , the PS3 Slim , the price drop , dynamic themes , and oh so much more – this was 2009 in the land of the PlayStation 3 .
With another 365 about to be under our belts , IGN is happy to pour a cup of coffee , sit down to our computers , and tell you all about what Sony 's baby did and did n't do in '09 .
We 're going to talk about the major stories , the big deal events , where the system is , and where it 's going .
Are you ready to go beyond the " It Just Does Everything " commercials ?
Then click on , friend .
This is the PlayStation 3 2009 Year in Review .
2009 was undoubtedly the best year yet for the PlayStation 3 .
The game lineup was phenomenal , sales of the console have started picking up in a big way , and the positive mindshare of the PS3 amongst gamers has seemed to increase a lot over these past 12 months .
Yes indeed , this really was the PlayStation 3's year .
The biggest news was obviously the introduction of the new PlayStation 3 form factor , which most people refer to as the Slim .
Whatever you call it ( Sony just calls it the PS3 ) , the accompanying price drop was enough to really open the flood gates for sales ( as well as good vibes ) .
Some folks may say that the $ 299 price tag still came too late , and while it certainly would have been nice to have seen it at that point six or twelve months earlier , all of the bad times really seem to be ancient history now .
While the price drop was certainly a huge reason for this , the influx of awesome games that hit the PS3 this year was the other half of the puzzle .
Killzone 2 was released early in the year and somehow actually managed to live up to the years of hype , both in terms of gameplay and visuals .
Other major exclusive releases like Infamous , Ratchet & Clank Future : A Crack in Time , the God of War Collection and Demon 's Souls gave the PlayStation 3 owners plenty of reasons to be happy .
And then there 's Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves .
The release of Uncharted 2 was an important spot on the PS3's lifecycle as it was one of the three biggest games ( along with God of War III and Gran Turismo 5 ) that potential PS3 owners were waiting to purchase a system for .
Coupling the price drop to $ 299 in mid-September with Uncharted 2's release a month later was really the lighthouse signal that fence sitters needed to finally pony - up for the console .
The PlayStation Network also saw a fantastic year , with releases like Shatter , Fat Princess , PixelJunk Shooter , Critter Crunch , Peggle and Braid really raising the bar for what you 'll find on the network .
Not all of them were exclusive , mind you , but there 's no denying that the quality of the content this year was fantastic .
And all of that does n't even include the awesome third - party , cross- platform titles that hit shelves in 2009 .
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , Street Fighter IV , Assassin's Creed II , Batman : Arkham Asylum and lots , lots more basically made sure that gamers ' wallets were empty year - round , for better or worse .
Sony also had a great showing at this year 's E3 , formally announcing the likes of Gran Turismo 5 while also finally pulling the cover off of Team ICO 's next release , The Last Guardian .
Regardless of how big 2009 was for the PlayStation 3 , it made sure to show fans that this was n't everything it had up its sleeve .
On the sad end of the scale , 2009 also brought lots of studio closures ( and some corresponding game cancellations ) , though fortunately Sony 's main development houses seem to have made it through the tough times intact , which is great news for PS3 owners .
Again , this really felt like the year when the PlayStation 3 stood up , made a ( good ) name for itself and , in many ways , outshined the competition .
Sony has been saying for a long time now that its strategy for the PS3 has been a long - term one where it'll outlast the competition , and that its library would become the best on the market .
2009 was really the first time when this looks to have been proven as a legitimate stance and that it could actually pay off in the end .
When you have a year like this and still have the likes of God of War III , Gran Turismo 5 and The Last Guardian to look forward to ( not to mention countless other great titles ) , you can't help but be happy with how the PlayStation 3 is doing these days .
Image : NASA
There is no doubt that science has become more like science fiction in the past decade , with amazing innovations and discoveries that increased our understanding of the universe .
We list ten of the biggest science stories from the past decade .
Advertisement
This was the decade of the first face transplant , the first extinct species brought back from the dead , and printable human tissue ; a decade that brought us closer to synthetic life forms and the invisibility cloak .
But we ’ve whittled it down to ten of the decade ’s biggest science stories , with discoveries , advances , and topics that are sure to change our lives in the next ten years .
Advertisement
Image : NASA
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It ’s Full of Planets :
This was a big decade for planets , and not just because Pluto got a downgrade .
In 2005 , astronomers discovered Eris , a dwarf planet larger Pluto ( as well as smaller dwarf planets Haumea and Makemake ) .
Eris ’ discovery prompted the International Astronomical Union to actually define the term planet , leading to Pluto ’s demotion to dwarf planet .
But the discovery of Eris after all this time suggests there is still a lot to learn about our solar system .
We also got our first direct look at exoplanets , worlds outside our solar system , thanks to the Hubble Telescope .
In 2008 , astronomers at the Keck and Gemini captured the first images of planets orbiting distant stars .
And the planetary discoveries just keep getting more exciting ; just this week , astronomers announced that they had observed a super - Earth that might be made largely of liquid water .
Advertisement
First Pictures Of Four Alien Planets !
Meet the neighbors .
The Hubble Space Telescope has managed to snap our first picture of a planet …
Read more
Advertisement
Image : NASA
Water , Water Everywhere :
The world watched on as the Phoenix Lander dug through the Martian terrain for signs of water on the Red Planet .
In the summer of 2008 , NASA announced it had found definitive proof of water ice on Mars .
More recently , scientists discovered that large deposits of water ice exist beneath the planet ’s surface .
This fall , the moon became the center of our watery attention when astronomers found evidence of water throughout the moon ’s surface .
Although the supervillainous plot to bomb the moon did n’t seem as initially impressive as we had hoped , the probe did confirm researchers ’ suspicions that the moon does , in fact , contain a significant amount of frozen water .
These discoveries not only reveal more about our solar system , they indicate that , should humans try to colonize Mars or the moon , there will be resources to make survival a little easier .
Advertisement
http://io9.com/5031673/yes-there-is-water-on-mars-++-but-you-cant-drink-it
Advertisement
Image : Getty
Advertisement
Shaking Up the Human Family Tree : Humanity got a new great - great - grandmother ( or perhaps she ’s our great - great - great - aunt ) in Ardi , a fossilized hominid skeleton found in Ethiopia .
Granted , Ardipithecus ramidus was discovered in 1992 , but it was n’t until 2009 that she was revealed as a significant addition to our family tree .
Although there ’s technically no “ missing link ” because humans did n’t evolve from chimpanzees , Ardi is , so far , our closest link to chimps , and brings us closer to the common human - chimp ancestor than ever before .
Analysis of Ardi ’s skeleton and probably anatomy reveals just how unlike either chimps that common ancestor is bound to be .
One of the Ardi researchers even quipped that when we find that common ancestor , it might look less like we evolved from a chimp - like creature and more like chimps evolved from creatures more like us .
Advertisement
Image : NASA
The Book of Life Recorded : Our understanding of human genetics reached a new milestone with the mapping of the human genome .
The Human Genome Project announced a rough draft of the human genome in 2000 , followed by a more complete version in 2003 ; the sequence of the last chromosome was published in 2006 .
Though the genome has n’t been 100 percent mapped , the Human Genome Project has completed its mapping goals .
We still have to interpret the sequences we have recorded , but hopefully as we translate the book of our genetic lives , we will get a better understand of how our genes interact and improve our treatment of genetic diseases .
Plus , the project has paved the way for sequencing other critters and plants , and , just this week , the lung cancer and melanoma genomes were sequenced .
Advertisement
Image : Getty
Changing Your Genes :
The promises of genetic engineering have really begun to bear fruit in the last few years , in ways far beyond Alba , the glowing transgenic bunny that grabbed headlines in 2000 .
In 1999 , an 18 - year - old with a , inherited liver disease died during a gene therapy trial , after suffering an unanticipated immune reaction to a viral vector .
But in more recent years , gene therapy and genetic engineering have shown their promise .
In 2000 , scientists reported the first gene therapy success , having provided a patient with severe combine immunodeficiency ( commonly known as “ Bubble Boy ” syndrome ) , though SCID gene therapy treatments were halted when patients developed leukemia .
This year , gene therapy successfully treated children with a congenital form of blindness , giving them the ability to see for the first time in their lives .
Meanwhile , genetic engineering experiments on animals have cured color blindness in monkeys , created super - strong monkeys , created drug - producing rats , and enabled animals to pass their altered genes to their offspring .
Advertisement
http://io9.com/5361413/gene-therapy-has-color+blind-monkeys-seeing-red-and-green
Gene Therapy Creates Superstrong Monkeys
It 's not quite a supersoldier serum , but researchers have increased strength and muscle mass in …
Read more
Advertisement
http://io9.com/5320886/scientists-create-families-of-mutant-drug+producing-rats
Image : Getty
Advertisement
Stem Cells Grow Up : Embryonic stem cells have been a source of contention for years , but in 2007 , Shinya Yamanaka helped sidestep that issue when he found a way to reprogram adult skin cells into induced pluripotent stem cells .
Stem cells themselves have continued to aid important medical advances .
In 2008 , researchers generated motor neurons from elderly patients with ALS , an advance that could help researchers better understand the disease .
A newly released study has suggested that a mini stem cell transplant could reverse sickle cell disease , and stem cell research has lead to advances in HIV research and the treatment of heart disease .
Advertisement
Photo : AP
Advertisement
Climate Change Takes Center Stage :
One of the biggest science stories of the decade has been less about scientific advances than about how the public responds to scientific research .
Reports that the glaciers are melting faster than expected , a decade of record warmth , and Al Gore ’s Nobel Prize have all been part of the conversation on climate change and to what extent humans are responsible .
Image : NASA
Advertisement
Commercial Spacecrafts Prepare to Take Flight : Amidst NASA budget cuts , commercial spaceflight has come to the forefront .
The Ansari X Prize , first offered in 1996 for the first private enterprise that could fly a three - passenger vehicle 100 kilopmeters into space twice in one week .
In 2004 , the prize was finally won by Mojave Aerospace Ventures ’ SpaceShipOne .
That same year , Virgin Galactic was founded to further space tourism .
The company recently unveiled SpaceShipTwo , the first commercial spacecraft .
2004 also saw the certification of the Mojave Air and Space Port , the first licensed facility for horizontal launches of reusable spacecraft in the US .
In anticipation of the spaceflight business , one company claims it ’s readying a space hotel .
Advertisement
Image : Getty
Our Cyborg Present :
In the last decade , humans and machines have gotten closer than ever .
We have machines that can read our memories , computers that let us type with our brains , and robotic arms controlled by monkey minds .
Perhaps the most impressive cyborg advances have come in the last few months , with researchers hooking amputees up to robotic arms that not only respond to electrical signals from the human brain , but also provide tactile feedback .
Advertisement
http://io9.com/5368169/brain+reading-machines-know-what-youve-seen
Advertisement
Image : Getty
Advertisement
The LHC Comes Online : The Large Hadron Collider has just begun colliding proton beams , but its construction represents one of the most ambitious scientific undertakings ever .
The immense particle accelerator will hopefully give us first - hand observations of aspects of the universe that have been , thus far , the realm of theoretical physics .
Despite fears from doomsayers that the LHC would destroy the world and a series of mishaps that led to claims that the device was being sabotaged from the future , the LHC came online this year and quickly got to smashing protons at record - breaking speeds .
Advertisement
http://io9.com/5411268/undeterred-by-time+traveling-saboteurs-the-lhc-begins-colliding
More compensation could be on the way to people who lost their money
Administrators of the collapsed investment bank Lehman Brothers have agreed a plan to return $ 11bn ( £ 6.9 bn ) to former investors .
PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) said more than 90 % of affected investors - with assets still locked in Lehmans - had agreed to the deal .
PwC is responsible for winding down the Lehman Brothers ' European operations .
It held $ 32bn of client assets when it collapsed at the height of the banking crisis in September 2008 .
Since then $ 13.3 bn has already been returned to investors , who are mainly large hedge funds and investment companies .
The agreement forms part of an attempt to speed up the administration of Lehmans .
PwC had warned previously that it could take a decade or more to wind up the bank 's European operations .
One of Mr. Roth ’s early trials involved running electricity through the trimmings to kill bacteria , Dr. Theno and others said .
Mr. Roth eventually settled on ammonia , which had been shown to suppress spoilage .
Meat is sent through pipes where it is exposed to ammonia gas , and then flash frozen and compressed  all steps that help kill pathogens , company research found .
The treated beef landed in Washington in 2001 , when federal officials were searching for ways to eliminate E. coli .
Beef Products already had one study showing its treatment would do that ; another company - sponsored study by an Iowa State University professor that was published in a professional journal seconded that finding .
Mr. Roth asserted that his product would kill pathogens in untreated meat when it was used as an ingredient in ground beef  raising the prospect of a risk - free burger .
“ Given the technology , we firmly believe that the two pathogens of major concern in raw ground beef  E. coli O157:H7 and salmonella  are on the verge of elimination , ” Mr. Roth wrote to the department .
The Food and Drug Administration signed off on the use of ammonia , concluding it was safe when used as a processing agent in foods .
This year , a top official with the U.S.D.A. ’s Food Safety and Inspection Service said , “ It eliminates E. coli to the same degree as if you cooked the product . ”
Carl S. Custer , a former U.S.D.A. microbiologist , said he and other scientists were concerned that the department had approved the treated beef for sale without obtaining independent validation of the potential safety risk .
Another department microbiologist , Gerald Zirnstein , called the processed beef " pink slime " in a 2002 e-mail message to colleagues and said , “ I do not consider the stuff to be ground beef , and I consider allowing it in ground beef to be a form of fraudulent labeling . ”
One of the toughest hurdles for Beef Products was the Agricultural Marketing Service , the U.S.D.A. division that buys food for school lunches .
Officials cited complaints about the odor , and wrote in a 2002 memorandum that they had “ to determine if the addition of ammonia to the product is in the best interest to A.M.S. from a quality standpoint . ”
“ It is our contention , ” the memo added , “ that product should be labeled accordingly . ”
Represented by Dennis R. Johnson , a top lawyer and lobbyist for the meat industry , Beef Products prevailed on the question of whether ammonia should be listed as an ingredient , arguing that the government had just decided against requiring another company to list a chemical used in treating poultry .
Information
Filename :
Size : 508x388
Uploaded : 2009 -12-31
Tags
figaro the cafe sucre cacao fail alqaida
Popular tags on the site
manga stephy dilbert cia cat magic bonton comic krystal 1999 bier emma forza hr_giger 1nsane ranma fxc renee ryushin_09 ryushin_15 yuko family ryushin_14 falco donnamodelo.com sprites chubby shevington mariage motivational himos rx7 giger paintball spain megaten rippenspreizer avril death_note ka_series_l glastonbury soepkip smashing rwpeuro2006 cheerleader jessica ebooks wallpaper dubai
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Mass Effect 2 ' Engineer ' Class Powers Up Following last week 's reveal of Mass Effect 2's biotic A
The tech specialist now takes on a more active role through combat drones , damaging fire and freezing ice attacks , and improved hacking which properly turns mechanical opponents into allies , as well as heavy pistols -- such as the X - 3A Predator -- and submachine guns .
Mass Effect 2 arrives for PC - - system requirements and DRM details here -- and Xbox 360 on January 26 , 2010 .
A Collector 's Edition includes various virtual and physical goodies .
Just 13 parsecs away , a planet astronomers are calling a " super Earth " is orbiting a dwarf star .
Its radius is over twice that of Earth , and there 's something very surprising in its core .
Advertisement
Known by the designation GJ1214b , this planet is , according to a paper published yesterday in Nature , one of just two super Earths found recently .
It has " a composition of primarily water enshrouded by a hydrogen–helium envelope , " and its atmosphere has evolved a great deal over time ( much like Earth's ) .
Unlike another super Earth discovered recently , CoRoT - 7b , this new super Earth has an atmosphere that can be studied fairly easily due to the size of its star and close proximity .
What 's most intriguing is that this super Earth appears to be made up of possibly 75 percent water .
Unlike Earth , which has a molten rock and metal core , GJ1214b probably has a core made of water too .
( Those of you who read Iain M. Banks ' novel The Algebraist are probably grinning right now . )
Astronomers are n't entirely certain that the planet is water - this is just an educated guess based the planet 's density , which was calculated by observing how much the red dwarf dimmed when this planet passed in front of it .
Advertisement
Given its distance from the dwarf , GJ1214 b 's surface temperature could be as much as 530 degrees Fahrenheit .
On Earth , water at that temperature would boil off into steam .
So it 's likely that something about GJ1214 b 's atmosphere is keeping its oceans in an ultrahot liquid state .
Basically , we 've got a giant boiling ball of water - the perfect place to breed weird new life .
via Nature
A 14 - year - old girl drowned as she trained for a tough moorland hiking challenge after a teacher insisted her group carry on despite terrible weather conditions , an inquest heard today .
Public schoolgirl Charlotte Shaw died after being swept away in a swollen stream on Dartmoor in Devon as she tried to cross the white water .
Her classmate Yasmin Moore , now 17 , said all the teenagers in their group had asked to stop the hike but had been told to carry on by the teacher , Christopher Fuller .
The group had been supervised by Fuller and other teachers on the first day of the overnight expedition in March 2007 but then set out on their own the next day to learn how to cope unsupervised .
They had been walking for around three hours when they met Fuller , by which time it was raining and hailing and they were soaked through after falling in boggy ground .
Yasmin said : " When we met Mr Fuller at Rough Tor as a group everyone decided we wanted to come off the moor .
We were all wet and cold .
He only let one of us off .
Most of us were in tears .
He said to carry on and that if we got through that day we would find the real thing easy .
We were really angry that we could not come off . "
The group had been training for the Ten Tors challenge , a gruelling hike organised by the British army , when they were faced with crossing the swollen Wallabrook stream .
There was an island a metre into the four - metre - wide stream and they all had to reach it and then jump to the other side .
Yasmin said : " We met two men who told us we had to cross the river to meet the teacher .
I thought it was crazy because all I could see was white water and I estimated it to be about three metres deep .
There was water rushing everywhere . "
She said most of the group managed to cross the stream with help from the two men but then Charlotte was left on the island .
" I was scrambling up the bank on the other side when I heard the man say to Charlotte : ' Chuck me the bag ' .
She did n't scream or panic or anything .
She had it with both hands but it went into the water and she went in with it . "
Charlotte , a pupil at Edgehill College in Bideford , north Devon , was carried 150 m downstream and held under water by the force of the current .
Emergency services arrived and Charlotte , from Torrington , Devon , was airlifted to Derriford Hospital but later died .
A post -mortem examination found the cause of Charlotte 's death to be cardiac arrest due to drowning , Devon coroner 's court was told .
The inquest hearing , in Exeter , is expected to run until 22 December .
Mega - wealthy lawyer , businessman , and political backer Scott Rothstein called me last week and told me he was the " Jewish Avenger " and was out to destroy me .
​ Rothstein was n't joking ; he was seething .
He told me he was going
to sue me and my wife and bankrupt my household .
Rothstein , the managing partner of the law firm Rothstein Rosenfeldt & Adler , said he would throw all his legal might at me until I could never " participate in the journalism community again . "
He even said he was going to throw a news conference about me for the TV stations .
Related Stories Get Legal Advice From Scott Rothstein's Disbarred Attorney Steven Lippman This Month
" Most people figure if you 're left alone , you 'll go away , " Rothstein told me .
" They figure they should let a sleeping dog lie .
I like to jab the dog in the eye .
And if it bites me , I 'll jab its eye out . "
Rothstein once told me he had 43 voices in his head , ranging from lawyers to businessmen to guys from the Bronx streets where he grew up .
I felt like there were about five of the latter type on the phone line .
It was sort of a phone - call version of being mugged by a gang of hooligans in Central Park .
And I wondered how Rothstein , who not only runs a major law firm and is a major political donor but who also has vast business interests , had so much time for me .
This was a guy who , with his partner Tony Bova , recently bought the Versace mansion on South Beach in addition to other businesses .
And what I had written about him was always fair and truthful to the point that people had remarked to me that I was soft on him ( and I do n't hear that often ) .
Do n't worry ; I did n't roll over .
I told him that I did n't know who he 's used to dealing with but that he could n't bully me , that we were n't on a New York playground , and that he was acting like a childish small - timer .
And I told him that if he wanted
to come at me , he should come at me and leave my wife alone .
This really is n't personal , certainly not for me , and I do n't think for him either .
It 's about politics and money and who influences the people you elect .
It 's about the nature of power in Broward County , and it's about Rothstein not wanting me to document the connections between his interests and taxpayers ' money .
And it all happened because of a phone call I 'd made to state Rep. Evan Jenne ( D - Dania Beach ) .
Jenne and Edify
I called Jenne last Wednesday after I had done a little digging into one of the companies that pays him as a consultant .
Jenne does contract work for Edify LLC , a health - care firm in which Rothstein is a substantial investor and sits on the board .
Jenne had told me in July that the companies he worked for did n't do business with the state , a statement I duly noted on the Pulp at the time .
Then I learned that Edify has two lobbyists in Tallahassee to influence state government , so I wondered if what he 'd said was true .
Jenne told me that Edify does no business with the Legislature but that it has some interest in certain state agencies .
I mentioned to Jenne that it seemed he was becoming increasingly linked with Rothstein , who has contributed many hundreds of thousands of dollars to political campaigns , mostly of the GOP variety ( though he has recently contributed big bucks to Democrat Alex Sink in her bid for governor ) .
Jenne , of course , is a Democrat .
Here are a few of the additional ties between Jenne and Rothstein 's law firm and businesses :
-- Jenne formed a company earlier this year called Blue Banyan , which is the business through which Edify and another company pays him .
Jenne is the lone principal of the company ; listed as the registered agent for Blue Banyan is an attorney with Rothstein 's law firm .
-- Rothstein hired Jenne 's father , former sheriff and convicted felon Ken Jenne , to work at his law firm after he was released from prison .
-- One of Edify 's Tallahassee lobbyists is Grant Smith .
Evan Jenne told me that Grant Smith is a lifelong family friend of his and helped him get through the indictment and imprisonment of his father .
Smith had experienced a similar family disaster when his own dad , former U.S. Congressman Larry Smith , was convicted of tax evasion and lying to election officials about the use of campaign funds to pay gambling debts .
Grant Smith is also employed at Rothstein 's law firm .
Evan Jenne said he got the $ 30,000 gig with Edify after randomly bumping into Edify CEO Howard Gruverman , a Rothstein partner .
Jenne said he was hired to help the firm administratively and to help " chart a path " for its future .
" Right now in this economy , you work where the work is , " said Jenne , who previously worked for a local bank .
" They needed help , and I was able to give it to them . "
I asked him about the nature of Edify 's interests in Tallahassee and whether he'd ever helped them in the capital .
" I literally do n't know about any activities they have except what they have spoken to me about , " he said .
" I have no idea what they do up there .
I stay away from it . "
Edify has worked closely with the state Department of Health to develop wellness programs and also influences certain health - care legislation , Grant Smith told me .
He said the company has never had a monetary contract with the state , though he said it may try to procure one in the future .
" Edify is a health and wellness consulting company , and they have an interest in general public policy as it relates to wellness and health care , " Smith said .
The company does have business with other governmental bodies , including the Broward County Commission and the Palm Beach County School Board ( both contracts are worth about $ 300,000 a year ) .
There is no indication that Jenne has done anything unethical , and he says he contacted the Florida Commission on Ethics before accepting the job .
But his work for Edify was worth reporting , as was Rothstein 's stake in the company and its efforts at the state level and its work with Broward governments .
I was n't sure when I was going to write about it , though , and I began to work on another story .
Then Rothstein called .
The Rant
A couple of hours after I spoke with Jenne , Rothstein called and quickly went on the attack .
He told me that he was aware of my call to Jenne and that he was tired of me " harming " good people , his friends , who did n't deserve it .
He then said he was going to try to put an end to my career .
" I 'm going to sue your wife , and I am going to file a suit against you , " he said .
He then went on a three - minute beratement , telling me he was going to basically lay my existence to waste .
It was a barrage of words .
I can't pretend to quote that part of it verbatim .
But the message was clear :
He was going to destroy me .
I did n't take these threats kindly , especially since I had no idea why he had flown into this fit ( other than my having the audacity to call a state representative on the phone ) .
" Are you a child ? " I asked him .
" You think that I can't cover you when you pour tens of thousands of dollars into local campaigns ?
You think I can't cover a state representative because of you ? "
Then I asked him what he was talking about , suing my wife , a reporter for the Sun-Sentinel .
" She did an investigation on me , and while doing it , she did damage to me , " he said .
I 'm not going to get too deep into that , and I do n't know much about it , but my wife did do a story with another reporter recently about Rothstein 's getting personal protection from the Fort Lauderdale Police Department at a cost of more than $ 1,000 a day .
It was a perfectly professional and journalistically important article , and from what I can tell , there 's nothing factually wrong with it .
It seems to me that Rothstein simply wants to control the way he is covered by the media -- and throwing fits and threatening lawsuits is part of his strategy .
The first time I ever spoke to him , he said that if I ever wrote anything unfactual about him , he would " live in [ my ] house . "
Yes , it was a threat .
I sort of wish I could ignore Rothstein , but the guy has his hands in all kinds of things these days .
It 's hard to ignore Rothstein when he 's hiring public police to guard his home .
Or when he pours money into political campaigns .
Or when he holds a fundraiser at his home for a presidential candidate ( John McCain ) or gubernatorial candidate ( Charlie Crist ) .
Or when his business partner , Bova , threw $ 150,000 into a political committee to do attack ads on opponents of current Broward Sheriff Al Lamberti .
Or when Rothstein teams up with infamous GOP political consultant Roger Stone , a famous dirty trickster who got his start with Richard Nixon , to help achieve his political aims .
Or when Rothstein hires former elected officials , judges , and prosecutors to work at his law firm .
You can't not report on those things .
Rothstein is n't just a public figure due to his deep political involvement either .
He and Bova have been buying up restaurants around town and most recently purchased the famed Versace mansion on South Beach .
He 's becoming a business mogul .
On top of that , he 's an interesting character ( and as a reporter , I like that about him ) .
When I came back at him during the phone call , he suddenly calmed down and told me to do the same .
Then he asked if I had any more questions about Jenne .
I did , but I kept going back to the fact that he had just berated me for five minutes telling me he was going to destroy me and my family .
" You said you were going to sue my wife and own my house , " I told him .
" No , I did n't , " he said .
" I told you I was going to bankrupt you .
I can't get your house because of homestead laws . "
I asked him what I had written that was factually incorrect , and he would n't answer .
But at least we were now speaking in civil tones , which seemed to represent progress .
I asked whom he believed I had harmed .
He just started talking about his " friends . "
" I 'm going to take you to task for the damage you cause people , " he said , before going into the bit about the sleeping dog and the poking of eyes .
OK , he was going to sue my wife and jab my eye out ( figuratively , at least ) .
It was getting unfriendly again .
" You know who you have hurt , " he said .
" It 's the death of a thousand cuts .
You take them apart little by little until there 's nothing left of them .
Think of me as the Jewish Avenger . "
How can you not laugh at that ?
He 's turning the town into a comic book .
I do n't know what religion has to do with any of this , but I pressed him .
Who was he talking about ?
He offered only one example .
" You have used the term ' disgraced ' to describe my friend Ken Jenne over and over again , " he said .
" This is my disgraced friend , Bob ?
My disgraced friend .
When you introduce a friend at a barbecue , do you say , ' This is my disgraced friend , Ed ? '
Why do you do that ? "
I started to answer that Ken Jenne had violated the public trust as an elected official and that the people needed to be reminded of that .
But he spoke over me and would n't let me get out the words .
It was just like being in an argument with a child .
Then he asked me if I had any more questions for him .
I said , " I did have a conversation with Evan Jenne , who seems like an actual human being ... "
That 's all he needed to hear .
" Did you just say that I 'm not a human being ? " he asked , seething once again .
" That is the last thing you 're going to say to me during this conversation and ever again .
The next time you see me , it 's going to be in a deposition with six lawyers . "
He ranted and cursed and yelled before ending the call by calling me a " mutha fucka . "
Sounded dead like Pesci in Casino .
With that , he hung up the phone .
Thirty seconds later , the phone rang again .
It was Rothstein .
Another of his voices had emerged , a nice and reasonable fellow .
" Bob , you want to try to be polite now ? "
I laughed .
This was really funny .
Rothstein can be an entertaining guy , and he does actually have a sense of humor ( or at least a few of those voices do ) .
There 's a reason he 's risen to the prominence that he has .
" I 'm sitting here wondering how we went from the feature column I did on you to this death match , " I said to him .
He said again it was because I was harming people .
But it 's obvious to me that he just does n't want me writing about Jenne -- both father and son -- and any other politician , official , businessperson , or lawyer in whom he has a vested interest .
He does n't want me writing about his connection to politicians and companies and contracts .
That 's why he wants to shut me down .
He said it himself ; he 's the avenger .
He 's the guy who is going to stop me from doing any more " harm " to the politicos he 's close to .
I had to get off the phone to pick up my daughter from school , so we decided we 'd finish the phone call the next morning .
And we did .
Here 's what he said , this time slowly and clearly :
" I am going to sue you , " he said .
" You are about to see how damaging things can be .
You have hurt people who do n't deserve to be hurt .
Maybe I am taking on things that others are afraid to .
I may be too stupid to realize that what I 'm about to do might cause you to write more horrific things about me and my family . "
Cut !
I 'd never written anything horrific about him or his family .
I still do n't know what he was talking about .
OK , let him resume .
" I 'm tired of you hunting around , " he said .
" You are making something of Evan Jenne .
I have a financial interest in Edify , and Edify went out and hired Evan Jenne without me . "
He went on to say that he had no say whatsoever in hiring and firing at Edify and nothing to do with its daily operations .
He said he'd never spoken with Evan Jenne about the business .
( Jenne said the same thing , telling me that he and Rothstein were strictly personal friends . )
OK , back to his vendetta .
" It 's not that I relish suing people , " he said .
" The truth is , I was speaking my mind .
You said I was a bully .
I 'm an anti-bully .
I have always , as a child , as a young adult , I have always taken up for people who are hurt by people with more power than them .
You have a forum with which to write ; you can do good , or you can do bad .
The unfortunate thing is that the news media , including you , has taken a terrible turn , and I find it appalling .
I am going to open up my wallet to offer legal representation to anyone who you have harmed . "
I have more power than the rich and influential politicians who run this town now .
Interesting .
He said he was holding a news conference sometime this week about the matter .
" I am starting with you and the Sun-Sentinel and a couple of other locals , " he said .
" When I finish , I think I will have made an important point . "
If his point is that he 's bigger than the First Amendment , it is n't going to work .
If he has an issue of truth with me and my newspaper that are valid , we will immediately right that situation .
Because what he does n't seem to know is that only the truth I write can " harm " his friends .
Anything untrue I write will harm me , including my credibility as a journalist .
That 's the way it works , and that 's why accuracy is everything in the journalism business .
But if he expects no scrutiny from the media for him and his well - heeled friends , he 's living in a dreamworld .
He 's going to get written about -- and not just about the millions of dollars he 's throwing at numerous area charities either .
So , yeah , he 's going to attract attention , and I 'm going to write about him as fairly and accurately as I can .
It 's my job .
View full size
In today 's Post - Standard , one letter writer makes the case for better family planning :
What do you think ?
Leave your thoughts in the comments below .
» Want to be published ?
Submit a letter to the editor .
» Read more " To the Editor " debates over Woodstock as baby Jesus , voting on same - sex marriage , Pomeranians vs. pit bulls and more .
Big telecommunications companies such as Bell and Rogers can interfere with internet traffic only as a last resort , the CRTC says .
Instead , they should use " economic measures " such as new investment and usage limits to combat congestion on their networks .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission on Wednesday issued a new framework by which it will judge whether internet service providers are discriminating against certain kinds of traffic and content .
" Canada is the first country to develop and implement a comprehensive approach to internet traffic management practices , " CRTC chairman Konrad von Finckenstein said in a statement .
" More and more , the internet is serving as the backbone for communication , commerce , governance , health , education and entertainment .
Our framework will foster an environment where ISPs , application providers and users have the utmost freedom to innovate . "
Under the framework , the CRTC will require ISPs to provide retail customers with 30 days ' notice of any changes to network management , and wholesale customers with 60 days ' notice .
The moves must be posted prominently on the ISP 's website and consumers must be informed of how and when they will be affected , with a particular emphasis on how the speed of their service will change .
Your View Is the CRTC 's net neutrality ruling important to you ?
Have your say by clicking here .
The CRTC is also requiring ISPs to institute economic measures to control usage such as charging " consumers rates based on how much bandwidth they use each month , or offer discounts during off - peak hours . "
" These practices are the most transparent as they are clearly identified on monthly bills , " the CRTC said .
" With this information , consumers can compare between different internet services and match their bandwidth needs with the amount they are willing to pay .
Technical means to manage traffic , such as traffic shaping , should only be employed as a last resort . "
Internet providers will still be able to use network - management practices such as traffic shaping and slowing of certain applications , and limiting bandwidth usage of heavy downloaders .
When implementing such a technical measure , ISPs will have to prove that :
It is designed to address a specific purpose , such as preventing congestion .
It is as narrowly tailored as possible to achieve its intended purpose .
It causes as little harm as possible to the customer , application or wholesale internet provider .
Economic measures such as download limits would not achieve the same result .
The CRTC also said it intends to review traffic management on the wireless internet at a future date .
The new framework will in the meantime also apply to wireless services , it said .
Ruling provokes mixed reactions
The Public Interest Advocacy Centre , a consumer watchdog group , said the CRTC 's framework is a big loss for internet users .
The framework is not binding and leaves decisions as to whether economic or technical measures are required up to ISPs .
" It approves all of the throttling practices that ISPs currently engage in , " said John Lawford , counsel for the centre .
" It requires consumers to prove something funny is going on and consumers do n't have the means to figure out what ISPs are doing and they do n't have the resources to bring that to the commission 's attention .
" There 's a lot of fine - grained double - speak here .
There is no requirement for any of it . "
NDP digital issues spokesman Charlie Angus , who last year introduced a net neutrality private members bill to the House of Commons , also criticized the framework .
" Basically the CRTC has left the wolves in charge of the henhouse , " he said in a statement .
" ISPs have been given the green light to shape the traffic on the internet toward their corporate interest .
This decision is a huge blow to the future competitiveness of the internet . "
Tim Wu , a Canadian professor at Columbia University in New York who is often credited with originating the concept of net neutrality , said he was disappointed by the ruling .
The CRTC has taken a counterproductive step by allowing network management practices such as throttling to continue .
" It 's in the Canadian tradition of compromise .
I would have liked to see something stronger , " he said .
" Canada could be taking the lead in being the country of the open internet , but it 's instead leaving that to the United States ... there is more leadership here in the United States to make these principles permanent to preserve the open internet than there is in Canada . "
Ken Engelhart , head of regulatory affairs for Rogers , said the new framework is not necessary , but it is one the company can live with .
The requirement to try economic measures followed by technical measures is one the company is already employing , he said .
" We 're constantly being accused of things that we have n't done , " he said .
" All of the concerns and fears and anxiety are a certain amount of hysteria .
CRTC is saying that , ' if you do any of these things , we 'll stop you . ' "
Bell also liked the decision and said it could serve as a model for net neutrality frameworks around the world .
" Bell 's existing internet traffic management practices are already compliant with it .
It addresses fundamental policy concerns around consumer issues in an appropriate manner , in particular regarding transparency and disclosure , " said Bell spokesperson Jacqueline Michelis .
" It is a well considered framework for addressing issues in the future and gives everyone , providers and consumers alike , a much needed measure of certainty . "
Jacob Glick , head of regulatory affairs for Google Canada , was measured in his read of the framework .
Google has been outspoken on the need for strong net neutrality protections in both Canada and the United States .
" We 're pleased that the CRTC has adopted a principle - based approach designed to protect the open internet for Canadians and preserve flexibility for ISPs , " Glick said .
" We hope these guidelines will be applied in a way that ensures Canadians can continue to innovate online . "
Michael Geist , a professor at the University of Ottawa and prominent internet commentator , said the framework is a step in the right direction but will inevitably stir up more battles between consumers and ISPs .
" Today 's CRTC decision signifies that traffic management is not a free - for - all and the days of ISPs arguing that they can do whatever they please on their networks is over , " he wrote on his blog .
" That said , it also guarantees that traffic management practices such as throttling will continue and it is going to take more complaints to concretely address the issue . "
What is net neutrality ?
Definitions differ , but the consensus is that the internet should be free from undue interference by service providers and that content and traffic should not be discriminated against unfairly .
According to Tim Berners - Lee , inventor of the web :
If I pay to connect to the net with a certain quality of service , and you pay to connect with that or greater quality of service , then we can communicate at that level .
According to Google : Network neutrality is the principle that internet users should be in control of what content they view and what applications they use on the internet .
According to Wikipedia : A neutral broadband network is one that is free of restrictions on content , sites , or platforms , on the kinds of equipment that may be attached and on the modes of communication allowed , as well as one where communication is not unreasonably degraded by other communication streams .
For a more in - depth explanation , click here .
Battle started with throttling
The battle over net neutrality in Canada found it roots in late 2007 , when Bell began slowing down the internet connections of customers using peer - to - peer software such as BitTorrent .
Bell kicked off the fight when it extended the practice to its wholesale customers in early 2008 .
Small ISPs , with support from internet heavyweights including Google and Skype , complained to the CRTC and said Bell had violated its wholesale agreements with them .
Hundreds of internet users also rallied on Parliament Hill to support the small ISPs .
Bell said the throttling was necessary because a small percentage of users were causing congestion , thereby slowing down service for all customers .
The CRTC , while stating that it did not endorse Bell 's actions , found that the company was not in violation of its agreements and could continue its throttling .
At the same time , the regulator launched a public review of all ISPs and their network management practices .
The question at the heart of the probe conducted this summer was whether Canadian telecommunications laws are sufficient to prevent unfair discrimination of internet traffic and content , or whether new rules are needed .
The review drew unprecedented interest from the public , with more than 12,000 individuals submitting comments .
Consumer groups , business organizations and technology companies voiced their support for stronger rules , while large internet providers and network equipment suppliers cautioned against regulatory interference .
Neutrality gaining steam in U.S .
The CRTC 's ruling comes as its U.S. counterpart , the Federal Communications Commission , is expected to officially recommend six new net neutrality laws to Congress on Thursday .
President Barack Obama and FCC chairman Julius Genachowski are supporters of net neutrality .
In Canada , opposition parties have called for net neutrality laws , but the government has been silent on the issue .
The ruling also comes as Canada has come under criticism for the state of its broadband infrastructure .
Recent studies from Harvard and Oxford universities and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development found that Canada rates poorly in terms of broadband speeds and prices compared to other industrialized nations .
Another study funded by the nation 's biggest ISPs , however , found that Canada is a world broadband leader in four key areas : availability , user adoption , speed and price .
Challenges former VP to debate , says Democrats “ need to grow a spine ”
WASHINGTON — Rep. Eric Massa ( D - NY ) on Wednesday delivered a fervent and stinging rebuke to former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s recent attack on President Obama after the failed Christmas bombing .
“ I am sick and tired of the former vice president of the United States taking shots not only at this administration , for problems he was largely and personally responsible for , but by an extension at those of us who served in the military and bring that experience , ” Massa said on MSNBC’s The Ed Show .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This man suffers from a horrible case of political Tourette ’s [ syndrome ] , and it ’s about time that we stand up and kick right back because I ’m sick and tired of him kicking us in our shins , ” Massa said .
Cheney ’s forceful critique of Obama quickly garnered significant media attention , and several journalists accused the story ’s author Mike Allen of failing to fact - check Cheney ’s seemingly curious claims .
“ We need to grow a spine and stand up and show America exactly who did what , ” Massa said , pointing to Cheney ’s role in the events leading to the Christmas day attempt and the fact that the Bush administration took several days longer than Obama to address the 2001 shoe - bomber incident .
“ It was Dick Cheney personally responsible for the release of the masterminds of the Christmas airline terror plot , ” he said , accusing the former vice president of shifting his culpability to Democrats .
“ It makes no difference what we do , this man suffers from political diarrhea of the mouth , and unless we stand up and call it as it is he ’s going to keep on getting away with it , ” Massa said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Host Ed Schultz called Cheney a “ coward ” and heatedly rebuffed the GOP meme that their party is more effective on national security , and said the Democratic Party cedes ground by failing to counter these claims .
“ What do we have to do to get the Democrats to be aggressive on security ? ” Schultz said .
“ We got hit on [ the GOP ’s ] watch .
They were told that bin Laden was going to do this and they sat on their fat ass on vacation and did nothing about it . ”
Massa agreed , saying that “ this is not a political problem , it ’s a national security issue — and for the Republicans to come out swinging and make this a political issue is the height of absolute arrogance and the depth of incompetence . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In a direct challenge to Cheney , Massa added : “ I want Dick Cheney to come debate me , anywhere , anytime , anyhow — and let ’s see how he stands up to the truth . ”
The New York Democrat also lashed out at Sen. Jim DeMint as “ personally responsible for placing you , the traveling American public at risk ” by “ placing a hold on the nominee of the director of the Transportation Security Agency . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ People like Jim DeMint and people like Dick Cheney need to go away so we can solve the problems they ’ve created , ” Massa said .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Ed Show , broadcast Dec. 30 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Initial claims for unemployment insurance ( or jobless claims ) fell to 502,000 last week -- a drop of 12,000 from last week 's revised level ( and 10,000 from last week ’s unrevised level ) .
That brought the four - week moving average down to 519,750 -- a decline of 4,500 from last week , and of 139,000 from its mid-April peak .
That was the lowest level of initial claims since the first week of January ( when the numbers were distorted due to the New Years Holiday ) .
As the chart below ( from http://www.calculatedriskblog.com/) shows , that was probably the high point for this cycle .
The decline has been quite smooth and steady -- unlike the experience of the last two economic downturns , where after an initial decline , claims leveled off and remained high for an extended period of time .
The fact that we are back to around the same levels we were in January points to the danger of doing a straight extrapolation from the level of initial claims to job losses in the overall economy .
Back then we were dropping jobs at a rate of over 700,000 per month , now we are losing jobs at less than 200,000 per month .
If history is much of a guide , we will not be adding jobs until we see in four - week average drop below 400,000 or so .
Still , things age going in the right direction , and at a reasonable pace .
The problem is that it is still a long journey from where we are to where we need to go .
If initial jobless claims were to continue to fall at the pace they have been ( after revisions ) for the last two months , we would get below that 400,000 around the Christmas holidays .
That would indeed make it a Happy New Year .
However , even if we get to the point where the economy is adding jobs , we still have population growth to contend with .
Due to the growth of the population , we need to be adding about 100,000 jobs a month just to keep the unemployment rate stable , let alone bring it down significantly .
That is a tall order .
There was also some good news on the Continuing Claims front as they dropped by 139,000 to 5.631 million .
That is 1.27 million below the peak set at the end of June of 6.904 million .
However , that decline has to be taken with a grain of salt since continuing claims only tracks those in regular state unemployment programs , which run out after 26 weeks .
With the average duration of unemployment at 26.9 weeks , and the median at 18.7 weeks ( both all - time records by a very long shot versus other recessions ) regular continuing claims is clearly a flawed measure .
After regular claims run out , people are then covered under emergency extended claims , paid by the Federal government as part of the stimulus package .
Those , too , were in danger of running out for many until they were finally extended earlier this week .
There are now 4.043 million people in the two major extended benefit programs , a decline of just over 5,000 this week ( actually two weeks ago , the extended numbers are reported with a delay ) .
That decline is just as likely from people simply running out of their extended benefits as from them getting new jobs .
The data should be interesting to look at in a few weeks to see if the numbers shoot back up as the new extension kicks in .
I am encouraged by the steady decline in the initial jobs numbers .
They show that we are getting closer to the day when businesses finally , on balance , start to hire people again .
That will provide people with the income and confidence in the future that we need to get the economy humming again .
It would be the start of a virtuous cycle , as that extra income feeds back into the econo0 my creating yet more jobs , and more income .
Right now , we are more likely in " no man 's land , " where the back of the vicious cycle has been broken , but a virtuous one has not yet taken its place .
The hope of this happening could help out the retailers just in time for Christmas .
However , I would bet that the discounters like Target ( TGT ) and TJ Maxx / Marshall ’s ( TJX ) do better than the higher end stores like Abercrombie & Fitch ( ANF ) this year .
Still , it 's better to see an economy where people are shopping at Wal - Mart ( WMT ) than one where the only place doing any business is the Salvation Army .
Read the full analyst report on " TGT "
Read the full analyst report on " TJX "
Read the full analyst report on " ANF "
Read the full analyst report on " WMT "
Zacks Investment Research
Rachel Maddow talks to Frank Schaeffer about why a good deal of conservatives when polled said they were n't sure if President Obama was the anti-Christ .
Maddow : I do not know what possessed this polling firm to ask whether or not that people think the President is the anti-Christ , but they did .
Does the response rate among conservatives surprise you ?
More than one in three saying yes or they do n’t know .
Schaeffer : Well I was a child when President Kennedy was assassinated and my mother thought that because he died of a head wound foretold in scriptures of the anti-Christ he would be resurrected as the anti-Christ .
She thought this might be a possibility .
So those of us who come from the evangelical subculture have been weaned with our mother ’s milk on a changing case list of villains .
It might be Kennedy to one generation , Obama to the next .
But the larger point this brings up is that the mainstream not just media but culture does n’t sufficiently take stock of the fact that within our culture we have a subculture which is literally a fifth column of insanity that is bred from birth , through home school , Christian school , evangelical college , whatever to reject facts as a matter of faith .
And so this substitute for authentic historic Christianity , and I may add as a little caveat here , I ’m a church - going Christian , really brings up the question .
Can Christianity be rescued from Christians ?
And that ’s an open question .
And when you see a bunch of people going around thinking that our President if the anti-Christ you have to draw one of two conclusions .
Either these are racists looking for any excuse to level the next accusation or they ’re beyond crazy .
And I think beyond crazy is a better explanation and that evangelical subculture has rotted the brain of the United States of America .
We have a big slice of our population waiting for Jesus to come back .
They look forward to Armageddon .
Good news is bad news to them .
We talk about the Left Behind series of books that I talk about in my book Crazy for God .
What we ’re really talking about is a group of people are resentful because they know they ’ve been left behind by modernity , by science , by education , by art , by literature — the rest of us are getting on with our lives .
These people are standing on a hill top waiting for the end and this is a dangerous group of people to have as neighbors .
And they ’re our national neighbors .
And this is the source of all these insanities that we see leveled at the President .
One way or the other they go back to this little evangelical subculture .
It ’s a disaster .
Here ’s how Gay Matters describes the , um , maturation of Capitol Hill and other gay strongholds that , the blog says , have gone soft :
This is what the Stranger said 10 years ago about the maturation of Capitol Hill :
Gay ghettos are slowly turning into gay retirement communities , where the only queers who can afford to live in the East Village , West Hollywood , San Francisco or on Capitol Hill are the ones who bought apartments and houses 20 years ago when they were still relatively cheap .
Young , straight singles have moved in , followed by straight retirees , marrieds , and young families .
With young queers forced to look elsewhere for housing , first - wave gay ghettos are on the decline , sapped of the energy and sex appeal of queer youngsters .
Such is the sad story of Seattle ’s Capitol Hill & L.A. ’s West Hollywood .
Turns out the Gay Matters post is a direct lift of the old Stranger article with an updated addition :
The blog identifies potential new ‘ gay ghettos ’ including Pacific Northwest candidates Hilltop in Tacoma and Northeast Broadway in Portland .
The Stranger original looked at Seattle for possible candidates , examining West Seattle , Columbia City and Ballard in the original article back in 1999 .
The strange use of Stranger content is one thing but the re-posting of the idea brings up some points worthy of discussion .
The gentrification of Capitol Hill is old news but both the article and the lift have a few assumptions floating around them that might be worth picking apart .
Was the Stranger right back in ’ 99 ?
Capitol Hill , many would say , is ‘ less gay ’ but is any other part of the city ‘ more gay ’ now ?
Can an area stay connected to its gay roots even if young gay people can’t afford to live here ?
Are n’t some of the young people who can afford to live here gay ?
Good ‘ nuf if they just live nearby ?
Should we just call First Hill and Central District part of the Hill and move on ?
Sorry if the whole thing is confusing .
We do n’t have the answers , either .
You might ask :
When we already have a secure state - of - the - art facility available in a remote area outside the US proper , with military guards and an ongoing and smoothly operating infrastructure , why is anyone proposing terrorist prisoner transfers to anywhere else ?
The recent announcement that plans were afoot to transfer some detainees from Guantanamo to Illinois has critics asking just that question again .
Sen Dick Durban ( D - IL ) , a defender of the plan to bring terrorists into the heart of America , proved that he is more interested in pork than in the safety of his constituents :
“ We believe this is in service to our country , ” said Durbin who noted that Obama was directing the prisoners to his home state .
“ This is a great opportunity .
Our state unemployment numbers are 11 % … People are desperate for good jobs . ”
In the smackdown heard ’round the world , Liz Cheney responded :
“ Americans did not elect President Obama to usher terrorists onto the homeland and call it a jobs program . ”
Indeed they did not .
Even the man who commanded the U.S.S .
Cole when it suffered a massive terrorist attach back in 2000 , had something to offer :
“ The Administration is now adding economic manipulation to its bag of tricks to convince the American people that somehow they will be better off if terrorists are held and tried in our towns and communities , instead of a state - of - the - art detention facility built for that purpose .
Gitmo North is not the answer . ”
But the question remains :
When we have a secure facility already available in a remote area with military guards and a smoothly operating infrastructure , why must we close that facility and find places in this country to safely house terrorists who wish us dead ?
Why ?
Because the man who made the promise to close Gitmo a centerpiece of his campaign is chronically stuck on stupid .
And he ’s now our President .
Stoutcat
Like this post ?
Share it !
Email
Tweet
Related
Description :
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
The invention relates to toy dolls .
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
The invention features a toy doll that is capable of exhibiting a simulated bowel movement .
When a feeding bottle is inserted into the doll 's mouth , the simulated bowel movement is extended from an opening in the doll 's torso .
Wiping the bowel movement toward the rear of the torso causes the bowel movement to be retracted into the opening .
The simulated bowel movement promises to add to a child 's enjoyment when playing with the doll .
In one aspect , generally , the invention features a doll having a torso with an opening .
The doll also includes a simulated bowel movement configured to be moved through the opening between positions respectively inside and outside the torso .
Embodiments of the invention may include one or more of the following features .
The doll may have a drive mechanism configured to drive the simulated bowel movement through the opening in response to a user 's manipulation , and a shaft connected to the simulated bowel movement and positioned in the torso .
The doll also may include a head connected to the torso , and the drive mechanism may be positioned in the head and is configured to push against the shaft to extend the simulated bowel movement out of the opening in the torso .
A coupling may be connected between the drive mechanism and the shaft .
The coupling may be configured to permit rotation of the head relative to the torso .
For example , the coupling may be a ball - and - joint socket .
The drive mechanism may include first and second components coupled to convert axial motion of the first component in a first direction to axial motion of the second component in a second direction .
Axial motion of the first component may be induced by an object ( e.g. , the end of a bottle ) inserted into the doll 's mouth .
Axial motion of the second component may cause the second component to push against the shaft and extend the simulated bowel movement out of the opening .
Relatively smaller axial motion by the first component may result in relatively larger axial motion by the second component .
Accordingly , inserting the end of a bottle a short distance into the mouth may result in the simulated bowel movement being extended a longer distance out of the opening .
The shaft may include a latch configured to engage the torso to maintain the simulated bowel movement in an extended position .
A spring may be connected to the shaft to retract the simulated bowel movement when the latch is disengaged from the torso .
The latch may be configured to disengage from the torso in response to displacement of the simulated bowel movement toward a rear of the torso by , for example , wiping of the bowel movement toward the rear of the torso .
The simulated bowel movement may be configured to be extended from the opening in the torso in response to insertion of an object , such as a bottle , into the doll 's mouth .
In particular , the drive mechanism may be configured so that insertion of the bottle causes axial movement of the first component of the drive mechanism .
Resulting axial movement of the second component of the drive mechanism extends the simulated bowel movement from the opening .
The bottle may have an end configured for insertion into the doll 's mouth .
The bottle also may be configured to simulate ingestion of food by the doll .
Other features , objects , and advantages of the invention will become apparent from the following detailed description , including the drawings , and from the claims .
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
FIGS .
1 - 3 are front and side views of a doll .
FIG .
4 is a sectional view taken along section 4 - - 4 of FIG .
1 .
FIG .
5 is a sectional view taken along section 5 - - 5 of FIG .
3 .
FIG .
6 is a side view of a bottle .
FIG .
7 is a sectional view taken along section 7 - - 7 of FIG .
6 .
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS
Referring to FIGS .
1 - 3 , a doll 10 includes a head 15 , a torso 20 , arms 25 and legs 30 .
The head is attached to the torso and may be rotated relative to the torso .
Similarly , the arms and legs are attached to the torso and are movable relative to the torso .
Insertion of an object ( e.g. , the end of a bottle ) into the mouth 35 of the doll 10 causes a simulated bowel movement 40 ( FIG .
3 ) to extend from an opening 45 in the torso of the doll .
In particular , the simulated bowel movement 40 extends from the opening as the object is inserted .
Wiping the simulated bowel movement toward the rear 50 of the doll causes the bowel movement to be retracted into the opening .
Referring to FIGS .
4 and 5 , the simulated bowel movement 40 is attached to a shaft 55 that is positioned within the torso 20 .
The shaft is aligned with the simulated bowel movement and is oriented relative to the torso of the doll so that downward movement of the shaft causes the simulated bowel movement to extend from the bottom of the torso .
The shaft also may be aligned so that downward movement would cause the simulated bowel movement to extend toward the rear of the torso .
A spring 60 is connected between the shaft 55 and a screw 62 attached to an interior surface 64 of the torso 20 .
The spring is oriented to pull the shaft away from the opening 45 to hold the simulated bowel movement within the torso and to pull the shaft toward the front of the torso 20 .
A first ram 65 is positioned within the head 15 and the torso 20 of the doll .
The ram includes a first end 70 that is positioned within the head and a second end 75 that is positioned within the torso .
Guides 77 within the torso control the orientation of the ram so that the ram may move along an axis 80 defined by the ends 70 , 75 .
A ball 85 of a ball - and - socket joint 90 is connected to the end 75 of the ram 65 .
The socket 95 of the joint is connected to the shaft 55 so that the joint couples the shaft to the first ram .
The joint permits the head of the doll to rotate relative to the torso without interference from the joint and also permits the orientation of a longitudinal axis 100 of the shaft to vary relative to the axis 80 .
The first ram 65 is coupled to a second ram 105 by a gear wheel 110 .
The second ram 110 includes a first end 115 that is aligned with the mouth 35 of the doll and a second end 120 that is adjacent to the gear wheel 110 .
A guide 122 holds the second ram against the gear wheel 110 so that the second ram may be moved along an axis 125 defined by the ends 115 , 120 .
Teeth 130 on the second end 120 of the second ram cooperate with a first set of teeth 135 on the gear wheel 110 to cause rotational motion of the gear wheel in response to axial motion of the second ram .
Teeth 140 on the first end 70 of the first ram cooperate with a second set of teeth 145 on the gear wheel to cause axial motion of the first ram in response to rotational motion of the gear wheel .
Accordingly , axial motion of the second ram causes axial motion of the first ram .
Spacing between teeth of the first set 135 is smaller than spacing between teeth of the second set 145 so that axial movement of the first ram results in larger axial movement of the second ram .
The shaft 55 includes a latch 150 that engages with a lip 155 within the torso 20 to maintain the simulated bowel movement in an extended position .
Wiping of the simulated bowel movement toward the rear of the torso causes the latch to disengage from the lip .
This permits the spring 60 to retract the simulated bowel movement into the torso .
Insertion of an object into the mouth 35 of the doll pushes the second ram toward the gear wheel .
Movement of the second ram rotates the gear wheel in a counterclockwise direction .
Rotation of the gear wheel pushes the first ram against the shaft to extend the simulated bowel movement out of the opening 45 .
As noted above , the spring exerts a force against the shaft .
This , in turn , exerts a force against the first ram , and against the second ram through the gear wheel .
Accordingly , removal of the bottle when the simulated bowel movement is extended only partially will permit the spring to retract the simulated bowel movement into the torso of the doll and to move the second ram toward the mouth of the doll .
When the simulated bowel movement is fully extended , the latch engages the lip within the torso so that the simulated bowel movement remains in the extended position when the bottle is removed .
Referring to FIGS .
6 and 7 , a bottle 200 includes an end 205 that is configured for insertion into the mouth 35 ( FIG .
1 ) of the doll .
The bottle 200 includes an outer shell 210 and an inner shell 215 .
Opaque liquid 220 occupies a space between the two shells and is colored to resemble milk .
The liquid makes the bottle appear to be half full when the bottle is in an upright position .
When the bottle is tilted and placed in the doll 's mouth , the liquid drains into a reservoir 225 in the cap 230 of the bottle so that the doll appears to be drinking the milk .
Other embodiments are within the scope of the following claims .
As the Ars team convenes for two days of meetings in Chicago , we 're reaching back into the past to bring you some of our favorite articles from years gone by .
This feature originally ran in December 2009 .
It was 1879 , and investor Charles A. Sumner sat at his desk , frustration pouring onto the page through his ink pen .
Sumner , business partner to the radical economist and journalist Henry George , was finishing the concluding passages of a book about what had happened to the telegraph , or the Victorian Internet , as one historian calls it .
" This glorious invention was vouchsafed to mankind , " he wrote , " that we might salute and converse with one another respectively stationed at remote and isolated points for a nominal sum . "
But instead , he continued , " A wicked monopoly has seized hold of this beneficent capacity and design , and made it tributary , by exorbitant tariffs , to a most miserly and despicable greed . "
It 's a largely forgotten story , but one that still has relevance today .
If you follow debates about broadband policy , you know that there are two perspectives perennially at war with each other .
One seeks some regulation of the dominant industries and service providers of our time .
The other seeks carte blanche for the private sector to do as it sees fit .
Nowhere does the latter camp press this case harder than when it comes to network neutrality on the Internet , and appeals to the Founding Fathers are n't unknown .
" Our founding fathers understood that it is government that takes away people 's freedoms , not individuals or companies , " wrote entrepreneur Scott Cleland in an opinion piece for National Public Radio not long ago .
Cleland opposes the Federal Communications Commission 's proposals to codify into rules its principles prohibiting ISPs from discriminating against certain applications .
" At the core , the FCC 's proposed pre-emptive ' net neutrality ' regulations to preserve an ' open Internet ' are not at all about promoting freedom but exactly the opposite .
Freedom is not a zero sum game , where taking it away from some gives more to others .
Taking away freedoms of some takes away freedom from all . "
Reading this argument , one wonders if there ever was an age when the hands - off school of regulation got exactly what it seems to want — a network environment largely untarnished by public oversight .
In fact , there was such a time .
Hayessociated Press
Three years before Sumner wrote his lament , the country was wracked by the most convulsive presidential election since the outbreak of the Civil War : Democrat Samuel Tilden of New York versus Republican Rutherford B. Hayes of Ohio .
The Republican party had split between loyalists to the administration of Ulysses S. Grant and those appalled by its corruption .
In truth , the resurgent Democrats were no better when it came to civic virtue , but they lured some Republicans away with Tilden , who famously battled bribery and graft as governor of New York .
When , on that November night in 1876 , the popular results indicated a narrow majority for the reform candidate , many assumed the first Democratic victory in two decades .
But not so at one of the Associated Press 's most prestigious affiliates , the ardently pro-Republican New York Times .
When prominent Democrats nervously contacted the Times asking for an update on the results , its managing editor John Reid realized that the election was still in doubt .
He contacted top Republican party officials and had them spread the word via telegram — the electoral college votes in Florida , Louisiana , and South Carolina were still in play .
It was easy for these men to access the telegraph system , because its main operator , Western Union , was also militantly pro-Republican .
During the long controversy in Congress over who actually won the districts in the disputed election of 1876 , Western Union secretly siphoned to AP 's general agent Henry Nash Smith the telegraph correspondence of key Democrats during the struggle .
Smith , in turn , relayed this intelligence to the Hayes camp with instructions on how to proceed .
On top of that , AP constantly published propaganda supporting the Republican side of the story .
Meanwhile , Western Union insisted that it kept " all messages whatsoever . . . strictly private and confidential . "
Tilden supporters were n't fooled .
By the end of the debacle — Hayes having won the White House — they called AP " Hayessociated Press . "
The great giveaway
It was no secret why Western Union sided with Republicans .
By the 1870s , the Party of Lincoln ( Abe himself being a former railroad lawyer ) had given away massive quantities of land for the construction of railroads and telegraphs : almost 130 million acres ( about seven percent of the continental United States ) was granted to eighty enterprises .
Although the telegraph had been pioneered by Samuel Morse in the 1840s , the innovation did n't really take off , economically speaking , until it partnered with the railroads , at which point it became the Victorian era 's version of our information superhighway .
The Pacific Railroad
Act of 1862 sped up the construction of a coast - to - coast railroad system , and it further subsidized telegraph growth as well .
But Congress provided very little regulation or oversight for the largesse .
The result was the infamous Credit Mobilier scandal of the 1870s , a scheme that bears some resemblance to the Enron debacle of 2001 .
Rather than license the construction of the Union Pacific railroad to an independent contractor , its Board of Directors farmed the work out to Credit Mobilier , a company that was , essentially , themselves .
In turn , Credit billed the UP vastly more than the actual cost of the project .
To keep Congress quiet about the affair , the firm offered stock in itself to Representatives and Senators of any political persuasion at bargain basement prices .
In this context , it should come as no surprise that the nation 's telegraph system quickly fell into the hands of one of the most notorious schemers of the Gilded Age .
A man shows off a sea bass which he caught with his bare hands in a flooded St Mark 's Square
Credit : EPA
Google 's Chrome OS does not run local applications or store local data .
Everything is handled inside the browser .
But when the much - hyped operating system debuts on netbooks at the end of next year , you can bet it will execute native code on behalf of online Google applications such as Gmail or Docs and Spreadsheets .
In other words , Google apps will tap directly into the netbook 's processor in an effort to close the performance gap that separates them from the local software offered by its bête noire , Steve Ballmer 's Microsoft .
In typical fashion , Google is playing coy over the role of native code in its fledgling OS .
But the company says its Native Client project - which executes native code inside today 's Google Chrome web browser - is an " important part " of an effort to boost the performance of web - based applications running on its netbook operating system , set to appear on x86 and ARM netbooks around November 2010 .
Currently , Native Client ( NaCl ) runs only on x86 machines - via Windows , Mac , and Linux .
But Google has confirmed it 's building a version for ARM .
Google unveiled its Native Client plug - in a year ago , calling it " a technology that aims to give web developers access to the full power of the client 's CPU while maintaining the browser neutrality , OS portability , and safety that people expect from web applications . "
Then , in October , it rolled the plug - in into the latest version of its Chrome browser , which serves as the basis for Chrome OS .
Chrome OS is essentially the browser running atop a Goobuntu flavor of Linux .
At the moment , Native Client is turned off by default in Google 's browser .
But clearly , bigger things are ahead .
During Google 's November press conference unveiling an early version of Chrome OS , vp of product management Sundar Pichai and engineering director Matthew Papakipos were hit with not one but two questions about the role of Native Client in their fledgling operating system .
And twice they answered only in part .
" We are investing a lot in additional technologies like Native Client , which will make it really possible for some of the most performance - intensive desktop applications to become web applications , " Pichai said in response to question number one .
Google NaCl
Then , when a second questioner asked if Native Client would be " an important part " of Chrome OS , Pichai said " work is underway to make [ Native Client ] work on ARM . "
And though he declined to " go into all the technical details , " Papakipos explained that Native Client applications would run on ARM just as they run on x86 chips .
" We 'll make sure there is a way for you to have Native Client–based applications that will run equivalently on x86 and ARM , " Papakipos said .
" There 's a lot of work going on with that today .
You 'll see more of that . "
Yet another example of how closed Google can be with its ostensibly open software .
We asked Google to discuss the role of Native Client in Chrome OS , but it has not responded .
You can bet , however , that Google will offer native code versions of its online apps when the OS debuts at the end of next year .
Last month , Dave Girouard - president of Google 's enterprise division - said that in a year , Google Docs will be so effective that users will be able to " get rid of [ Microsoft ] Office . "
This fall , Google also unveiled a new programming language it calls
Go , an effort to crossbreed a dynamic web - happy language like Python with a compiled language like C++.
The company has since said it plans to integrate the language with Native Client .
It would appear this effort has barely gotten off the ground , but that 's certainly the aim .
" We have an embryonic implementation of the NaCl support for Go , " a Go developer told Cnet .
" It 's restricted by a couple of details of NaCl 's implementation , but we hope to see changes to NaCl one day that will make
Go a full - fledged language in that environment . "
We also asked Google to discuss the future of Go . But it has yet to respond .
It 's no surprise that Google is working to boost the performance of webware .
By design , Chrome OS is an effort to usurp the Microsoft model with 100 per cent " cloud - based " applications .
But some have questioned whether Native Client undermines the " open " browser ethos Google has so vehemently pushed for in recent months .
( Natural News )
In countries with public breast cancer screening programs , one in every three diagnosed with invasive breast cancers would never have produced symptoms in a patient before she died of other causes , a new study has revealed .
" Screening for cancer may lead to earlier detection of lethal cancers but also detects harmless ones that will not cause death or symptoms , " wrote the researchers , from the Nordic Cochrane Center in Denmark , in the " The detection of such cancers , which would not have been identified clinically in someone 's remaining lifetime , is called overdiagnosis and can only be harmful to those who experience it .
" Researchers analyzed breast cancer diagnosis rates among both screened unscreened women in Australia , Canada , Norway , Sweden and the United Kingdom for at least seven years before and after the public breast cancer screening programs in those countries began .
As expected , they found that breast cancer diagnosis rates in every country increased in conjunction with the introduction of screening programs .
Breast cancer rates among older women did not undergo a corresponding decrease , however  suggesting that rather than detecting cancers earlier , screening was merely detecting cancers that would otherwise never have produced a detectable effect on a woman 's life .
When all forms of breast cancer were taken into account , the rate of overdiagnosis after public screening programs were introduced ranged from a low of 46 percent ( in Sweden ) to a high of 59 percent ( in Canada ) , with an average overdiagnosis rate of 52 percent .
When only invasive breast cancers were taken into account  cancers that have spread beyond the mammary tissue and are more likely to be lethal , and thus more likely to be treated aggressively  the average rate of overdiagnosis was still 35 percent , or more than one in three .
This was the second time that this research team had found evidence that overdiagnosis is a serious consequence of public screening programs . "
[ The study ] means that screening for cancer , in this case breast cancer , is a much closer call than has been previously advertised , " wrote Gilbert Welch of the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy in an accompanying editorial .
" It has the opportunity to help some women but it also has the consequence of leading others to be treated needlessly for cancer and that 's not a trivial thing .
" Because no tests exist that can predict how aggressive or dangerous a cancer will be , all women diagnosed with breast cancer are referred to similar treatment programs , many of which  such as chemotherapy , radiation and breast surgery  carry serious and even dangerous side effects .
Screening advocates insisted that the benefits of screening still outweigh the risks of overdiagnosis .
" Without screening , women would face the prospect of having to wait for a visible symptom of cancer , such as a lump , to become apparent before treatment could start , " said Emma Pennery of Breast Cancer Care .
Sarah Cant of Breakthrough Breast Cancer agreed , but said that women should be given clear information about screening in order to make informed decisions .
Welch also believes that better information is essential , saying that doctors should show women a simple statistical table quantifying the relative risks and benefits of screening for them , based on their own risk profile .
" Mammography undoubtedly helps some women but hurts others , " he said .
" No right answer exists , instead it is a personal choice .
" Researchers do not know how many lives are saved for every case of overdiagnosis , with estimates ranging between one in two and one in 10 .
Welch noted , however , that " the amount of overdiagnosis is a function of the mammographer 's threshold to recommend biopsy .
"
" The time has come for a randomized controlled trial to test higher thresholds , such as only recommending biopsy for breast masses larger than a certain size , " he wrote .
Sources for this story include : news.bbc.co.uk ; www.cancerpage.com
The heavily indebted Dubai World is not guaranteed by the emirate 's government , a top financial official from the city state said today , offering little direction to anxious investors on a day when the United Arab Emirates registered a record fall on the back of Dubai 's debt mess .
On the first day of trading since news of Dubai World 's debt crunch became public , Dubai 's main stock exchange dropped more than 7 per cent while the Abu Dhabi exchange fell more than 8 per cent — the steepest fall in at least a year , according to brokers .
Driving the financial avalanche was Wednesday 's announcement that conglomerate Dubai World would seek an at least six month reprieve on its $ 60 billion in debts , obligations amassed during years of a building spree that turned the desert emirate into the Middle Eastern version of Las Vegas , Wall Street and , at times , Sodom and Gomorra , all rolled into one .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
If markets were looking for reassurances from Dubai that it would stand behind the conglomerate , they got none Monday .
" Dubai World was established as an independent company , it is true that the government is the owner , but given that the company has various activities and is exposed to various types of risks , the decision , since its establishment , has been that the company is not guaranteed by the ( Dubai ) government , " Abdulrahman al - Saleh , director general of Dubai 's Finance Department , said on Dubai TV .
" Consequently , the company 's dealing with the various parties has been on this basis , " he said .
Al - Saleh 's comments were the first public remarks by a Dubai official since Thursday , the day after the emirate 's government 's announcement about Dubai World 's request for a debt repayment postponement .
The lack of clarity or direction from the rulers of Dubai since the extent of the conglomerate 's financial ills became known has been a major source of angst for investors .
Uncertainty about what step the emirate would take next had cast a pall on world markets late last week .
Investors returned to Dubai and Abu Dhabi 's markets Monday with little news and plenty of questions .
As a result , stocks took a dive .
Shares of Emaar Properties , the UAE 's biggest developer , for example were down 9.86 per cent to 3.75 dirhams .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The overwhelming majority of companies whose shares traded Monday on the Dubai Financial Market , the city - state 's main bourse , were also deeply in the red .
But the market failed to hit the 10 percent stop - trading cap largely because a large number of company shares were not traded .
* In London the FTSE 100 Index was down around 0.4 per cent as the crisis continued to weigh on banking stocks .
But this followed rises on Asian markets overnight , suggesting some markets are feeling more optimistic after last week 's hefty falls .
London shares tumbled 3 per cent on Thursday , wiping almost £ 44 billion off the Footsie in its worst session since March , although shares clawed back some of the losses on Friday .
In early trading today Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group were the market 's chief fallers , both down almost 3 per cent .
Other fallers included London Stock Exchange itself , which is 22 per cent owned by Borse Dubai .
Its shares fell more than 1 per cent .
How To Get Your Ex Back
get him back forever , get ex back , get your ex girlfriend back , relationship , marriage , girlfriend back , how to get ex wife back , get ex wife back , ex lover back , girl , love
The hallway in the long , narrow apartment in Washington Heights is kept dark most of the time , to save on energy bills .
In one bedroom , damp laundry hangs from the railing of a canopy bed , a neat rectangle of blue baby blankets and teddy - bear - dotted clothes , all belonging to 8 - month - old Kyler Barr , who is sleeping soundly in the next room .
“ Since he ’s a preemie , I do n’t want to use the washing machines at the laundromat , ” said his mother , Tysheen Barr , with a self - deprecating chuckle .
“ I ’m paranoid .
But there might be germs left in there that are n’t good for him . ”
It was Ms. Barr ’s troubled pregnancy with Kyler that took her from steadily employed to jobless and temporarily homeless .
Early this year , she was working in food service at a public elementary school , while taking care of her other son , Kysheen , whose ninth birthday is Monday .
But halfway through her pregnancy , it became clear that something was terribly wrong .
Sonograms indicated that the baby was much smaller than he should have been .
The doctors briefly worried that he had Down syndrome .
Robyn Moore and William Acosta had spent most of their relationship at the airports .
So , what better place to get married ?
She surprised her fiancé by greeting him at the Corpus Christi International Airport in a wedding dress with a justice of the peace .
He was flying in from Toledo , Ohio and was in jeans and a sweater .
They exchanged vows near a Christmas tree
Acosta , who was wearing jeans and a sweater , says he was speechless and thrilled by the wedding Moore planned .
Moore says she and Acosta “ spent half our relationship in airports . ”
The couple got a marriage license last week and planned to tie the knot this month , at a site to be determined .
Moore and Acosta met in 2008 in Dallas , where she lived and he was on a business trip .
They plan to live in Toledo .
Source : www.google.com
I am glad it went well for the couple and wish them best of luck for future !
US Vice President Joe Biden today hosted a roundtable looking at the so - called ' Piracy Problem ' .
The summit was not as ' open ' as promised a year ago in the presidential campaign though .
Only copyright industry representatives were present , further reinforcing the belief that Biden sits firmly in the pocket of Big Copyright .
Copyright is an issue that affects everyone .
Every word , image and expression of thought is copyrightable .
It is a system of law that places restrictions on the fundamentals of civilization – communication and expression .
So when it comes to policy talks involving that subject , it would seem only natural that representatives of the people of the United States are involved .
Not so in the modern day world .
When it comes to copyright policy , there appears to be only one set of people the government is willing to listen to , and that ’s the copyright lobbyists groups .
Groups that do n’t represent the creators as much as those that manage the creators ; the middlemen .
And so it is with the attendees of today ’s meeting with US Vice President Joe Biden .
Biden , whose political career – like many US politicians – has been partly funded by pro-copyright groups , came out to say that he is offended by the “ flat unadulterated theft ” some call piracy .
A bold statement , but not really that surprising when you take a look at the one - sided list of attendees .
There are no consumer groups , no technology companies , and few representatives of the artistic creators themselves .
There are plenty of are representatives of middlemen companies though .
Companies that make their money from managing , distributing and promoting , tasks that are increasingly being made obsolete with technological progress .
We ’re talking about the likes of Sony ’s Michael Lynton , who on behalf of an industry that ’s having one of it ’s best ever years , plead poverty less than two months ago .
And Edgar Bronfman , head of WMG – you remember , the company that claimed copyrights that are n’t theirs .
What will have been on the agenda ?
Well , probably no items on how factually inaccurate the recent CBS piece was , or how anti-piracy studies would be improved with the release of supporting data .
Instead , it will be the likes of future anti-piracy laws such as ACTA , and questioning the ability to introduce similar legislation to France and the UK .
Not that we will find out though , as apparently the press has been kicked out .
Perhaps , like ACTA , this is a national security issue too .
After all , who says terrorists do n’t download Die Hard films for training purposes ?
2009 : the year of the robot that mimics the love stylings of your favorite pornstars , a tiny little toy jampacked with ten eager tongues , and a wireless vibe that syncs with your iPod .
So many innovations ... but which were the best ?
As the year draws to a close , we 've reviewed our reviews from 2009 , and scientifically determined just which toys were the best of the best this year .
Below , our picks for the tops in toys .
10 ) The Real Touch : With a few rare exceptions , high end ( and high tech ) sex toys are almost exclusively targeted at women .
The Real Touch is looking to change that .
A high tech masturbator that syncs with POV porn , the Real Touch may just change the face of toys for boys .
True , it has its problems ( most notably , the fact that it wo n't work if you 're not paying per minute for AEBN 's porn ) — but it 's promising enough to give us hope for the future .
9 ) OhMiBod Freestyle : After years on the scene , the OhMiBod has finally reached its full potential .
With the Freestyle 's wireless connection , you can finally rock out to your tunes without being tied down to them .
8 ) Tenth Anniversary Tristan Butt Plug : The Tenth Anniversary Tristan Plug takes a good thing and makes it better ( or at least bigger ) .
A beefed up version of the original Tristan plug , the 10th anniversary edition is a must have for any butt aficionado in need of an upgrade .
7 ) Bolero Straitjacket ** BEST LUXURY TOY **:
This delightful bondage device combines the efficient immobilization of the straitjacket with the delicious eroticism of being nearly naked .
True , it 's not cheap — but if you 're willing and able to invest in your BDSM toy chest , it 's an excellent addition .
6 ) Imperial : With 11 inches of aircraft quality spun aluminum , the Imperial is bound to please any and all size queens — especially the ones who enjoy toys with the ability to pleasure and violently disfigure .
5 ) Bloomy : A wonderful dildo for the girls , and a p - spot stimulating butt plug for the boys — Bloomy 's a toy that everyone can enjoy !
( Just , uh , remember to sterilize it before sharing . )
4 ) Finger Tingles ** BEST BUY **:
Since the day we first discovered sex , we 've wondered whether there could ever be away to improve on the erotic abilities of the simple little finger .
The answer , friends , is yes : with the help of the Finger Tingles , your mild - mannered digit becomes a super finger .
3 ) Contour Q ** BEST DISCREET TOY **:
Do n't be fooled by Contour Q's innocent appearance : these bumpy little massage stones know their way around a woman 's body .
And we do mean all parts of the body .
2 ) Sqweel : With the Sqweel , Love Honey set out to create a toy that replicates the sensation of oral sex .
While they may not have quite achieved that goal , they did create a wholly unique toy that stimulates in a very unusual ( and very pleasing ) way .
1 ) Form 2 : Small , sleek , and super - powered : the rabbit - inspired Form 2 has two silicone ears that are all revved up and ready to rock .
And just like a real rabbit , this thing wo n't quit until long after you 're satisifed .
Worst Toy of 2009 : The Blowguard : Sure , it 'll enable you to give a decent blowjob with absolutely no effort ... at the cost of your dignity , your comfort , and your ability to control your drooling .
Tagged in : dildos , gizmodo , jezebel , marital aid test kitchen , matk , sex toys , straight , top ten , vibrators , year in review ,
A judge in Sargodha on Friday ordered that five Muslim Americans suspected of pursuing jihadist training in Pakistan remain in custody for another 10 days so the police could continue their investigation .
An earlier custody order was set to expire Friday .
The police said in mid-December that they were planning to charge the five men , all from the Washington , D.C. , area , under antiterrorism laws with planning a “ criminal conspiracy ” ; they reiterated those intentions on Friday .
No charges have been filed , and the men are due back in court on Jan .
4 . If charged and convicted , they could serve prison sentences in Pakistan , but the law minister in Punjab Province , Rana Sanaullah , said he believed that the five men would ultimately be deported to the United States .
When the University of Chicago professor , Robert Z Aliber , came to Reykjavik in 2007 and saw the many building cranes rising from the tiny and northernmost capital in the world , he immediately saw that the bubble was going to burst .
Like most critics of Iceland 's economic boom at the time , his prediction was dismissed by the whole Icelandic establishment .
They claimed that Aliber , as a foreigner , did n't have a profound enough understanding of the uniqueness of the Icelandic society .
When the Icelandic Viking economy came crumbling down in the second week of October 2008 , many economists started to take another look at Aliber 's theory .
And now their eyes are turning to the crisis in Dubai .
For a while , more than a quarter of all the building cranes of the world were gathered in this small city state in the United Arab Emirates .
It almost feels as though the Dubai skyscrapers are collapsing under their own weight .
It is a strange feeling to witness your country falling apart before your eyes .
You first start to panic when you realise that there is nothing you can do to stop the crash .
When the crisis hit Iceland 's shores last year the rock of the Viking economy proved to be nothing more than clear water .
Now we shall have to wait and see whether Dubai 's economy is built only on sand , or if a more solid base can be found to underpin its economy .
If there is anything to be learned from Iceland 's experience , then it is that authorities need to act very quickly when a financial crisis hits .
The country 's three main banks all fell within three consecutive days , sending a shockwave through the whole banking system in Europe .
During that horrible time Iceland found itself quite alone in the world , creating a kind of bunker mentality within the country .
Anything foreign started to be viewed as a potential threat .
And for a while the outlook for this tiny nation in the north Atlantic seemed pretty bleak .
But now , a year on , Iceland is slowly starting to recover .
Many people have surely lost a lot of money , homeowners have seen their debt rise – some are in negative equity – unemployment is up to almost 9 % , the highest in the history of our young republic , and our currency 's value has fallen by half from its strongest position in 2007 .
However , contrary to many media reports , life is gradually getting back to normal .
One reason is that most Icelanders were never part of this new banking economy .
Most of the Icelandic banks ' operations were abroad and therefore the burden is also mostly felt overseas .
This is a big difference between Dubai and Iceland .
While Dubai has been attracting foreign billionaires to buy homes on its artificial islands , the Icelandic nouveau riche had largely moved to London .
Dubai has been importing billionaires ; we were exporting ours .
Some 85 % of Dubai 's population is foreign and can therefore easily leave if the country collapses .
In Iceland , however , almost all of us were born here .
And actually , whatever happens , most of us wo n't ever leave – even if we have to survive on cod liver oil .
by
As Ed pointed out in October , Sequoia Voting Systems , Inc. ( “ Sequoia ” ) announced then that it intended to publish the source code of their voting system software , called “ Frontier ” , currently under development .
( Also see EKR ‘s post : “ Contrarianism on Sequoia ’s Disclosed Source Voting System ” . )
Yesterday , Sequoia made good on this promise and you can now pull the source code they ’ve made available from their Subversion repository here :
http://sequoiadev.svn.beanstalkapp.com/projects/
Sequoia refers to this move in it ’s release as “ the first public disclosure of source code from a voting systems manufacturer ” .
Carefully parsed , that ’s probably correct : there have been unintentional disclosures of source code ( e.g. , Diebold in 2003 ) and I know of two other voting industry companies that have disclosed source code ( VoteHere , now out of business , and Everyone Counts ) , but these were either not “ voting systems manufacturers ” or the disclosures were not available publicly .
Of course , almost all of the research systems ( like VoteBox and Helios ) have been truly open source .
Groups like OSDV and OVC have released or will soon release voting system source code under open source licenses .
I wrote a paper ages ago ( 2006 ) on the use of open and disclosed source code for voting systems and I ’m surprised at how well that analysis and set of recommendations has held up ( the original paper is here , an updated version is in pages 11 – 41 of my PhD thesis ) .
The purpose of my post here is to highlight one point of that paper in a bit of detail : disclosed source software licenses need to have a few specific features to be useful to potential voting system evaluators .
I ’ll start by describing three examples of disclosed source software licenses and then talk about what I ’d like to see , as a tinkerer , in these agreements .
The definition of an open source software product is relatively simple : for all practical purposes , anything released under an OSI - approved software license is open source , especially in the sense that one who downloads the source code will have wide latitude to copy , distribute , modify , perform , etc. the source code .
What we refer to as disclosed source software is publicly released under a more restrictive license .
Three Disclosed Source Licenses
We have at least three examples of these kinds of licenses from voting systems applications :
Sequoia : Sequoia ’s license is a good place to start , due to its relative simplicity .
It grants the user a limited copyright and patent license for “ reference use ” , which is defined as ( emphasis added ) : “ Reference use ” means use of the software within your company as a reference , in read only form , for the sole purposes of reviewing and inspecting the code .
In addition , this license allows inspection of the code to enhance , or develop ancillary software or hardware products to enhance interoperability of your products with the software .
Distribution of this source is allowed provided that this license , and all copyright notices remain in - tact .
( If you ’re a developer and you suspect that you ’ve seen this license before , you might have .
It ’s appears identical to Microsoft ’s Reference Source License ( Ms- RSL ) which is used to distribute things like the .NET Framework under their shared source program .
That makes a good deal of sense since Frontier is written in .NET ! )
Everyone Counts 1 : Everyone Counts ’ ( E1C ) license is curious .
( Unfortunately , I do n’t see a copy of this license posted publicly , so I ’ll just quote from it . )
I say curious mostly because of the flowery language it includes , such as ( emphasis added ) :
The sources are provided for scrutiny in the same spirit as any member of the public may apply and obtain escorted access to a public election , and is entitled free and open access to election processes to satisfy his or herself of the veracity of the claims of electoral officers and that the process upholds democratic principles .
In the same way , the elections observer is not permitted to capture and publish or otherwise make public the processes of the physical count at an election , the same applies for these sources .
I ’m not sure what that last part is about ; it ’s pretty well accepted — in the U.S. — that “ making public the processes of the physical count ” is a basic requirement of democratic elections .
Anyway , on to the substance :
It ’s a pretty simple license , although more complex than the Sequoia license .
The core of this license allows the user to “ examine , compile and execute the resulting bytecodes ” from the Java source code .
It specifies that the user is allowed these rights for the purpose of “ analysis forming electoral scrutiny ” , which is a difficult phrase to parse .
The license suffers from a lot of such wording problems , which make it pretty hard to understand .
VoteHere2 : The VoteHere license agreement is considerably more complex and looks more like a commercial software license agreement .
My favorite part , of course , is : TO AVOID ANY DOUBT , THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT BEING LICENSED ON AN OPEN SOURCE BASIS .
The central component is that VoteHere restricts all your rights , other than copying and modifying the source code for evaluation purposes , and owns any derivative works you create from the source code .
It has some other quirks ; for example , the license , despite being a click - wrap license , has a hard term of 60 days after which all copies and such must be destroyed .
( Presumably , you could click through again after 60 days , and restart the term . )
What Does an Evaluator Need in a License ?
Each of these licenses has its strengths and weaknesses .
The Sequoia license does n’t seem to permit modification of the source code but is relatively simple and allows distribution of Sequoia ’s unmodified code .
The VoteHere and E1C licenses , however , understand that modification may be necessary to evaluate the software ( VoteHere even includes a license to the system ’s documentation , an essential but often overlooked part of evaluating source code . ) .
The VoteHere license is extremely onerous in that it is very strict and places heavy burdens on the evaluator .
The E1C license is flowery and hard to understand , but seems simple at the core and seems to understand what evaluators might need in terms of modifying the code during evaluation .
This raises a good question :
What rights , exactly , do evaluators need to examine source code ?
Practically , it depends on what they want to do .
If all they want to do is human line - by - line source code analysis , than a “ read - only ” license like Sequoia ’s is probably fine .
However , what about compiling the source code with debugging flags set ?
What about modifying the software to see how another piece of it performs ?
Listed ( sort of ) in terms of the rights granted by U.S. copyright law , here are some thoughts :
Examining :
If it does n’t require making a copy , simply looking at the source code with your eyeballs is not covered by copyright law .
So licenses that allow you to “ examine ” the source code are n’t really granting much , unless they define “ examine ” to mean something that implicates exclusive rights ( which are listed in 17 USC 106 ) .
Copying :
Of course , downloading and loading source code in an IDE or text editor will make a number of copies , so at the most basic level , evaluators will need to be able to do this .
Backup copies are also a necessity these days and VoteHere ’s license contemplates this by allowing “ reproduc[tion ] for temporary archive purposes ” .
Modification : Evaluators will need some ability to modify the code .
Either simply in compiling it to execute it or the next logical step which involves special types of compilation such that “ debugging flags ” are set ( this includes special flags and metadata in the compiled code which allows debugging tools to step through the program , set break points , etc. ) .
Some types of evaluation require minor modifications to integrate the code into an analysis method ; a simple example is just changing pieces of the code to see how other pieces will respond or inserting code that prints to the screen ( which is a very primitive but useful form of debugging ! ) .
Each of these actions creates a derivative work , so that should be explicitly allowed in these licenses .
Distribution :
At first , you might not think that evaluators would need much in the way of rights to distribute the source code .
However , distributing modified works , such as a patch that fixes a bug , could be very useful .
Also , being able to share the code if the official means of getting the code goes dark is often useful ; for example , having a portal of voting system source code would provide this “ mirroring ” capability and could also allow creating a “ one - stop shop ” for tinkerers and researchers who would point research tools at these code repositories for analysis .
Performance : Both reading the source code out loud or showing it publicly are also implicated by copyright law .
Why would an evaluator want to do this ?
Well , imagine that you ’ve completed an analysis of a disclosed source code product and you want to write up your findings .
It ’s often useful to include snippets of code .
Small snippets would likely be covered by fair use , but it ’s always nice to not have to worry about that and have explicit permission to at least “ display ” and possibly “ read aloud ” source code in these contexts ( think accessible or podcast versions of a report ! ) .
Executing :
There are a line of legal cases that say that “ executing ” a program is protected by copyright law due to a copy of the object code being loaded into memory at run time .
Hopefully , there ’s no reason to believe that permission to make copies , the first and most basic need of evaluators highlighted above , would n’t also include this interpretation of “ executing ” the code .
Outside of these types of exclusive rights , there ’s also something to be said for simplicity .
The simplicity of the BSD license is a great example : it ’s widely used and understood to be very generous and easy to understand .
The Sequoia license ( being the Ms - RSL license ) is very simple and easy to understand .
The E1C license is not particularly complex , but it ’s substance is hard to understand ( again , apologies that I cannot post the text of that license ) .
The VoteHere license is easy to understand but very complex and extremely onerous in terms of the burden it places on evaluators .
As I finally finish writing this , I ’m told Sequoia might be interested in modifying their license .
That would be a wonderful idea and I hope these thoughts are useful for modifying it .
I do wonder how they ’ll be able to modify the license and still distribute parts of the .NET Framework under a new license .
Perhaps they ’ll specify that the .NET parts are under the Ms- RSL and any Sequoia - sourced source code is under Sequoia ’s new license .
We ’ll see !
1 Everyone Counts sells internet voting solutions , which are scary as hell to a lot of us .
2 VoteHere was a company , now seemingly out of business , that made a number of products including a cryptographic add - on module , Sentinel , for the Diebold / Premier AccuVote - TS voting system and a absentee ballot tracking system .
What qualities would you come up with if you were asked to describe an Olympian ?
Perseverance ?
Determination ?
Fearlessness ?
Quick Wits ?
Teamwork ?
You could probably come up with a long list of admirable qualities .
Now how about if you were asked to describe an entrepreneur ?
Do n't all of those terms apply to the most dedicated of entrepreneurs ?
Do n't the successful ones share the fearlessness and dedication that Olympians exhibit ?
Although a professional cyclist may be different in many ways to the founder of an Internet startup , many of the traits and qualities of a successful cyclist are the same for successful entrepreneurs .
So while we celebrate the greatest of all sporting events , let 's learn a few lessons from these amazing individuals .
Here are seven lessons you can take from the hard work and struggles of Olympians .
1 ) Great talent means nothing without great teamwork :
Just ask LeBron James .
The 2004 Olympics were a disaster for Team USA Basketball .
Despite having the most talented individuals on the court , the United States lost three times and came home with a disappointing bronze .
After that , the leadership 's mentality changed to make sure 2008 was different .
Coach Mike Krzyzewski did n't choose individuals , but chose a team .
This group has now played together since 2005 and 2006 in preparation for these Olympics and showed their strength in a 101 - 70 opening rout of China .
Learn from Team USA 's mistakes - getting great talent is never enough if that talent does not mesh and work well together .
You must build a team with members that complement each other and are selfless in achieving company goals .
If you ignore that team dynamic , you 're probably going to be stuck with something far more disappointing than a bronze medal .
2 ) Endorsement deals are great , but do n't let them distract you :
In sports , endorsement deals mean commercials , visibility , new products , and a wad of cash .
For Internet entrepreneurs , endorsement deals mean venture capitalists , networking , new credibility , and of course a wad of cash .
But if you get too engrossed in venture capital , it can become something you regret .
If you spend too much time finding a deal instead of working on making your product the best it can be , nobody will want to endorse you in the first place , regardless of whether you 're an athlete or an entrepreneur .
3 ) Finish :
Finishing is n't always easy and you can get distracted from the end by distractions .
Sometimes it 's just painful and the last thing you want to do , but nobody succeeds without finishing .
The greats dig deep to summon the strength needed to finish .
Just ask Track and Field Gold Medalist Derek Redmond .
Even if you do not come out the winner in the end , you can hold your head up high and know you did what most never do : finish what they start .
4 ) When you are injured , you need to work even harder to reach your goals :
Yao Ming is the Chinese icon of sports .
But the basketball all - star 's role in the 2008 Olympics was put into doubt when he broke his foot in February .
China worried about not having Yao during its great Olympic debut .
Yao 's response ?
If I cannot play in the Olympics for my country this time , it will be the biggest loss in my career to right now . "
Yao Ming then worked his butt off to rehabilitate , to heal , and to prepare .
And it paid off :
He once again carried the Chinese flag during the opening ceremony and headlined the Chinese national team .
In the world of Internet startups , dramatic changes to the market can put you and your company 's future in doubt as well .
When you are at the short end of a lawsuit or being hammered by the media , remember what you set out to do in the first place .
To make something successful you 're going to have to take those bruises , stand up , and work even harder to succeed .
Injuries are temporary - they 'll eventually heal .
Throwing in the towel is permanent .
5 ) Know your competition :
Some people suggest that you ignore the competition and focus only on your own goals and your own work .
True , it 's more important to focus on your company and your business than obsess over the competition , but not looking at the big picture is also foolish .
Baseball teams know the tendencies of opposing pitches .
Tennis players know whether their opponent 's forehand or backhand is weaker and adjust their game accordingly .
As an entrepreneur in a very fast - paced market , knowing when new competitors pop up or about what customers think of the current competition can help define a better direction for your company .
If Olympians do n't ignore their competition , why should you ?
6 ) Nothing worth accomplishing comes quick and easy :
Michael Phelps is out to break the world record for gold medals won in a single Olympics .
8 medals is n't a cakewalk – he has 17 races to swim to win those 8 medals .
Hours of practice .
Hours of cool - down laps after those races .
Years of training .
Hundreds of workouts .
Hell , it takes Michael Phelps 20 - 30 minutes to get into his state - of - the - art swimsuit .
That is dedication .
But the reward is eternal .
You do n't need to stay in a pool for half of your life to accomplish your goals .
The lesson is still the same - there is no substitute for hard work and dedication when it comes to success .
Putting in those extra hours or persevering that much more can make all the difference between your idea 's success and your company 's dissolution .
7 ) Remember what 's really important :
You 're a human being first and an entrepreneur second .
The Olympics are about people , not money or politics .
Entrepreneurship is the same .
Do n't create or join a startup because of the financial rewards – very few achieve Mark Zuckerberg - level success .
Do it because you love it and because you believe your idea can help make people 's lives better .
Alcohol is involved in more than 170 fatal car accidents in Massachusetts each year , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Thousands of drivers and passengers are injured or killed because of drunk driving negligence .
If this has happened to you or a loved one , call the experienced lawyers at The Law Offices of Joseph J. Cariglia , P.C. , in Worcester .
Injured by a drunk driver ?
We will fight for the compensation you deserve .
Contact us online or call 866-491-6561 for a free initial consultation .
The Massachusetts Dramshop Law Holds People Accountable
Bars or restaurants that continue to serve alcohol to a patron who is obviously intoxicated share responsibility for the damages and injuries if that driver causes an accident .
Hosts of private parties where alcohol is served are responsible for similar damages and injuries .
Even if the driver who injured you is not convicted of a DUI ( driving under the influence ) or DWI ( driving while intoxicated ) , you may still be able to obtain financial compensation in civil court for your medical bills , pain and suffering , property damage , and lost wages or income caused by drunk driving .
We ’ll Stand By You
Drunk driving is obvious negligence , especially when the driver is underage .
Those who get behind the wheel when they have had too much to drink put everyone else on the road at risk .
You may be dealing with serious injury or loss of wages , or may have lost a loved one due to a fatal car accident caused by drunk driving .
The lawyers at The Law Offices of Joseph J. Cariglia , P.C. , provide knowledgeable , experienced representation for drunk driving accident victims .
It is a good idea to speak with our attorneys before dealing with your insurance company .
We can help determine if the insurance company ’s calculation of your losses and damages is adequate .
We can also help you obtain additional coverage from the other motorist ’s auto insurance policy , another automobile insurance policy or an umbrella policy .
Get The Money You Deserve
Email us or call us at 866-491-6561 to set up an initial consultation with one of our experienced attorneys handling drunk driver cases .
We settled the largest liquor liability case in Massachusetts history for more than $ 26 million .
Our personal injury law firm can help you recover financial compensation for the damages you have suffered .
Regular Counterknowledge readers will know that there is no shortage of charlatans ready to take money from people in dire straits .
Whether they have money problems , anxieties about the future or a life - threatening illness , there will be someone around to profit from their ignorance .
The usual answer is either more regulation or stricter enforcement of existing regulations , coupled with a public education drive to try and close off their revenue streams .
It is notoriously difficult to persuade authorities of the need to close down these crooks , but each of these efforts helps protect someone in distress from making an ill - informed decision .
The real bread and butter of those who prey on ignorance is not , however , the sick and the desperate .
Once in a while they come along and provide a windfall to the snake oil merchants , but in the main profits are made from the small regular payments from what we might call the “ serially credulous ” .
These are the people who will consult a chiropractor for every strained muscle , who stop by the Chinese herbal “ medicine ” shop for a monthly check - up – invariably resulting in the purchase of another load of overpriced , and potentially toxic , vegetation – and who hire a feng shui consultant and astrologer every time they move house .
So who are the people who keep Patrick Holford so handsomely fed and clothed ?
They probably subscribe to one of the bibles of bollocks which clog up magazine racks nationwide , such as the cheapo Fate and Fortune magazine , which seems to have escaped criticism by hiding in the “ women ’s interest ” section of the supermarket .
Random quote ( in answer to a reader ’s question about anxiety ) : Dear Diane .
In a past life , you were buried alive while pregnant .
It happened in Spain in the 7th Century .
As a pagan sacrifice , you were bludgeoned and thrown into a pit , then earth was piled on top of you .
A past life regression would help get rid of your fear .
Also from the lucrative Bauer publishing stable is the more upmarket Spirit & Destiny magazine ( pictured ) , circulation 237,949 , which this month comes with a free Angel Healing wall chart authored by Doreen Virtue ( “ PhD ” ) .
The chart provides readers with advice on the best way to “ bring the amazing power of these heavenly beings into your life . ”
The appetite for this stuff is huge , a fact borne out by the recent findings of the Office of Fair Trading , who trumpeted their success in closing down a Dutch organisation selling lucky lottery numbers to what the OFT described as ‘ vulnerable people ’ .
Over 6,700 orders were placed , at £ 20 or £ 40 a time .
It does n’t say whether that figure represents 6,700 customers or a smaller number who brought repeat business .
But if you ’re naive enough to pay at least £ 20 for a random string of digits , then you might well do it twice .
The OFT estimates that basic scams such as these earn the perpetrators around £ 3.5 billion per year , the bulk of it from a small number of suckers whose names and addresses can change hands for large sums thanks to the potential revenue that can be lifted from their pockets .
To snare such a person represents a regular source of income for the unscrupulous , much as getting the custom of an incorrigible addict is for a drug dealer , and , for the same reason , it is n’t possible to reduce the number of quacks in operation below a certain number .
The resultant high profits for those few that remain represent too great a temptation , and recruit more people into the “ business ” .
As long as there are people willing to give up their money without thinking about it first , and they are legion , it seems that counterknowledge will be with us for a long time to come .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Regular Counterknowledge readers will know that there is no shortage of charlatans ready to take money from people in dire straits .
Whether they have money problems , anxieties about the future or a life - threatening illness , there will be someone around to profit from their ignorance .
The usual answer is either more regulation or stricter enforcement of existing regulations , coupled with a public education drive to try and close off their revenue streams .
It is notoriously difficult to persuade authorities of the need to close down these crooks , but each of these efforts helps protect someone in distress from making an ill - informed decision .
The real bread and butter of those who prey on ignorance is not , however , the sick and the desperate .
Once in a while they come along and provide a windfall to the snake oil merchants , but in the main profits are made from the small regular payments from what we might call the “ serially credulous ” .
These are the people who will consult a chiropractor for every strained muscle , who stop by the Chinese herbal “ medicine ” shop for a monthly check - up – invariably resulting in the purchase of another load of overpriced , and potentially toxic , vegetation – and who hire a feng shui consultant and astrologer every time they move house .
So who are the people who keep Patrick Holford so handsomely fed and clothed ?
They probably subscribe to one of the bibles of bollocks which clog up magazine racks nationwide , such as the cheapo Fate and Fortune magazine , which seems to have escaped criticism by hiding in the “ women ’s interest ” section of the supermarket .
Random quote ( in answer to a reader ’s question about anxiety ) :
Dear Diane .
In a past life , you were buried alive while pregnant .
It happened in Spain in the 7th Century .
As a pagan sacrifice , you were bludgeoned and thrown into a pit , then earth was piled on top of you .
A past life regression would help get rid of your fear .
Also from the lucrative Bauer publishing stable is the more upmarket Spirit & Destiny magazine ( pictured ) , circulation 237,949 , which this month comes with a free Angel Healing wall chart authored by Doreen Virtue ( “ PhD ” ) .
The chart provides readers with advice on the best way to “ bring the amazing power of these heavenly beings into your life . ”
The appetite for this stuff is huge , a fact borne out by the recent findings of the Office of Fair Trading , who trumpeted their success in closing down a Dutch organisation selling lucky lottery numbers to what the OFT described as ‘ vulnerable people ’ .
Over 6,700 orders were placed , at £ 20 or £ 40 a time .
It does n’t say whether that figure represents 6,700 customers or a smaller number who brought repeat business .
But if you ’re naive enough to pay at least £ 20 for a random string of digits , then you might well do it twice .
The OFT estimates that basic scams such as these earn the perpetrators around £ 3.5 billion per year , the bulk of it from a small number of suckers whose names and addresses can change hands for large sums thanks to the potential revenue that can be lifted from their pockets .
To snare such a person represents a regular source of income for the unscrupulous , much as getting the custom of an incorrigible addict is for a drug dealer , and , for the same reason , it is n’t possible to reduce the number of quacks in operation below a certain number .
The resultant high profits for those few that remain represent too great a temptation , and recruit more people into the “ business ” .
As long as there are people willing to give up their money without thinking about it first , and they are legion , it seems that counterknowledge will be with us for a long time to come .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
According to a Belgian newspaper a team of thieves managed to scoop between 3 and 4 thousand iPhones from a warehouse in Belgium this weekend .
The thieves apparently managed to climb up the warehouse using a fire ladder and make a hole in the roof right above where the iPhones were being held .
The Belgian carrier in charge of distributing the phones has already blocked the phones from accessing its network using their IMEI .
But since the measure is only national we can very much assume that they will still be sold somewhere else .
I wonder if Apple will actually be able to locate them using the embedded GPS ... [ via Gizmodo
Japan once again ( again ? ! ) brings us the future .
No more ronery nights as soon you can have one of these school girl surrogates to keep you company .
Posted by Henry at Figure.fm .
As for surrogates - a recommended watch ?
Popular religious belief is caused by dysfunctional social conditions .
This is the conclusion of the latest sociological research ( pdf ) conducted by Gregory Paul .
Far from religion benefiting societies , as the " moral - creator socioeconomic hypothesis " would have it , popular religion is a psychological mechanism for coping with high levels of stress and anxiety – or so he suggests .
I 've long been interested in Paul 's work because it addresses a whole bunch of fascinating questions – why are Americans so religious when the rest of the developed world is increasingly secular ?
Is religious belief beneficial to societies ?
does religion make people behave better ?
Many believers assume , without question , that it does – even that there can be no morality without religion .
They cite George Washington who believed that national morality could not prevail without religions principles , or Dostoevsky 's famous claim ( actually words of his fictional character Ivan Karamazov ) that " without God all things are permitted " .
Then there are Americans defending their country 's peculiarly high levels of popular religious belief and claiming that faith - based charity is better than universal government provision .
Atheists , naturalists and humanists fight back claiming that it 's perfectly possible to be moral without God .
Evolutionary psychology reveals the common morality of our species , and the universal values of fairness , kindness , and reciprocity .
But who is right ?
As a scientist I want evidence .
What if – against all my own beliefs – it turns out that religious people really do behave better than atheists , and that religious societies are better in important respects than non-religious ones , then I would have cause to rethink some of my ideas .
This is where Gregory Paul and his research come in .
I have often quoted his earlier , 2005 , research which showed strong positive correlations between nations ' religious belief and levels of murder , teenage pregnancy , drug abuse and other indicators of dysfunction .
It seemed to show , at the very least , that being religious does not necessarily make for a better society .
The real problem was that he was able to show only correlations , and the publicity for his new research seemed to imply causation .
If so this would have important implications indeed .
In this latest research Paul measures " popular religiosity " for developed nations , and then compares it against the " successful societies scale " ( SSS ) which includes such things such as homicides , the proportion of people incarcerated , infant mortality , sexually transmitted diseases , teenage births and abortions , corruption , income inequality , and many others .
In other words it is a way of summing up a society 's health .
The outlier again and again is the US with a stunning catalogue of failures .
On almost every measure the US comes out worse than any other 1st world developed nation , and it is also the most religious .
For this reason Paul carries out his analysis both with and without the US included , but either way the same correlations turn up .
The 1st world nations with the highest levels of belief in God , and the greatest religious observance are also the ones with all the signs of societal dysfunction .
These correlations are truly stunning .
They are not " barely significant " or marginal in any way .
Many , such as those between popular religiosity and teenage abortions and STDs have correlation coefficients over 0.9 and the overall correlation with the SSS is 0.7 with the US included and 0.5 without .
These are powerful relationships .
But why ?
The critical step from correlation to cause is not easy .
Paul analyses all sorts of possibilities .
Immigration and diversity do not explain the relationships , nor do a country 's frontier past , nor its violent media , and so he is led to his conclusions : " Because highly secular democracies are significantly and regularly outperforming the more theistic ones , the moral - creator socioeconomic hypothesis is rejected in favour of the secular - democratic socioeconomic hypothesis " ; " religious prosociality and charity are less effective at improving societal conditions than are secular government programmes " .
He draws implications for human evolution too .
Contrary to Dan Dennett , Pascal Boyer and others , he argues that religion is not a deep - seated or inherited tendency .
It is a crutch to which people turn when they are under extreme stress , " a natural invention of human minds in response to a defective habitat " .
Americans , he says , suffer appalling stress and anxiety due to the lack of universal health care , the competitive economic environment , and huge income inequalities , and under these conditions belief in a supernatural creator and reliance on religious observance provides relief .
By contrast , the middle class majorities of western Europe , Canada , Australia , New Zealand and Japan have secure enough lives not to seek help from a supernatural creator .
These are powerful conclusions indeed , and if they are right the US in particular needs to take note .
But are they ?
I still retain some caution .
I keep reminding myself of the obvious point that in science it is all too easy to apply a more critical eye to research whose conclusions you disagree with .
In this case the wiggly route from correlation to cause includes many questionable steps , and clearly a lot more research is needed .
I was also dismayed by what might seem trivial – the appalling number of typos and other mistakes in the only version of the paper I could find – the one that is linked from the press release and several other places .
There are missing words , added words , " their "s for " there "s and other errors that sometimes made it hard to follow .
If the text was so poorly checked , I wondered , what about the data ?
Should I apply my critical concerns to those stunningly high correlations too ?
I guess we 'll find out , for this is a hot topic and a thriving research area .
For now we need not necessarily agree with Paul that " it is probably not possible for a socially healthy nation to be highly religious " but he has certainly shown that the healthiest nations are also the least religious .
The moment we 've been waiting for us is here : Toyota has announced it will offer a plug - in Prius to the masses in 2011 and it will be an " affordable " car , offering triple - digit fuel economy .
The world 's No. 1 automaker has for years offered a litany of reasons why adding a cord to the world 's most popular hybrid was n't as easy as all those enthusiasts who have done it would have you believe .
There were questions about range , reliability and cost .
But it seems Toyota has at last answered them , and today it announced it will offer the plug - in Prius in " widespread release " as a 2012 model .
So what made Toyota finally get off the dime ?
Could it be that the company that made hybrid a household word is a wee bit worried about losing the green mantle to General Motors or Nissan ?
After all , the Chevrolet Volt and Nissan Leaf electric vehicles roll into showrooms at the end of next year .
The New York Times says Toyota has " scrambled to gain the upper hand in an increasingly crowded battle over next - generation ' green ' technology . "
It 's a fair assessment , now that everyone 's jumping on the hybrid bandwagon .
You know it 's a crowded field when there 's a Porsche Cayenne hybrid and even a Tata Nano hybrid on the horizon .
Clearly Toyota needs to do something if it is to retain its rep for innovation .
And when you look at what Toyota is bringing to the showrooms , the plug - in Prius is a fairly nice piece of kit .
For starters , it will be the first Toyota with lithium - ion batteries .
It will allow the corded car to travel 14.5 miles on electricity alone .
Not much , but it 's a start .
More impressive is the fuel economy – Toyota 's claiming 134 mpg .
The Times notes Toyota is throwing its considerable weight behind hybrids and wo n't be looking at battery electrics or other alt fuels anytime soon .
" We have been working on developing efficient powertrains to be able to use oil as efficiently as possible .
Many hurdles remain for alternative fuels , " Takeshi Uchiyamada , Toyota 's executive vice president , told the Times .
He went further when he talked to the Wall Street Journal : " Toyota believes that plug - in hybrids are a realistic solution among vehicles using electricity . "
Toyota is developing the batteries through its partnership with Panasonic , which has provided the nickel - metal hydride batteries in the Prius we all know and love .
Production started last month at its Teiho factory in Japan , but Bloomberg reports future batteries could be sourced from other suppliers , such as Sanyo Electric Company .
Although we wo n't see the plug - in Prius in showrooms until 2011 , Toyota is rolling out 500 of them in the coming months .
It 's providing 350 of them to municipal fleets in Japan to further refine the technology .
Another 150 are slated for fleets in the United States early next year .
Toyota will collect info on a variety of topics , including how and when the vehicles are charged , whether the batteries are depleted and how they are performing .
No word on what the plug - in Prius will cost , but Uchiyamada promised it will be " affordable . "
The 2010 Prius starts at $ 22,400 .
Photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
See Also :
COME AND FLIP IT !
March 26 - 28 , 2021
Embassy Suites Dallas – Frisco Hotel and Convention Center
7600 John Q Hammons Dr. , Frisco , TX 75034
Eastman Kodak Co. has said sayonara to about 22,000 workers over the last five years .
Verizon Communications Inc. says it will have handed about 16,000 workers their hats by Dec. 31 -- and it is already looking ahead to the possibility of more layoffs next year .
So it took more than a little chutzpah for the chief executives of both companies to go before reporters the other day to denounce a government health insurance plan as being bad for America .
Where do they expect all the people they ’ve thrown into the unemployment line to get coverage ?
And what about the families of all those people ?
Advertisement
And what about the millions of other American workers who either ca n’t get employer - provided health coverage or who have been rejected by private insurers for one reason or another ?
It takes your breath away to see corporate leaders so brazenly placing profits before people ’s lives .
Moreover , it ’s only going to get worse .
WellPoint Inc. , the nation ’s largest for - profit health insurer , said last week that it expects fourth - quarter earnings to decline as more workers are laid off and lose their insurance .
“ The number of insured lives is going down as the recession drives layoffs in the commercial group of business , ” said Ken Goulet , CEO of WellPoint ’s commercial business division .
Advertisement
At least he had the decency to describe those losing coverage as people .
Too often , you get the feeling that health insurers see us as little more than profit centers and balance - sheet liabilities .
Kodak and Verizon are both members of the Business Roundtable , an organization of CEOs whose companies collectively provide health insurance to more than 35 million workers and their families .
The Business Roundtable called last week ’s news conference to add its voice to other corporate critics of a public health insurance plan , particularly now that it ’s looking more likely that bills emerging from the House and Senate will include such an option .
“ A public plan would neither manage cost nor encourage innovation , ” declared Kodak CEO Antonio Perez , who heads the Business Roundtable ’s healthcare reform efforts .
“ We believe it is the wrong direction for fixing our healthcare system . ”
Advertisement
Verizon CEO
Ivan Seidenberg said the group ’s members are open to tinkering with the existing healthcare system , but a public option “ will take this entire debate in a direction that would not be acceptable to Business Roundtable . ”
The CEOs ’ main worry is that millions of people would flock to a public health plan because it could cost less than coverage offered by private insurers .
Many of these people may be the younger workers prized by private insurers because they pay regular premiums but seldom make claims .
This , the CEOs say , would only make coverage more expensive as private insurers face smaller and less - healthy risk pools , and cope with greater demands for compensation from doctors and hospitals .
“ The costs for all of us in the system will continue to go up and again put pressure on employers to get out of the healthcare system , ” warned John Castellani , president of the Business Roundtable .
And there ’s your nightmare scenario :
More employers abandon their role as providers of health insurance , thus driving more people into the arms of a government plan , which would inexorably lead to -- gasp ! -- socialized medicine .
Advertisement
This is , of course , nonsense .
No one ’s talking about the government taking over hospitals or medical clinics , or in any way telling healthcare providers how to practice medicine .
The entire healthcare reform effort centers on providing coverage to the roughly 47 million people in the country now going without , and reining in costs that now result in about a third of all healthcare dollars being squandered on bureaucratic overhead .
And really , where do business leaders -- especially CEOs with their gold - plated benefits -- get off telling Americans what sort of healthcare is best for them ?
According to Forbes , the country ’s 500 largest public companies have laid off more than 611,000 workers since the beginning of the year .
Advertisement
For example , Caterpillar Inc. has bid farewell to more than 27,000 workers .
Pfizer Inc. has said adios to almost 20,000 workers .
AT&T ; Inc. has slammed the door on about 12,000 workers .
In the financial sector , Citigroup Inc. has handed walking papers to about 52,000 workers .
Bank of America Corp. is getting rid of 35,000 workers .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is turning its back on about 14,000 people .
Each of these companies is a member of the Business Roundtable , as are dozens more of the biggest names in the business world .
Some laid - off workers may have already found work , and health coverage , elsewhere .
But most , judging from the nation ’s steadily rising unemployment rate ( 9.5 % as of September ) , are still without jobs .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , most leading employers have increased premiums , co-pays and deductibles for workers remaining on the payroll , making health coverage less affordable with each passing year .
Listening to business leaders sputter and whine about a public option is about as convincing as listening to the insurance industry serve up repeated predictions of medical doom , all the while salivating over a government requirement that nearly all Americans buy their product .
The only opinion that matters here is that of the millions of people who ca n’t afford or obtain health insurance , or who have found their coverage wanting when they need it most .
Most polls show that a majority of Americans favor a public option as a way to make private insurers more competitive and accountable to their customers .
Advertisement
Kodak and Verizon and the rest of the Business Roundtable account for millions of dollars in political donations , and that ’s why their views are heeded by lawmakers .
But they ’re also the ones whose repeated cutbacks have resulted in countless families now going without insurance .
If they have a better idea for effectively providing coverage to the people they once called their own , let them speak .
Otherwise , shut up already .
--
Advertisement
David Lazarus ’ column runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The team slowly reconstructed what " Ardi " would have looked like
The discovery of a fossilised skeleton that has become a " central character in the story of human evolution " has been named the science breakthrough of 2009 .
The 4.4 million year old creature , that may be a human ancestor , was first described in a series of papers in the journal Science in October .
It has now been recognised by the journal 's editors as the most important scientific accomplishment of this year .
It is part of a scientific top 10 that ranges from space science to genetics .
The first fossils of the species , Ardipithecus ramidus , were unearthed in 1994 .
Scientists recognised their importance immediately .
But the very poor condition of the ancient bones meant that it took researchers 15 years to excavate and analyse them .
It 's not a chimp .
It 's not a human .
It shows us what we used to be
Professor Tim White
University of California , Berkeley
The most important thing to emerge from that excavation was the partial skeleton of a female creature , which has now been nicknamed " Ardi " .
An international team of scientists unveiled the skeleton in a series of scientific papers published in Science in October .
Their careful examination of its skull , teeth , pelvis , hands and feet revealed that Ardi shared a mixture of " primitive " traits shared with its predecessors , and " derived " features , which it shared with later hominids , or human - like creatures .
It shared some of these derived features with humans .
Professor Tim White from the University of California , Berkeley in the US , was one of the lead scientists working on the project .
" This is not an ordinary fossil .
It 's not a chimp .
It 's not a human .
It shows us what we used to be , " he told Science Magazine at the time the research was published .
One of his team 's key conclusions was that Ardi walked upright .
This was based on the painstaking reassembly of its very badly crushed pelvis , which the scientists said had a shape that would have allowed Ardi to balance on one leg at a time .
Evolution debate Professor
White said that some researchers had been sceptical about these conclusions .
" Some people have looked at the pelvis and said , 'my gosh , that 's fairly squashed .
Are you sure you knew how to put it together correctly ? '
So we 're responding to that , " he told Science magazine .
Ardipithecus was even more primitive than the famous " Lucy " fossil - a 3.2 million year old Australopithecus skeleton that was discovered in 1974 .
Professor Chris Stringer , a palaeontologist from the Natural History Museum in London said that Ardi was likely " a remnant of a more ancient stage of human evolution " than Lucy .
" [ It was ] closer in many ways to the ancestor we shared with our closest living relatives , the chimpanzees , more than six million years ago , " he said .
Nasa 's discovery of water on the Moon was one of the runners up
The editor - in - chief of Science said that the Ardipithecus research represented a " culmination of 15 years of painstaking , highly collaborative research by 47 scientists of diverse expertise from nine nations . "
The nine runners up in Science 's list of this year 's most important breakthroughs were published in a number of scientific journals , including Science , Nature and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
The first runner up was Nasa 's discovery of magnetised , rapidly rotating neutron stars called pulsars .
Others included the discovery that a compound called rapamycin boosted longevity in mice - the first time any drug has stretched a mammal 's life span - and advances in gene therapy that could help treat a fatal brain disease .
The nine runners up were : Pulsar mystery : Nasa 's Fermi gamma- Ray Space Telescope helped identify previously unknown pulsars - highly magnetised and rapidly rotating neutron stars .
Nasa 's Fermi gamma-Ray Space Telescope helped identify previously unknown pulsars - highly magnetised and rapidly rotating neutron stars .
Extending life : Researchers found the compound rapamycin extends the life span of mice .
The discovery was particularly remarkable because the treatment did not start until the mice were middle - aged .
Researchers found the compound rapamycin extends the life span of mice .
The discovery was particularly remarkable because the treatment did not start until the mice were middle - aged .
Supreme conduction : Materials scientists probed the properties of graphene - highly conductive single - layer sheets of carbon atoms - and started fashioning the material into experimental electronic devices .
Materials scientists probed the properties of graphene - highly conductive single - layer sheets of carbon atoms - and started fashioning the material into experimental electronic devices .
Plant survival : Scientists discovered the structure of a critical molecule that helps plants survive during droughts .
This could help in the design of new ways to protect crops against prolonged dry periods .
Scientists discovered the structure of a critical molecule that helps plants survive during droughts .
This could help in the design of new ways to protect crops against prolonged dry periods .
Laser tool :
The SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California unveiled the world 's first X - ray laser , a powerful research tool capable of taking snapshots of chemical reactions as they happen and studying materials in unprecedented detail .
The SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California unveiled the world 's first X - ray laser , a powerful research tool capable of taking snapshots of chemical reactions as they happen and studying materials in unprecedented detail .
Gene Therapy : European and US researchers made progress in treating a fatal brain disease , inherited blindness , and a severe immune disorder by developing new strategies involving gene therapy .
European and US researchers made progress in treating a fatal brain disease , inherited blindness , and a severe immune disorder by developing new strategies involving gene therapy Magnetic monopoly : Physicists working with strange crystalline materials called spin ices created magnetic ripples that behaved like " magnetic monopoles " - fundamental particles with only one magnetic pole .
Physicists working with strange crystalline materials called spin ices created magnetic ripples that behaved like " magnetic monopoles " - fundamental particles with only one magnetic pole Watery Moon : Nasa discovered water vapour in the debris when it deliberately crashed a rocket near the south pole of the Moon .
The experiment was part of the space agency 's Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite ( LCROSS ) mission .
Nasa discovered water vapour in the debris when it deliberately crashed a rocket near the south pole of the Moon .
The experiment was part of the space agency 's Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite ( LCROSS ) mission .
Hubble Repair : A final repair mission by space shuttle astronauts gave the Hubble telescope sharper vision , enabling it to produce some of its most spectacular images yet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Players will help astronomers to find out how galaxies merged Astronomers have devised a game to help uncover the basis of galactic pile - ups .
The game , part of the ongoing web - based project Galaxy Zoo , shows players images of colliding galaxies and asks them to match those to simulations .
By selecting the closest matching simulation , players can help astronomers to work out how the real galaxies actually merged .
The astronomers say that humans are " much better than computers " at spotting the patterns and similarities .
The developers described the game as a " cosmic fruit machine " .
It shows players one real galaxy image and , on command , eight randomly selected simulations pop into the " slots " surrounding that image .
The aim is for players to choose the simulations that look most similar to the real galaxy and take those through to the " next round " to examine them further .
The simulated images show the different aspects of galaxy formation , so as people play , they will generate data that will help astronomers ' understanding of these collisions .
Players compare real galaxies ( centre ) to a selection of simulations
" The strength of the game is that it takes results from many people , " said Dr Chris Lintott from Oxford University , one of the members of the Galaxy Zoo team .
These galactic mergers could be the key to why the Universe contains a mixture of different galaxies - some with trailing spiral arms , others more like compact balls of stars .
Strength in numbers
Dr Lintott explained that , when the original Galaxy Zoo project launched in 2007 , it asked volunteers to identify different types of galaxies within a gallery of cosmic images .
" It was a victim of its own success , " he told BBC News .
" Our volunteers found 3,000 fantastic examples of [ galactic ] mergers - many more than we could simulate on our own , " So the team now hope to enrol the public once again to examine all 3,000 galaxies .
Anthony Holincheck , a graduate student at George Mason University and another member of the team said : " These collisions take millions of years to unfold .
" All we get from the Universe is a single snapshot of each one .
[ With ] simulations , we will be able to watch each cosmic car crash unfold in the computer . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
January 8th will see the 75th anniversary of the birth of Elvis Presley .
Undoubtedly you will see a story or two about that on CNN on that day and you may even be able to watch a few of the movies that Elvis hated making on TCM or AMC .
But you wo n’t hear about the music .
This is perhaps the most ironic statement ever made , but Elvis Presley is both the best known and most under - rated recording artist of all time .
Sad to say , but most people today think of Elvis as an image and the image is wrong .
They think he was a fat , badly dressed , drug addict who made a few decent records in the ’50s and dozens of horrendous films for the rest of his career .
Those who may think of him in a positive light most likely only know him from dance remixes and commercials that Elvis Presley Enterprises ( EPE ) have pimped him out to in recent years .
On the other side of the aisle is the mega fans who cannot admit that Elvis ever made a bad album , bad song , bad movie , or bad decision .
They and EPE want to “ protect ” the world from Elvis the revolutionary and Elvis the man .
He was not “ the All - American boy ” as was often said and he had more than his share of problems both professionally and personally .
So did Jimi Hendrix , Jim Morrison , and Johnny Cash .
While those in charge of Cash ’s estate have undoubtedly made some mistakes ( the remix album ) , for the most part they have done far better in 6 years than EPE have done in 33 .
There have been expanded and re-released versions of Cash ’s iconic concerts at San Quentin and Folsom , the stunning American V album , the equally stunning Personal File , various live DVDs of Cash at the top of his game , and , most significant in terms of pop culture acceptance , an award - winning film which went out of its way to acknowledge his personal shortcomings .
What is most ironic is that Cash , while no saint , was much closer to it than Presley ever was and yet Cash is thought of as the ultimate badass , equally loved by traditional country fans and metalheads , while the EPE version of Elvis is seen as a kid- friendly “ entertainer ” with a personal life that apparently did not exist .
It goes s something like this :
He was born in a two - room shotgun shack in Tupelo , Mississippi .
Family moved to Memphis .
He records for Sun in 1954 and is signed to RCA two years later .
In 1958 , he was drafted into the Army and went AWOL until 1968 when he mysteriously appeared at a Hollywood TV studio .
He then disappeared again in 1973 and has not been heard from since .
In short , they have stripped him of every human quality and for that reason people are unable to take his music seriously .
I am here to tell you it is ok to take him seriously again .
There are 20 items listed below which will help you discover ( or rediscover ) Elvis .
Some of them do not fit into the image created by EPE and some may not even be in print ( one , in particular , has NEVER been in print officially ) .
But if you want to look beyond the official story and go beyond the hits , this list will help you get started .
( Before getting into the main list , I also encourage all of you to read Peter Guralnick ‘s excellent two - volume biography of Presley .
The first volume is Last Train to Memphis and the second is Careless Love .
They are two of the finest books ever written about music .
Anything written about Elvis by Greil Marcus is also worth checking out . )
1. From Elvis in Memphis ( 1969 ) - Contrary to what they may lead you to think , Elvis did not make his best music at Sun Records in 1954 and ’ 55 .
Nor did he make it at RCA in 1956 or even in 1968 .
Just listen to “ Long Black Limousine ” and you will see that this is the absolute best Elvis music .
Get the Legacy version from last year and you will also get the album Back in Memphis and various singles recorded at the same time .
The album begins with the line “ I had to leave town for a little while ” and his voice and the music speaks for itself .
He has returned and he is hungry with the desire to make good music .
Over the course of the sessions , he recorded everything from Hank Snow to Neil Diamond to Glenn Campbell to the Beatles .
From R&B to honky - tonk to high - class gospel ballads .
All with the backing of wonderful musicians and background singers .
His voice is better than ever before and better than it would ever be again .
I consider the ’60s to be the absolute greatest decade for recorded music and if I were to make a list of the best albums of that decade , this would be no lower than number two and would possibly be higher .
2. Elvis at Sun ( 1954 and 1955 )
These were Presley ’s first recordings .
Before this , Sun Records was known ( if at all ) for recording such blues artists as Little Walter and BB King .
Afterward .
Sun become nationally known as the label as Presley , Cash , Carl Perkins , Jerry Lee Lewis , Roy Orbison , Conway Twitty , Charlie Rich , and lesser - known greats such as Warren Smith and Charlie Feathers .
In short , I highly doubt if this website or the music it is based upon would exist without these recordings and I can think of no better recommendation than that .
3. The ’ 68 Comeback Special - Deluxe Edition
This television special brought Elvis back into the spotlight after spending eight years making atrocious films .
All of it is available here , including outtakes , and it is all wonderful stuff : the cool rebelliousness of the opening medley of “ Trouble / Guitar Man ” , the smooth and slick gospel production number , the arena shows with Elvis and an orchestra , the show - closing peace anthem “ If I Can Dream ” .
But all pale in comparison to the two sit - down shows ( a definite forerunner to MTV Unplugged featuring Elvis on electric rhythm guitar , Scotty Moore , Alan Fortas , and Charlie Hodge on acoustic guitar , and D.J. Fontana pounding on a guitar case with drumsticks .
It is as stripped - down as Elvis ever got ( after Sun , at least ) and it is joyful to watch .
The on - stage banter is even better than the music on some occasions .
This , not the EPE - endorsed image is the real Elvis .
4. Elvis Presley ( 1956 )
The first album released on RCA ( and really , his first album since all releases on Sun were singles ) and the one that introduced him to the general public .
This is what people think about when they think about ’50s rock singers : hopped - up R&B with good - time lyrics and ballads that are sincere , yet rough around the edges .
5. Promised Land ( 1975 )
This proves that Elvis did not lose it in the ’70s .
Maybe the most straight - forward country album of his career ( he covers Waylon and the song “ There ’s a Honky Tonk Angel Who ’ll Take Me Back In ” is a hidden classic ) , yet he still manages to put Chuck Berry rockabilly , the southern gospel standard “ Help Me ” , his signature form of ballads , and he even tries his hand at mid-’70s funk on “ If You Talk in Your Sleep ”
6. Elvis is Back ( 1960 )
Presley ’s first post - Army album and it is a masterpiece .
A good mix of smooth uptempo pop ( when pop was still good ) and dirty blues .
“ Like a Baby ” is one of his best blues tracks .
7. How Great Thou Art ( 1967 )
This must be put in the context of its time .
It came out in 1967 , the same year of Sgt. Pepper and the Summer of Love .
And the King of rock and roll was recording a Grammy - winning gospel album .
Some of the most passionate gospel recordings I ’ve heard outside of Rev. Gary Davis , yet the style is very different with a horn section , world - class musicians , and three gospel quartets .
8. Elvis Country ( 1971 )
This album is simply Elvis doing old and new country standards along with a bit of rockabilly .
Yet he does them in a very soulful way and occasionally even turns one into a classic rocker .
The version of “ I Really Do n’t Want to Know ” is maybe the best version of this song I ’ve heard .
This was his way of paying tribute to the music he loved , while continuing to expand as an artist .
9. Jailhouse Rock ( 1957 )
Elvis movies are often lampooned and for good reason .
Yet this is not because of Presley ’s acting which is actually quite good .
With that said , this is the only film that I would consider essential ( although I would definitely recommend the Don Siegel - directed Flaming Star to western fans .
The following dialogue sums up ’ 50s badass much better than anything James Dean or Marlon Brando starred in .
They are sitting at a fancy dinner party and a jazz record is playing .
Elvis , as Vince Everett , seems disconnected from the other guests as they begin to discuss such things as tone and chords and trends in jazz .
An old lady says , “ What does Mr. Everett think of the record .
After all music is his profession . ”
Elvis replies , “ Lady , I do n’t know what the hell you talkin ’ about ” and walks out the door .
10 . From Elvis Presley Boulevard ( 1976 )
Elvis ’s last true studio album was recorded in the Jungle Room at Graceland and it was absolutely heartbreaking .
“ Hurt ” begins the album .
Not the Johnny Cash / Nine Inch Nails song , but one that in Presley ’s hand becomes just as emotional and just as personal as he pours out his heart through near - operatic vocals .
The rest of the album is just as depressing as he covers “ Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain ” , Neil Sedaka ’s “ Solitaire ” , and the English folk song “ The Last Farewell ” .
One of the highlights of the album is when he sings of “ A man so busy going up in the world that he could n’t see love coming down ” and it is quite obvious who he is talking about .
Not an easy listen , but an essential one .
11 . Tomorrow is a Long Time
One of the few things the people in charge of his posthumous catalog have gotten right , this is obviously not a real album , but it should have been .
Instead , these songs were released as “ bonus tracks ” on various Elvis soundtracks between 1965 - 1968 when they were superior to the movie songs in every way .
Bob Dylan called the title track the best cover of one of his songs by anybody and Jerry Reed tags along to provide guitar on Chuck Berry ’s “ Too Much Monkey Business ” and his own compositions “ Guitar Man ” and “ U.S. Male ” .
Other highlights include the blues and R&B trakcs like “ Big Boss Man ” , “ Hi - Heel Sneakers ” and “ Down in the Alley ” , classic country weepers like “ You Do n’t Know Me ” and “ Just Call Me Lonesome ” and pop ballads like “ Love Letters ” and “ I ’ll Remember You ” .
This is the album that should have been released , but if it had been we would have had no Comeback Special or 1969 Memphis sessions .
12 . Elvis ( 1956 )
Be sure to get this one as the creative title was reused on at least two other Presley albums ( one of which includes another good Dylan cover ) .
This was his second album and has much more variety than the first and an increased emphasis on country material and ballads .
13 . In Person ( 1969 )
The first of many live albums , this one was recorded in Las Vegas in 1969 during his return to live performing .
He sounds refreshed to be out of Hollywood and he had not yet gotten bored with Vegas .
He rips through his classics like a freight train and includes a special emphasis on newer material like “ In the Ghetto ” and an 8 - minute version of “ Suspicious Minds ”
14 . The Complete Million Dollar Quartet
Before you run out and buy this , please know that despite the title and the cover , this is only a trio .
Johnny Cash was there , but it was sometime either before or after the tape was rolling .
Still , you ca n’t complain about a free - spirited run-through jam of country and gospel classics by Presley , Carl Perkins , and Jerry Lee Lewis .
15 . Elvis in Concert ( DVD )
This one is not available from EPE .
However , while I am not advocating any illegal activity , I will say that it is available if you really want it .
The unavailability of this proves my point about EPE and their censored version of Elvis ’s life .
This is not the best concert Elvis ever did , but it is essential viewing for anybody who wants to really understand Elvis .
He looks horrible , he runs through “ Hound Dog ” and “ Jailhouse Rock ” gasping for breath , but on other songs he gives the performance of a lifetime , as if he knew it would be his last .
This is the Elvis that the “ fans ” do n’t want to see it either because it makes them uncomfortable and they can tell even through their rose - colored glasses that he was not perfect , that he was not Superman , that he was dying .
He was looking to real fans and real friends but instead the audience at the show was applauding like mad even at the worst moments and his friends continued to give in to his craving for more pills to ease the pain he was clearly in , both physically and emotionally .
Watch the following performance and you will see the most heartfelt , most heartbreaking , and most beautiful performance of his career .
It is just him at a piano on a stage surrounded by musicians .
He knew he was dying and that by this time there was nothing that could be done about it , so instead he sings his heart out for the TV cameras for the last time :
THAT is the Elvis they do not want you to see , but that is the Elvis that MUST be seen in order to be respected by music fans who know nothing of Elvis except the official image .
It was World AIDS Day last week and UNAIDS published the latest estimates on the number of people around the world who are living with HIV .
Xaquin G.V. provides four cartograms ( i.e. value - aread maps ) to show the numbers .
In the final result ( above ) each square represents 10,000 people with HIV , and regions are color - coded by percentage of people with the virus .
There should n’t be any surprises , really .
Africa is in bad shape ( although a lot of progress has been made in recent years ) ; North America , Asia , and Europe are below the average average ; and the rest are at the world average .
Here are the other cartograms that led to the final .
Same data , but different types .
There are apparently names for each type .
The Dorling cartogram …
The Demers cartogram …
The rectangular cartogram …
It ’s always fun to see the process of making a graphic .
People always think that ’s just plug in data and go , but it ’s more than that – for the customized good stuff at least .
Find the full versions here .
This graph shows top 10 most pirated movies of 2009 .
The data for this list is collected by TorrentFreak from several sources , including reports from all the large BitTorrent trackers .
All release formats , including cammed versions are counted .
Afterward , the data is carefully checked and possible inaccuracies are systematically corrected .
As semiconductor manufacturers continue to push down the size of their products ' wiring , a number of research labs have started looking into whether they can simply take the process to its logical conclusion : a transistor made from a single molecule .
A number of these items have been demonstrated , and they do manage to control the current flow through the molecular transistor , but they do so through a variety of tricks that have nothing in common with the methods used for the semiconductors in our electronics .
In today 's issue of Nature , an international team reports producing the first voltage - gated molecular transistors .
The basic principle behind a transistor is simple .
All it needs is two electrodes , a source and a sink , and a gate that controls the flow of current between them .
In semiconductor transistors , the gate contains a semiconductor and another electrode : raising or lowering the voltage in this electrode controls whether current can flow across the semiconductor between the source and sink .
For molecular transistors , the semiconductor is replaced by a single molecule .
Electrons can flow through a variety of molecules , but controlling that process is not the easiest thing .
A few of the past efforts have switched currents on and off by changing the charge on the molecule or playing with the spin of the electrons that pass through it , but these are difficult challenges in their own right , and far more complex than simply applying a voltage to the gate .
The new work involved creating a nanoscale gap in a gold wire that was placed directly above an aluminum oxide electrode that controls the gate .
The gold had been covered with one of two types of molecules in advance and , once the gap was created , there was a chance that one of those molecules dropped into the newly vacated space , bridging the gap and enabling the molecule to conduct currents between the two gold electrodes .
By demonstrating they could detect the actual molecule in question responding to the gate voltage , the new results leave little room for doubt .
The authors used two different types of molecules .
One was 1,8 - octanedithiol , which is essentially a pair of sulfur atoms separated by a linear chain of eight carbons .
The carbon chain allows electrons to transit , and the efficiency of the process was influenced by the voltage in the gate : applying a negative voltage brought the energy of the carbons ' orbitals closer to the tunneling energy of the gold electrodes , and increased the current travelling across the molecule .
The team was able to get a larger effect by replacing the linear chains of carbons with 1,4 - benzenedithiol , in which the sulfurs are separated by a benzene ring ( shown above ) .
Those of you who remained awake through high school chemistry may remember that the benzene molecule 's mix of single and double bonds creates a single , diffuse electron orbital that extends around the ring .
The energy of that orbital , as it turns out , is much easier to influence with an applied voltage , creating a more effective transistor .
The tour de force in the work , however , was the fact that the authors imaged the molecule sitting within the gate , and tracked the effect of the changes in gate voltage .
A technique called inelastic electron tunneling can detect the vibrational modes available to the atoms in the molecule ; the researchers used it to demonstrate that applying a voltage to the gate changes the energy of the orbitals , with a corresponding impact on the vibrational energy .
As an accompanying perspective points out , this is far from a trivial confirmation of the expected .
Because of the size of the objects involved in producing molecular - scale gates and the high failure rate of their production , there 's a very real risk of researchers being led astray by a contaminant or malformed structure of some sort that ends up acting like a gate .
By demonstrating they could detect the actual molecule in question responding to the gate voltage , the new results leave little room for doubt .
Where this new research does n't differ from past work is that high failure rate during production .
Out of 418 devices they produced , only 35 behaved as if a molecule had fallen into place in the gate once the gap between its electrodes was created .
Clearly , a success rate of less than 10 percent is n't anywhere close to being ready for manufacturing .
It 's also worth pointing out that the wiring on either side of the gate would still be subjected to the same issues that Intel faces in terms of feature shrinks ; the gate may be smaller , but that 's only one part of a chip 's wiring .
Still , the basic physics of the new gate are well understood and easy to control , which may make these devices easier to integrate into some sort of future circuitry .
The results mean that the researchers can now shift their focus to application issues , like finding a long - lived molecular gate that attaches to the supporting wiring with high efficiency .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08639
By now everyone is well aware of the “ ClimateGate ” issue that has spread like wildfire though the increasingly dry and over - warmed looking underbrush around the Copenhagen Conference .
Just as a refresher , the volatile allegations behind this story first surfaced on November 19 at an inauspiciously excellent little WordPress Blog called The Air Vent .
Although it ’s administrating Editor / Writer was impeccably self - measured , and even - handed his own dispensation of the files that were offered exclusively to him – the results have since set off a maelstrom of reactions among Climate Skeptics , and the Climate Change Deniers out there .
As expected , these Contrarians are claiming the “ leaked ” files from the University of East Anglia ’s Hadley Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) represent “ evidence ” that is being touted as proof positive that Anthropogenic Global Warming ( AGW ) , or Man-Made Climate Change , is indeed at least subject to fabrication , motivating a monumental hoax that ’s being pulled off by the profiteers who ’ve already invested heavily in the interests that seek to remediate this supposedly trumped up global issue .
This represents an enormous event that can sway the many fence - sitters out there , and many other “ tippy ” factors as well !
Whether the files were illegally “ hacked ” , as was initially reported in the Press , or “ leaked ” as the early sources have claimed , ( Vote your opinion below ) this issue is only now just beginning to truly resonate with it ’s aftershocks , as the implications start to become more widely apparent and reported .
The long - simmering underlying issue here has been the actual sources of the Anthropogenic Global Warming ( AGW ) theory .
This point of contention has been fueled by ongoing and largely suppressed complaints about the supposedly deficient peer - review process behind AGW , and also stirred up by speculations about the allegedly biased nature of the very well - funded research bodies and fractured scientific communities that have supposedly been coerced ( financially or politically ) into creating and maintaining a one - sided view of the AGW theory .
So much so , that according to Skeptics , this scientific cabala of sorts has systematically shunned or ostracized all those who ’ve called for a more pluralistic scrutiny , or wider debate and peer - review process of the central issues , and supporting sciences behind AGW .
These allegations point to a version of Science that now seems corruptible , and that can not only be bought at a commercial level ( of course ) , but also influenced at the Public level though the grants , disbursements , and any other political mechanisms that can exert influence upon university - based research ( ers ) as well .
On the other side of this equation we have a Scientific Community and attendant Press Corps that supports AGW with an almost religious devotion , that relies heavily on dogma and ridicule in order to maintain its unquestionable positions .
As such , this disastrously well - timed leak / hack ( whichever you prefer ) has clearly shaken those of us who wanted to believe that all Scientists were automatically held to the high standards dictated by their profession , and were infallible in their altruistic search for unbiased fact and clear understanding of the world around us .
At the least , this event could just simply demonstrate just how polarized we ’ve all become on the issues behind Climate Change , that we now ca n’t see shades of grey because of all the black / white rhetoric that we must buy into , and uphold at all costs .
Lest we be labeled accordingly as pariahs !
Although playing the Devil ’s Advocate might entertain us while we watch things play out in the short - term , Environauts are in fact much more concerned about the effectors and events of Causality that exist behind such issues , and how they can sum to larger , longer term impacts upon the future of our environment .
This one event that has shaken not only the entire Scientific Community by it ’s roots , but also upset all the Industrial and Political dependencies that underpinned the AGW movement , and most certainly qualifies this as a very “ tippy ” event , and that will undoubtedly trigger many more and varied Future impacts as it moves down the timeline .
To consider the possibilities of both the positive and negative repercussions , you can quickly review our Future Impact Report HERE
Or delve further into the circumstances of this event , starting with a quick opinion survey by clicking for MORE below …
As Environauts , we ’re compelled to discover and defend against as many of the Future risks that can be set off by such a precariously balanced or “ tippy ” event , while also discovering and proliferating any of the constructive options and positive attributes that can be derived out of such an event as well .
As such , let ’s try to carve away at the chaos that surrounds this event by slicing away some of the Media rhetoric ,
Of course , the Mainstream Media is a huge factor in how we gauge the Future here at Environauts .
In this case the Media are either letting this one blow by as fluff , or taking a long and hard look at their own position on AGW , and perhaps even updating their editorial slant on the subject .
The story has now spread through some very reputable major dailies such as The Guardian , The Wall Street Journal , and other mainstream news sources .
For example CNN offers us this video that clearly points to the opposite positions that both sides will likely continue to take on this subject , as it plays out in the mainstream .
Unlike the fickle , fast moving , and rather staid nature of daily Mainstream News , the extremely varied forms of Pop Culture Media exist in an arena where Cultural Memes can be borne and survive their initial splash , and actually have a more lasting effect as they morph , spread , and adapt into Viral Memes if the underlying idea that spawned them is big enough .
In this case , the Viral Meme that could evolve from this event might convey the destructive idea that Pure Science is quite susceptible to political influence , and is in fact quite corruptible under the right conditions .
On his Daily Show , Jon Stewart seemed more visibly distraut than normal at the prospect that an issue so near and dear to his heart , and as critical to all of us as Climate Change could now be effectively hammered at by the Right Wing Zealots , using a destructive tool that was provided by the apparent ineptitude of a handful of self - assured Scientists .
The faith shattering message we got from Stewart was that as a result of this debacle , both the supposed scientific methods and peer - review processes of Modern Science can now been called into question ( if not outright disrepute ) by armchair pundits and skeptics everywhere , and certainly as far as the general public may now be concerned .
As we watch Jon Stewart tilting on his axis , we can palpably sense his dawning decision that Al Gore was indeed just looking out for his own best personal interests all along .
The long term future effects of such a pivotal tilt on Humanitarian motivations by this very popular and trusted Media figure are inestimably huge .
Hopefully Jon can bounce back from this blow …
As we hope he should .
This stolen / leaked information will surely be simultaneously discredited , and also held up as tangible evidence , depending on what side of the question you happen to be sitting on .
What is certain however , is now that the mainstream media has had a taste of an alternate and opposing view on the Climate Change story , and it will certainly be more willing to pump up any controversial aspects ( at least in the short term ) in order to drive ratings .
One of the sad results is that some very large and influential segments of the world ’s population will now have an ear open to the Skeptics and Contrarians among us , in order to see what else could come of this development .
Down the timeline , this event may have triggered other events that could result in turning the man -made global warming into enough of a fabricated hoax ( which may be a fabrication in itself , of course ) , that by the time clearer heads ( and better data ) prevail , we may lose critical reaction time now , before their future options become eliminated .
Hopefully we wo n’t look back at this someday , and realize that this may have been the point in time where the entire concept of AGW became so critically damaged in the Public Eye , that it changed the repairative course of all its dependents in such a radical new direction , that Future options were never the same again .
The idea that AGW is a financially motivated stunt that also calls political motivations in as favours , is far too destructive of a Social Meme to be allowed to proceed without more rationale and corrective discourse around the question .
Please contribute to the Future of this event in any way you can , by taking an open and honest approach , that places the issue above the suspicion that now grows like a cancer upon the Future .
Remember : Someday it might turn out that Carbon - Dioxide may not have been the biggest bogeyman that the AGW Scientists and Profiteers all wished us to believe it was , but the daunting process of reigning in over - consumption and ALL dangerous emissions is the underlying , and actual objective of meeting the greatest challenge Humanity has ever faced .
This objective retains a far greater future impact than any the passing political issues , scientific squabbles , and media controversies of today could ever represent in the Present .
– Where do you stand in the Future ? –
Be sure to “ SHARE ” any ideas you have by searching for your favorite Social App , or by Re-Tweeting below :
SOURCE and SUPPORT FILES
The FILE :
This infamous zip file was first posted on a Russian server at http://ftp.tomcity.ru/incoming/free/FOI2009.zip and linked to from The Air Vent , and has now become more widely available .
If you ’d like to sift it ’s suspicious contents , you and can do so at your own risk by obtaining it HERE as well .
The original Blog post that broke this story on November 19 , 2009 :
http://noconsensus.wordpress.com/2009/11/19/leaked-foia-files-62-mb-of-gold/
Examples of mainstream coverage in the U.K. :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/nov/20/climate-sceptics-hackers-leaked-emails
http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2009/dec/03/climate-sceptics-hackers-leaked-emails
Examples of mainstream coverage in the U.S. :
Print
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704107104574568834054939774.html#articleTabs%3Dcomments
Video : CNN
http://www.cnn.com/video/?JSONLINK=/video/politics/2009/12/02/snow.climate.emails.cnn
Video : Jon Stewart ’s Daily Show
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgPUpIBWGp8&feature=player_embedded
IPCC : The U.N. ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
The father of a young Australian found guilty of first degree murder in Bulgaria says he is gearing up for an appeal .
" I obviously need to digest it a bit more to think a bit more it , " said Dr Simon Palfreeman from his hotel in Sofia .
Overnight 23 years old Jock Palfreeman was found guilty of the murder of 20 - year - old Andrei Monov and the attempted murder of Anton Zahariev on December 27 , 2007 .
He has been sentenced to 20 years ' imprisonment and ordered to pay approximately $ 400 , 000 in damages to both families as well as court costs .
The prosecution claimed Palfreeman acted with hooligan intent and called for life imprisonment without parole .
In her original indictment , prosecutor Parvoleta Nicova wrote that Jock Palfreeman ' premeditatively ' killed Monov and ' attempted to premeditatively ' kill Zahariev .
The judge found the murder was wilful and represented hooliganism .
The defence claimed that Jock Palfreeman acted in self defence after a large group of soccer fans attacked him in a large , open square in downtown Sofia in the middle of the night when he went to defend a gypsy who was being beaten .
" At this stage I found the judgement totally outrageous , " said Dr Palfreeman , a pathologist who has been acting as his son's legal representative along with a noted Bulgarian human rights lawyer .
" I did not think the judgement related in any way to the degree of detailed evidence that was presented by defence team .
But unfortunately it 's really difficult to comment further until we get the judges ' reasonings and then we will have a better idea of exactly how the court came to this decision . "
Dr Palfreeman said he did not expect to see the judges ' reasons for another month .
" On face value I am extremely concerned about how the judge came to this decision because it does n't seem to bear any resemblance to the amount of evidence presented to the court over the last 18 months .
And I personally can see no justification to come out with such a harsh sentence .
But unfortunately he is not obliged to give any reason and so we will have to wait for those written reasons . "
It is a case that has generated heated debate in the Bulgarian media .
The dead man is the son of a high - ranking and prominent psychologist in the Bulgarian government .
Dr Palfreeman described the unfolding of events in last over night as bizarre .
" I was extremely surprised when the prosecution summary , which included the prosecution , three lawyers and Mr and Mrs Monov , was all over in 30 minutes , and that despite quite detailed analysis of the evidence by Mr Kanchev ( Palfreeman 's Bulgarian lawyer ) , myself and Jock , none of that was rebutted by the prosecution .
We went to recess and at that stage we thought since they 've made no effort to contradict any of our evidence , I thought our evidence was quite powerful , it was an absolute surprise to me when the judge came back and pretty much said he agreed with the prosecution . "
The Bulgarian justice system has come under recent attack from the Commision of European Communities and the Global Corruption Barometer of Transparency International .
Bulgaria uses a version of the continental justice system where the judge 's role is more inquisitorial than in the common law system used in Australia .
There is no jury but there is a panel of two legally trained judges and three non-legally trained judges who have equal standing .
The family of the dead man and the injured man are running a civil claim for damages during the criminal proceedings .
Andrei Monov 's parents were the first witnesses called .
The victims ' role extends to the very evidence able to be admitted .
They have been able to block the admission of the original witness statements , many of which support Palfreeman 's version of events , using a law drawn up to assist defendants claiming police ' verballed ' them .
Until recently so too could the prosecutor .
The defence has been prohibited from referring to discrepancies between what was said soon after the event and what was given as evidence in court .
It also has been prohibited from cross examining witnesses about discrepancies .
The trial has taken 18 months amidst delays that included one of the judges failing to turn up twice .
Experts believe the animal 's head had been sawn off A dog walker has described his shock at finding the severed head of an alligator on scrubland in Huddersfield .
Peter Lumb , 59 , found the skull and a section of the reptile 's jaw while he was walking his two border collies on a hillside in the Crosland Moor area .
The bones were checked out by experts at Manchester Museum and found to be that of an American alligator .
Mr Lumb said : " I was a bit shocked to find them ...
I was thinking ' what the hell are they doing there ' .
" According to experts , marks at the back of the skull suggest the animal 's head had been sawn off the rest of the body , probably after it died .
Fragments of skin found with the bones indicated they had not been there long before the discovery .
It looks like it 's been butchered really
Rebecca Machin , Manchester Museum Mr Lumb , who made the discovery on 3 November , said he took the jawbone home for his wife Linda to have a look at and later went back to retrieve the skull .
They then passed on the remains to Manchester Museum , where the couple 's daughter works .
Experts confirmed the remains belonged to an alligator , which is usually found in the south - eastern United States , and could have been 6ft long without its tail .
Rebecca Machin , curatorial assistant of natural environment at Manchester Museum , who examined the bones , said : " What 's odd about it is the back of the head is sawn off , and it looks like someone sawed it off after it died .
" It looks like it 's been butchered really . "
She said that without forensic tests she could not know how the animal had died .
" I imagine it was kept by someone rather than living in the wild .
" Someone must know something about it .
I can't imagine anyone has stumbled across an alligator before . "
A Kirklees Council spokesman said : " Kirklees currently has no dangerous animals registered and we can only assume that somebody has been keeping the alligator which grew too big to be looked after safely . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Though not very practical , this rocket pod-equipped motorcycle is sure to get you attention , and most certainly in trouble with the law if fired on public roads .
Continue reading to see what happened when the scenario plays out .
In the hierarchy of bad ideas , mounting a rocket launcher to a motorcycle then firing it on public roads definitely falls under the “ genius ” category .
A former high - ranking California State University official collected more than $ 150,000 in improper expense reimbursements , including claims for unnecessary trips to Amsterdam and Shanghai , meals that exceeded allowable amounts and travel between his Northern California home and the university ’s Long Beach headquarters , a state audit has found .
The audit , released Thursday , scolds the university for a lack of oversight in approving the expenses , saying they were “ unnecessary and not in the best interest of the university or the state . ”
The report , by the state auditor ’s office , comes at a troublesome time for the university system , which has recently taken a series of controversial actions such as steep student fee hikes , enrollment reductions and drastic cost - cutting measures across its 23 campuses to help close a half - billion - dollar budget gap .
Cal State officials said the subject of the audit was its former chief of information technology services , David J. Ernst .
Ernst left the university in July 2008 for reasons not related to the audit , the officials said ; he is now associate vice president for information resources and communications at the University of California .
Advertisement
In an e-mail to The Times , Ernst said travel that the audit deemed unnecessary had significantly benefited CSU ’s reputation and effectiveness .
He added that although travel expenses were covered by the sponsoring organization in some cases , state conflict - of - interest rules prohibited Cal State from receiving the funds .
“ As with many such reports , the issues in this audit are much more complex than they may appear on first reading , ” he said .
Peter H. King , director of media relations at UC , said a preliminary review of the audit indicates that the travel expenses as described would not be permitted there .
“ In his time at the UC , Mr. Ernst has proven to be a valued employee who has made important improvements to our technological capabilities ” he added .
In reviewing expense reports from July 2005 through July 2008 , auditors found that improper reimbursements to Ernst totaled $ 152,441 , including $ 39,135 for travel expenses , $ 26,455 for business meals that exceeded allowances , $ 43,288 in prohibited commuting expenses , $ 24,676 in monthly living allowances and $ 17,053 for personal expenses such as home telephone and Internet service , computer supplies and annual membership in an airline executive club .
Auditors also found $ 1,834 in reimbursements that resulted from duplicate payments and overpayments .
Advertisement
The report said Ernst was reimbursed $ 4,660 for attending a six - day non-university event in Shanghai with hotel costs of $ 475 a day and $ 2,136 for transportation , and $ 3,131 for a five - day trip to Amsterdam .
CSU officials said both trips were to attend meetings sponsored by a private vendor .
“ When interviewed , the official and other university officials stated that it was necessary to attend such meetings in order to maintain relationships and foster an open dialogue with the private company and other attendees , ” the report said .
“ However , we found no evidence indicating that the official ’s attendance at these events provided a significant business advantage or strategic value for the university . ”
The report recommended that Cal State recover the $ 1,834 in duplicate payments and overpayments , require staff to provide more detailed documentation supporting expense claims and tighten other expense reporting policies .
Auditors began the probe after a tip from a whistle - blower .
Ernst said the duplicate payments and overpayments resulted from a clerical error and that he has sent a check for the full amount to the chancellor ’s office .
Advertisement
Cal State has since enacted more stringent controls , spokeswoman Claudia Keith said .
“ It is clear that some of the amounts claimed were excessive and unacceptable and would not be approved under policies now in place , ” she said .
But Keith also said that Ernst sat on important advisory panels and that some of his travels involved protecting the university ’s investment in a costly software system .
“ It does n’t mean to say this was acceptable , but in the context of this person ’s job , his portfolio was pretty broad . ”
Lillian Taiz , president of the California Faculty Assn. , said the report ’s findings were the latest by university officials and managers “ that betray the public confidence . ”
She added : “ It ’s an embarrassment to the entire system .
It ’s just flat out irresponsible in this kind of economic environment not to be on top of things and ensuring that every nickel gets spent appropriately . ”
carla.rivera@latimes.com
VARBERG , Sweden , Dec. 17 ( UPI ) -- A Swedish pastor charged with sexually abusing two children during a trip with confirmation candidates was still in his post Thursday , officials said .
But the unnamed 60 - year - old cleric in Sweden 's western Halland province was removed from all assignments involving children , said Lasse Bengtsson , a spokesman for the Church of Sweden 's Diocese of Gothenburg .
Advertisement
The pastor -- charged with one count of child rape and two of child sexual abuse -- allegedly committed the crimes during the confirmation group 's trip to a major European city in October , Swedish news agency Tidningarnas Telegrambyra reported .
He was to appear at a Varberg District Court hearing Friday to determine if the prosecutor 's case against him was sufficiently strong to warrant taking him into custody .
Prosecutor Klas Lundgren told the news agency the clergyman was likely to offend again if the court chose to release him .
He said he also wanted the pastor held in custody to prevent him from hindering the investigation or destroying evidence .
The Church of Sweden professes the Lutheran branch of Christianity and is a member of Europe 's Porvoo Communion .
Is this a new ' Montauk Monster ' ?
Terrified teens claim they beat mysterious beast to death in Panama
A mysterious photograph has become the subject of wild internet speculation after a group of teenagers claimed it was a terrifying creature that they beat to death while playing near a cave in Panama .
The rubbery beast was said to have been spotted by a group of teenagers crawling out of a cave as they played in the town of Cerro Azul north of Panama City on Saturday .
To their horror , they claimed it came towards them .
Fearing for their safety , they beat it to death with sticks , throwing its body in a pool of water , they told Panama 's Telemetro television station .
Monster :
The body of a mysterious creature apparently beaten to death by terrified teenagers in Panama lies on the rocks where they claim they threw it
Another view of the bizarre , rubbery creature
Later they apparently worked up the courage to return and take photographs of the bizarre creature .
The images were posted on the web - and instantly drew comparisons with the ' Montauk Monster ' , a still - unidentified creature that washed up on a Long Island , New York , beach last year .
The creature had a strange hairless , leathery body with sharp teeth .
Appearing on U.S gossip website Gawker under the headline ' Dead Monster Washes Ashore in Montauk ' , the story was picked up by media networks across the world .
Commentators identified it variously as a dead dog , an abandoned film prop , and some kind of bizarre marketing stunt - but its remains have never been found .
Internet users are already speculating on what the creature found in Panama may be .
The presence of a hooked claw has led some to suggest it may be a sloth that somehow lost its hair .
12 Reasons You Were Never Meant to Dunk
1 . You can dunk the ball . . . but you ’re considered clinically obese :
2 . You have absolutely ZERO depth perception :
3 . You think the trampoline is a great place to dunk from :
4 . You had to enlist in the military instead of the NBA . . . and still ca n’t dunk :
5 . If you think Sir Isaac Newton ’s laws do not apply to chairs and dunking off of them :
6 . The high school asked you to be the mascot instead of the center :
7 . They ask you to put on a Scream mask before attempting a dunk :
8 . You ’re fat , dunking depends on your life , and there ’s only a bucket :
9 . See ( 5 ) and apply to shopping carts :
10 .
You ’re a nerd and you have a dunk called “ the Spidey ” involving wall climbing :
11 . If your friends convince you to jump off their backs . . . from 10 ft out :
12 . You do n’t believe in the slippery powers of freaking ICE :
Physicists at Harvard University have created a quantum gas microscope that can be used to observe single atoms at temperatures so low the particles follow the rules of quantum mechanics , behaving in bizarre ways .
The work , published November 5 in the journal Nature , represents the first time scientists have detected single atoms in a crystalline structure made solely of light , called a Bose Hubbard optical lattice .
It 's part of scientists ' efforts to use ultracold quantum gases to understand and develop novel quantum materials .
" Ultracold atoms in optical lattices can be used as a model to help understand the physics behind superconductivity or quantum magnetism , for example , " says senior author Markus Greiner , an assistant professor of physics at Harvard and an affiliate of the Harvard - MIT Center for Ultracold Atoms .
" We expect that our technique , which bridges the gap between earlier microscopic and macroscopic approaches to the study of quantum systems , will help in quantum simulations of condensed matter systems , and also find applications in quantum information processing . "
The quantum gas microscope developed by Greiner and his colleagues is a high - resolution device capable of viewing single atoms -- in this case , atoms of rubidium -- occupying individual , closely spaced lattice sites .
The rubidium atoms are cooled to just 5 billionths of a degree above absolute zero ( - 273 degrees Celsius ) .
" At such low temperatures , atoms follow the rules of quantum mechanics , causing them to behave in very unexpected ways , " explains first author Waseem S. Bakr , a graduate student in Harvard 's Department of Physics .
" Quantum mechanics allows atoms to quickly tunnel around within the lattice , move around with no resistance , and even be ' delocalized ' over the entire lattice .
With our microscope we can individually observe tens of thousands of atoms working together to perform these amazing feats . "
In their paper , Bakr , Greiner , and colleagues present images of single rubidium atoms confined to an optical lattice created through projections of a laser - generated holographic pattern .
The neighboring rubidium atoms are just 640 nanometers apart , allowing them to quickly tunnel their way through the lattice .
Confining a quantum gas -- such as a Bose - Einstein condensate -- in such an optically generated lattice creates a system that can be used to model complex phenomena in condensed - matter physics , such as superfluidity .
Until now , only the bulk properties of such systems could be studied , but the new microscope 's ability to detect arrays of thousands of single atoms gives scientists what amounts to a new workshop for tinkering with the fundamental properties of matter , making it possible to study these simulated systems in much more detail , and possibly also forming the basis of a single - site readout system for quantum computation .
" There are many unsolved questions regarding quantum materials , such as high - temperature superconductors that lose all electrical resistance if they are cooled to moderate temperatures , " Greiner says .
" We hope this ultracold atom model system can provide answers to some of these important questions , paving the way for creating novel quantum materials with as - yet unknown properties . "
Greiner 's co-authors on the Nature paper are Waseem S. Bakr , Jonathon I. Gillen , Amy Peng , and Simon Foelling , all of Harvard 's Department of Physics and the Harvard - MIT Center for Ultracold Atoms .
Their work was supported by the National Science Foundation , the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , the Army Research Office , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation .
The government identified 10 suitable sites for the next generation of nuclear power plants yesterday , including two new locations , as part of a plan to overhaul Britain 's ageing energy infrastructure .
The energy and climate secretary , Ed Miliband , said nuclear power was essential to combat climate change and to ensure energy security for Britain in the decades ahead , describing it as a " proven , reliable source of low carbon energy " .
But he drew immediate criticism from environmentalists who warned of the " deadly legacy " of radioactive waste and argued that investment should be focused on renewables instead .
The 10 sites had been nominated by energy firms hoping to build reactors .
Most are on or adjacent to existing plants , but two identified as suitable are on new sites , Braystones and Kirksanton , both in Cumbria and on the " nuclear coast " .
One of the oldest and most efficient windfarms in Britain will be dismantled at Kirksanton to make way for the nuclear plant , to the dismay of some locals .
Miliband said the first new plants could be up and running by 2018 .
The names of the sites were contained in one of six draft national policy statements designed to fasttrack the planning process for strategically important infrastructure projects .
The statements cover nuclear energy , renewables , fossil fuels , oil and gas pipelines and storage and the electricity grid , as well as an overarching statement on infrastructure .
Further statements are to follow on areas including airports .
The statements will establish national policy and act as guidelines for the recently established Infrastructure Planning Commission ( IPC ) , a central planning authority , to be run at arm 's length from the government , which aims to give developers decisions on schemes within a year of submission .
The policy statements , which will go out to consultation until February , also underlined the government 's commitment to " clean coal " technology .
It is pressing ahead with four trials of carbon capture and storage technology , which aims to bury emissions underground , and reiterated that no coal plants would be built without it .
The government also reaffirmed its target of 30 % of electricity generation from renewables by 2020 .
" We think renewables , nuclear and clean fossil fuels are the trinity of low carbon fuels of the future , all of them have their role to play , " Miliband said .
" We need all of them because the challenge of the low - carbon future is so significant . "
Any projects with proposed capacity of more than 50MW will be decided by the IPC .
Miliband said the streamlined planning authority would avoid tortuous decisions .
The current system , he said , was characterised by " duplication and delay " .
But critics raised fears that local concerns would be brushed aside by the IPC .
Miliband argued there would still be opportunities to object to new developments .
" But while , of course , we need a process that can turn down specific applications , saying ' no ' everywhere would not be in the national interest , " he said .
The other sites identified as suitable for new reactors are Bradwell , Hartlepool , Heysham , Hinkley Point , Oldbury , Sellafield , Sizewell and Wylfa .
The only site rejected in the draft document was Dungeness , chiefly because of its " unique ecosystem " .
EDF
Energy , which plans to build four plants , described yesterday 's statement as a " defining moment " .
A further three sites were examined , at Druridge Bay in Northumberland , Kingsnorth in Kent and Owston Ferry in South Yorkshire , and although " worthy of consideration " , have been rejected for now .
Scottish National Party has refused to join the rush for new nuclear power plants , and plans to replace Hunterston and Torness with coal - fired stations .
Ben Aycliffe at Greenpeace said : " You can't justify building more nuclear power stations when there is no solution to radioactive waste and when international regulators are saying there are huge uncertainties surrounding the safety of designs . "
The shadow energy secretary , Greg Clark , acknowledged the need for urgent action , but said the government was riding roughshod over the democratic process .
" It is a national emergency and it's been left far too late , " he told Radio 4 .
The targets
Overarching energy policy
Sets out core objectives - reduced emissions , security of supply , expanding grid capacity , keeping costs down and sustainable development .
To meet demand in 2025 , a third of the enlarged energy generating capacity needs to be built in the next 15 years .
Fossil fuels Reaffirms commitment to ' clean coal ' and trials of carbon capture and storage technology , without which there will be no new coal - fired plants .
Nuclear power
Of 10 sites identified to build plants , only one , at Dungeness , considered unsuitable .
Up to 40 % of new energy provision could come from nuclear by 2025 .
Planning commission will focus on location only .
Renewable energy Reaffirmed 30 % of electricity to come from renewable sources by 2020 , chiefly from wind with smaller amounts of ' bioenergy ' .
Gas supply and storage Imported gas will become increasingly important as production in the North Sea declines .
Electricity transmission and grid Sets out need for a ' smarter ' electricity grid to support a more complex system .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 23
December Sunrise , Cape Sounion
Credit & Copyright : Anthony Ayiomamitis ( TWAN )
Explanation : The Sun is a moving target .
Its annual motion through planet Earth 's sky tracks north and south , from solstice to solstice , as the seasons change .
On December 21st , the solstice marking the first day of winter in the northern hemisphere and summer in the south , the Sun rose at its southernmost point along the eastern horizon .
Earlier this month , looking toward the Aegean Sea from a well - chosen vantage point at Cape Sounion , Greece , it also rose in this dramatic scene .
In the foreground lies the twenty - four hundred year old Temple of Poseidon .
Figure 1 : Observed and simulated images of the young binary star SR24 ( distance : 520 light years ) .
A. Infrared image of SR24 and associated disks .
The regions gravitationally bound to each star ( Roche Lobes ) are indicated by dotted lines ( for the inner regions ) and dashed lines ( for the outer regions ) .
( ©The graduate University for Advanced Studies & the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan ) B. Snapshot of the buildup of materials onto the binary system SR24 based on two - dimensional numerical simulations .
The colors designate the distribution of surface densities and the arrows , the distribution of velocity .
( © Chiba University )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A team of astronomers from The Graduate University for Advanced Studies , the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan , and other universities have captured the first direct image of a young binary star system .
Using the Coronagraphic Imager with Adaptive Optics ( CIAO ) mounted on the Subaru Telescope , the team observed the young binary star SR24 , which is located in the constellation Ophiuchus , 520 light years away .
Our understanding of the creation and development of stars and planets has advanced substantially in the past two decades .
Research has confirmed that new stars are often surrounded by disks of dense gas ( “ protoplanetary disks ” ) from which planets are believed to form ; the radii of these disks can extend distances up to several hundreds times farther than the distance between the Sun and the Earth .
Scientists have intensively studied the structure of protoplanetary disks at various electromagnetic wavelengths , and our knowledge of the mechanisms of single star formation has increased considerably .
Nevertheless , most stars form in binary or multiple ( more than two stars ) systems , and many unanswered questions remain about how they are born and develop ( see Figure 2 for a numerical simulation of binary formation and Figure 3 and the movie for the birth of a binary system ) .
Consequently , studies of protoplanetary disks in binary and multiple systems are essential for making generalizations about the processes of star and planet formation .
Three - dimensional numerical simulation image of young binary star system .
( © Hosei University )
In a binary system , two stars orbit around a common center of mass .
The brighter or more massive star is referred to as the primary star and the fainter or less massive one is called the secondary star .
A disk of gas and dust surrounds the primary star ( “ circumprimary disk ” ) ; another disk encircles the secondary star ( circumsecondary disk ) .
A third disk ( “ circumbinary disk ” ) may ring the primary and secondary stars and supply mass to the stars ’ disks through a stream of gas .
Spiral arms of gas and dust may extend from the stars ’ disks to feed them with material from the circumbinary disk , thus contributing to the development of their circumstellar disks .
However , such disks and spiral arms in binary or multiple systems have rarely been directly imaged or resolved — until now .
The July 2006 observations of the young binary star SR24 by astronomers Dr. Satoshi Mayama ( The Graduate University for Advanced Studies or SOKENDAI ) , Dr. Motohide Tamura ( National Astronomical Observatory of Japan or NAOJ and SOKENDAI ) , Dr. Masahiko Hayashi ( NAOJ and SOKENDAI ) and colleagues have corrected this deficit and provided data that can be used to test theories about binary system formation .
The team captured a high - resolution , near - infrared image of the circumprimary and circumsecondary disks of SR24 , the first such image of twin protoplanetary disks around a young stellar object ( Figure 1A , Figure 4 ) .
They also discovered a long spiral arm extending out from the circumprimary disk , another first in observations of young stars .
The image shows a bridge of gas connecting the two disks .
The observations provide the first data that can be used to test theoretical models of mass accretion in binary systems .
Diagram of the birth of a binary ( © Hosei University )
The team observed the young binary SR24 in its formative stage and detected three disks for the first time .
These are portrayed in the figure .
Arrows denote the velocity distribution of materials in this figure .
In a binary system , the brighter star is called the primary star and the fainter star , the secondary star .
While a single star has only one circumstellar disk , a binary has three types of disks .
In a binary system , both the primary and secondary stars orbit each other and have circumprimary and cirumsecondary disks respectively .
The entire system can be surrounded by a circumbinary disk .
Numerical simulation leads to the assumption that there is a stage when a young binary is associated with all three disks .
Left panel : Wide - field three - color composite image of the environment around the constellation Ophiuchus , where SR24 is located .
( Obtained with the 1.4 m telescope IRSF [ Infrared Survey Facility ] at the South African Astronomical Observatory [ SAAO ] ) ( © The Graduate University for Advanced Studies )
Right panel : Image of the young binary system SR24 .
Obtained with the 8.2 m Subaru Telescope .
( © The Graduate University for Advanced Studies )
Astronomers Dr. Tomoyuki Hanawa ( Chiba University ) and Dr. Tomoaki Matsumoto ( Hosei University ) analyzed the young binary star and collected information about its attributes .
Using a supercomputer , they performed two - dimensional numerical simulations of accretion from a circumbinary disk and were able to generate stellar structures ( Figure 1B ) that shared common features with the observed image .
The agreement between the observations and the simulation suggests that fresh material streams along the spiral arm , replenishing the circumprimary disk with a reservoir of gas contained in a circumbinary disk .
As reported in this article , the 0.1 arcsecond image shows the supporting structures of twin protoplanetary disks , which are fed with planet - building materials .
Such an image cannot be reproduced by spectroscopic observations or studies of models of spectral energy distribution .
The simulations also confirm that the bridge between the twin disks corresponds to gas flow and a shock wave caused by the collision of gas rotating around the primary and secondary stars .
The comparison of the simulations with the observation demonstrates a mechanism for how protoplanetary disks interact in young binary systems .
These findings are a testament to the significance of this first direct observation of a binary system that is in the process of forming .
They lead to a better understanding of the process of star and planet formation in a binary system by clarifying the role of supporting structures in maintaining the binary system .
Explore further Infrared Image of Circumstellar Disk Illuminates Massive Star Formation Process
More information :
These findings were published in the November 19 , 2009 edition of Science Express in an article entitled “ Direct Imaging of Bridged Twin Protoplanetary Disks in a Young Multiple Star ” by S. Mayama et al. and will be subsequently published in Science .
Provided by Subaru Telescope
The decline of the American dollar has led to a trade imbalance north of the border , on the rinks of the National Hockey League .
Over the past two decades , the Canadian teams in the N.H.L. were considered poor cousins of their colleagues in the United States .
Some floundered financially , others packed up and moved south .
The league even created the Canadian Assistance Program to subsidize the country ’s struggling teams .
But the landscape in Canada has changed drastically , because of a rise of more than 50 percent in the Canadian dollar since 2002 .
A stronger currency has made it cheaper for the six Canadian teams to pay their players in United States dollars and to reduce debts .
It has also inflated the revenue of the six Canadian franchises and , in turn , the league ’s revenue .
That has hurt some of the weaker teams in the United States by pushing up the minimum amount teams must spend on payroll .
“ The Canadian teams went from being very weak to the crown jewel in a short period , ” said Rob Tilliss , the founder of Inner Circle Sports , which advises owners and teams .
“ There are cycles , of course , but there ’s enough interest and enthusiasm in Canada that this is n’t going to reverse ” anytime soon .
An Israeli judge made a historic ruling last week when he decided that an Arab teenager needed " protection " from the justice system and ordered that he not be convicted despite being found guilty of throwing stones at a police car during a protest against Israel ’s attack last winter on Gaza .
Prosecutors had demanded that the juvenile , a 17 - year - old from Nazareth in northern Israel , be convicted of endangering a vehicle on the road , a charge that carries a punishment of up to 20 years ’ imprisonment , as a way to deter other members of Israel ’s Arab minority from committing similar offenses .
But Judge Yuval Shadmi said discrimination in the Israeli legal system ’s treatment of Jewish and Arab minors , particularly in cases of what he called " ideologically motivated " offenses , was " common knowledge . "
In the verdict , he wrote : " I will say that the state is not authorized to caress with one hand the Jewish ‘ ideological ’ felons , and flog with its other hand the Arab ‘ ideological ’ felons . "
He referred in particular to the lenient treatment by the police and courts both of Jewish settler youths who have attacked soldiers in the West Bank and who violently resisted the disengagement from the Gaza Strip in 2005 , and of religious extremists who have spent many months battling police to prevent the opening of a car park on the Sabbath in Jerusalem .
Abir Baker , a lawyer with Adalah , a legal group for Israel ’s 1.3 million - strong Arab minority , said the ruling was the first time a judge in a criminal court had acknowledged that the state pursued a policy of systematic discrimination in demanding harsher punishments for Arab citizens .
" We have known this for a long time , but it has been something very hard for us to prove to the court ’s satisfaction , " she said .
" Now we have a legal precedent that we can use to appeal against convictions in similar cases . "
The youth was arrested during a protest on a road near Nazareth a few days after Israel launched its operation in Gaza last December .
Dozens of demonstrations took place in Israel during the four - week attack , leading to the arrests of 830 protesters in what human rights groups described as often brutal Israeli police action .
The overwhelming majority of those arrested , say the rights groups , were Arab citizens , despite the participation of Israeli Jews .
Adalah reported that 250 protesters were subsequently indicted , almost all of them Arabs and half of them minors .
Judge Richard Goldstone , in his United Nations fact - finding report into the Gaza assault published in September , wrote that he had been " struck " by the fact that despite many counter - demonstrations by right - wing Jews that had turned violent the police appeared to have made " no arrests " in those cases .
He also noted that , according to the information he had seen , most Arab protesters had been refused bail and held in detention for lengthy periods , even in cases where they faced relatively minor charges .
Of the court system , Goldstone concluded that " the element of discrimination between … and differential treatment of Palestinian and Jewish citizens of Israel by the judicial authorities , as reflected in the reports received , is a substantial cause for concern . "
The ruling by the Nazareth juvenile court appeared to confirm those findings .
Shadmi wrote in his verdict that , in recent years , the Israeli authorities had been " working on two fundamentally different enforcement levels in relation to crimes perpetrated by [ Israeli ] minors . "
He pointed out that in cases of violence by Jewish youths against the security services , legal proceedings were usually frozen or canceled before the indictment stage .
He said he had not heard of a single instance of a Jewish minor being sent to prison for such offenses , even though most Arab minors were convicted and jailed .
The judge admitted that he had nearly been swayed by prosecution demands for a lengthy jail term for the youth , who can not be named because of his age .
But ultimately , he said , he had been persuaded by the defense ’s argument that similar cases of " ideological violence " involving Jewish youths – such as settler attacks on soldiers – rarely , if ever , merited jail terms .
" If the state feels that ideological offenses justify relatively forgiving enforcement for minors , then this should be the policy toward all minors regardless of nationality or religion . "
Earlier this year the Justice Ministry recommended that 40 Jewish settlers convicted of resisting the disengagement from Gaza be pardoned on the grounds that their acts " were prompted by an unusual historical event and that the perpetrators are not felons . "
According to Israeli media reports , many of the settlers arrested over the disengagement will never be brought to trial .
Shadmi ordered the Nazareth youth to refrain from committing any offense against the police for two years against a bond of $ 1,300 .
In a procedure mainly reserved for juvenile offenses , he sentenced the youth to 200 hours of community service without convicting him .
The verdict was greeted with surprise by the youth ’s family .
The father told the Israeli media : " Thank God we had a judge like him , who is not motivated by racism .
This may lead the state of Israel to understand that it ’s time to stop treating the Arab population like enemies . "
The prosecution announced that it would appeal against the decision .
Gideon Fishman , a sociology professor at Haifa University who has made a study of criminal sentencing policies in Israel , said he was not aware of research into discriminatory policies by prosecutors toward juvenile offenders .
However , he said he was sure that there was systematic bias .
" The judge is right to raise his voice against a policy that is more lenient toward Jewish offenders .
This is a policy being pursued by state prosecutors intentionally and not by accident , and it undermines trust in the system . "
Judge Shadmi referred only to discrimination in sentencing in Israeli criminal courts .
Palestinians from the occupied territories are tried in Israeli military courts under different legal rules and procedures that have been severely criticized by human rights groups .
A version of this article originally appeared in The National , published in Abu Dhabi .
This looks familiar ...
Introduction by Richard Swinburne
Asus P6TD Deluxe
Click to enlarge
Click to enlarge
Asus ' LGA1366 board , the P6T Deluxe , snagged an award when we reviewed it last year here on .
Since then , the firm has refreshed it , and then refreshed the refresh ( insert Yo Dawg joke here ) , but we 've been a little cautious about a complete re-review onas it 's not been radically overhauled .
However , when Asus suggested the newest version of the board , the P6TD Deluxe could overclock a Core i7 - 920 D0 to 4GHz and run it all day , everyday , we became a lot more interested .
Having recently reviewed the board for Custom PC and found that it was good enough to get the magazine 's top gong , the Premium Grade award , we were intrigued enough to put the claims to the test .
To start you off , we 've got Mark 's full review .
Then we 've added in the basics of our Premium Player system ( including a Radeon HD 5870 ) from our most recent buyer 's guide to create a high - end system so we can stress test the machine using Asus ' settings - and we 've included these settings for your reference , too .
Around this time last year there was quite a kerfuffle in the CustomPC andlabs .
Someone spilled my tea , Intel had just released its LGA1366 CPUs and we were having a ball breaking all the benchmark records under the sun .
The king of the motherboard hill at launch time was Asus ’ P6T Deluxe , which was later superseded from its throne by the P6T Deluxe V2 .
The V2 was n't a major overhaul , but it was still a solid refresh , featuring all the overclockability and features of the original but without the silly SAS controller that added a minute to boot time for no good reason .
Asus has now refreshed this refresh with the P6TD Deluxe - and true to form , it 's removed something else , namely the floppy port .
In general though , this board is very much made of the same stuff as its predecessors : the unusual black X58 chipset heatsink , accented in silver , sits between copper Southbridge and VRM heatsinks .
With its black PCB , and orange and black memory sockets , the P6TD still looks like the P6Ts of old .
Underneath the glossy black surface lies one of the board ’s hidden new additions though .
Asus has beefed up the copper layer of the PCB to use 2oz , an enhancement we first saw in Gigabyte ’s Ultra Durable 3 motherboards .
The theory is that the thicker copper layer will disperse heat more quickly and evenly .
While this is plausible , it ’s impossible to verify whether or not it does .
The P6TD Deluxe uses Asus’ " Xtreme Phase " technology , which means it now features a ‘ True 16+2 - phase ’ design to run power to the CPU .
The idea is that if the power being delivered can be spread out over more phases , the load on each phase will be reduced .
Asus claims that the result is more stable power delivery and lower temperatures , both of which should help with overclocking .
Finally , the board has Turbo Key and Turbo V , which provide one - button overclocking and software overclocking respectively .
Being an LGA1366 motherboard , the P6TD is based around Intel ’s X58 chipset .
There are three 16x PCI - Express 2.0 slots , and the board will provide two graphics cards in either Cross Fire or SLI modes with the full 16 lanes of bandwidth .
Adding a third graphics card will mean that the secondary and tertiary cards receive eight lanes of bandwidth each , but three - way SLI or triple - card Cross Fire is feasible .
Asus has also used a single 4x PCI - Express slot and two regular PCI slots .
The 4 x slot may be open - ended , but cards with a connector longer than the slot itself will clash with the heatsink .
We ’ve included photos of the slot layout above so you can plan how much of your kit you ’ll be able to squeeze in .
Asus usually lavishes its Deluxe motherboards with more ports and headers than you could shake a fistful of cables at , and the P6TD Deluxe is no exception .
The board provides 14 USB 2.0 connections , two FireWire connections , two Gigabit LAN ports and the full complement of 3.5 mm analogue audio jacks for 7.1 surround sound .
There are both optical and coaxial S / PDIF out ports , too .
Onboard power and reset buttons on the PCB will make bench - testing and overclocking that much easier , but the board lacks a Clear CMOS button .
There are six SATA 3 Gbps ports , which are RAID - capable and powered by the ICH10R Southbridge .
Asus has n't replaced the expensive SAS controller with additional SATA controller , and only having six feels a little mean on a £ 200 motherboard .
The layout of the P6TD harbours no surprises , and is generally executed in a sensible fashion .
There ’s plenty of space to install oversized heatsinks such as the Thermalright Ultra - 120 eXtreme 1366RT or the Titan Fenrir we use for testing , and the power headers are all where you ’d want them to be as well .
WASHINGTON --
The suicide bomber who killed seven Central Intelligence Agency employees and contractors and a Jordanian intelligence officer was a double agent the CIA had recruited to provide intelligence on senior al Qaeda leadership , according to current and former U.S. officials and an Afghan security official .
The officials said the bomber was a Jordanian doctor likely affiliated and working with al Qaeda .
The Afghan security official identified the bomber as Hammam Khalil Abu Mallal al - Balawi , who is also known as Abu Dujana al - Khurasani .
The Pakistani Taliban also claimed that Mr. al - Balawi was the bomber , Arabic - language Web sites reported Monday .
Mr. al - Balawi was brought to the CIA 's base in Khost Province by the Jordanian intelligence official , Sharif Ali bin Zeid , who was working with the CIA , according to the Afghan security official .
The bomber appears to have been invited to an operational planning meeting on al Qaeda , a former senior U.S. intelligence official said .
" It looks like an al Qaeda double agent , " the former official said .
" It 's very sophisticated for a terrorist group that 's supposedly on the run . "
In 1968 , we saw 2001 : A Space Odyssey and the Doctor Who adventure Wheel In Space , with Cybermen and stuff .
Anyway , some bright sparks have smooshed them with some damn fine CGI .
And it 's brilliant .
If you , you know , really like 2001 and Doctor Who .
Which I do .
Oh , how I do .
It is a bit super , is n't it ?
From Tardis Timegirl there , with assistance from Steve Skinner .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - European companies have scooped up the majority of U.S. stimulus money set aside for wind power projects , drawing on their expertise and global reach to tap into Washington ’s effort to grow the base of renewable energy sources .
A wind turbine is pictured at the Sierra del Rey mountain range , about 100 km ( 62 milles ) from Lisbon June 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Nacho Doce
While those government funds have generated U.S. jobs and provided a lifeline to the green energy industry during the financial crisis , the cash flows show European companies remain crucial to U.S. goals to advance the renewable power sector .
The U.S. Treasury Department has helped fund some 150 renewable energy projects from a portion of the $ 787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and has given out grants worth more than $ 1.5 billion to wind projects .
More than two - thirds of that money , or $ 1.06 billion , has gone to projects developed by European - based companies .
Iberdrola Renewables , a unit of Spanish power company Iberdrola SA , has been the top grant recipient , receiving $ 483.8 million , followed by Horizon Wind Energy , owned by Portuguese EDP Renewables , which has won $ 229.8 million .
Other European wind companies to receive grants include Spanish Acciona , which got $ 67.9 million , and NaturEner USA , LLC , part of Grupo NaturEner , S.A. and a subsidiary of Belgian group Sapec , which banked $ 62.3 million .
The top U.S. wind power generator , NextEra , a unit of FPL Group , owner of Florida utility FPL , has received about $ 130 million under the Recovery Act , and MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co , a unit of Warren Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway , has gotten $ 93.4 million .
HEAD START
Industry experts said the European - based companies had benefited from their own governments ’ policies over the past decade , enabling them to make deeper commitments to the business than their U.S. counterparts .
“ It should n’t be a surprise that a lot of the wind companies are based in Europe now because over the last decade Europe ’s policies have been stronger , ” said Rob Gramlich , senior vice president for public policy at the American Wind Association .
The Recovery Act grants replaced a tax credit that became virtually useless last year because it depended on banks to provide financing for new projects through tax equity markets .
Following the financial crisis that wiped out Lehman Brothers and forced banks to pull back from project lending in 2008 , wind developers had few options to raise cash .
That tilted the playing field toward companies with large balance sheets , said Gabriel Alonso , CEO of EDP ’s Horizon Wind Energy , the third - largest wind company in the United States .
Both Iberdrola and Horizon said they hire U.S. workers to develop and build their projects .
The success of the program has given then renewed confidence to grow their wind generation in the United States rather than in other countries .
EDP had considered moving funds out of the Horizon unit to Europe or South America , Alonso said , but the passage of the Recovery Act “ completely changed the landscape . ”
“ Not only did we keep all the capital we were planning to invest -- more than $ 1 billion -- we even brought some turbines from Europe ” to the U.S. , and lifted spending to $ 1.5 billion , he said .
EDP , the fourth - largest wind generator globally , generates about 45 percent of its revenues from its U.S. Horizon unit , he said , and the company is now looking at projects it can begin building by the end of 2010 and have operating by the end of 2012 , both requirements of the Recovery Act .
“ We are committed to reinvesting all the money we get from the grant program back into the United States , ” Alonso said .
“ The point of the Recovery Act was to put Americans to work building projects , and that ’s exactly what it ’s doing , ” Gramlich said .
The industry built 5,800 megawatts in the first nine months of 2009 , but is not likely to reach the record 8,000 MW built last year .
Still , the growth is far better than many had expected earlier this year .
While the bulk of Recovery Act money has gone to bigger players , some smaller U.S. developers have benefited , such as First Wind , EverPower Renewables and the Cannon Power Group .
For San Diego , California - based Cannon , which received $ 19.4 million to expand its Windy Point / Windy Flats project to up to 500 MW , the money has been hugely important , said President Gary Hardke .
The company has been developing renewable projects since 1979 , and although it lacks the balance sheet of the major power companies , it has built more than 4,000 MW of projects .
“ We have to work harder and be more agile , ” Hardke said , adding the company expected to get another $ 151 million from the Recovery Act as early as next month for another project .
There is a long and honorable tradition of military wives ( and , these days , military husbands ) going the extra romantic mile for spouses returning from war .
A quiet weekend without the kids .
Candlelight dinners .
Some slinky lingerie .
But striptease ?
Enter Ms. Burana , an exotic - dancer - turned - writer - turned - Army - wife who has endured her own deployment blues and is now trying to channel the cultural mash - up of her life into a morale - boosting quest .
She calls it Operation Bombshell .
Every few weeks , Ms. Burana travels to some strip - mall - laced military town and offers 60 - minute classes in basic burlesque .
Though she knows a thing or two about removing her clothes to thrumming music , nothing much comes off in her classes except boas and gloves .
It ’s part aerobics , part Bob Fosse and part Gypsy Rose Lee , punctuated with a few tricks of the trade .
Done properly , she demonstrates , even the faintest lift of the shoulder can say , “ Over here , big boy . ”
It is all quite retro and strictly P.G. “ This is more Ava Gardner than Britney , ” she said .
Ms. Burana , who lives in Beacon , N.Y. , started her class with a quick lesson in burlesque fundamentals .
These included the glove strip ( pull four fingers with the teeth , bend , slip the tips under a foot and pull off the rest as you stand ) ; the showgirl bounce ( hands on hip , right foot forward , a slight dip at the knee ) ; and proper boa tossing ( like snapping a whip ) .
“ A little of this stuff goes a long way , ” she instructed .
No one expects Operation Bombshell to save marriages , though if it encourages a bit of hanky - panky , that would be fine , Ms. Burana figures .
“ You do n’t owe me a book report , ” she told the women .
Mainly it is about breaking the doldrums of long , lonely deployments .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese archeologists have unearthed a large third - century tomb , which they say could be that of Cao Cao , the legendary politician and general famous throughout East Asia for his Machiavellian tactics .
The tomb , discovered in Xigaoxue village near the ancient Chinese city of Anyang , Henan Province , has an epitaph and inscription that appear to refer to Cao Cao , Central China Television said on Sunday .
A Chinese proverb , “ speak of Cao Cao and he appears , ” is the equivalent of “ speak of the devil ” in English .
Cao Cao was the final chancellor of the Eastern Han dynasty , who went on to form his own state during the political turmoil of the Three Kingdoms period .
He died in 220 AD in Luoyang , the capital of the Eastern Han dynasty , and was posthumously named Emperor of the Wei state that he founded .
In Chinese lore , a number of anecdotes tell of Cao Cao ’s ruthlessness , cunning , and military and political acumen .
The tomb contains the body of a man in his 60s , corresponding to Cao Cao ’s age at his death , and two women .
Permiere Pro has lately proven itself to be the singular worst piece of software I have ever had the misfortune to use .
It has cost us far more time than it has saved , certainly several times its RRP in wasted hours .
Normally I ’m a software developer , but a project I was working on required me to do some basic video editing and I was shocked by the poor quality of the software being used .
In case you do n’t know , Premiere Pro is “ professional ” video editing software , in a similar category to Avid Xpress and Apple ’s Final Cut Pro .
And to be fair , Premiere certainly seems to be fully featured .
It ’s just that it does n’t work .
It randomly crashes .
Constantly .
And when it ’s not randomly crashing , it ’s repeatedly crashing at the same point .
The first thing that irritated me is that I ’m running it on a split new laptop with the maximum amount of memory ( which is admittedly constrained to < 4 GB as I ’m using 32 - bit Windows XP ) and yet it gives me messages such as “ Adobe is running low on system memory .
Please save your project and proceed with caution . ” .
Quickly you realise that it ’s best to give
Adobe full run of the machine and close any other programs which use memory ( like Web browsers ) .
The next thing that perplexed me was that every time I close Premiere , I get a message telling me that Premiere unexpectedly quit and offering to send Adobe the crash report .
No , Adobe , the quit was n’t unexpected — I normally exited the application — but apparently you should n’t do that in Adobe land .
This started to bug me , so I filled in the crash report and attempted to send it .
Except I can’t , because my e-mail address is n’t valid according to Adobe .
Quite often , Premiere does n’t want to import certain media .
Sometimes it tells you this , other times it imports the footage but only displays a blank screen or inverted colours .
This is irritating , but can normally be worked around by using free software such as ffmpeg or Virtual Dub to re-encode the footage .
( Yes , these free programs seem to handle various video formats better than Adobe ’s £ 750 payware .
Adobe even suggest using VirtualDub themselves ( see Solution 6 ) ) .
However , these issues pale into insignificance once you face the beast that goes by the name of “ Export Media ” .
This launches what is sort of an associated application known as “ Adobe Media Encoder ” , which renders your project into your final move file ( e.g. .mov , .avi or .mpg ) .
Sometimes this works flawlessly .
Sometimes it will stop at a seemingly random point in the encoding and the logfile will contain such revelations as :
... - Encoding Time : 00:01:07 2009-10-28 14:18:47 : Encoding Failed
-----------------------------------------
Error compiling movie .
Unknown error .
-----------------------------------------
Hmm , “ Unknown Error ” .
Does n’t really help , does it ?
Restarting the export will result in it stopping at exactly the same point .
This forces you to come up with random hypotheses as to what caused it crash , testing them in order until you either fix the problem or give up .
Sometimes re-encoding the original video footage can fix things , which would suggest the video is corrupted ( although it will play fine in Premiere and other video software ) .
I had thought “ Unknown Error ” was the least useful error message I ’d seen .
I was wrong .
Sometimes the encoding fails part - way , yet Media Encoder reports “ Encoding completed successfully ” .
I do n’t want to take personal offence from a bit of software , but it stopped with the progress bar halfway , created half a video file then declared it was happily done .
Surely that ’s simply rude ?
Of course , you can attempt to find and follow the official Adobe advice .
The first “ note ” here tells you to restart your computer “ to refresh its memory ” ( read : not only is our software full of bugs , its also full of memory leaks ) .
Solution 1 is to turn various effects off ( read : lots of our effects have bugs ) .
Solution 2 is to change the encoding ( read : our codecs have bugs ) .
The third solution annoys me even more : “ Quit any applications that may be interfering with the render process ” .
Why ?
Surely Adobe should be able to share memory and resources with other processes ?
Solution 4 is “ Use a different codec for your export ” ( read : our export function is full of bugs ) .
Solution 5 is “ Disable Auto Save ” ( read : our basic functionality breaks our other functions ) .
I tried all of these ; no dice .
In the interest of of ending on a positive , helpful note , I have the following suggestions for how Adobe can make things better :
Replace “ Unkown Error ” wherever it occurs in the codebase .
Handle exceptions properly – you ’re meant to be a professional company and this is an very sloppy coding practice .
Test the software .
I ’m using a split new machine from a vary large vendor .
Why on earth does n’t it work ?
There must be huge flaws in the testing process at Adobe .
Remove support for features that do n’t work .
A particular encoding does n’t work a given percentage of the time ?
Either fix it , or do n’t pretend to support it .
Look at your own advice .
Most of these “ solutions ” indicate deficiencies in the underlying software .
Provide some sort of cuddly toy with each purchase of Premiere Pro .
Although this wo n’t make the software any better , it will reduce stress by giving users a representation of Adobe that can be tortured during periods of stress brought on by attempting to use the software .
– Source File : C: \DOCUME~1\amouat\LOCALS~1\Temp\adobe_sucks.prproj – Output File : C:\beingrid\be-demos\doc\WP6.2-DemoDevelopment\BE03\video\demo-video\with_titles\adobe_sucks_1.mov
– Preset Used : Custom – Video : 1024×768 , 15 [ fps ] , Progressive , Quality 100 – Audio : 48000 Hz , Mono , 16 bit – Bitrate : H.264 – Encoding Time : 00:01:07 2009-10-28 14:18:47 : Encoding Failed — — — — — — — ——————– Error compiling movie .
Unknown error . — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Wicomico County schools moving to hybrid learning format
Wicomico County Public Schools will move to a hybrid learning format starting Oct. 5 , inviting small groups of targeted students back for in - person learning .
Artificial Meat
I do n’t know how I missed the breakthrough in fish stick technology mentioned so casually in this article from the Sunday Times :
SCIENTISTS have grown meat in the laboratory for the first time .
Experts in Holland used cells from a live pig to replicate growth in a petri dish .
The advent of so - called “ in- vitro ” or cultured meat could reduce the billions of tons of greenhouse gases emitted each year by farm animals — if people are willing to eat it .
So far the scientists have not tasted it , but they believe the breakthrough could lead to sausages and other processed products being made from laboratory meat in as little as five years ’ time .
They initially extracted cells from the muscle of a live pig .
Called myoblasts , these cells are programmed to grow into muscle and repair damage in animals .
The cells were then incubated in a solution containing nutrients to encourage them to multiply indefinitely .
This nutritious “ broth ” is derived from the blood products of animal foetuses , although the intention is to come up with a synthetic solution .
…
The Dutch experiments follow the creation of “ fish fillets ” derived from goldfish muscle cells in New York and pave the way for laboratory - grown chicken , beef and lamb .
…
The Vegetarian Society reacted cautiously yesterday , saying : “ The big question is how could you guarantee you were eating artificial flesh rather than flesh from an animal that had been slaughtered .
It would be very difficult to label and identify in a way that people would trust . ”
Peta , the animal rights group , said : “ As far as we ’re concerned , if meat is no longer a piece of a dead animal there ’s no ethical objection . ”
That ’s the “ big question ” ?
I ’m guessing that Dr. Kass will find this even more repugnant than the public licking of an ice cream cone .
Welcome to Girls Got Game !
Follow along as I ( Nathan ) share my stories and experiences as a softball dad .
Learn about me or jump over to the blog .
WASHINGTON  President Obama and Congress are ending the year as they began it , at work on an economic stimulus package of tax cuts and spending , with the latest effort likely to raise the total cost of antirecession measures to the $ 1 trillion level that some economists had urged last winter .
In a speech on Tuesday , Mr. Obama outlined proposals intended to promote job creation .
They included incentives for small businesses to hire more workers , additional money to build roads and other construction projects , and rebates for homeowners who invest in energy - saving weatherizing improvements .
Mr. Obama did not put a price on the proposals , which would add to the $ 787 billion that Congress allocated last winter to revive the economy .
But he said the cost could be offset by some of the $ 200 billion in lower - than - expected spending on the bailout of financial institutions .
More than half of the original stimulus package remains in the pipeline , with many road building and construction projects beginning in 2010 .
But Mr. Obama , in his address at the Brookings Institution , a policy research organization , said further stimulus was needed to spur employers to hire and bring down a jobless rate that stands at 10 percent .
Apple is a company known for many things , but embracing copyright freedoms has not been one of them .
The company loves creating new and innovative products that challenge the world 's perception of what it thought it wanted , but it then turns around and aggressively protects those products from being poked or prodded too much by curious onlookers .
Some believe Apple is in the right to do this , while others feel the company could set a better example when it comes to using ( or abusing ) copyright legislation for its own self - serving purposes .
This is a topic that recently came up during our Premier Subscriber chat with Electronic Frontier Foundation staff attorney Fred von Lohmann .
von Lohmann pointed out that Google — a company that is often compared to Apple — has been at the forefront of the pro-innovation copyright agenda , fighting the good fight on behalf of tech companies and their users for many years .
When it comes to Apple ... not so much .
The two companies could not be more different .
Let 's take a moment to summarize some of Apple 's latest pro-DRM and pro-DMCA moves .
Apple < 3s DRM
Apple has insisted for years that it would embrace an entirely DRM - free world if music , movie , and TV producers would get behind it .
Those walls have largely been broken down when it comes to selling some forms of media ( namely music ) , but Apple is n't exactly anti-DRM in any other sense .
Aside from still offering DRM - laden movies and TV shows on iTunes ( which can reasonably be attributed to content producers ) , Apple itself is happy to employ DRM to keep its own products from being used in unapproved ways .
The most obvious is the fact that the company uses DRM to guarantee that iPods and iPhones can't be used with any other software besides iTunes .
Not only that , but Apple also uses technology to block out non-Apple devices from syncing with iTunes — � la the Palm Pre saga .
Apple also happily employed HDCP in its implementation of the Mini DisplayPort for its portable machines starting in 2008 .
This means that certain movies that are HDCP " aware " can now detect whether the movie is being output to an approved display — if not , the movie wo n't play .
DisplayPort itself was designed as an open , extensible standard for computers that offers lower power consumption over DVI , so it was Apple 's choice to massage HDCP into the mix for its own ( and partners ' ) interests .
This is , of course , on top of the HDCP that 's already implemented in the Apple TV .
Apple vs. jailbreakers
Given the above , Apple 's stance against iPhone jailbreakers is n't too surprising .
Jailbreaking allows third parties to create applications and add additional functionality to the iPhone that would n't otherwise be allowed , including running background applications and inevitably unlocking the device to be used on unapproved carriers .
Apple argues that this kind of activity is against the DMCA and should be illegal .
Why ?
Because jailbreaking , to Apple , means circumvention of DRM , and why would anyone want to circumvent DRM except to do illegal activities ?
In its argument to Congress earlier this year , Apple said that the " class of works " ( that is , unapproved software ) that would come out of jailbroken iPhones infringe on Apple 's copyrights — not to mention that such an activity could lead to the total and utter meltdown of the cellular network .
The EFF , on the other hand , says that neither jailbreaking nor installing legally produced programs would violate Apple 's copyrights , and that 's why jailbreaking should continue to be allowed under the DMCA ( at least for the next three years ) .
And , let 's be honest here : there are relatively few iPhone users in the world who even want to jailbreak their phones .
The threat of a hostile takeover by people using rogue iPhones is practically nonexistent , but Apple wants to exercise its control over all users , not just most of them .
Apple vs. people talking on the Internet
Again , this builds upon Apple 's overall stance on DRM and users " breaking " it .
Earlier this year , Apple took action on that stance by making legal threats against the company behind BluWiki , OdioWorks LLC , after members posted information discussing how to use the iPod with third - party software .
Apple accused OdioWorks of disseminating information to circumvent Apple 's DRM and enabling copyright infringement by hosting the pages on iTunesDB , which Apple believed was in violation of the anticircumvention provisions of the DMCA .
OdioWorks first complied , and then filed a lawsuit against Apple in order to defend the rights of its users .
" Companies like Apple should not be able to censor online discussions by making baseless legal threats against services like BluWiki that host the discussion , " OdioWorks owner Sam Odio said in a statement at the time .
The company asked the court for a judgment saying the discussion did n't violate the DMCA , but that challenge never got a chance to be tested in court — Apple decided to back off in July , notifying the company that it was withdrawing its takedown notifications .
However , this was n't the success that some had hoped for , as Apple did n't withdraw because of anyone 's First Amendment rights .
" Apple has stopped utilizing the code in question , rendering the code obsolete for the purposes at issue in this action .
Publishing that code is no longer of any harm or benefit to anyone , " the company said in its letter .
This means that if someone decided to post a new discussion to BluWiki discussing how to use the iPod with third - party software under Apple 's new authentication methods , such threats could ( and probably will ) bubble up again .
It wo n't be over anytime soon
These are just a few ( albeit major ) examples of the steps Apple has taken to squelch open discussion and tinkering with its products , despite the fact that these activities barely affect the company 's bottom line .
Though most of Apple 's customers do n't know or care about these issues , they do affect us all to some degree or another — especially if Apple tries to use the DMCA in what some consider to be abusive ways .
It certainly seems that Apple has embraced the concept of using DRM for the purposes of control , and this behavior is likely to continue for a long time .
Now , if you 'll excuse me , it 's time to go make a call on my iPhone while watching some movies on my Apple TV .
Additive Shocks By Bryan Caplan
A common complaint about Sumner is that he ignores important real
shocks , such as the “ Recalculation Problems ” that Arnold keeps pushing .
I ’m still not convinced that recalculation is a big deal , though this graph that Arnold ’s promoting is the kind of evidence that might eventually change my mind .
Whether or not I convert to the recalculation story , however , Sumner ’s main points still stand .
Why ?
Because real and nominal shocks are basically additive .
To see why , consider two variants on the following thought experiment :
Over the last five years we wasted 10 % of GDP on mud pies .
Now we ’ve suddenly realized that no one wants mud pies .
Variant # 1 : Scott Sumner runs the Fed .
He keeps nominal GDP growing at 5 % per year .
What happens ?
Unemployment still rises – and measured output falls – because mud pie workers have to look around for a better use of their skills .
But output of non-mud - pies gradually rises as the productive 90 % of the economy absorbs the cast - offs of the unproductive 10 % .
Variant # 2 : A misguided utilitarian deflationist ( he likes Rothbard ’s macro , but not his ethics ) runs the Fed .
He adjusts the money supply to make nominal GDP shrink by 5 % per year .
What happens ?
The mud pie industry still collapses .
But unless psychological resistance to nominal way cuts changes far quicker than it ever has in the past , workers throughout the economy quickly become grossly overpaid relative to their productivity .
This leads to massive falls in employment and output in the industries that would otherwise absorb the displaced mud pie workers .
Leading Question :
If you subtract the damage in Variant # 1 from the damage in Variant # 2 , what do you get ?
You get exactly the damage you would expect if the mud pie debacle never happened BUT our misguided utilitarian deflationist made nominal GDP shrink by 5 % per year !
Namely : Massive unemployment caused by excessive nominal wages , and a corresponding fall in output .
P.S. If this seems horrifically Keynesian to you , I have to point out that Rothbard , Dr. Deflation himself , quietly grants my two key points in a crucial section of America ’s Great Depression :
1. Deflation reduces employment and output when wages are downwardly rigid .
It is , moreover , a common myth among laymen
and economists alike , that falling prices have a depressing effect on
business .
This is not necessarily true .
What matters for business is not
the general behavior of prices , but the price differentials between
selling prices and costs ( the “ natural rate of interest ” ) .
If wage rates ,
for example , fall more rapidly than product prices , this stimulates
business activity and employment .
[ emphasis mine ]
The flip side , obviously , is that if wage rates barely fall at all , and product prices do , the “ common myth ” is true .
2 . Wage rigidity is partly a product of human psychology , not just unions and regulation .
WASHINGTON 
His son had been dead from an overdose only three months when A. Thomas McLellan , among the nation ’s leading researchers on addiction , got a call from the office of Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Would he accept the nomination to be the government ’s No. 2 drug - control official ?
Dr. McLellan , 61 , makes no secret of his cynicism about government 
“ I hate Washington , ” as he put it in an interview  and he had no intention of leaving his job as a professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and scientific director of the Treatment Research Institute in Philadelphia .
But the loss of his younger son , who overdosed on anti-anxiety medication and Scotch last year at age 30 while his older son was in residential treatment for alcoholism and cocaine addiction , changed his perspective .
“ That ’s why I took this job , ” said Dr. McLellan , who was sworn in as the deputy director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy in August .
“ I thought it was some kind of sign , you know .
I would never have done it .
I loved all the people I ’ve worked with , I loved my life .
But I thought maybe there ’s a way where what I know plus what I feel could make a difference . ”
BRONX , N.Y. – On Sunday , October 25 , close to 1,000 Bronx residents overflowed the gymnasium of the St. Nicolas of Tolentine Church to demand a new “ Blueprint for the Bronx , ” a blueprint for responsible economic development , quality health care , decent education and affordable housing .
Community residents also spoke out against the criminalization of and hate - mongering against immigrant workers and rent - gouging by landlords .
The rally was sponsored by the Northwest Bronx Community & Clergy Coalition ( NWBCCC ) , an alliance of churches and local community groups .
Signs reading “ Our community , Our plan ” ; “ Living wages , No poverty jobs ” ; and “ Whose armory ?
Our armory , ” pointed to the most topical issue for the community : the redevelopment of the historic Kingsbridge Armory , one of the country ’s largest , located a few blocks from the church .
The Kingsbridge Armory Redevelopment Alliance ( KARA ) , a 22 - member coalition of local groups , churches and unions has waged a year - long campaign to achieve a binding community benefits agreement ( CBA ) with the armory ’s developer , the Related Companies .
In a deal worked out with the corporate - friendly Bloomberg administration , Related will pay only $ 5 million for a landmark property that is actually valued at $ 20 to $ 25 million , and will also receive $ 17 million in tax credits .
The developer ’s plan is essentially to turn the armory into a cash cow by leasing space to national chains which typically hire part - time workers and pay minimum wages without benefits .
Such chains , critics point out , would drive out local businesses , including a supermarket whose workers are members of the Retail , Wholesale and Department Store Union , earning decent wages and benefits .
In return for massive public subsidies and the promise of large profits in the years ahead for the developer , KARA is demanding full - time union jobs with living wages and benefits , priority in hiring to local residents , and the creation of schools and community recreation facilities in a section of the city that has a severe shortage of both .
New York City Comptroller and mayoral candidate , William Thompson , earned a standing ovation for his support of the community demands .
“ It ’s about fairness for Bronx residents .
Related ’s plans will do damage to the community , ” Thompson said .
He pledged that if elected mayor , he would disapprove any development that did not meet the community ’s goals .
The crowd also cheered the new Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz , Jr. , who has rejected Related ’s proposal for the armory , when he called the community fight - back “ a new revolution . ”
“ It is not too radical or extreme to ask the developer to create living wage jobs .
It is our moment , our time , ” Diaz said .
In recent weeks , the Bronx community has won important allies for its struggle against Related : AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka , the New York City Central Labor Council and heads of five major unions , including the Building Construction Trades Council , have all joined in solidarity with KARA to reject Related ’s plan .
CBAs are legally binding contracts that have been hammered out between grassroots groups and developers in several cities nationwide , including Los Angeles , Denver and Milwaukee .
In its efforts to win a tangible CBA for the Armory , KARA hopes to avoid the fate of the working - class neighborhoods surrounding Related ’s recently - opened Gateway Mall in the Bronx , an example of low - road economic development .
The struggle also takes on added urgency given the loss of over 100 unionized jobs owing to the closing and dismantling of the Stella D’Oro biscuit factory in nearby Kingsbridge Heights , by a private equity firm that bought the plant in 2006 .
The development process is now at a pivotal juncture , as KARA takes its case to the New York City Council , which will make a final decision on the project within 50 days .
The thumbs - down by Diaz and a “ no ” vote by Bronx City Council members could persuade the City Council as a whole to shelve the developer ’s proposal .
KARA leader and clergyman Doug Cunningham exhorted everyone to attend the New York City Council ’s public hearing on the Armory on Thursday , November 12 .
“ We have waged a long campaign ; we have marched , prayed and testified .
We will now speak with one voice , and we will win ! ” he said to thunderous applause .
( Photo credit : KARA )
Aspartame Case History
Name : Jen H ;
Age : 19 ;
Gender : Female ;
Aspartame Consumption : 5 months ;
Health symptoms started after consuming aspartame : Yes ;
Diet Products Used : Slim - Fast Diet Supplement in Strawberry , Vanilla and Chocolate ; Splenda sugar substitute ; Crystal Lite lemonade , sweat tea and fruit punch ; Lays original light potato chips with Olestra ; Yoplait fat free yogurt ;
Are you aware of products not labeled sugar - free : No ;
May we include your case history on website : Yes ;
Referred by : Google ;
Comments : I am just 19 , but have been really sick for the first time in my life .
At first , I thought it was because I was off to college , and the changes were getting to me .
No more of mom 's foods prepared for me when I was hungry .
And I have been eating out more , eating junk foods , and lots of diet things ; see above list .
With the pressures of wanting to " look good " , I started on the Slim Fast stuff , and that led to more diet products .
I did n't know that I was making myself sicker and sicker .
I just had an MRI , major blood work done , 2 EKG's , and went through all this torture for them to find nothing .
I just now experienced dizziness upon standing up , followed by a migraine headache in the frontal part of my head .
Other times , the headaches would be behind my eyes or at the temporal part of the brain .
It 's never in the same area , like a sinus headache .
Recently when I was working out during my mile run , I had problems breathing .
Then my heart began to burn .
I mean , really burn .
It was frightening !
I called my mom on my cell , and she told me to sit down , and if I still had labored breathing to go to my dorm and get my breathing pump I use for my asthma .
I did what she said , and eventually the burning stopped .
Recently I had a
blackout , and I am terrified .
Please help me .
I am seeing a neurologist now , but he is not taking my situation seriously .
I cannot continue to function in college with this on - going condition .
My mom flew in to see about me this weekend and we miraculously discovered your website .
Why can't the doctors figure this out ?
Once we found the truth about aspartame , and discovered that this has happened to you and many other people , I can now remove the cause of all these new health problems that the MRIs and tests can't " see " , and I can get well again .
From Dr. Hull :
Jen ,
Thank you for writing .
You are still young enough to beat this quickly .
As soon as you avoid ALL diet chemicals , your health will begin to restore .
If you read about what happened to me in my book , Sweet Poison , you 'll feel like you are reading about yourself - including how my doctor was impotent in knowing any of this .
If I had listened to him , I 'd be without my thyroid gland , minus my gall bladder , and I 'd be dependent on expensive meds to keep me alive .
Instead of being in perfect health today , and totally independent of ALL medicine , as I am now , I 'd be sicker and spending my money at the pharmacy counter and at the doctor 's office .
Do this : detox your body from the aspartame , and make sure to take a good multi-vitamin and a vitamin C every day .
Drink mostly water and eat real foods ( like what your mom raised you on ) .
To stay thin , eat smaller portions throughout the day ; this will satisfy you and you will not gain any weight doing this .
Actually , the diet drinks make the body gain weight in the long run .
Sadly , the only way we can beat this " system " is to do what we are all doing - reaching out in every way that we can to get the warning out to those who are unaware of this issue ; the mainstream is paid off to keep it quiet , and they have succeeded , you think ?
I know that you have figured this one out , though !
This diet sweetener fad is worth so much money and has so much control over those who are addicted to the " need " for these unnatural sweeteners , it 's going to take everyone of us to keep driving the truth forward , one person at a time .
Keep up the good work , and thank you for your participation in helping others ; especially those around you at college who will see you get well by ditching the diet fizz .
Do n't worry about what your doc says , either - the AMA has told them to stay away from this issue - it is too litigious .
They should be smarter than this , though .
And by golly , they should care more , too !
The best in health ,
Janet Hull
Posted December 2009 | Permanent Link
Visit Dr. Hull 's Websites & Online Programs
Other Articles In This Category
About 5 years ago , I stopped hanging out and doing work in the anarchist community because it was n’t meeting my needs .
The community was n’t doing the kind of work I ’m most interested in , it was completely white - centric , and it tended to silence me when I got the most passionate .
In short , the anarchist community in the city I was living in failed me .
But I never stopped considering myself an anarchist .
During my hardcore anarchist years , the same tiresome things kept happening .
I ’d attend meetings or events and realize folks were glaring at my child .
There was often a palpable feeling in the air “ Who is this breeder ?
Does n’t she know her kid is n’t welcome ? ”
This always made me feel like saying , “ Listen , you stinky motherfucker , your impressively righteous punk patches and by - the - book taste in music notwithstanding , you do n’t get to decide whose party this is , and just because you ’re uncomfortable with your own parents and class privilege does n’t mean all parents , or all kids suck .
It might mean that you suck , though .
Now go throw a rock at a window and call it revolution . ”
But I never did , probably because I did n’t feel like inviting the backlash such a comment would bring .
As time went on and I became more vocal in the community , even more tiresome things kept happening : people continued to insinuate that my mama comrades and I were expecting a handout when we suggested they offer free childcare at events , somehow white men always dominated the discussion and organizing efforts and succeeded in drowning out the voices of those they did not agree with , and in one surreal instance , I was publicly compared to Andrea Dworkin , of all people , for standing up in defense of a fellow woman organizer .
Too often I felt misunderstood and marginalized .
All the evidence started to add up that , as much as I loved my community , it was not the right spot for me to do my work .
Realizing that I was perpetually on the verge of a giant rant , I decided that if my anarchist community refused to grow up , it did n’t mean that I had to do the same .
So I dropped out , and started many humbling years as a just - scraping - by community organizer , trying to create human - scale neighborhood solutions aimed at solving some of the problems in places I lived .
But I never stopped considering myself an anarchist , even though that affiliation would make as much sense to many of my current friends and neighbors as “ card - carrying Martian ” .
In fact , I am a die - hard anarchist .
( This , even , from a person who refuses even to describe herself as “ feminist ” because she has too many disagreements with what most people consider feminism . )
The one label , other than mother , that I use with comfort is “ anarchist ” .
I fucking love the ideology of anarchism .
Even if I find it hard to connect with the theory of crusty old Russians–possibly more relevant to male industrial revolution - era workers than to poor mothers of the 21st century –I will always be passionately convinced that each person deserves access to all the necessary tools to make her life what she wants it to be .
That we do n’t have to go knocking on some rich , educated person ’s door , or tug on our congressman ’s coat , to ask politely for some solutions .
That everyone on earth deserves justice , and to experience the richness of human life , now , not later , and that people should be held accountable for the messes we ’ve created .
That is my anarchism .
I just did n’t want to spend my life arguing with the people I thought should have my back .
Let me ask a question .
What percentage of anarchist events , without being asked , provides childcare ?
Are there any anarchist communities in the US that provide elder care ?
There are uncountable ways we could address these simple issues , but for some reason we ’d rather read about how they did things in 1930 ’s Spain than develop a nuanced and sustainable plan for a truly new society in the shell of the old .
Hey , I love reading about the Spanish Civil War , too , but something is off when we ’d rather talk at each other about times long past until we ’re blue in the face because it is so much less risky to talk than to do the hard work of making things better .
Often , we ghettoize ourselves in our comfort zones , to a point that anyone that does n’t fit the anarchist “ description ” feels as out of place as a fat woman in a fashion magazine .
Hell , almost every anarchist meeting or event I went to with my kid , I was given the side eye .
It gets old .
One guy at the infoshop refused to pass off the keys to me because he did n’t “ trust ” me .
Well , I guess he was right , I did n’t fit into his version of anarchism : a white boys club that holds endless geekout sessions about whether the police qualify as “ workers ” .
Count me and my kid out , thanks .
Often , our concept of what is revolutionary is not really a mature concept of true revolution .
If you ’ve ever thrown a rock through a window , you know what I ’m talking about .
It feels good , but ultimately , someone just comes and fixes that window .
It would be nice to really dismantle something , or really create something lasting .
We need comprehensive solutions - based thinking , because these are some big-ass problems we ’re dealing with , and when the going gets tough , daddy is not going to drive up in his SUV and solve them by throwing some money around .
Neither is the government , which is being eaten alive by a corporate cancer and outsourcing more and more of its most basic functions , going to be able to deal with the reality of the situation in a few years .
Will we be ready the day that no water comes out of the tap , that the light switch does not make the electricity come on ?
Katrina was just a dry run for some of the awfulness that could happen .
And not enough people see it coming .
It ’s time to walk the walk , not just talk the talk .
Another question : how much does a white - centric infoshop in a poor neighborhood of color really accomplish ?
What is the average lifespan of an anarchist infoshop anyway ?
I apologize for my bluntness , but please , do n’t have the self - important illusion that you are really fomenting the revolution or helping anyone .
Get your ass to community meetings , town hall meetings , listen , talk to people outside your comfort zone .
Organize .
Get yourself out of the anarchist ghetto .
Only the hard work of making things better will dismantle the current society by making it outdated and obsolete .
Current “ solutions ” have already been obsolete for many of us : I have n’t had health insurance for 13 years .
My food stamps were canceled this month .
Folks , we need whole systems thinking and entire structures of mutual aid that are accessible to people who may not have social networks or anarchist caché .
Where is the anarchist federation of time banks that organize community health care ?
Where are our anarchist restaurants with free food for poor single parents , disabled veterans and the homeless , locatable to all in the yellow pages ?
When the landlord raises the rent , again , where are our anarchist sanctuaries with safe , clean and cheap roomshares that are child - friendly ?
We ’re not doing good enough .
We are too complacent .
But I never stopped considering myself an anarchist ( and I ca n’t deny that I will always have a huge soft spot for even the most closed - minded black - flag scenesters who may not grow out of calling me a breeder ) .
I believe , now more than ever , that anarchist principles are the answer .
Every single anarchist needs to be a kick - ass community organizer– - we need to spread decentralized solutions - based thinking before it ’s not too late , and fascist corporate capitalist “ restructuring ” solutions take over when disaster hits ( like New Orleans , where I hear all of the public schools have been privatized , housing projects shuttered , and neighborhoods left to rot ) .
We need to proactively empower our communities and brace for the coming disasters .
The tidal wave will come , and we can carry on with our infoshops and punk shows , which are really comfortable , after all , or we can create accessible solutions that provide resilience for our families and our communities .
We can grow up and do more of the work that makes things better : creating community - based health care , organizing child and elder care systems of mutual support , opening intergenerational democratic free schools , turning unused properties into peoples ’ art museums , planting permaculture gardens and food forests , organizing free transportation , sustainable community housing , public safety programs , anarchist conflict resolution and mediation centers , taking part in rituals that bind our community together .
The possibilities are endless , and we ’ve all imagined them .
Perhaps the best first step is to look for folks that have been doing this work in our communities for ages .
Maybe that ’s the person standing next to you at the punk show .
And maybe it ’s not .
The developers behind the XBMC project have announced the official release of version 9.11 , codenamed Camelot , a major update that includes an improved user interface theme and a number of new features .
XBMC is a cross-platform media center application that is distributed under an open source license .
Originally designed to run on Microsoft's Xbox gaming console in 2003 , the program has evolved to run on conventional desktop computers and has attracted a considerable audience of users and developers .
Although it lacks DVR capabilities , it supports a broad assortment of media playback and library management features .
I use XBMC as the primary media playback software on my Ubuntu - based HTPC .
I updated to version 9.11 from the XBMC PPA and conducted extensive hands - on testing of the new release .
I have found it to be a nice incremental improvement over its predecessor .
It looks great , performs well , and generally boosts the quality of the user experience .
I still favor it over alternatives like Boxee , but Boxee still has the lead in some areas — particularly Web video integration .
One of the most visible changes in XBMC 9.11 is the new default theme , called Confluence .
It incorporates elements from a number of popular existing skins but still manages to deliver a unique and distinctive look and feel .
It 's a lot more polished than PM3.
HD , the previous default theme .
When I reviewed XBMC 9.04 in May , I remarked that the cross - style playback control felt somewhat cumbersome .
It has been replaced in the new theme with a more conventional horizontal array of controls that slides down from the top .
In general , this new design seems less cumbersome and distracting .
The playback timeline slides in from the bottom of the screen , where it is shown in a small bubble .
It 's not as wide as it is in PM3.HD , but it 's brightly colored and still relatively easy to see .
The menu system and navigational elements all look nicer but have roughly the same behavior .
XBMC home screen
A video with timeline and playback controls
The file navigation interface
The improved XBMC control panel
XBMC 9.11 has improved support for various multimedia codecs thanks to an updated version of the FFmpeg audio and video decoding library .
It has gained support for RTMP video streams , making it possible to handle certain kinds of streaming Flash video .
Networked multimedia features got a boost from the introduction of DLNA compliance and some minor improvements to UPnP support .
The " scrapers " that are used to automatically obtain movie and television show metadata have been improved significantly in the new version .
On the Windows platform , XBMC will now use DirectX instead of OpenGL for rendering video content and the user interface .
The DirectX rendering backend has been available for a while and was used for the Xbox version , but is only just now becoming the default for the Windows release .
This is a win for performance .
Now that the release is out , the developers are going to start aggressively integrating new features and preparing for the next version .
" It 's been quite a while in the making ( and maybe a bit late ) , but Camelot has arrived for Windows , OSX , Linux , and XBMC Live , and just in time for the holidays , " the developers wrote in a statement .
" It 's now open season for us to start looking forward and begin merging in all those new features that have been brewing .
Enjoy our latest offering as we get back to work ! "
For a more complete list of new features and improvements , check out the official release notes .
You can download version 9.11 from the XBMC website .
Supaplex Maps © 1991 DreamFactory / Digital Integration
Level 001 : Warm Up Level 001 : Warm Up 960 x 384 7.99 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 002 : Exit ! Level 002 : Exit! 960 x 384 5.58 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 003 : Stone - Age Level 003 : Stone - Age 960 x 384 11.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 004 : Collector Level 004 : Collector 960 x 384 9.09 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 005 : Easy Deal Level 005 : Easy Deal 960 x 384 11.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 006 : Down They Fall ! Level 006 : Down They Fall ! 960 x 384 8.56 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 007 : Go Through !
Level 007 : Go Through !
960 x 384 8.94 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 008 : Get Those Too !!
Level 008 : Get Those Too !!
960 x 384 13.5 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 009 : Bug Funny Level 009 : Bug Funny 960 x 384 3.67 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 010 : Easy Come , Easy Go! Level 010 : Easy Come , Easy Go! 960 x 384 11.2 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 011 : Run For Life !
Level 011 : Run For Life !
960 x 384 4.02 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 012 : Ignore Them Level 012 : Ignore Them 960 x 384 11.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 013 : Anonymous Level 013 : Anonymous 960 x 384 11.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 014 : Fall Out !
Level 014 : Fall Out! 960 x 384 6.45 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 015 : One Thing ...
Level 015 : One Thing ... 960 x 384 10.5 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 016 : Just Do It !
Level 016 : Just Do It ! 960 x 384 5.75 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 017 : Bang !
Level 017 : Bang ! 960 x 384 4.76 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 018 : Quicky !
Level 018 : Quicky !
960 x 384 3.93 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 019 : Crazy Harry Level 019 : Crazy Harry 960 x 384 7.50 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 020 : Minotaurus !
Level 020 : Minotaurus !
960 x 384 7.64 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 021 : Gravity Level 021 : Gravity 960 x 384 5.22 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 022 : Up And Down Level 022 : Up And Down 960 x 384 6.21 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 023 : Bomb Time Level 023 : Bomb Time 960 x 384 11.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 024 : 200 Moving Objects !
Level 024 : 200 Moving Objects !
960 x 384 11.0 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 025 : Yawn !
Level 025 : Yawn !
960 x 384 10.9 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 026 : One Level 026 : One 960 x 384 4.93 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 027 : Once Around Level 027 : Once Around 960 x 384 13.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 028 : Baba 's Work Level 028 : Baba 's Work 960 x 384 13.2 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 029 : TNT Level 029 : TNT 960 x 384 12.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 030 : No Problem !
Level 030 : No Problem !
960 x 384 5.26 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 031 : Time To Open !
Level 031 : Time To Open ! 960 x 384 3.75 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 032 : Easy Business Level 032 : Easy Business 960 x 384 7.92 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 033 : Inside - Outside - Inside Level 033 : Inside - Outside - Inside 960 x 384 8.99 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 034 : Easy Rider !
Level 034 : Easy Rider ! 960 x 384 12.7 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 035 : No Miracle !
Level 035 : No Miracle !
960 x 384 6.51 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 036 : Push !
Level 036 : Push !
960 x 384 6.48 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 037 : Nearly Boring Level 037 : Nearly Boring 960 x 384 10.4 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 038 : Bombastic Level 038 : Bombastic 960 x 384 8.20 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 039 : Simple !
Level 039 : Simple !
960 x 384 8.43 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 040 : Mind The Stones Level 040 : Mind The Stones 960 x 384 5.65 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 041 : Time - Runner Level 041 : Time - Runner 960 x 384 7.18 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 042 : Little Pleasure Level 042 : Little Pleasure 960 x 384 5.64 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 043 : Anti-Clockwise !
Level 043 : Anti-Clockwise !
960 x 384 8.88 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 044 : Telepathy Level 044 : Telepathy 960 x 384 8.19 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 045 : Easy Work Level 045 : Easy Work 960 x 384 9.18 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 046 : Chamber - Music Level 046 : Chamber - Music 960 x 384 9.27 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 047 : Looks Difficult Level 047 : Looks Difficult 960 x 384 7.91 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 048 : Ready - Steady - Go !!
Level 048 : Ready - Steady - Go !!
960 x 384 12.9 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 049 : Fall - Festival Level 049 : Fall - Festival 960 x 384 8.64 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 050 : Do n't Worry !!
Level 050 : Do n't Worry !!
960 x 384 11.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 051 : State Of Mind Level 051 : State Of Mind 960 x 384 10.9 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 052 : Do It Yourself !
Level 052 : Do It Yourself !
960 x 384 8.74 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 053 : Fill In Level 053 : Fill In 960 x 384 11.4 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 054 : Corner Confusion !
Level 054 : Corner Confusion !
960 x 384 7.57 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 055 : The Eldritch !
Level 055 : The Eldritch ! 960 x 384 13.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 056 : Keep Cool !!
Level 056 : Keep Cool !!
960 x 384 8.90 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 057 : Those We Like !!
Level 057 : Those We Like !!
960 x 384 10.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 058 : All Together !
Level 058 : All Together !
960 x 384 11.9 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 059 : Vice - Level 059 : Vice - 960 x 384 7.81 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 060 : Versa Level 060 : Versa 960 x 384 8.16 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 061 : Pre-Ignition !
Level 061 : Pre-Ignition !
960 x 384 12.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 062 : Gumbo Level 062 : Gumbo 960 x 384 7.32 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 063 : Phil's First !
Level 063 : Phil's First !
960 x 384 14.5 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 064 : There You Go! Level 064 : There You Go! 960 x 384 10.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 065 : Pathfinder !
Level 065 : Pathfinder ! 960 x 384 7.47 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 066 : Island Hopper Level 066 : Island Hopper 960 x 384 12.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 067 : Get Them Out ! Level 067 : Get Them Out! 960 x 384 12.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 068 : Tough Going Level 068 : Tough Going 960 x 384 5.19 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 069 : Hurry Up ! Level 069 : Hurry Up! 960 x 384 8.44 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 070 : Tough But Possible !
Level 070 : Tough But Possible !
960 x 384 15.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 071 : Head - Hunter Level 071 : Head - Hunter 960 x 384 9.14 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 072 : Community Work !
Level 072 : Community Work ! 960 x 384 11.6 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 073 : One Way Level 073 : One Way 960 x 384 12.4 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 074 : Inspin-Outspin ! Level 074 : Inspin-Outspin! 960 x 384 4.64 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 075 : Nice Level 075 : Nice 960 x 384 9.37 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 076 : All The Family !
Level 076 : All The Family !
960 x 384 13.1 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 077 : Little Detail Level 077 : Little Detail 960 x 384 11.6 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 078 : Transport It ! Level 078 : Transport It ! 960 x 384 13.6 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 079 : Do n't Waste Them !
Level 079 : Do n't Waste Them !
960 x 384 10.4 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 080 : Classic Entertainment Level 080 : Classic Entertainment 960 x 384 12.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 081 : Diagonal !
Level 081 : Diagonal !
960 x 384 11.6 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 082 : Time Is Info ! Level 082 : Time Is Info! 960 x 384 7.15 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 083 : Fun-Tastic !
Level 083 : Fun-Tastic !
960 x 384 11.2 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 084 : All That Fuss Level 084 : All That Fuss 960 x 384 4.42 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 085 : A Pro's Work !
Level 085 : A Pro's Work 960 x 384 11.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 086 : Crash Level 086 : Crash 960 x 384 6.77 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 087 : See You Tomorrow !
Level 087 : See You Tomorrow !
960 x 384 11.5 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 088 : Flip And Flop Level 088 : Flip And Flop 960 x 384 13.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 089 : Triple Fork Level 089 : Triple Fork 960 x 384 2.74 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 090 : Know That_ Level 090 : Know That_ 960 x 384 2.41 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 091 : Voyager III Level 091 : Voyager III 960 x 384 13.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 092 : Ham And Cheese Sandwic Level 092 : Ham And Cheese Sandwic 960 x 384 13.3 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 093 : Timing !
Level 093 : Timing !
960 x 384 9.93 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 094 : Einstein's Favourite !
Level 094 : Einstein's Favourite !
960 x 384 3.27 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 095 : Good Luck Level 095 : Good Luck 960 x 384 10.6 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 096 : Cracker Level 096 : Cracker 960 x 384 4.85 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 097 : Good Job !
Level 097 : Good Job ! 960 x 384 10.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 098 : Mixed Salad Level 098 : Mixed Salad 960 x 384 13.0 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 099 : Joystick - Handling Level 099 : Joystick - Handling 960 x 384 9.55 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 100 : IQ !
Level 100 : IQ !
960 x 384 9.97 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 101 : On - Off ! Level 101 : On - Off! 960 x 384 13.5 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 102 : Sub-Effects Level 102 : Sub-Effects 960 x 384 11.0 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 103 : Know - How !
Level 103 : Know - How !
960 x 384 10.7 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 104 : Chaos Level 104 : Chaos 960 x 384 14.6 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 105 : One's Missing Level 105 : One's Missing 960 x 384 10.2 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 106 : Watch Out !!
Level 106 : Watch Out !!
960 x 384 9.58 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 107 : Find The Way !
Level 107 : Find The Way ! 960 x 384 12.2 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 108 : Sadism !
Level 108 : Sadism ! 960 x 384 13.8 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 109 : Upstairs - Downstairs Level 109 : Upstairs - Downstairs 960 x 384 6.15 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
Level 110 : Trouble Ahead Level 110 : Trouble Ahead 960 x 384 14.5 kB PNG ripped P - Storm
North Korean Currency Revalued , People Lost Savings
The government of North Korea has revalued , reissued and redenominated its currency from a ratio of 100 Won ( old ) to 1 Won ( new ) .
However you call the move , the people are the ones affected as millions of savings were figuratively and literally wiped out .
Businesses operating only in the local currency were closed during the one week period of blocked usage of the currency .
Only businesses with foreign currencies being used ( such as foreign exchange ) were able to continue trading .
Originally only a cap of 100,000
Won were allowed to be exchanged for the new notes .
The people however , demanded that more money be allowed to be exchanged .
The government raised the limit to 150,000 Won for cash and 300,000 for bank savings .
A citizen therefore with 150,000 Won will go home by the end of the week with just 1,500 won .
It has been speculated that the move was made to control price inflation , destroy fortunes of black market money traders and remove any kind of free enterprise .
The Won was last revalued in 1959 .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States will test its core missile defenses for the first time in January against a simulated long - range Iranian attack , a top Pentagon official said on Monday , amid tensions with Tehran .
Lt. Gen. Patrick O'Reilly , director of Missile Defense Agency , speaks during the 2009 Reuters Aerospace and Defense Summit in Washington December 14 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Hyungwon Kang
Speaking at the Reuters Aerospace and Defense Summit in Washington , Army Lieutenant General Patrick O’Reilly , the head of the Missile Defense Agency , said the roughly $ 150 million test was a departure from the more standard scenario of a North Korean attack .
It also would be more difficult testing the U.S. Ground - based Midcourse Defense ( GMD ) system against a missile that would be faster and more direct as it races toward the United States than a simulated strike from North Korea .
“ Previously , we have been testing the GMD system against a North Korean - type scenario , ” O’Reilly said .
“ This next test ... is more of a head - on shot like you would use defending against an Iranian shot into the United States .
So that ’s the first time that we ’re now testing in a different scenario . ”
His comments came the same day that diplomats disclosed concerns among intelligence agencies that Iran tested a key atomic bomb component as recently as 2007 .
The finding , if proven true , would clash with Iran ’s assertion that its nuclear work is for civilian use .
The test would fire an interceptor missile from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California at a simulated incoming missile , launched from the Marshall Islands in the Pacific Ocean .
An aide to O’Reilly estimated the cost at about $ 150 million .
Experts compare the simulation to a bullet hitting another bullet in space .
O’Reilly said the goal was to destroy the target over the north central Pacific when the missiles had a combined closing speed of more than 17,000 miles per hour .
“ Whenever we have a situation where we ’re taking on a missile more head on than from the side , that increases the challenges , ” O’Reilly said .
RUSSIA , JAPAN
U.S. President Barack Obama revamped the U.S. missile defense strategy for Europe in September to focus more on Iranian short - and medium - range missiles .
“ The development of that ( Iranian ) long - range threat has been slower than what was originally estimated , and the pace of the medium - range missiles is dramatically higher , ” he said .
Obama ’s revamp may clear the way for collaboration with Russia , which had fiercely opposed a Bush - era plan to put ground - based interceptors in Poland and a related radar system in the Czech Republic .
O’Reilly said Washington and Moscow were in regular contact to exchange ideas on possible collaboration .
“ We ’ve proposed a large number of ideas , starting with sharing data from their sensors and our sensors , moving all the way to cooperative development , cooperative testing and so forth , ” he said .
“ So they have expressed an interest , and shown it through subsequent technical working group meetings . ”
Turning to Japan , O’Reilly said that the new Japanese government had reaffirmed its commitment , in talks with him last month in Tokyo , to develop the next generation of SM - 3 interceptors .
Boeing
Co is the prime contractor for the GMD and Raytheon is the prime contractor for the SM - 3 .
“ I just recently returned from a joint review with the Japanese .
We are committed to that program and they have expressed that they remained committed , ” he said .
He said the new SM - 3 missile would be about twice the weight and twice the range of the previous generation .
“ And there are obviously opportunities for follow - on .
But right now we agreed we are focused on the development to ensure that is successful first , ” he said .
Well , everything is going to be LED , so what to do with those old boring lamps ?
WAIT !
Send it to Japan , I 'm sure they 'll come up with something fun and enjoyable for the whole family !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The top U.S. housing regulator said on Thursday it approved 2009 pay packages of up to $ 6 million each for the chief executives of government - controlled mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
A woman takes a brochure detailing how homeowners can make their mortgage payments more affordable at the Fannie Mae booth set up at the Housing Rescue Fair , part of the National Urban League 's Economic Empowerment Tour , in Dallas , Texas June 13 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
The approvals were part of a wider decision by the Federal Housing Finance Agency on executive salaries at both firms .
FHFA Acting Director Edward DeMarco said , on average , executive pay at the companies had dropped 40 percent from where it stood before the government seized them last year .
In filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the companies said Fannie Mae CEO Michael Williams and Freddie Mac CEO Charles Haldeman would each receive up to $ 6 million in total compensation for 2009 .
Freddie Mac said the same figure would apply to the Haldeman ’s pay package for next year , as well .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which play a role in funding three - fourths of all U.S. residential mortgages , were seized by the government and put into conservatorship in September 2008 at the peak of the credit crisis .
To continue playing that role in the U.S. mortgage market , Fannie and Freddie must “ attract and retain the talent needed to accomplish these objectives , ” DeMarco said .
The announcement came less than 24 hours after the Obama administration ’s pay czar , Kenneth Feinberg , approved millions of dollars in pay for top executives at GM and GMAC .
Feinberg oversees compensation plans at firms receiving money from the government ’s $ 700 billion financial rescue fund .
FHFA said the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac compensation plans use the same basic structure as the Feinberg plans and were approved in consultation with the U.S. Treasury .
Pay curbs imposed by Feinberg sent financial giants Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp rushing to exit the government bailout program to avoid compensation restrictions .
Fannie and Freddie do not have that luxury because the government now controls nearly 80 percent of each company .
HIGH BUT SHARP DEPARTURE FROM PAST
The CEO compensation packages are “ more than what is needed for them to serve their function , ” said Thomas Lawler , founder of Lawler Economic & Housing Consulting in Leesburg , Virginia .
“ To give to someone that much to just stay on makes you question just how critical they really are . ”
Still , the pay packages at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac represent a sharp departure from the practices in place at the height of the U.S. housing boom .
Former Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines was paid $ 91 million between 1998 and 2003 , some of which was clawed back in a settlement with regulators over his role in an accounting scandal at the company .
His successor , Daniel Mudd , was paid $ 13.4 million in 2007 .
Williams took the helm of Fannie Mae in April when the company ’s previous CEO , Herb Allison , took a job at the Treasury Department overseeing the financial bailout fund .
Allison , who had declined to take a salary while at Fannie Mae , now makes in the low six figures annually .
Haldeman took the Freddie Mac position in July and the company then disclosed he would be paid $ 900,000 in salary without disclosing other forms of compensation .
Haldeman is the former chief executive of Putnam Investments in Boston .
The companies and their regulator said the executive pay packages for 2009 and 2010 would consist of a base salary , performance - linked incentive pay and a deferred salary .
Denis Mukwege : Doctor dedicated to helping rape victims
The epidemic of sexual violence in Democratic Republic of Congo visits most of us in the form of statistics , like the 27,000 rapes reported in a single year in a single province , or the 70 per cent of the women of one town who had been brutally assaulted .
The crisis visits Dr Denis Mukwege in a different way .
It 's there every day in the waiting room of his surgery in Bukavu , the capital of South Kivu , the province where the first statistic was recorded .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
An average of 10 women come every day , sometimes from hundreds of miles away , having been subjected to some of the worst acts of sadism imaginable .
" It is important to point out that this sexual terrorism is done in a methodical manner , " the 53 - year - old told the US Senate last year .
" Generally the victims are raped by several men at a time , one after another ; in public , in front of parents , husbands , children or neighbours .
Rape is followed by mutilations or other corporal torture . "
In a country where sexual violence has reached levels never seen before and that no one can fully explain , Dr Mukwege is the man who has devoted his life to trying to repair the damage done to women often left for dead .
He was , for a long time , the only gynaecologist treating rape wounds in Congo .
At the Panzi hospital in Bukavu , he performs as many as half a dozen surgeries a day ; so far he has treated 21,000 women .
His pioneering work has helped thousands of these women reclaim something of their physical selves and begin to heal some of the psychological wounds .
A pastor 's son who saw at first hand the suffering of women in rural areas who would have to travel bleeding on the backs of donkeys when pregnancies went wrong , he decided to become a doctor .
After studying obstetrics and gynaecology in Angers , France , he returned to Lemera , Kivu , to set up a clinic .
This effort was burned to the ground in 1996 during the first civil war .
After settling in Bukavu to try again , he found that the maternity ward at Panzi was overrun by women who had been raped and that the numbers were growing .
Dr Mukwege 's response was to set up a ward for victims of sexual violence , and his work was recognised with the Olof Palme Prize last year , when he was also named African of the Year and given the UN human rights prize .
The doctor has repeatedly been asked to explain why the horrors are occurring in Congo but he limits himself to explaining what is happening .
" Here it is not rape because you have desire for a woman , it 's rape because you want to destroy that person through her private parts , " he said recently .
" There is no appropriate expression , because if these were men , were shot by a gun , we would call it genocide .
But it is another type of genocide . "
Daniel Howden
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Sima Samar : Working for Afghan families
Sima Samar has spent her life breaking through seemingly unbreachable barriers .
The first Hazara woman to obtain a degree in medicine from Kabul University , she now dedicates her life to the rights of women and children .
She is chairwoman of the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission and UN special rapporteur on human rights in Sudan .
For many years , she would have considered such roles impossible .
She started her work in 1984 after her husband disappeared at the hands of the Communist regime .
By 1987 , she had opened a hospital for women , and set up clinics and girls ' schools .
In all , she opened 10 clinics , four hospitals and schools for 17,000 , which put her in a perilous position after the Taliban seized control in the late 1990s .
But whatever obstacles she faces , Ms Samar remains determined .
" I 've always been in danger , but I do n't mind , " she once told the BBC .
Andrew Buncombe
Ghazi bin Muhammad : Philospher in search of peace
In the wake of 9/11 , Prince Ghazi bin Muhammad became an increasingly important player in religious dialogue .
A philosophy professor in Islamic faith at Jordan University , the Jordanian prince 's supporters said he deserved the award because he encourages debate on the relationship between Islam and other faiths .
In 2005 , he brought prominent Islamic scholars together to work out a " theological counter - attack " against terrorism , and he is regularly praised for his ability to emphasis similarities between East and West .
After Pope Benedict XVI 's 2006 lecture that was seen by many as an attack on Islam , the Cambridge - educated prince , left , was among prominent Islamic scholars to sign an influential letter entitled A Common Word Between
Us the following year .
" Without peace and justice between these two religious communities , " the letter read , " there can be no meaningful peace in the world " .
Miranda Bryant
Greg Mortenson : Mountaineer fighting Islamic extremism with education
It was a failed attempt to climb K2 in Pakistan in 1993 that set Greg Mortenson on a path that would take him almost to the humanitarian summit of the Nobel Peace Prize .
Exhausted from the climb , recovering in a remote village Mr Mortenson , left , met a group of children sitting in the dirt and writing with sticks in the sand .
He promised to build them a school .
It seemed , he says , a " rash " promise .
The story of what happened next is told in Mr Mortenson 's book , Three Cups of Tea : One Man 's Mission to Promote Peace ...
One School at a Time , a bestseller that is now required reading for military leaders as well as for humanitarians .
In the mountains of Pakistan and Afghanistan , many say , his work has been transformative .
His Central Asia Institute has built 84 schools in the region , educating mainly girls , and Mr Mortenson , 51 , has become a tireless advocate of the need to build human relationships with the Muslim world .
His mantra : politics wo n't bring peace , people will bring peace .
" These are secular schools that will bring a new generation of kids that will have a broader view of the world , " he says .
" We focus on areas where there is no education .
Religious extremism flourishes in areas of isolation and conflict . "
Born to two American humanitarian workers , during his own humanitarian career he has been kidnapped , shot at , and forced to deal with two fatwas issued against him by local clerics opposed to female education .
In 2009 alone , he has been awarded Pakistan 's highest civilian award , the Star of Pakistan , and a half dozen other humanitarian gongs but , for this year at least , he failed to land the biggest one of all .
Stephen Foley
Piedad Córdoba : Colombia 's ' woman of peace '
A few days before the Nobel Peace Prize winner was announced , Oslo 's International Peace Research Institute said the outspoken Colombian senator , Piedad Córdoba , was the favourite for the honour .
According to Kristian Berg Harpviken , the institute 's director , her work " eagerly advocating a peace process in her country " made her a major contender .
But not everyone loves Colombia 's " woman of peace " .
She has braved controversy , kidnap and assassination attempts for her politics , and her integral role in negotiating with the guerrilla group Farc has stirred both praise and anger .
Her achievements are , however , indisputable .
As head of Colombians For Peace , a group trying to put an end to the 45 - year conflict between the government and Farc , Ms Córdoba was the government 's official mediator in the humanitarian exchange discussions of 2007 , and she secured the release of 16 hostages .
One former captive , Alan Jara , the former governor of Colombia 's Meta state , called her " an angel who could carry me to freedom " .
Ms Córdoba 's nomination praised her for seeking a solution to the conflict .
It has sometimes been a dangerous calling .
In 1999 , she was kidnapped by paramilitaries before she was freed and exiled , with her family , to Canada .
Only 14 months later , she returned to resume her work .
The 54 - year - old former lawyer was born in Medellin , Antioquia , in north - western Colombia , to an Afro-Colombian father and a white mother .
Her political opponents maintain that she is too close to Farc , and when email correspondence with Ms Córdoba was found on the computer of a now - dead rebel leader , Raul Reyes , she was accused of complicity with the group .
Pictures of her meeting with Reyes drew further incriminations .
But , says Ms Córdoba , the conflict will be solved only if the guerrillas negotiate with people they trust .
" We have to finish this conflict with words and with dialogue , " she argues .
" If I have to return to the Farc and have a photo taken , I 'll do it again . "
Miranda Bryant
Wei Jingsheng :
The father of Chinese democracy
For a Chicago community organiser to rise far enough to receive the Nobel Prize is fairly remarkable ; had a former electrician at Beijing Zoo been so honoured , the recognition would have been truly extraordinary .
But Wei Jingsheng , above , has come far from that humble beginning : indeed , his nomination this year is the seventh he has received for his work fighting for democratic rights in China .
Now 59 , Mr Wei was once a convinced ideologue , who served as a Red Guard during the Cultural Revolution .
That view changed as he saw the reality of Chairman Mao Zedong 's China , and he became a committed democratic activist , who was jailed for 18 years until international pressure forced his release in 1997 .
His prison sentence was for taking part in the " Democracy Wall " movement in 1978 , when students and activists displayed uncensored news and dissenting opinions on a brick wall near Tiananmen Square , just as the Red Guards had done themselves in the universities early in the Cultural Revolution .
Mr Wei posted an article , The Fifth Modernisation , that became a famous dissident text .
" We want to be masters of our own destiny , " Mr Wei wrote .
" We need no gods or emperors . "
During imprisonment , he wrote open letters to the regime on toilet paper that were smuggled out and published , making him a figurehead for democratic campaigners .
He was released in 1993 but refused to be silenced .
That determination led to another jail sentence , this time for 14 years .
But by then , Mr Wei had powerful backers .
Bill Clinton intervened , and he was released in November 1997 and allowed to fly to the US on medical grounds , shorthand for exile .
His 1997 book , The Courage to Stand Alone : Letters from Prison and Other Writings , is seen as one of the classics of Chinese dissident literature .
Since those days , Mr Wei has won a string of major human rights awards for his work , and become known as " the father of Chinese democracy " .
But he is by no means the only Chinese dissident thought to have a chance of the Nobel , an option that may in the end have seemed too controversial for the committee .
Hu Jia has been imprisoned since 2007 for exposing government abuses and the plight of China 's Aids sufferers , and Rebiya Kadeer , the exiled leader of China 's Uighur minority , has led the fight for minority rights .
Clifford Coonan
ALBANY  Moody ’s Investors Service this week warned that the state ’s credit rating could be downgraded if the Legislature does not take serious steps to close the $ 3.2 billion budget gap and revenue continues to lag .
The warning , released on Thursday , comes as Gov. David A. Paterson presses lawmakers to come to a consensus on how to address the deficit after weeks of sputtering negotiations .
Mr. Paterson has urged reductions to schools and health care , which have long been third rails of state budget politics .
“ This is a lot more serious than the interests of some of the legislators who would rather go home and be heroes saying , ‘ Look , I did n’t cut school aid , ’ or ‘ Look , I did n’t cut health care , ’ ” Mr. Paterson said at a news conference Friday morning in Albany .
“ People had better get serious here . ”
In its statement , Moody ’s warned against one - time measures to close the gap , saying the state must address a stubborn reality :
It is spending more than its revenue will support .
Lawmakers , for example , have suggested that they may refinance the state ’s tobacco bonds and use the proceeds to plug the hole for now , until the economy improves .
Some 800,000 people were killed in Rwanda 's genocide
A Rwandan journalist who encouraged Hutus to slaughter Tutsis during the 1994 genocide has been jailed for life .
During her trial Valerie Bemeriki admitted to inciting violence .
In one broadcast attributed to her she told her listeners : " Do not kill those cockroaches with a bullet - cut them to pieces with a machete . "
She was one of the most prominent voices of Radio Mille Collines - a station which became notorious for its encouragement of the slaughter .
The station was launched in 1993 , backed by relatives of Hutu President Juvenal Habyarimana - whose death in a plane crash helped to trigger the genocide .
Two senior executives of Radio Milles Collines have previously been sentenced to long jail terms by the UN's Rwanda tribunal , based in Arusha , Tanzania .
About 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus were slaughtered in 100 days in Rwanda .
A local court convicted Bemeriki of planning genocide , inciting Hutus , and complicity in several murders .
Add ING analyst Rob Carnell to the list of folks that just refuses to believe Friday 's shocking unemployment report .
His basic contention , via FT Alphaville , is that the report was too good to be true , ergo it must not be true .
In our view , the only potential fly in the ointment of this labour report is how believable it is .
Payrolls has been making very , very slow progress in recent months , and such a dramatic turnaround will raise eyebrows , and may not be taken at face value by many .
An improvement in the payrolls series always looked on the cards from last month .
But most of the labour market data in the run up to this release had been consistent only with a very small step forward , so we may need to see this backed up again next month before concern about the labour market can really be filed away as ‘ last year ’s worries ’ .
Further support for the turnaround in the employment sector came from hours worked - which gained 0.2 hours on the month , helping to push weekly earnings higher .
Hourly earnings continued to decline and now stand at only 2.2 % YoY .
But they lag employment growth by up to two years , so it would be a bit early to expect much improvement here .
In contrast to the weak November non-manufacturing ISM survey ’s employment index yesterday , which registered only a small increase from very low levels , the service sector apparently generated 58 K jobs in November .
Strong gains in temporary help jobs ( usually a retail sector phenomenon ) were a big factor here , so anecdotal reports of relatively soft retail sales in November may see some of these jobs rapidly removed after the end of the year , once sales have finished ( if demand does not improve ) .
We are also slightly curious about the apparent surge in government jobs , which on revision have risen by more than 50 K in the last two months .
When state and local finances are in such a deep mess , even the Obama fiscal package is unlikely to have generated this rapid turnaround in the public sector .
More believably , goods producing , construction and manufacturing jobs all saw continued large falls .
The European Union has long debated the merits of Turkish EU membership .
But now , nearly a decade after Islamists took the reins of power in Ankara , the central question is no longer whether Turkey should be integrated into Europe 's economic and political structure , but rather whether Turkey should remain a part of the Western defense structure .
Recent developments suggest that while Turkey 's military leadership remains committed to the state 's secular , Western orientation and ...
Officials gather in Copenhagen this week for an international climate summit , but business leaders are focusing even more on Washington , where the Obama administration is expected as early as Monday to formally declare carbon dioxide a dangerous pollutant .
An " endangerment " finding by the Environmental Protection Agency could pave the way for the government to require businesses that emit carbon dioxide and five other greenhouse gases to make costly changes in machinery to reduce emissions -- even if Congress does n't pass ...
I am no fan of Deepak Chopra .
For years he has gone on TV , in print , and in his books , peddling all manners of nonsense .
Here 's a quick reality check : if his claims of " quantum healing " are correct , why is he getting older ?
Anyway , he has gone to the very font of new age nonsense , the Huffington Post , to spew more woo : he 's written an article about why skepticism is bad .
It 's almost a bullet - pointed list of logical fallacies .
About the " poison darts " of criticism :
Most of my stinging darts come from skeptics .
Over the years I 've found that ill - tempered guardians of scientific truth can't abide speculative thinking .
< sarcasm > Yes , because scientists have no imaginations and cannot come up with original thoughts .</ sarcasm >
But wait , he 's not done !
Pandering to religious people :
Since the skeptics who write venomous blogs trust in nothing , I imagine that God will outlive them .
Oops .
He 's confused trust and faith .
Not surprising , since he 's confused about a lot of stuff :
No skeptic , to my knowledge , ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others .
Typically they sit by the side of the road with a sign that reads " You 're Wrong " so that every passerby , whether an Einstein , Gandhi , Newton , or Darwin , can gain the benefit of their illuminated skepticism .
That first line trembles on the very edge of being a blatant and gross lie .
Given that Einstein was a skeptic , Darwin was a skeptic , Sagan was a skeptic , Feynman , Gould , and thousands of other scientists are skeptics , what he said is simply ridiculous .
Edward Jenner , I think , could arguably have advanced the welfare of others , having invented the vaccine , which has saved hundreds of millions of lives over the years .
How many has Chopra saved ?
And , in fact , almost all advances in science are done by skeptics ; true believers are the ones who do n't have the motivation to innovate .
But the moonbeam spinning continues :
It never occurs to skeptics that a sense of wonder is paramount , even for scientists .
Especially for scientists .
Yes , thankfully he informed me of my lack of a sense of wonder .
Sheesh .
Go to any blog post I 've written in the " Pretty pictures " category and be stunned by my lack of wonder and awe at the natural universe around us .
And then he makes his biggest mistake , one that is all - too - common by people who think skepticism is the same thing as cynicism :
Skeptics know in advance -- or think they know -- what right thought is .
Bzzzzt ! WRONG .
We do n't know necessarily what the right thought is .
But we do know when we see a failure in the process of thinking .
And in the case of one Deepak Chopra , that failure is lit up like a neon sign and draped in the open for all to see ... if they 're willing to think about it .
I got 2 used shirts ( smelled like BO ) and a VHS copy of " Buns of Steel 3 " .
While this is funny I was disappointed since I at least put a little effort into my gift .
How To FailScrew ups , disasters , misfires , flops .
Why losing big can be a winning strategy .
Accept Defeat : The Neuroscience of Screwing UpStay in the Game : The Fall and Rise of Alec BaldwinLearn to Let Go : How Success Killed Duke NukemTime Your Attack : Oracle 's Lost RevolutionMy Greatest Mistake : Learn From Six LuminariesAccidental Art : Three Alternate Histories
It all started with the sound of static .
In May 1964 , two astronomers at Bell Labs , Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson , were using a radio telescope in suburban New Jersey to search the far reaches of space .
Their aim was to make a detailed survey of radiation in the Milky Way , which would allow them to map those vast tracts of the universe devoid of bright stars .
This meant that Penzias and Wilson needed a receiver that was exquisitely sensitive , able to eavesdrop on all the emptiness .
And so they had retrofitted an old radio telescope , installing amplifiers and a calibration system to make the signals coming from space just a little bit louder .
But they made the scope too sensitive .
Whenever Penzias and Wilson aimed their dish at the sky , they picked up a persistent background noise , a static that interfered with all of their observations .
It was an incredibly annoying technical problem , like listening to a radio station that keeps cutting out .
At first , they assumed the noise was man-made , an emanation from nearby New York City .
But when they pointed their telescope straight at Manhattan , the static did n't increase .
Another possibility was that the sound was due to fallout from recent nuclear bomb tests in the upper atmosphere .
But that did n't make sense either , since the level of interference remained constant , even as the fallout dissipated .
And then there were the pigeons : A pair of birds were roosting in the narrow part of the receiver , leaving a trail of what they later described as " white dielectric material . "
The scientists evicted the pigeons and scrubbed away their mess , but the static remained , as loud as ever .
For the next year , Penzias and Wilson tried to ignore the noise , concentrating on observations that did n't require cosmic silence or perfect precision .
They put aluminum tape over the metal joints , kept the receiver as clean as possible , and hoped that a shift in the weather might clear up the interference .
They waited for the seasons to change , and then change again , but the noise always remained , making it impossible to find the faint radio echoes they were looking for .
Their telescope was a failure .
Kevin Dunbar is a researcher who studies how scientists study things — how they fail and succeed .
In the early 1990s , he began an unprecedented research project : observing four biochemistry labs at Stanford University .
Philosophers have long theorized about how science happens , but Dunbar wanted to get beyond theory .
He was n't satisfied with abstract models of the scientific method — that seven - step process we teach schoolkids before the science fair — or the dogmatic faith scientists place in logic and objectivity .
Dunbar knew that scientists often do n't think the way the textbooks say they are supposed to .
He suspected that all those philosophers of science — from Aristotle to Karl Popper — had missed something important about what goes on in the lab .
( As Richard Feynman famously quipped , " Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds . " )
So Dunbar decided to launch an " in vivo " investigation , attempting to learn from the messiness of real experiments .
He ended up spending the next year staring at postdocs and test tubes :
The researchers were his flock , and he was the ornithologist .
Dunbar brought tape recorders into meeting rooms and loitered in the hallway ; he read grant proposals and the rough drafts of papers ; he peeked at notebooks , attended lab meetings , and videotaped interview after interview .
He spent four years analyzing the data .
" I 'm not sure I appreciated what I was getting myself into , " Dunbar says .
" I asked for complete access , and I got it .
But there was just so much to keep track of . "
Dunbar came away from his in vivo studies with an unsettling insight : Science is a deeply frustrating pursuit .
Although the researchers were mostly using established techniques , more than 50 percent of their data was unexpected .
( In some labs , the figure exceeded 75 percent . )
" The scientists had these elaborate theories about what was supposed to happen , " Dunbar says .
" But the results kept contradicting their theories .
It was n't uncommon for someone to spend a month on a project and then just discard all their data because the data did n't make sense . "
Perhaps they hoped to see a specific protein but it was n't there .
Or maybe their DNA sample showed the presence of an aberrant gene .
The details always changed , but the story remained the same :
The scientists were looking for X , but they found Y .
Dunbar was fascinated by these statistics .
The scientific process , after all , is supposed to be an orderly pursuit of the truth , full of elegant hypotheses and control variables .
( Twentieth - century science philosopher Thomas Kuhn , for instance , defined normal science as the kind of research in which " everything but the most esoteric detail of the result is known in advance . " )
However , when experiments were observed up close — and Dunbar interviewed the scientists about even the most trifling details — this idealized version of the lab fell apart , replaced by an endless supply of disappointing surprises .
There were models that did n't work and data that could n't be replicated and simple studies riddled with anomalies .
" These were n't sloppy people , " Dunbar says .
" They were working in some of the finest labs in the world .
But experiments rarely tell us what we think they 're going to tell us .
That 's the dirty secret of science . "
Experiments rarely tell us what we expect .
That 's the dirty secret of science , © Christopher Wahl
How did the researchers cope with all this unexpected data ?
How did they deal with so much failure ?
Dunbar realized that the vast majority of people in the lab followed the same basic strategy .
First , they would blame the method .
The surprising finding was classified as a mere mistake ; perhaps a machine malfunctioned or an enzyme had gone stale .
" The scientists were trying to explain away what they did n't understand , " Dunbar says .
" It 's as if they did n't want to believe it . "
The experiment would then be carefully repeated .
Sometimes , the weird blip would disappear , in which case the problem was solved .
But the weirdness usually remained , an anomaly that would n't go away .
This is when things get interesting .
According to Dunbar , even after scientists had generated their " error " multiple times — it was a consistent inconsistency — they might fail to follow it up .
" Given the amount of unexpected data in science , it 's just not feasible to pursue everything , " Dunbar says .
" People have to pick and choose what 's interesting and what 's not , but they often choose badly . "
And so the result was tossed aside , filed in a quickly forgotten notebook .
The scientists had discovered a new fact , but they called it a failure .
The reason we 're so resistant to anomalous information — the real reason researchers automatically assume that every unexpected result is a stupid mistake — is rooted in the way the human brain works .
Over the past few decades , psychologists have dismantled the myth of objectivity .
The fact is , we carefully edit our reality , searching for evidence that confirms what we already believe .
Although we pretend we 're empiricists — our views dictated by nothing but the facts — we 're actually blinkered , especially when it comes to information that contradicts our theories .
The problem with science , then , is n't that most experiments fail — it 's that most failures are ignored .
As he tried to further understand how people deal with dissonant data , Dunbar conducted some experiments of his own .
In one 2003 study , he had undergraduates at Dartmouth College watch a couple of short videos of two different - size balls falling .
The first clip showed the two balls falling at the same rate .
The second clip showed the larger ball falling at a faster rate .
The footage was a reconstruction of the famous ( and probably apocryphal ) experiment performed by Galileo , in which he dropped cannonballs of different sizes from the Tower of Pisa .
Galileo 's metal balls all landed at the exact same time — a refutation of Aristotle , who claimed that heavier objects fell faster .
While the students were watching the footage , Dunbar asked them to select the more accurate representation of gravity .
Not surprisingly , undergraduates without a physics background disagreed with Galileo .
( Intuitively , we 're all Aristotelians . )
They found the two balls falling at the same rate to be deeply unrealistic , despite the fact that it 's how objects actually behave .
Furthermore , when Dunbar monitored the subjects in an fMRI machine , he found that showing non-physics majors the correct video triggered a particular pattern of brain activation :
There was a squirt of blood to the anterior cingulate cortex , a collar of tissue located in the center of the brain .
The ACC is typically associated with the perception of errors and contradictions — neuroscientists often refer to it as part of the " Oh shit ! " circuit — so it makes sense that it would be turned on when we watch a video of something that seems wrong .
So far , so obvious : Most undergrads are scientifically illiterate .
But Dunbar also conducted the experiment with physics majors .
As expected , their education enabled them to see the error , and for them it was the inaccurate video that triggered the ACC .
But there 's another region of the brain that can be activated as we go about editing reality .
It 's called the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex , or DLPFC .
It 's located just behind the forehead and is one of the last brain areas to develop in young adults .
It plays a crucial role in suppressing so - called unwanted representations , getting rid of those thoughts that do n't square with our preconceptions .
For scientists , it 's a problem .
When physics students saw the Aristotelian video with the aberrant balls , their DLPFCs kicked into gear and they quickly deleted the image from their consciousness .
In most contexts , this act of editing is an essential cognitive skill .
( When the DLPFC is damaged , people often struggle to pay attention , since they can't filter out irrelevant stimuli . )
However , when it comes to noticing anomalies , an efficient prefrontal cortex can actually be a serious liability .
The DLPFC is constantly censoring the world , erasing facts from our experience .
If the ACC is the " Oh shit ! " circuit , the DLPFC is the Delete key .
When the ACC and DLPFC " turn on together , people are n't just noticing that something does n't look right , " Dunbar says .
" They 're also inhibiting that information . "
The lesson is that not all data is created equal in our mind 's eye :
When it comes to interpreting our experiments , we see what we want to see and disregard the rest .
The physics students , for instance , did n't watch the video and wonder whether Galileo might be wrong .
Instead , they put their trust in theory , tuning out whatever it could n't explain .
Belief , in other words , is a kind of blindness .
How to Learn From Failure
Too often , we assume that a failed experiment is a wasted effort .
But not all anomalies are useless .
Here 's how to make the most of them .
— J.L .
1
__Check Your Assumptions__Ask yourself why this result feels like a failure .
What theory does it contradict ?
Maybe the hypothesis failed , not the experiment .
2
__Seek Out the Ignorant__Talk to people who are unfamiliar with your experiment .
Explaining your work in simple terms may help you see it in a new light .
3
__Encourage Diversity__If everyone working on a problem speaks the same language , then everyone has the same set of assumptions .
4
__Beware of Failure - Blindness__It's normal to filter out information that contradicts our preconceptions .
The only way to avoid that bias is to be aware of it .
But this research raises an obvious question :
If humans — scientists included — are apt to cling to their beliefs , why is science so successful ?
How do our theories ever change ?
How do we learn to reinterpret a failure so we can see the answer ?
This was the challenge facing Penzias and Wilson as they tinkered with their radio telescope .
Their background noise was still inexplicable , but it was getting harder to ignore , if only because it was always there .
After a year of trying to erase the static , after assuming it was just a mechanical malfunction , an irrelevant artifact , or pigeon guano , Penzias and Wilson began exploring the possibility that it was real .
Perhaps it was everywhere for a reason .
In 1918 , sociologist Thorstein Veblen was commissioned by a popular magazine devoted to American Jewry to write an essay on how Jewish " intellectual productivity " would be changed if Jews were given a homeland .
At the time , Zionism was becoming a potent political movement , and the magazine editor assumed that Veblen would make the obvious argument : A Jewish state would lead to an intellectual boom , as Jews would no longer be held back by institutional anti-Semitism .
But Veblen , always the provocateur , turned the premise on its head .
He argued instead that the scientific achievements of Jews — at the time , Albert Einstein was about to win the Nobel Prize and Sigmund Freud was a best - selling author — were due largely to their marginal status .
In other words , persecution was n't holding the Jewish community back — it was pushing it forward .
The reason , according to Veblen , was that Jews were perpetual outsiders , which filled them with a " skeptical animus . "
Because they had no vested interest in " the alien lines of gentile inquiry , " they were able to question everything , even the most cherished of assumptions .
Just look at Einstein , who did much of his most radical work as a lowly patent clerk in Bern , Switzerland .
According to Veblen 's logic , if Einstein had gotten tenure at an elite German university , he would have become just another physics professor with a vested interest in the space - time status quo .
He would never have noticed the anomalies that led him to develop the theory of relativity .
Predictably , Veblen 's essay was potentially controversial , and not just because he was a Lutheran from Wisconsin .
The magazine editor evidently was not pleased ; Veblen could be seen as an apologist for anti-Semitism .
But his larger point is crucial :
There are advantages to thinking on the margin .
When we look at a problem from the outside , we 're more likely to notice what does n't work .
Instead of suppressing the unexpected , shunting it aside with our " Oh shit ! " circuit and Delete key , we can take the mistake seriously .
A new theory emerges from the ashes of our surprise .
Modern science is populated by expert insiders , schooled in narrow disciplines .
Researchers have all studied the same thick textbooks , which make the world of fact seem settled .
This led Kuhn , the philosopher of science , to argue that the only scientists capable of acknowledging the anomalies — and thus shifting paradigms and starting revolutions — are " either very young or very new to the field . "
In other words , they are classic outsiders , naive and untenured .
They are n't inhibited from noticing the failures that point toward new possibilities .
But Dunbar , who had spent all those years watching Stanford scientists struggle and fail , realized that the romantic narrative of the brilliant and perceptive newcomer left something out .
After all , most scientific change is n't abrupt and dramatic ; revolutions are rare .
Instead , the epiphanies of modern science tend to be subtle and obscure and often come from researchers safely ensconced on the inside .
" These are n't Einstein figures , working from the outside , " Dunbar says .
" These are the guys with big NIH grants . "
How do they overcome failure - blindness ?
While the scientific process is typically seen as a lonely pursuit — researchers solve problems by themselves —
Dunbar found that most new scientific ideas emerged from lab meetings , those weekly sessions in which people publicly present their data .
Interestingly , the most important element of the lab meeting was n't the presentation — it was the debate that followed .
Dunbar observed that the skeptical ( and sometimes heated ) questions asked during a group session frequently triggered breakthroughs , as the scientists were forced to reconsider data they 'd previously ignored .
The new theory was a product of spontaneous conversation , not solitude ; a single bracing query was enough to turn scientists into temporary outsiders , able to look anew at their own work .
But not every lab meeting was equally effective .
Dunbar tells the story of two labs that both ran into the same experimental problem :
The proteins they were trying to measure were sticking to a filter , making it impossible to analyze the data .
" One of the labs was full of people from different backgrounds , " Dunbar says .
" They had biochemists and molecular biologists and geneticists and students in medical school . "
The other lab , in contrast , was made up of E. coli experts .
" They knew more about E. coli than anyone else , but that was what they knew , " he says .
Dunbar watched how each of these labs dealt with their protein problem .
The E. coli group took a brute - force approach , spending several weeks methodically testing various fixes .
" It was extremely inefficient , " Dunbar says .
" They eventually solved it , but they wasted a lot of valuable time . "
The diverse lab , in contrast , mulled the problem at a group meeting .
None of the scientists were protein experts , so they began a wide - ranging discussion of possible solutions .
At first , the conversation seemed rather useless .
But then , as the chemists traded ideas with the biologists and the biologists bounced ideas off the med students , potential answers began to emerge .
" After another 10 minutes of talking , the protein problem was solved , " Dunbar says .
" They made it look easy . "
When Dunbar reviewed the transcripts of the meeting , he found that the intellectual mix generated a distinct type of interaction in which the scientists were forced to rely on metaphors and analogies to express themselves .
( That 's because , unlike the E. coli group , the second lab lacked a specialized language that everyone could understand . )
These abstractions proved essential for problem - solving , as they encouraged the scientists to reconsider their assumptions .
Having to explain the problem to someone else forced them to think , if only for a moment , like an intellectual on the margins , filled with self - skepticism .
This is why other people are so helpful :
They shock us out of our cognitive box .
" I saw this happen all the time , " Dunbar says .
" A scientist would be trying to describe their approach , and they'd be getting a little defensive , and then they'd get this quizzical look on their face .
It was like they 'd finally understood what was important . "
What turned out to be so important , of course , was the unexpected result , the experimental error that felt like a failure .
The answer had been there all along — it was just obscured by the imperfect theory , rendered invisible by our small - minded brain .
It 's not until we talk to a colleague or translate our idea into an analogy that we glimpse the meaning in our mistake .
Bob Dylan , in other words , was right :
There 's no success quite like failure .
For the radio astronomers , the breakthrough was the result of a casual conversation with an outsider .
Penzias had been referred by a colleague to Robert Dicke , a Princeton scientist whose training had been not in astrophysics but nuclear physics .
He was best known for his work on radar systems during World War II .
Dicke had since become interested in applying his radar technology to astronomy ; he was especially drawn to a then - strange theory called the big bang , which postulated that the cosmos had started with a primordial explosion .
Such a blast would have been so massive , Dicke argued , that it would have littered the entire universe with cosmic shrapnel , the radioactive residue of genesis .
( This proposal was first made in 1948 by physicists George Gamow , Ralph Alpher , and Robert Herman , although it had been largely forgotten by the astronomical community . )
The problem for Dicke was that he could n't find this residue using standard telescopes , so he was planning to build his own dish less than an hour 's drive south of the Bell Labs one .
Then , in early 1965 , Penzias picked up the phone and called Dicke .
He wanted to know if the renowned radar and radio telescope expert could help explain the persistent noise bedeviling them .
Perhaps he knew where it was coming from ?
Dicke 's reaction was instantaneous : " Boys , we 've been scooped ! " he said .
Someone else had found what he'd been searching for : the radiation left over from the beginning of the universe .
It had been an incredibly frustrating process for Penzias and Wilson .
They 'd been consumed by the technical problem and had spent way too much time cleaning up pigeon shit — but they had finally found an explanation for the static .
Their failure was the answer to a different question .
And all that frustration paid off :
In 1978 , they received the Nobel Prize for physics .
Contributing editor Jonah Lehrer ( jonah.lehrer@gmail.com ) wrote about how our friends affect our health in issue 17.10 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US manufacturer of one of the UK's best - selling toys this Christmas has insisted the product is safe .
Cepia rejects claims from US consumer organisation GoodGuide that a chemical found on one of its Go Go Hamsters toys was at possibly dangerous levels .
The firm also said that the Mr Squiggles toy had passed " the most rigorous testing in the toy industry " .
GoodGuide had alleged that the toy had more than the allowed level of the metal antimony .
Professor Dara O'Rourke , from GoodGuide , said antimony " has potential health hazards related to it which , if ingested in high enough levels can lead to cancer , reproductive health and other human health hazards " .
I have been in the toy industry for more than 35 years , and being a father of children myself , I would never allow any substandard or unsafe product to hit the shelves
Russ Hornsby , Cepia
The £ 9.99 battery - powered furry toy - which whizzes about the floor and squeaks when its nose is poked - has been one of the most in - demand children 's gifts in the UK this Christmas , with several major retailers reporting shortages .
Character Options , the UK distributor of Go Go Pets - made in China and sold worldwide as Zhu Zhu Pets - also said the popular toy is safe and has been tested and passed by all relevant safety standards .
Russ Hornsby , the chief executive officer of Cepia said : " We are disputing the findings of GoodGuide and we are 100 % confident that Mr Squiggles , and all other Zhu Zhu Toys , are safe and compliant with all US and European standards for consumer health and safety in toys .
" We are contacting the GoodGuide people at this moment to share with them all of our Mr Squiggles and Zhu Zhu Pet testing data so we can get to the bottom of how their report was founded . "
' Safety ratified '
Mr Hornsby said he wanted to assure anyone thinking of buying either the Mr Squiggles toy or any other of its Zhu Zhu Pet range that the toys are " 100 % safe and in compliance with all US and European toy safety standards .
" I have been in the toy industry for more than 35 years , and being a father of children myself , I would never allow any substandard or unsafe product to hit the shelves .
That 's why we always test to not only meet but also exceed safety standards . "
The Go Go Hamsters toy is proving to be popular among children
In addition , Character Options said that as part of its standard due diligence , the toy has been tested on three separate occasions by the company 's own safety experts and found to fully comply with all EU standards .
Jon Diver , managing director for Character Options , said : " Character Options is confident that Mr Squiggles and all the toys in the Go Go Pets collection are completely safe .
" The pets are tested in independent accredited laboratories during the manufacture and again before shipment through our own internal diligence programme .
Their safety has always been ratified . "
The company said that the toy had been further tested on three separate occasions by its own safety experts and also said it was found to fully comply with all EU standards .
As well as Mr Squiggles , there are three other models of the toy pet - Chunk , Num Nums and Pipsqueak .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Autism , a brain disorder that interferes with communication and social skills , affected an estimated one in 110 American 8 - year - olds in 2006 , according to a federal study released Friday .
A mother holds her child in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention looked at the medical diagnoses of 307,790 children who were age 8 in 2006 .
They found 2,757 , or 0.9 percent , had been diagnosed with autism .
The CDC team found that autism cases were four to five times higher among boys than girls , with 1 in 70 boys and 1 in 315 girls identified .
The overall ratio is far higher than previous estimates that the incurable family of conditions affected 1 in 150 U.S. children .
A few decades ago autism was thought to be rare .
The average increase since 2002 for boys was 60 percent while the average increase for girls was 48 percent , the study said .
The CDC also found autism was far more common among non-Hispanic white children , but found increases in autism among all racial groups included in the review .
Researchers reported a 55 percent increase in autism for white children , 41 for black children and 90 percent among Hispanic children .
Estimates of increases for Asian / Pacific Islander children ranged from 1.0 percent to 16.2 percent , the CDC said .
‘ BETTER DETECTION ’
The CDC ’s Catherine Rice , who led the study , said there was no single factor behind the rising numbers of the brain disease .
“ Some of the increases are due to better detection , particularly among children who may not have come to attention in the past -- including girls , Hispanic children and children without cognitive impairment , ” Rice told reporters .
But she said something may be happening to make autism more common as well .
The researchers said most children with autism showed symptoms before age three , but identification is often not made until later .
The CDC study found the average age of diagnosis was 4 - 1/ 2 years .
The study analyzed data collected from 11 Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network sites -- in Alabama , Arizona , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Maryland , Missouri , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , and Wisconsin .
There is no cure for autism , a spectrum of diseases ranging from severe and profound inability to communicate and mental retardation to relatively mild symptoms .
But experts believe intensive , early treatment can help many children with the disorder .
“ Before the 1980s , the term ‘ autism ’ was used primarily to refer to autistic disorder and was thought to be rare , affecting approximately one in every 2,000 children , ” the researchers wrote .
Parents and advocates have been alarmed by the rise in numbers since then , although some of the increase could be attributed to changes in diagnosis and classification .
The advocacy group Autism Speaks called on the U.S. government to step up its efforts to develop treatments .
“ We need meaningful action now that acknowledges the scope of this problem and allocates the resources necessary to take the fight against autism to a new level , ” co-founder Bob Wright said in a statement .
Autism research is due for a large infusion of money from President Barack Obama ’s $ 5 billion plan to boost U.S. medical and scientific research .
“ There ’s a multi - pronged approach going on because we know that there is no single cause for autism .
We ’re not going to find the one answer , ” the CDC ’s Rice said .
Autism researchers are looking at a broad range of potential environmental factors , including household products , medical treatments , diet , food supplements and infections .
Some recent studies have found strong evidence of several genetic causes for autism .
Pfizer Inc , the world ’s largest drugmaker , announced in July that it has begun developing treatments for autism .
Posted on December 29 , 2009 in Videos
Key quote :
MATT TAIBBI : My feeling on it is just looking more concretely at the health care problem , this is a bill that to me does n’t address the two biggest problems with the health care crisis .
One is the inefficiency and the bureaucracy and the paperwork which it does n’t address at all .
It does n’t standardize anything .
The other is price , which has now fallen by the wayside because there ’s no going to be no public option that ’s going to drive down prices .
So , if a health care bill that does n’t address those two problems , to me , is — and additionally is a big give - away to the insurance companies because it provides , you know — it creates this new customer base , it ’s something I personally could n’t vote for .
MATT TAIBBI : Most people that I ’ve talked to have taken one of two positions on this .
One is that Obama was naïve , that he does n’t know a whole about the financial services industry , and he felt the need to rely upon people who ’d been there before , people who ’ve had these jobs before , and you know , who have this expertise .
And there ’s another school of thought that look , he took more money from Wall Street than any other presidential candidate in history .
Goldman Sachs was his number one private campaign contributor .
And if you just look at the evidence , it ’s just really business as usual .
This is what the Democratic Party has done since the mid-’80s .
They ’ve relied heavily on the financial services industry to fund their campaigns .
And it ’s the quid pro quo .
They gave a lot of money to help these guys run , and in return , they get the big jobs , you know , in the White House .
And the full transcript below :
BILL MOYERS : Something ’s not right here .
One year after the great collapse of our financial system , Wall Street is back on top while our politicians dither .
As for health care reform , you ’re about to be forced to buy insurance from companies whose stock is soaring , and that ’s just dandy with the White House .
Truth is , our capitol ’s being looted , republicans are acting like the town rowdies , the sheriff is firing blanks , and powerful Democrats in Congress are in cahoots with the gang that ’s pulling the heist .
This is not capitalism at work .
It ’s capital .
Raw money , mounds of it , buying politicians and policy as if they were futures on the hog market .
Here to talk about all this are two journalists who do n’t pull their punches .
Robert Kuttner is an economist who helped create and now co-edits the progressive magazine The American Prospect and the author of the book Obama ’s Challenge , among others .
Also with me is Matt Taibbi , who covers politics for Rolling Stone magazine where he is a contributing editor .
He ’s made a name for himself writing in a no-holds - barred , often profane , but always informative and stimulating style that gets under the skin of the powerful .
His most recent article is “ Obama ’s Big Sellout , ” about the President ’s team of economic advisers and their Wall Street connections .
It ’s been burning up the blogosphere .
Welcome to both of you .
BILL MOYERS : Let ’s start with some news .
Some of the big insurance companies , Well Point , Cigna , United Health , all surged to a 52 week high in their share prices this week when it was clear there ’d be no public option in the health care bill going through Congress right now .
What does that tell you , Matt ?
MATT TAIBBI : Well , I think what most people should take away from this is that the massive subsidies for health insurance companies have been preserved while it ’s also expanded their customer base because there ’s an individual mandate in the bill that ’s going to provide all these companies with the , you know , 25 or 30 million new people who are going to be paying for health insurance .
So , it ’s , obviously , a huge boon to that industry .
And I think Wall Street correctly read what the health care effort is all about .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Rahm Emanuel , the President ’s Chief of Staff , was Bill Clinton ’s Political Director .
And Rahm Emanuel ’s take away from Bill Clinton ’s failure to get health insurance passed was ‘ do n’t get on the wrong side of the insurance companies . ’
So their strategy was cut a deal with the insurance companies , the drug industry going in .
And the deal was , we ’re not going to attack your customer base , we ’re going to subsidize a new customer base .
And that script was pre-cooked so it ’s not surprising that this is what comes out the other side .
BILL MOYERS : So are you saying that this , what some call a sweetheart deal between the pharmaceutical industry and the White House , done many months ago before this fight really began , was because the drug company money in the Democratic Party ?
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Well , it ’s two things .
Part of it was we need to do whatever it takes to get a bill .
Never mind whether it ’s a really good bill , let ’s get a bill passed so we can claim that we solved health insurance .
Secondly , let ’s get the drug industry and the insurance industry either supporting us or not actively opposing us .
So that there was some skirmishing around the details , but the deal going in was that the administration , drug companies , insurance companies are on the same team .
Now , that ’s one way to get legislation , it ’s not a way to transform the health system .
Once the White House made this deal with the insurance companies , the public option was never going to be anything more than a fig leaf .
And over the summer and the fall , it got whittled down , whittled down , whittled down to almost nothing and now it ’s really nothing .
MATT TAIBBI : Yeah , and this was Howard Dean ’s point this week was that this individual mandate that ’s going to force people to become customers of private health insurance companies , the Democrats are going to end up owning that policy and it ’s going to be extremely unpopular and it ’s going to be theirs for a generation .
It ’s going to be an albatross around the neck of this party .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Think about it , the difference between social insurance and an individual mandate is this .
Social insurance everybody pays for it through their taxes , so you do n’t think of Social Security as a compulsory individual mandate .
You think of it as a benefit , as a protection that your government provides .
But an individual mandate is an order to you to go out and buy some product from some private profit - making company , that in the case of a lot of moderate income people , you ca n’t afford to buy .
And the shell game here is that the affordable policies are either very high deductibles and co-pays , so you can afford the monthly premiums but then when you get sick , you have to pay a small fortune out of pocket before the coverage kicks in .
Or if the coverage is decent , the premiums are unaffordable .
And so here ’s the government doing the bidding of the private industry coercing people to buy profit - making products that maybe they can’t afford and they call it health reform .
BILL MOYERS : So explain this to the visitor from Mars .
I mean , just this week , the Washington Post and ABC News had a poll showing that the American public supports the Medicare buy - in that -
ROBERT KUTTNER : Right .
BILL MOYERS : By a margin of some 30 points -
ROBERT KUTTNER : Right .
BILL MOYERS : And yet , it went down like a lead balloon .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Look , there are two ways , if you ’re the President of the United States sizing up a situation like this that you can try and create reform .
One is to say , well , the interest groups are so powerful that the only thing I can do is I can work with them and move the ball a few yards , get some incremental reform , hope it turns into something better .
The other way you can do it is to try to rally the people against the special interests and play on the fact that the insurance industry , the drug industry , are not going to win any popularity contests with the American people .
And you , as the president , be the champion of the people against the special interests .
That ’s the course that Obama ’s chosen not to pursue .
MATT TAIBBI : And I think , you know , a lot of what the Democrats are doing , they do n’t make sense if you look at it from an objective point of view , but if you look at it as a business strategy - if you look at the Democratic Party as a business , and their job is basically to raise campaign funds and to stay in power , what they do makes a lot of sense .
They have a consistent strategy which involves negotiating a fine line between sentiment on the left and the interests of the industries that they ’re out there to protect .
And they ’ve always , kind of , taken that fork in the road and gone right down the middle of the line .
And they ’re doing that with this health care bill and that ’s- it ’s consistent .
BILL MOYERS : If you were Republican , would n’t you feel right now that it ’s going your way ?
I mean , the Democrats control the White House , they control Congress and the only thing they ’ve been able to make happen this year is escalate the war in Afghanistan .
MATT TAIBBI : The Democrats are in exactly the same position that the Republicans were in once the Iraq War turned bad .
All the Republicans have to do now is sit back and watch the Democrats make a disaster out of this health care effort .
And they ’re going to gain political capital whether they ’re in the right or not .
And I think it ’s a very - it ’s a terrible thing for the party .
BILL MOYERS : Some of your progressive readers and colleagues are going to take issue with you , of course , because there are progressive figures like John Podesta , of the Center for American Progress , Kevin Drum , and others who say , look , this bill has its real problems .
It ’s got some real toxic qualities to it .
But it ’s not as bad as Kuttner and Taibbi think .
This is the Senate bill , it covers 30 million - plus more people , has subsidies for low - income families , spreads the risk , lowers some premium costs , creates some exchanges where people can shop for better coverage and prices .
You know , do n’t be too hard on it .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Well , my co-editor , Paul Starr in the editorial in the current issue of “ The Prospect ” takes exactly that position .
Do n’t be too hard on Obama , he inherited a really difficult situation and we ’re making incremental progress .
If we could ’ve done better we would ’ve .
Paul and I disagree about that .
I mean , I think one of the challenges of a president is to transform the reality rather than just work within its parameters .
I think the other problem , frankly , is that those of us who consider ourselves progressives invested so much in this remarkable figure , Barack Obama .
And we read our own hopes into him .
We saw him as a potentially great president .
We saw this as a potentially transformative moment , I certainly did , where he could ’ve chosen to be the kind of president Roosevelt was .
And it turns out that ’s not who is characterologically and that ’s not how he chose to play the moment .
BILL MOYERS : Yes or no .
If you were a senator , would you vote for this Senate health care bill ?
MATT TAIBBI : No .
BILL MOYERS : Bob ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : Yes .
BILL MOYERS : Why ?
You just said it ’s designed to enhance the fortunes of the industry .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Well , it ’s so far from what I think is necessary that I do n’t think it ’s a good bill .
But I think if it goes down , just because of the optics of the situation and the way the Republicans have framed this as a make or break moment for President Obama , it will make it easier for the Republicans to take control of Congress in 2010 .
It will make Obama even more gun-shy about promoting reform .
It will create even more political paralysis .
It will embolden the republicans to block what this President is trying to do , some of which is good , at every turn .
So I would hold my nose and vote for it .
MATT TAIBBI : My feeling on it is just looking more concretely at the health care problem , this is a bill that to me does n’t address the two biggest problems with the health care crisis .
One is the inefficiency and the bureaucracy and the paperwork which it does n’t address at all .
It does n’t standardize anything .
The other is price , which has now fallen by the wayside because there ’s no going to be no public option that ’s going to drive down prices .
So , if a health care bill that does n’t address those two problems , to me , is — and additionally is a big give - away to the insurance companies because it provides , you know — it creates this new customer base , it ’s something I personally could n’t vote for .
BILL MOYERS : Are n’t you saying that in order to save the Democratic President and the Democratic Party in 2010 and 2012 you have to have a really rotten health insurance bill ?
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Well , when you come down to one pivotal moment where a bill is before Congress and the administration has staked the entire presidency on this bill and you ’re a progressive Democrat are you going to vote for it or not ?
Let me put it this way , if I were literally in the position that Joe Lieberman is in and it was up to me to determine whether this bill live or die , I would hold my nose and vote for it even though I have been a fierce critic of the path this administration has taken .
BILL MOYERS : But does n’t that further the dysfunction and corruption of the system that you write so often about ?
I mean , you said a few weeks ago that our failed health care system wo n’t get fixed because it exists entirely within the confines of yet another failed system , the political entity known as the United States of America .
You said we have a government that is not equipped to fix actual crisis .
So if Bob votes for a bill that in his heart and in his mind he does not believe really helps the situation , is n’t he furthering a government that ca n’t solve the actual crisis ?
MATT TAIBBI : I think so .
I understand his point of view .
But I my feeling is that if you vote for this bill and it passes , that ’s your one shot at fixing a catastrophic and completely dysfunctional health care system for the next generation maybe .
And I think it ’s much better for the Democrats to lose on this issue and then have to regroup maybe eight years later , or six years later , and try again and do a better job the next time than to have it go through .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
We ’re going to have to do that anyway .
In other words , these fights never end .
We ’re going to have to go back and make a fight another day .
And hopefully , that wo n’t be 20 years from now .
Hopefully , it will be six years from now .
I think if this bill goes down it ’s going to be even harder to get the kind of legislation we want because the Republicans are really going to be on the march .
So , the Democrats are really between a rock and a hard place here , because if it loses , there ’s one set of ways the Republicans gain .
If it wins , there could be another set of ways that the Republicans gain .
And this is all because of the deal that our friend , Rahm Emanuel struck back in the spring of passing a bill that ’s a pro-industry bill that does n’t really get at the structural problems .
MATT TAIBBI : But that ’s the whole point .
If the Democrats had used as a political strategy , we ’re just going to do what the vast majority of our constituents want and pass a bill that was real , that had real teeth to it , that provided real benefits and actually fixed the problems then , you know , the political benefits that the Republicans could ’ve had after the passage of the bill would ’ve been very limited it seems to me .
They could ’ve only gone that one direction and criticized that you know , as a , you know , a socialist give - away .
They could n’t have criticized it as an industry give - away and ineffective .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Look , this is not Monday morning quarterbacking .
MATT TAIBBI : Right .
ROBERT KUTTNER : I mean , I was making the same criticisms that you were at the time .
But now we ’re down to a moment of final passage .
And maybe my views are very ambivalent .
But I would still vote for it because I think the defeat would be absolutely crushing in terms of the way the press played it , in terms of the way it would give encouragement to the far right in this country that we can block this guy if we just fight hard enough , if we just demagogue it .
MATT TAIBBI : But could n’t that defeat turn into — that crushing defeat , could n’t that be good for the Democrats ?
Could n’t it teach them a lesson that , you know , maybe they have to pursue a different course in the future ?
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Well , you ’re younger than I am .
BILL MOYERS : Matt , Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin , a very progressive member of Congress who ’s been at this table wanted a public option .
He says this health care bill appears to be the legislation that the president wanted in the first place .
MATT TAIBBI : Yeah , I mean , I think that makes sense .
Yeah , it ’s quite obvious that at the outset of this process , the White House did n’t want , for instance , single payer even on the table , you know , when Max Baucus had his initial discussions in committee on this bill , he invited something like 43 people to give their ideas about , you know , how the bill might look in the future .
And he did n’t invite a single person from who was an advocate of single payer health care .
So that was never on the table .
And it ’s quite clear that the public option was looked at more as a political obstacle for the White House as opposed to something that they really wanted .
They kind of used it as something to scare the Republicans and the moderates with .
And that ’s really all it ended up turning out to be .
BILL MOYERS : Yeah , if he had wanted a public option , if he ’d wanted a Medicare buy - in , he could have tried to persuade the public and the Congress .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
That ’s what ’s so galling .
Yeah .
BILL MOYERS : Galling ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I mean , if you if you roll back the tape he could ’ve played it so differently and he could ’ve gotten a better bill .
But we are where we are .
MATT TAIBBI : I mean , that ’s what George Bush did when he wanted to get something unpopular passed or something that was iffy .
I mean , he just took , you know , if there were any recalcitrant members , he just took him in the back room and beat him with a rubber hose until they changed their minds .
I mean , he could ’ve taken Joe Lieberman back there and said , look , if Connecticut ever wants a dime of highway money again , you ’re going to have to play ball on this thing .
That ’s what the president does .
I mean , the president has an enormous amount of power .
The leaders , the majority leaders have an enormous amount of power .
And if they want to pass something , they can do it .
And especially when there ’s a tremendous public mandate to get something like this passed .
I just … the idea that they could n’t do this was .. is a fallacy .
BILL MOYERS : But members of Congress , they take the same contributions from the same insurance and real estate and drug industry .
You look at the list of contributions to members of Congress , they are as saddled by obligations as the President , right ?
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Well , some are and some are n’t .
I mean , the House , at least , just passed a bill that ’s over $ 100 billion to extend unemployment , extend insurance benefits in the interim prevent lay - offs at the level of state and local government .
Now , you have a group of Democrats , and this is the real pity of it .
The Democrats are supposed to be the party of the average person .
You have the so - called New Democrats who are really the party of Wall Street .
And then you have the Blue Dogs who are fiscal conservatives .
And if you look at what happened in Barney Frank ’s committee to the financial reform bill , he ’s a pretty good liberal , he ended up looking like a complete stooge for industry because in order to get a bill out of his own committee , he had to appease the 15 New Democrats , so - called , who were put on that committee mostly by Rahm Emanuel when he was the …
MATT TAIBBI : Sort of as a means to raise money .
ROBERT KUTTNER : As a means to raise money .
So Melissa Bean , who ’s a two - term Democratic Congressman ends up being the power broker because she controls 15 votes on Barney Frank ’s committee of what she ’s going to allow out of committee and what she is n’t .
BILL MOYERS : Why does she control 15 votes ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : Because there are 15 New Dems , and this is the centrist caucus that particularly specializes in taking money from the financial industry .
BILL MOYERS : You call them centrist , do n’t you mean corporate Democrats ?
I mean -
ROBERT KUTTNER : Corporate , yes , sorry .
That ’s too kind .
They ’re corporate Democrats who were put on that committee because Rahm Emanuel felt that there ’s no better place than the House Financial Services Committee if you want to shake down Wall Street , to put it bluntly .
MATT TAIBBI : There ’s a great example of Melissa Bean ’s power was when the banks wanted to pass an amendment into the bill that would have prevented the states from making their own tougher financial regulatory rules .
And Bean put through this amendment that basically said that the federal government would have purview over all these laws .
And it passed .
And this was the kind of thing that the banks wanted .
They just go to Melissa Bean , she puts that amendment in there and it and it gets through .
BILL MOYERS : If you were Barack Obama in a city that ’s overrun by money , how would you try to fix it ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I would go over the heads of the special interests to the people .
I think there ’s a lot of sullen apprehension , frustration out in the country .
And I think the people are hungry for leadership .
He ’s not doing that sufficiently .
MATT TAIBBI : It ’s absolutely a political winner for the president to hit Wall Street very hard and do all the things that he ’s supposed to be doing right now .
You know , that all the things that FDR did .
If he did those things , if he remade Wall Street in the way that it needs to be remade , he would do nothing but gain popularity .
And I think that ’s the strategy he should have pursued .
BILL MOYERS : But what if by nature , that ’s not what he wants to do ?
What if , by nature , he prefers to head the establishment , than to change it ?
ROBERT KUTTNER :
Then he runs the risk of being a failed president .
And I do have the audacity to hope that he ’s a smart enough , principled enough guy , that some time in his second year in office , he ’s going to realize that he ’s at a crossroads .
MATT TAIBBI : This is n’t a purely political problem .
This is n’t just a question of how does Barack Obama get reelected .
This is a serious problem .
He has to put aside maybe his inclinations to think about what he can do to actually fix the country .
And it ’s , you know , desperately in need of fixing .
And so , if he ’s not that guy , he has to become that guy .
BILL MOYERS : You say it ’s a serious problem .
But is n’t from your own experiences , your long experience , your recent experience , is n’t this the fundamental question issue of why it ’s not working , that there ’s too much money canceling out other imperatives , other needs , other possibilities ?
MATT TAIBBI : This is the fundamental question .
Is there a way that we can have a politician get elected without the sponsorship of special interests ?
Can we get somebody in the White House who ’s independent of the special interests that are in the way of real reform ?
And that ’s the problem .
We have n’t been able to have that happen .
And we need to find a way to have that happen .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Right .
And I think it ’s not accidental that the last three Democratic presidents have been at best , corporate Democrats .
And one hoped because of the depth of the crisis and the disgrace of deregulation and ideology , and the practical failure of the Bush presidency , this was a moment for a clean break .
The fact that even at such a moment , even with an outsider president campaigning on change we can believe in , that Barack Obama turned out to be who he has been so far , is just so revealing in terms of the structural undertow that big money represents in this country .
The question is :
Is he capable of making a change — he ’s only been in office less than a year — in time to redeem the moment , redeem his own promise ?
BILL MOYERS : When you talk about corporate Democrats , exactly what do you mean ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I mean Democrats who are reluctant to cross swords with the corporate elite that has so much power in this country , whether it ’s the Wall Street elite or whether it ’s the health - industrial complex .
MATT TAIBBI : And I think , you know , back in the in the mid-’80s , after Walter Mondale lost , I think the Democrats made a conscious decision that they were no longer going to rely entirely on interest groups and unions to fund their campaigns , that they were going to try to close that funding gap with the Republicans .
And they made a lot of concessions to the financial services industry to big corporations .
And that ’s who they are now .
I mean–
ROBERT KUTTNER :
That ’s a little too harsh .
Just the pity of it is there are probably 40 Democrats in the Senate who are not corporate Democrats .
And there are probably 200 Democrats in the House who are not corporate Democrats .
If we could push a little harder , we can take back our political system and have a democratically elected set of officials who are the kind of counterweight to big money that we need in order to get reform .
BILL MOYERS : So Democrats have their own obstructionists ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : Yeah .
You have Republican wall - to - wall obstructionism , which is partisan .
And with a few exceptions , Republicans are totally in bed with big business .
And you have just enough Democrats who are in bed with big business that it makes it much harder for progressive Democrats to follow the agenda that the country needs .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
It just takes a lot of guts .
It takes a lot of nerve .
It takes a willingness to be somewhat radical .
BILL MOYERS : What you mean , radical ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I mean , confronting the elite that really has a hammerlock on politics in this country and articulating the needs of ordinary people .
Now , in Washington , that ’s considered radical .
BILL MOYERS : I was thinking about both of you Sunday night when President Obama was on 60 MINUTES and he said …
PRESIDENT OBAMA : I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street .
BILL MOYERS : Then on Monday afternoon , he had this photo opportunity in which he scolded the bankers and then they took it politely and graciously , which they could ’ve done because the Hill at that very moment was swarming with banking lobbyists making sure that what the President wants does n’t happen .
I mean , what did you think as you watched him on 60 MINUTES or watched that press conference ?
MATT TAIBBI : It seemed to me that it was a response to a lot of negative criticism that he ’s been getting in the media lately , that they are probably looking at the President ’s poll numbers from the last couple of weeks that have been remarkably low .
And a lot of that has to do with some perceptions about his ties to Wall Street .
And I think they felt a need to come out and make a strong statement against Wall Street , whether they ’re actually do anything is , sort of , a different question .
But I think that was my impression .
ROBERT KUTTNER : I was appalled .
I was just appalled because think of the timing .
On Thursday and Friday of last week , the same week when the president finally gives this tough talk on “ 60 Minutes , ” a very feeble bill is working its way through the House of Representatives and crucial decisions are being made .
And where is the President ?
I mean , there was an amendment to put some teeth back in the provision on credit default swaps and other kinds of derivatives .
And that went down by a handful of votes .
And to the extent that the Treasury and the White House was working that bill , at all , they were working the wrong side .
There was a there was a provision to exempt foreign exchange derivatives from the teeth in the bill .
That –
MATT TAIBBI : Foreign exchange derivatives are what caused the Long Term Capital Management crisis–
ROBERT KUTTNER : Sure .
MATT TAIBBI : A tremendous problem .
BILL MOYERS : Ten or 12 years ago , right ?
MATT TAIBBI : Right .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Yeah .
And , Treasury was lobbying in favor of that .
There was a provision in the bill to exempt small corporations , not so small , I believe at $ 75 million and under , from a lot of the provisions of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act requiring honest accounting .
Rahm Emanuel personally was lobbying in favor of that .
BILL MOYERS : So you had the Treasury and the White House chief of staff arguing on behalf of the banking industry ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : Right .
Right .
And so here ’s the president two days later giving a tough speech .
Why was n’t he working the phones to toughen up that bill and , you know , walk the talk ?
BILL MOYERS : Get on the phone with the Chairman of the Committee and say , if you want that dam in your district , I want your vote on this .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Right .
MATT TAIBBI : Right .
BILL MOYERS : And that ’s what you mean ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : Yeah .
BILL MOYERS : You might praise them in public , but you threaten them in private , right ?
MATT TAIBBI : Exactly , yeah .
They have –
BILL MOYERS : Nobody ’s afraid of Obama , you know .
You go to Washington as you do , report from Washington .
Nobody ’s afraid of him .
MATT TAIBBI : Right .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
This style is rather diffident .
His style is rather hands - off .
He ’s very principled .
But , if you ’re going to be a politician , you have to get in there and mix it up .
And to the extent that his surrogates are mixing it up , when it comes to reforming Wall Street , they ’re mixing it up on the wrong side .
BILL MOYERS : Well , explain this to me .
What is your own take on why he chose Geithner and Summers and people from Goldman Sachs and Wall Street to come and be his financial advisors , instead of choosing Stiglitz–
MATT TAIBBI : Volker–
BILL MOYERS : Some of his advisors from the progressive wing of the Democratic system ?
MATT TAIBBI : Most people that I ’ve talked to have taken one of two positions on this .
One is that Obama was naïve , that he does n’t know a whole about the financial services industry , and he felt the need to rely upon people who ’d been there before , people who ’ve had these jobs before , and you know , who have this expertise .
And there ’s another school of thought that look , he took more money from Wall Street than any other presidential candidate in history .
Goldman Sachs was his number one private campaign contributor .
And if you just look at the evidence , it ’s just really business as usual .
This is what the Democratic Party has done since the mid-’80s .
They ’ve relied heavily on the financial services industry to fund their campaigns .
And it ’s the quid pro quo .
They gave a lot of money to help these guys run , and in return , they get the big jobs , you know , in the White House .
BILL MOYERS : But here ’s how they repay him .
This is on “ The Huffington Post : ” “ Bank lobbyists launch call to action to crush financial reform .
The American Bankers Association issued a call to action on Wednesday urging its lobbyist and member banks to make an all - out effort to crush regulatory reform in the Senate . ”
This is how they reward his own tolerance towards them , right ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : Right .
And you ’ve got to play hardball against these guys now .
I do not want to leave this show with your viewers thinking this has been just a council of despair .
So will you allow me to play Pollyanna for 30 seconds ?
Because I think this guy is nothing if not a work in progress .
He ’s nothing if not a learner .
And I think there is a chance .
I do n’t think I would bet my life on it but I think there ’s a possibility that by the fall of 2010 , looking down the barrel of a real election blowout , you could see him change course , if only for reasons of expediency , but hopefully for reasons of principle as well , if he feels that the public does n’t have confidence that he is delivering the kind of recovery that the public needs .
This is a guy who is a very smart , complicated man .
And I think do n’t speak too soon , for the wheel ’s still in spin .
I do n’t want to totally give up .
MATT TAIBBI : Yeah .
I mean , obviously , it ’s too early to completely abandon hope that he ’s going to turn things around .
But I think that ’s a belief that ’s not really based on evidence .
If you look at the evidence of how he ’s behaved so far , and who he ’s got , you know , working in the White House , and who he ’s getting his money from , and how the party has behaved over the last couple of decades .
You ’re really basically relying upon the impression that he gives as a kind , decent , warm - hearted intellectual guy .
That ’s what the basis of that faith that there ’s going to be this turnaround .
It ’s really not anything that ’s actually concretely happened that would give you reason to think that .
ROBERT KUTTNER :
The other thing that ’s missing , if you compare him with Roosevelt or LBJ or Lincoln , the other thing that ’s missing is a social movement .
In all of these great periods of transformation , you had social movements doing a complicated dance with the president , where sometimes they were working with him , sometimes they were beating up on him .
That certainly describes the civil rights movement and Lyndon Johnson .
It describes the abolitionists and Lincoln .
It describes the labor movement and Roosevelt .
Where ’s the movement ?
BILL MOYERS : Coming down to the office this morning , the cab driver turned and said , “ You see the newspaper this morning ? ”
And he turns and hands me the NEW YORK POST .
“ It ’s Wall Good : Wall Street Earnings Soar to $ 49 Billion in the First Three Quarters of the Year … Profitability has soared because revenues rose … Wall Street bonuses for employees in the city may be as much as 40 percent higher than in 2008 . ”
What would you say to the President about this ?
Does he know ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I think , to some extent , the White House lives in an echo chamber .
They do these public events that are intended to demonstrate that the president ’s listening , that he ’s feeling our pain .
Congress gets a very bad rap .
But I was invited to speak to the House Democrat caucus a couple a weeks ago .
And they are furious .
They ca n’t publicly embarrass their president , but they go home on weekends and they talk to their folks and they hear the individual stories of suffering .
And they feel that certainly the Treasury , to some extent the White House , just does n’t get it and the Republicans are going to end up with a narrative and the Tea Party folks , it ’s the far right that is on the march when ordinary people need a champion .
BILL MOYERS : So , what are people to do ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I think there are there are things that are not too complex for people to understand .
If the value of your home is going down the drain because the government ’s not doing anything about an epidemic of foreclosures , that ’s the kind of thing that people can talk about across a kitchen table .
They do talk about it across the kitchen table .
And you need more leadership like a Marcy Kaptur or a Maria Cantwell , elected officials who get it , who have not been bought and paid for by Wall Street stirring up people and turning this into a movement .
MATT TAIBBI : And that ’s really where Barack Obama ’s failings are the biggest .
This is exactly where we need a president with the communication skills that he has .
I mean , he ’s probably the one person who could help all of America make sense of all this stuff .
And he ’s not doing it .
I mean , he ’s doing these photo ops , you know , earlier in the week , with a couple of bankers .
It ’s a kabuki dance to show that he ’s against Wall Street .
But he ’s not explaining to people how all this stuff works .
And that ’s the problem .
BILL MOYERS : Are you a cynic after all your reporting this year ?
MATT TAIBBI : No , not at all .
I mean , I think on the contrary .
I think cynicism is accepting all this as , you know , politics , as the way it is .
I think we have to not accept what ’s going on .
And that ’s not being cynical .
That ’s being helpful .
BILL MOYERS : But is it naïve to think that in a country of so many clashing interests , we might get better results from the political system than we ’re getting right now ?
ROBERT KUTTNER : I think there are periods of American history when the political system rises to the occasion .
It certainly did with the civil rights movement .
It certainly did in the 1930s .
But there ’s no guarantee that it ’s going to come out the way it needs their come out .
So I would n’t give up on the political system .
I mean , you have to keep fighting and working to rebuild democracy .
Democracy is the only possible counterweight to concentrated financial power .
And ideally , that takes a great president rendezvousing with a social movement .
One way or another , there is going to be a social movement .
Because so many people are hurting , and so many people are feeling correctly that Wall Street is getting too much and Main Street is getting too little .
And if it ’s not a progressive social movement that articulates the frustration and the reform program , you know that the right wing is going to do it .
And that , I think , is what ought to be scaring us silly .
MATT TAIBBI : We are starting to see signs of a little bit of a grassroots movement .
I mean , the stuff , you know , people who are refusing to leave their homes after they ’ve been foreclosed upon .
There are little pockets of movements you know , groups that are organizing against foreclosures all across the country .
And this is one small slice of the economic picture that where it ’s quite clear what ’s going on , and people can really understand the relationship that they have with the financial services industry .
And I think if , you know , there it ’s possible to imagine a movement coalescing around something like that .
BILL MOYERS : Matt Taibbi , Robert Kuttner , thank you for being with me on the Journal .
MATT TAIBBI : Thank you .
ROBERT KUTTNER : Thanks , Bill .
Transcript provided by Alternet .
See Also : Repealing Health Care Reform , So Does the Health Care Bill Reduce the Deficit At All ? , Medical Loss Ratio Revisited : Cost and Coverage Controls that Work , Dumb Headline of the Day : “ War on Wall Street ” , A Dangerous Split , 2010 : Foreseeable and Unforeseeable Risks ~ The Room For Policy Error is Enormous ,
The year in review at Credit Writedowns – Kleptocracy , The year in review at Credit Writedowns – Crony Capitalism , Has Obama been a success despite suspicions of crony capitalism ? , and How Obama Has Let You Down Today .
[ tags ] matt taibbi , matt taibi , bill moyers journal , bill moyers , pbs , video , bill moyers video , matt taibbi video , health care reform , Robert Kuttner , democrats , health care reform , wall street , bailout , congress , barack obama , goldman sachs , corruption , influence , lobbyists , state of american democracy , reform in america , health care , health care bill , financial regulation , financial reform , full video , transcript , full transcript , quotes [ / tags ]
Normally , laminating a lot of timber together is done with powerful bar or pipe clamps and a lot of glue .
However , those clamps are expensive , and you need a big , perfectly level workbench to get things to align right .
In the absence of these tools , we used a slightly less rigorous but no less strong method using screws and threaded rods .
The first step is to prepare your lumber .
We cut it to random widths , meaning the bottom was going to be irregular , as seen in the introduction photos .
You can use the table saw to cut to consistent widths , if so desired .
You can use any kind of wood , plywood , dimensional , hardwood , softwood , whatever you think might be aesthetically interesting .
Once you 've ripped up a big pile of wood , run some 60 - 80 grit sandpaper over both sides to remove loose dirt , paint , and grit , which will inhibit the glue bond .
Then , starting with one trestle or the other , paint the wood with regular yellow wood glue ( thinned with a little water ) , then put it on the trestle and screw it to the 2 " x 8 " with drywall or wood screws .
Space them close enough so a little glue squeezes out from the seams , and there are no pockets or gaps along the length .
Build the wood up and around the ends of the legs , locking them into place and preventing them from kicking out when loaded .
Continue on in this way , staggering seams and varying the wood so no pieces that are alike end up directly next to one another .
This method has its weaknesses ; namely , the thing will tend to sag , bow , and cup over time since there are no connectors that go all the way through the table top .
To solve this problem , mark out five holes ; one in the center , one through each of the sets of legs , and one at each end .
Depending on the length of your drill bit , drill down every few layers with a 5/8 " drill bit .
It 's hard to get them perfectly straight ; however , I do n't know that a drill press and drilling holes in each piece first would be easier , because all the lining up would be a nightmare .
You can see the pencil lines used to lay out those holes in some of these pictures .
Yet even this staggering number , representing 65 pc of GDP , is an under -estimate .
The civil servants who calculated it – desperate to protect their own pensions and please their political masters – used unrealistic discount rates .
The real bill is £ 1,110bn – and rising .
So the cost of the additional pension benefits of state - sector employees , a mere fifth of the workforce , now amounts to 85 pc of GDP .
Neither this jaw - dropping total , nor the official under-estimate , appears in the national accounts .
Nano - Henry Inductance Meter
Desiring a simple way to quickly measure inductances in the 10s and 100s of nanohenry for VHF work , I was inspired to build a direct - reading meter like Drew Diamond VK3XU 's design " Nano - L " Inductance ' Bridge ' for Small Coils .
The circuit is published in Volume 2 of his excellent series of books " Radio Projects for the Amateur " .
I highly recommend you purchase all three volumes , they are great books , I picked up my copies from the recent Wyong Field Day .
They can be obtained through the WIA .
I do n't know why he calls it a bridge , it is rather a resonance meter , but the name probably comes from its relation to his other true - bridge inductance meter for micro-Henry coils .
My implementation is only very slightly different to Drew's , and functions in exactly the same manner .
I use a 44.7 MHz TTL oscillator package , as I had some in the junk box .
( I actually started out with 80 MHz , but it proved too high for the range of inductances I wanted to measure , with the Lx connection shorted with a piece of brass shim I could peak the meter about middle of the range and a 2 " hairpin was beyond its measurement range . )
I also used a " polyvaricon " style capacitor , lacking a suitable air - spaced gang .
The detector is identical , and the clean - up resonator values picked for the lower design frequency .
I used a spring - loaded speaker terminal block for the Lx connector .
I was concerned this would limit its range , but in practice is has proven quite usable , and much more expedient than binding posts .
The circuit is constructed on a piece of unetched PCB board and mounted in a die - cast Aluminium box which came painted glossy black .
Four AA cells provide the power supply , the TTL oscillator can is run at the full 6 volts , there is no dropper diode to keep it within spec , it gets warm but does n't seem to mind .
The Circuit
The case is dominated by the batteries , inside there is much free space .
The Lx hot - side connection is made with a fragment of PCB board to minimise the stray inductance and improve the instrument 's minimum inductance capability .
Usage
To use ; one connects the inductor to me measured , switches on the unit and sweeps the knob searching for peak brightness of the red LED .
The tuning is fairly sharp with moderate - Q inductors , and the peak is generally very obvious , a few degrees off the peak the LED will be completely extinguished .
Calibration
Building the unit is quite easy , but to make it a practical instrument it must be calibrated .
You can probably use 5 % chokes for the top of the range , but commercial inductors towards the bottom of its range are rare or SMD - only devices .
To calibrate mine I decided to construct a series of calibration inductors of fairly high accuracy , a challenge that exceeds that of building the unit by an order of magnitude !
Having 100 p capacitors of fairly high accuracy and stability , I sat down with my LC resonance calculator and came up with resonant frequencies for a geometric series of inductors , resonated with 100 p and 400p .
As I can measure frequency and capacitance to within about 1 % this gave me a way to trim my inductors to the desired values with accuracy beyond what the meter needed .
I choose T50 - 6 cores for the larger inductance values as they offer the best stability / Q/ price trade off .
The material is suitable for the VHF test frequency , and has a fairly low thermal coefficient .
Tx - 7 ( white ) cores are better but much more expensive - I save them for VFOs .
A T50 - 10 core was used for 200 nH , but I may replace this with a air - core inductor as I am unimpressed with its mechanical stability .
Values below 200 nH were all air - core , wound with stiff tinned copper wire .
All coils were dipped in wax once trimmed to stabilise them .
Some experimentation was performed with enamelled wire on soda straws , but the stability was inferior .
Repeatability of sub -150 nH inductors is somewhat challenging , even when waxed to a core and the lead length carefully controlled .
The testing jig in the picture above was specially constructed for the calibration exercise .
It allows a trimmed 100 p or 400 p to be switched across the inductor under test .
The signal generator is used as the frequency source , measured with a high - resolution frequency counter than has had its reference zero - beaten against WWVH recently .
A CRO or VOM is used to detect resonance , measuring the DC voltage generated by a charge pump .
In principle it works a lot like the meter itself , except the capacitance is fixed and the frequency variable .
To use , one hooks it up to the detector and signal generator , then measures the capacitance seen across the Lx terminals while trimming it to precisely 100 pF or 400 pF .
The capacitance meter is then exchanged for the inductor under test and the signal generator swept to find the resonance peak .
Note that in some situations rearranging the circuit to use series resonance would be preferable .
One would then tune for a null , which is generally a better proposition anyway , but I used parallel resonance for all my inductors and had little problem achieving high repeatability .
How precise is all this ?
I am not sure , but I estimate at least 5 % with careful use , if not better , as long as you are well below the self - resonant frequency of the inductors .
The testing jig is a useful gadget in its own right , and is usable across a wide range of inductances , it can't hurt to build something similar yourself .
Use NP0 capacitors of good quality and their values should be pretty close , even without the ability to measure capacitance .
The distributed capacitance of my particular jig was 4.6 pF , so even untrimmed it is still fairly accurate .
1 comment .
Attachments
A few days ago I interviewed the prominent climate change sceptic Professor Ian Plimer for a piece ahead of the UN climate negotiations in Copenhagen .
Very little of our half - hour conversation made it into the final story but it was a revealing interview .
This blog is an attempt to put some of what we talked about on the record .
It is important to do so , because the Australian mining geologist 's book Heaven and Earth – on what he calls the " missing science " of global warming – has proved extremely popular .
It has been reprinted six times in the UK since its publication in March and has sold more than 30,000 copies in Australia .
In July , the Spectator ran a fawning cover feature about the book under the headline " Relax : global warming is all a myth " .
The new Australian opposition leader , Tony Abbott , was converted to the sceptic cause by reading the book , or so Plimer says .
And the backbench Tory MP Douglas Carswell said it overturned his belief that climate change is a human - caused phenomenon .
But it has also come in for stinging criticism from scientists and others .
Bob Ward , director of public relations and policy at Lord Nicholas Stern 's Grantham Institute at the London School of Economics said the book is " full of inaccurate statements and misrepresentations of global temperature data " .
Plimer has refused to answer a series of questions put by George Monbiot about specific claims he makes in the book , but our interview gave me the opportunity to put some of those - and others ' questions - to him .
I found him to be one of the most difficult and evasive interviewees I have spoken to in my career , frequently veering off on tangents rather than answering the question I had put .
Strangely , Plimer was only vaguely aware of the criticisms that have been levelled at Heaven and Earth and appeared to have little interest in dealing with them .
He gave me the impression that engaging with his critics was beneath him .
That seemed to me an odd attitude for a scientist to take .
He did say though that when he returned home from promoting the book he planned to write a less technical follow - up to Heaven and Earth that would address some of the criticisms .
The first figure in Heaven and Earth makes a bold claim :
This diagram shows that the hypothesis that human emissions of CO2 create global warming is invalid .
It is a graph running from 1990 to 2025 and shows five different plots of global temperature .
One of these plots is the so - called HadCRUT temperature series produced by the Met Office 's Hadley Centre and Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia .
Plimer 's first mistake is to refer to this plot as a " computer prediction " of temperature when this is in fact the measured global average temperature .
But more significantly , the final point on his graph is a long way from where it should be .
The figure for 2008 is placed much lower than the correct figure ( at 0.1C above the 1961 - 1990 average instead of 0.437 ) .
That might not sound like much , but it wrongly gives the impression there has been a massive recent cooling – something Plimer says the climate modellers have not predicted .
His broader point appears to be that if climate models cannot predict warming over the course of a decade , what hope do they have of getting the forecast right for 2050 and beyond ?
Leaving aside the misplaced data point , Plimer appears to have misunderstood what climate models can and can't do .
It may seem paradoxical , but predicting the year - by - year fluctuations in global temperature is actually a lot harder than predicting the general trend .
No one who understands climate modelling would expect a perfect fit on such a short timescale .
" His premise that the models do not represent the [ real data ] is flawed , " said a spokesperson for the Met Office .
" The models never claim to predict the individual variability from year to year .
However , they do clearly show the trend over longer periods of time . "
Elsewhere in the book , Plimer appears to have conflated a US temperature record and the global average temperature .
On page 99 he writes " Nasa now states that [ … ] the warmest year was 1934 . "
The Nasa dataset he is referring to covers the US only but he seems to be referring to the world average .
Again , Plimer does not appear to accept that the world is warming .
But in fact , the hottest year on record is 1998 and eight of the 10 hottest years ever recorded have occurred this century .
When I put the mistake to him he responded : " The 1930s in North America and probably the rest of the world were a hot period of time . "
But what about increased global average temperature since then ?
" That has been disputed by many of my colleagues who I have a great regard for because they 've been the people involved in putting measurements together ...
I do dispute that as do many other people who are far more qualified in atmospheric sciences than I . "
He appears to be taking the bizarre position that the world has not warmed since the 1930s .
Even global warming critic Lord Nigel Lawson does n't say silly things like that .
Now Plimer is not a climate scientist so you can perhaps forgive his glaring errors when writing about that field , but one thing he might hope to get right would be his own field of geology .
Sadly not .
On page 413 of the book he repeats the old canard that " Volcanoes produce more CO2 than the world 's cars and industries combined " .
It was a claim that he famously made in a recent interview by Justin Webb on the BBC's Today programme .
Webb did not challenge him , but I put it to Plimer that the website of the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) states : " Human activities release more than 130 times the amount of CO2 emitted by volcanoes . "
Plimer 's response was that the USGS is only talking about terrestrial volcanoes and has not incorporated CO2 produced by undersea eruptions at mid-ocean ridges .
" 85 % of the world 's volcanoes we neither see nor measure , " he said .
" They leak out huge amounts of carbon dioxide ...
That does not come into the USGS figures nor does it come into the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's figures . "
If he is right , that is an astonishing omission and an oversight that would force a huge reassessment of climate science .
But when I check with the USGS they are very explicit .
According to volcanologist Dr Terrence Gerlach :
I can confirm to you that the " 130 times " figure on the USGS website is an estimate that includes all volcanoes – submarine as well as subaerial ...
Geoscientists have two methods for estimating the CO2 output of the mid-oceanic ridges .
There were estimates for the CO2 output of the mid-oceanic ridges before there were estimates for the global output of subaerial volcanoes .
These are just three of the many criticisms that have been made about Heaven and Earth .
Plimer dismissed them as " pathetic nit- picking " but if his book is influencing politicians and public opinion around the world then I think his arguments deserve close scrutiny .
He likes to argue that his position on global warming is dismissed by mainstream scientists because they are part of a " fundamentalist religion " and a " mafia " .
In fact , his arguments are rejected because they are just plain wrong .
Last modified 2 October 2011
I present the IPA ( International Phonetic Alphabet ) TTS ( text - to - speech ) bookmarklet .
( Source )
Bookmarklet : IPA TTS ( drag to your bookmark bar )
How to use : select any text that contains IPA and click on the bookmarklet .
Wait a second for the iframe at the bottom of the page to load .
Try these examples : /ˌɪntəˈnæʃnəl/ , /ˌɪntɚˈnæʃnəl/
How does this work ?
The bookmark creates a POST request to the AT&T ; Natural Voices ® Text - to - Speech Demo with the IPA text in SSML .
The AT&T ; demo has modest support for IPA , but often fails .
If you know of another IPA TTS engine , please let me know or fork the bookmarklet and add it .
SAN DIEGO 
At first , Luis F. Alarid seemed well on his way to becoming a customs agency success story .
He had risen from a childhood of poverty and foster homes , some of them abusive , earned praise and commendations while serving in the Army and the Marines , including two tours in Iraq , and returned to Southern California to fulfill a goal of serving in law enforcement .
But , early last year , after just a few months as a customs inspector , he was waving in trucks from Mexico carrying loads of marijuana and illegal immigrants .
He pocketed some $ 200,000 in cash that paid for , as far as the government could tell , a $ 15,000 motorcycle , flat - screen televisions , a laptop computer and more .
Some investigators believe that Mr. Alarid , 32 , who was paid off by a Mexican smuggling crew that included several members of his family , intended to work for smugglers all along .
At one point , Mr. Alarid , who was sentenced to seven years in federal prison in February , told investigators that he had researched just how much prison time he might get for his crimes and believed , as investigators later reported , that he could do it “ standing on his head . ”
Mr. Alarid ’s case is not the only one that has law enforcement officials worried that Mexican traffickers  facing beefed - up security on the border that now includes miles of new fencing , floodlights , drones , motion sensors and cameras  have stepped up their efforts to corrupt the border police .
SPRINGFIELD , USA : the facts City motto " A Noble Spirit Embiggens the Smallest Man " , " Corruptus in Extremis " Founded Unknown ; before 1649 Incorporated 1796 Founder Jebediah Springfield Mayor Joe Quimby Congressional Representatives Bob Arnold ( expelled ) , Horace Wilcox ( deceased ) , Herschel Schmoikel Krustofski ( more commonly known as Krusty the Klown ) Area 2,088,723 km² ( West Springfield is three times the size of Texas ) Population
- City pop .
- Density
30,720
1.50 / km² Elevation 1582 feet above sea level Area Codes 636 & 939 Main Industries Nuclear Power , heavy manufacturing , Duff Beer , Retail , boxes , fudge , fireworks , crackers , Animated Media Official Bird Potbellied Sparrow
Source : Wikipedia
Like The Map of Springfield ?
Share it !
In two weeks ' time , Barack Obama will accept the Nobel peace prize in Oslo for his " extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and co-operation between peoples " and his commitment to " disarmament and arms control negotiations " .
Yet on Tuesday , as Americans ' attentions were turning to the Thanksgiving holidays , a state department spokesman , Ian Kelly , quietly announced that the Obama administration would not sign the international antipersonnel landmine ban .
He also said that the Bush - era landmine policy , a regression from Bill Clinton 's position , " remains in effect " .
" It is painful that President Obama has chosen to reject the mine ban treaty just weeks before he joins the ranks of Nobel peace laureates , including the International Campaign to Ban Landmines , " said Steve Goose , arms division director at Human Rights Watch , summing up the disappointment felt by many at Obama 's decision .
The announcement comes just days before more than 150 signatory countries of the mine ban treaty meet in Cartegena , Colombia to review progress toward eradicating the threat of landmines in the world 's current and former war zones .
Last year , landmines and other similar devices killed or injured more than 5,000 people , over 60 % of whom were civilians and 28 % children .
By failing to take a strong stand against landmines , the US will appear to condone this human tragedy and make it easier for China , Russia , Iran and other non-signatories to the ban to shirk their responsibilities .
Anti-landmine campaigners and liberal activists had hoped Obama would use the landmine and cluster munitions bans to demonstrate a new commitment to multilateralism , humanitarianism and disarmament .
During the campaign he had hinted , though not committed himself to , a more progressive stand than Bush had taken .
Instead , Obama 's administration has endorsed his predecessor 's unilateral repudiation of the treaty .
This has outraged the anti-landmine movement , both in the US and globally .
The International Campaign to Ban Landmines , a coalition of hundreds of NGOs , churches and grassroots organisations worldwide , " strongly condemned " the decision ; its US counterpart called the announcement " shocking " .
" We cannot understand this shameful decision and we definitely cannot understand President Obama 's decision to continue with the Bush policy , " said Jody Williams , Nobel co-laureate for her role in the landmine ban .
" This decision is a slap in the face to landmine survivors , their families and affected communities everywhere . "
While the US has not used landmines since 1991 , it has stockpiles of some 10 m antipersonnel mines and 7.5 m anti-vehicular mines , and has used cluster bombs , which leave behind explosive " duds " that act as de facto mines , in Kosovo , Afghanistan and Iraq .
Obama 's apparent approval of a hawkish Bush administration policy has also angered his base supporters , who had hoped his election would usher in an era of liberal , multilateral and gentler foreign policy .
When veteran Democratic senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont endorsed Obama 's presidential run in 2008 , he told reporters it was because we needed a president who could " reintroduce America to the world " .
However , this week , Leahy did not hold back in his criticism of Obama .
" The United States is the most powerful nation on earth .
We do n't need these weapons and most of our allies have long ago abandoned them , " said Leahy .
" It is a lost opportunity for the United States to show leadership instead of joining with China and Russia and impeding progress . "
On Wednesday , in the face of this criticism , the Obama administration seemed to backpedal slightly , saying that a policy review on landmine issues was still continuing .
Landmine activists have called on the administration to engage and consult with outside experts , Nato allies who are members of the treaty and organisations working to clear landmines .
As a Nobel peace laureate and the leader of the world 's most powerful nation , Obama has a duty to live up to his responsibilities to protect civilians in current and former war zones .
Obama 's misstep must serve as a wake up call for concerned liberal citizens in the US and around the world .
Just because Obama shares our language , and probably our ideals , if he does n't feel political pressure from the left , his administration will be tempted to avoid a backlash from the right by maintaining hawkish and unilateralist Bush - era policies .
From Robert Arthur 's blog , Narco Polo .
An excerpt from The New Prohibition : Voices of Dissent Challenge the Drug War ,
the book that includes Richard Mack 's story :
Ted and I were different .
He smoked , he drank , at times he used marijuana , and his morals were not in line with my Mormon background .
But he was a good man .
He cared about his children , and he was a hard worker .
He was loyal and understanding , and he had a great sense of humor ….
Why were we arresting people , some really decent people , for smoking marijuana ?
Should we arrest all the " Teds " in the country ?
Take his sports car , ruin his career , give him an arrest record and some jail time , and maybe overall just teach him a lesson ? ( pp. 13-14 )
The nation 's top telco claims it is willing to meet the Federal Communications Commission halfway on net neutrality .
The olive branch comes in the form of a letter that AT&T sent to the FCC on Tuesday , which suggests specific wording for Internet non-discrimination rules .
In September the agency released a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that would toughen up its Internet Policy Statement with an enforcement mechanism and transparency requirements .
Now AT&T Vice President James Cicconi says that 's fine , just as long as the final Order " eschews a strict nondiscrimination standard and instead focuses on ' unreasonable and anticompetitive ' forms of discrimination that adversely affect consumers . "
This phrasing is somewhat similar , AT&T notes , to the old 1934 Communications
Act common carrier language that banned telcos from engaging in " unjust and unreasonable discrimination . "
For those of you who are scratching your heads and pondering the difference between a strict standard and an anti-anticompetitive one , here 's the distinction as AT&T sees it .
The problem with a strict standard is that it could put the kibosh on the " availability of creative and innovative services that consumers may want to purchase . "
Even worse , AT&T says , " a strict nondiscrimination rule would completely ban voluntary commercial agreements for the paid provision of certain value - added broadband services , which would needlessly deprive market participants , including content providers , from willingly obtaining services that could improve consumers ' Internet experiences . "
Indeed , the FCC 's proposals as currently outlined would prohibit prioritized access rules , but they do include an exception for " managed services . "
The agency has yet to define what will fall under this category , but it might include everybody 's favorite thing on the Internet : IP video .
Even this loophole , however , is not sufficient for AT&T .
" We believe there should be no regulatory uncertainty when it comes to innovation , " Cicconi insists .
Off limits
Speaking of great minds that think alike , the cable industry recently expressed concerns similar to AT&T's .
In a big speech last week , Kyle McSlarrow of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association warned that the problem with a prioritized access ban is that ISPs would n't be allowed to offer " quality - of - service enhancements at nondiscriminatory prices , terms and conditions to anyone who wanted it .
Such arrangements would be simply off limits . "
We , of course , have no idea what AT&T and NCTA specifically want when it comes to " quality - of - service enhancements . "
But it 's easy to anticipate the fears : that ISPs will offer different levels of network management quality and access to different content providers , depending on what they 're willing or able to pay .
Of course , the rates will be the same for everyone — who can afford them .
And sure enough , as we were typing out those AT&T quotes , the advocacy group denouncements came flying into our e-mail account at Comcastic speed .
" After leading a rabid anti-Net Neutrality lobbying campaign for years , AT&T now submits a letter to the Federal Communications Commission purporting to offer common ground , " warned Free Press .
" What they are proposing would allow them to violate the core principle of Net Neutrality — letting them control the Internet by picking winners and losers in a pay - for - play scheme . "
Ditto , says Public Knowledge .
" AT&T has tried to draw what is an imaginary line among types of discrimination , " declared PK's Gigi Sohn .
" The company advised the FCC that while ' unreasonable ' discrimination can be banned , any discrimination caused by ' voluntary commercial agreements ' is just fine because the parties involved agreed to it .
That is nonsense . "
Peace of mind
Interestingly , AT&T 's letter insists that it 's just following the lead of others here , most notably United States Senator Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) , who sent the FCC a supportive statement on net neutrality in late October .
It 's from Snowe 's commentary that AT&T appears to have derived the ' unreasonable and anticompetitive ' couplet .
Net neutrality will provide " peace of mind to users and developers by prohibiting unreasonable and anticompetitive discrimination that would affect Internet user 's experience or choice , " Snowe told the Commission .
AT&T even says it has drawn inspiration from Google , whose CEO Eric Schmidt posted a joint blog statement with Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam on open Internet questions last month .
The telco 's letter was particularly supportive of this passage from the commentary : " Broadband network providers should have the flexibility to manage their networks to deal with issues like traffic congestion , spam , ' malware ' and denial of service attacks , as well as other threats that may emerge in the future , " Schmitt and McAdam wrote , " so long as they do it reasonably , consistent with their customers ' preferences , and do n't unreasonably discriminate in ways that either harm users or are anti-competitive .
They should also be free to offer managed network services , such as IP television . "
But in its response to the telcos ' letter , the pro-net neutrality Open Internet Coalition , to which Google belongs , accuses AT&T of mischaractizing the words of both Google and Snowe .
When all is said , the telco " opposes a simple nondiscrimination rule to prevent network operators from discriminating against content and applications , " OIG charges , " exactly what is necessary to protect the interests of its subscribers . "
Still , in fairness to AT&T , whatever you think of its latest plan , the question of how to apply a " simple nondiscrimination rule " to the plethora of services that ISPs are required to carry appears to be anything but simple .
The challenge is implied by the very fact that the FCC has created a " managed services " exemption for its proposed Order .
And when it comes to " faster Internet for more cash , " deep - pocketed companies like Google can already buy better access by doing things like paying more for caching services , even co-locating caching servers in ISP data centers .
But those arrangements do not require the ISP 's own routers to give priority to any particular Web traffic .
Cicconi's missive concludes with support for an FCC launched advisory group to work on this problem and function as a source of " expert advice " for the agency on these complex issues .
" It could also provide a venue for airing concerns and seeking consensus , without the need for regulatory intervention , " Cicconi suggests .
" Finally , it could lead to the creation of other collaborative efforts between and among the participants . "
Globalis Warmanitis is a serious disease infecting hundreds of millions .
The symptoms start slowly , even one or two of the early warning signs are cause for concern .
If you have a family member or friend experiencing these symptoms , act quickly and get professional medical attention .
They could be the result of early onset Globalis Warmanitis .
Symptoms should be treated as an emergency , as the progress of the disease is rapidly approaching a tipping point .
Serious end stage physical symptoms have been reported , including ; dizzyness , blurred vision , urge to paint protest signs , hysteria , hot flashes , confusion , dementia , spontaneous nudity ( leading to frostbite ) and eventually psychosis .
If you have any of these early warning symptoms , please contact The Air Vent immediately for guidance .
All inquiries are kept 100 % public , guidance will be handled in a tough love manner by Dr. Id – B.S… .
M.D.
End stage symptoms include :
1. Belief in the unbiased truth of government funded science .
2. Belief that snow is a significant sign of global warming
3 . Belief that drops in global temperature are falsified by the guys drawing the squiggly lines .
4 . The absolute knowledge that every credible scientist believes in CO2 global warming
5 . A deep warm feeling that the UN IPCC has our best interests at heart
6. Knowledge of the complex science which shows that the sun does NOT heat the earth .
7 . Belief that big energy wants global warming to go away , because sales of expensive renewable energy are not in their best interest .
8. Understanding the reasons why Al Gore deserved his Nobel Prize .
9 . Belief that legislation of the right kind can regulate global temperature .
10 .
The belief that the earth has remained at the same temperature , unchanged for thousands of years .
If you , your family or friends are experiencing any of these symptoms , take heart because Dr. Id – B.S.M.D is here to help .
Together we can stop this pandemic before it ’s too late .
Last week , Barnes & Noble 's Nook e-book reader took on Amazon 's Kindle , joining the Sony Reader and several smaller players .
And that arena has only just begun to heat up ; in the next few months , a raft of additional models will appear .
One of my readers is alarmed by a precedent being set :
" When the iPod introduced music lovers to the idea of copy protection , a years - long war ensued between consumers and the RIAA ( and others ) .
The primary issue was that if I purchased a song for my music player , it would only play on that player ; I did n't really own it , per se .
Years later , we finally have digital music without copy protection .
" Enter the Kindle and the Nook and copy - protected books .
If I purchased a Kindle a year ago , and I have 30 books for it , and now want a Nook ... you can guess where this is going .
" Where are the upset people ?
I never see reports on how e-book copy protection is bad for consumers .
Did n't we learn anything from the music industry ?
Does this lock - in bother you ?
Am I missing something ? "
Who We Are
We are an experienced group of attorneys and legal professionals in Colorado Springs who are passionate about the law and our clients .
We start by listening .
Because we take a personal interest in you , we take the time necessary to completely understand your goals , needs , and objectives .
We then provide you with effective , honest , and ethical legal guidance that maximizes your chances for success .
JREF Swift Blog
Bright - Sided
In Barbara Erhenreich 's new book , Bright - Sided : How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking has Undermined America , Ehrenreich begins by recounting her own recent experiences with breast cancer and the oddities she encountered within the cancer - survivor positive thinking movement , which Erhenreich refers to as the “ Pink Ribbon Culture . ”
It 's hard to say whether it 's sad or merely pathetic that when she expressed a pragmatic attitude -- instead of the ultra - positive attitude that 's expected from those battling the dreaded scourge -- she was viciously attacked by those who would never even consider a negative thought about their disease .
Ehrenreich recounts how many cancer sufferers wax philosophic about how their lives are so much better now that they 've had life - threatening cancer , and that cancer itself is a " gift . "
Ehrenreich ultimately discovered that mere annoyance at her breast cancer was enough for other members of her support groups to castigate her and even attack her for her attitude .
Ehrenreich is down on positive thinking , and while remaining positive in the face of adversity certainly is n't pointless , she does have some very good points to make about how the Oprah generation " drank the Kool - Aid , " believing that if they want something , they need only think positively about it -- and if they do n't get what they want , then it 's their own damned fault for not being positive enough .
After discussion on cancer and health - related positivism , the author looks at how it pervades the white - collar working world to the point of functioning as a core belief for many workers .
Bright - Sided takes a long and hard look at positive thinking movements in the workplace and in white - collar society in general .
From people who make their living hocking various elements of the positive thinking product menagerie , from coaching to products that help consumers feel better about consumption .
Erhenreich actually goes through the process of job - hunting with recently laid - off white - collar workers and the time she spends following one gentleman from job hunting sessions to positive thinking sessions if frankly a little depressing .
During this process Ehrenreich is subsequently exposed to a series of positive thinking courses , books , pamphlets , and PT evangelists who offer not much more than a constant barrage of hackneyed sayings and trite reassurances .
Her thesis is that ultimately all of this positive thinking rhetoric is based entirely on a false premise .
Indeed , she dedicates an entire chapter to examining the roots of the positive thinking movement in America , beginning with its Calvinist underpinnings and it ’s breakout bible — Norman Vincent Peale ’s The Power of Positive Thinking — and interviewing positive thinking ‘ luminaries ’ such as Martin Seligman , who according to Ehrenreich seemed standoffish and pettily hostile , due to Ehrenreich ’s previous negative articles about positive thought .
Ehrenreich goes into great detail about Seligman ’s apparent attempts to brush her off and make a proper interview impossible .
Ehrenreich does n't have to stretch very far to show that blindly following a positive thinking pseudo - religion can be detrimental to society .
Indeed , Bright - Sided is chock full of examples of positive thinking leading people down the path of financial destruction , emotional emptiness , or both .
Ehrenreich dedicates a chapter to the way that PT has been interwoven with Christianity to produce a bizarre and disturbing trend toward combining PT , religion , and greed .
She devotes another ( appropriately titled “ God Wants You to be Rich ” ) to this phenomenon , examining televangelists such as Joyce Meyer and Joel Osteen , among others .
The messages that come out of these organizations are portrayed in a frank and honest way , and it ’s sobering to realize that real , live people believe them .
Ehrenreich reproduces Osteen ’s suggestion that PT and God can work together to get you seated in a crowded restaurant , if you simply pray : “ Father , I thank you that I have favor with this hostess , and she ’s going to seat me soon . ”
Ehrenreich 's thesis is that the positive thinking movement is nothing more than a method of rationalizing why only the top few really reap the benefits of the " American Dream . "
If you are a marginalized minority , unemployed , sick , without healthcare , it 's certainly not because you ’ve been victimized .
It ’s because of your attitude !
This is an attitude with implications beyond the socio-economic sphere .
When I worked as an RN in the oncology ward of a major hospital , the staff often spoke of a " cancer personality , " claiming that people with negative personalities were often those who came down with various forms of cancer .
It 's doubtful this is true , and in fact no scientific studies have born out the theory .
Indeed , it seems clear to me that the cancer - personality concept is just a way for people to place blame victims for a disease that is largely blameless .
Confirmation bias allows doctors and nurses to carry this belief through even very long careers , causing them to remember cancer patients with “ bad ” attitudes and forgetting those who suffered with a smile .
While I ’ve read a few reviews that have expressed disappointment in Ehrenreich 's attack on the positive thinking movement , her examination of the entirety the movement should serve as a warning to a culture that has effectively decided that attitude is everything .
Ehrenreich ultimately wades into deep waters when making judgments about the detriments of positive thinking — even seeming to suggest , at times , that optimism itself is our enemy .
Of course it ’s not .
The enemy , as always , is any notion carried to its irrational extremity .
The executions of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg in 1953 have gotten a fresh look in the past two years .
An association of historians and journalists have unearthed the long - secret grand jury transcripts from the Rosenberg case after years of litigation .
Their findings have been released by trickles on a website and in a few short news articles in America 's daily papers .
Most living Americans probably do n't know much about the Rosenberg case .
Perhaps all they know is that it was a case of a man and wife accused of spying or leaking some of America 's atomic secrets to the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
Most who know that much are probably aware that there has been controversy surrounding the case for decades .
Since the 1950s , opinions about the Rosenberg executions have tracked closely with peoples ' political views .
Those on the Left have long thought the Rosenberg prosecution represented bare - knuckled McCarthyesque hysteria , while those on the right have generally viewed the Rosenberg case to have been a soundly proven case of espionage .
The recent grand jury revelations provide fodder for both positions .
On the one hand , they shatter all doubts about whether Julius Rosenberg was a Communist spy .
He was .
His own sons , Michael and Robert Meeropol , who have long been champions of their parents ' exonerations , have partially recanted and resigned themselves to the reality that at least their father really was a committed Communist spy in common cause with the Soviet Union .
It is now undeniable that Julius Rosenberg and Martin Sobell forwarded certain military information to the Soviets ( although not the atomic secrets that allowed Russia to produce atomic bombs — those secrets were transmitted by high - ranking U.S. government officials , including the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury ) .
On the other hand , the transcripts reveal that Ethel Rosenberg was almost certainly innocent of the crimes she was executed for committing .
It appears that Ethel 's conviction was the result of perjured testimony by two government witnesses — her brother - and sister - in - law , David and Ruth Greenglass — who both testified at trial that Ethel Rosenberg had typed up notes regarding U.S. military systems provided by David Greenglass from the U.S. National Laboratory at Las Alamos .
In her recently unearthed 1950 grand jury testimony , Ruth Greenglass admitted it was she ( Greenglass ) — and not Ethel Rosenberg — who transcribed the notes , and in handwritten form .
Three Felonies a Day : ... Harvey A. Silverglate Best Price : $ 10.99 Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 04:35 EST - Details )
The differing versions of events described in the 1950 grand jury hearings ( which were secret ) and the 1951 trial proceedings cannot be reconciled .
Ruth Greenglass changed her story between the grand jury hearings and the trial so as to falsely implicate Ethel Rosenberg .
We know from several accounts that lawyers for the Justice Department coerced , threatened and coached the witnesses for days before the Rosenberg trial .
The government 's star witness , Harry Gold , had been prepped by four hundred hours of coaching by prosecutors and FBI agents .
The Feds apparently charged Ethel solely to coerce Julius into confessing — which he refused to do .
Prosecutors then fabricated the story that Ethel had typed up some atomic secrets from notes provided by David Greenglass in order to bolster their otherwise shoddy case against her .
The prosecutor said in closing arguments that Ethel " sat at that typewriter and struck the keys , blow by blow , against her country " — the words that are most remembered from the trial .
Lost in the discussion of the transcripts has been their astounding revelations regarding the grand jury process itself .
How could it take 50 years to reveal these government lies ?
How could the government conceal for half a century evidence that material testimony in one of the most closely watched trials of the twentieth century was perjured ?
The grand jury revelations highlight the fact that the grand jury process in the United States — especially at the federal level — has been hijacked by the government .
Ironically , the recent release of the Rosenberg grand jury transcripts is a major break from contemporary practice .
It is highly unusual for federal courts to order federal grand jury transcripts to be made public — especially after cases are closed .
Federal courts have even punished a reporter for airing the names of witnesses who testified three decades earlier in Jim Garrison ’s grand jury investigation of President Kennedy ’s assassination .
The grand jury is an ancient common law institution whose original purpose was to protect people from the prosecutorial power of the government .
Under the Fifth Amendment , the Constitution 's Framers intended that no criminal charges could ever be initiated by the government alone .
A citizen panel of 23 people ( more or less ) was supposed to act as an obstacle to prosecutors and ensure that any prosecution be preapproved by common people .
Yet today most commentators agree that the government can get any grand jury to " indict a ham sandwich . "
Federal " indictment rates " greater than 99 percent have been reported in some years .
In 2001 , federal grand juries declined to indict in only 21 cases nationwide .
" These numbers suggest that , whatever the reason , the federal grand jury now exercises very little power as a shield between the government and its citizens . "
The Tyranny of Good In ... Paul Craig Roberts , La ... Best Price : $ 6.96 Buy New $ 8.95 ( as of 07:10 EST - Details )
The story of how this once - proud institution fell under the control of the very prosecutors it was supposed to control is a long and tragic one .
During the nineteenth century , all three branches of government joined together to silence and deaden the institution .
Over time , it became common for government prosecutors to be present in grand jury hearings ( a practice strictly forbidden at the time of the Founding ) , and eventually prosecutors became managers of the proceedings .
In 1946 , all three branches approved the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure , which purported to codify for the first time the common law rules that govern criminal procedure at the federal level .
The rules pertaining to grand jury practice , however , were deliberately altered to evade the plain language of the Fifth Amendment ( " No person shall be held to answer for a capital , or otherwise infamous crime , unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury " ) .
A presentment is an independent statement of a grand jury not necessarily approved by a prosecutor .
For centuries before the enactment of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure , grand juries would issue presentments exposing government misconduct or accusing people of crimes known to the grand jurors themselves .
Occasionally , grand juries issued presentments that openly proclaimed a person 's innocence in defiance of the government 's allegations .
The government rule - makers in 1946 deliberately and calculatingly eliminated the possibility of a federal grand juries issuing non-government - approved statements or conclusions of any kind .
Since 1946 , any publicized presentments by federal grand jurors have been prohibited as violations of grand jury " secrecy " rules .
Indeed , grand jurors that release statements of any kind are now subject to possible five - year prison sentences .
By the time of the Rosenberg case , the grand jury process had been transformed into a rubber stamp for the government .
Federal prosecutors now dispense all evidence , witnesses and testimony to grand jurors , who then retire to a deliberation room to vote on whether to issue indictments .
Because the grand jurors are only given the government 's version of events and are generally unable to investigate matters on their own ( like grand juries did from the Founding period through the end of the nineteenth century ) , they almost always vote according to the Justice Department 's wishes .
In rare instances when grand juries refuse to indict , federal prosecutors simply present their same claims to a second ( or third , fourth or fifth ) grand jury until an indictment is issued .
In such cases , prosecutors have been known to lie to the later grand juries by falsely telling them that the first grand jury wanted to indict but ran out of time , etc .
There is never any punishment meted out for such lies .
Go Directly to Jail : T... Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 22.99 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
And there is more .
The Federal Rules strip grand jurors of their rightful control over the recordings of grand jury testimony , notes , and " any transcript prepared from those notes . "
Rule 6 (e ) places all grand jury transcripts in the hands of the U.S. Attorneys Office , giving an awesome power to the government never known under the common law .
Even federal judges do n't have easy access to the transcripts .
In recent decades , prosecutors have perfected the practices of granting immunity to selected witnesses , denying it to others , concealing inconvenient testimony or evidence from the public and generally leveraging facts and accusations into an overwhelming advantage over targeted defendants .
Defense attorneys , not even aware of what is said in the transcripts , are usually unable to challenge them .
What 's more , the U.S. Supreme Court has assured that this machine of tyranny can virtually never be challenged .
In two cases since the 1970s , the Court has held that grand jury improprieties are never appealable after conviction and can only be challenged in the most unusual circumstances via interlocutory appeal ( an extremely rare and disfavored pretrial device ) .
Of course , defense lawyers are systematically deprived of the means to make such challenges because the prosecutors keep all evidence of the improprieties in their own hands , and courts of appeals almost never grant hearings for interlocutory appeals in criminal cases even if by miracle some evidence of grand jury misconduct surfaces .
You & the Police !
Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 61.09 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
It is noteworthy that the very grand jury secrecy that now prevents grand jurors from revealing prosecutorial misconduct — the same secrecy that kept the Ruth Greenglass perjury in the Rosenberg case concealed from the public for 50 years — now operates as a mockery of the original intent behind grand jury privacy .
Under the common law , grand jury secrecy was a protection for grand jurors from intimidation by the government .
It is said to have first arisen in England in 1681 when the King demanded that a grand jury indict his rivals — the Earl of Shaftesbury and Steven Colledge — for treason .
The grand jury won the right to hold its proceedings in secret — away from the watchful eyes of the Crown prosecutor .
For two and a half centuries afterward , grand juries had the right to operate in secret — but to waive secrecy and issue public presentments when they concluded their investigations .
Today , however , the Federal Rules place the prosecutor directly within the grand jury room and expose any grand jurors who expose governmental improprieties to possible five - year prison sentences .
If the Justice Department 's libraries of grand jury transcripts were ever thrown open to public scrutiny , they would speak of prosecutorial misconduct on a massive scale .
We know this because those few cases such as the Rosenberg case in which grand jury proceedings have been unsealed have revealed a level of misconduct and abuse by prosecutors that can only be described as systematic and pervasive .
One federal judge recently wrote that in twenty - three years of occasionally examining grand jury transcripts to resolve pretrial motions , he had never once seen a case where prosecutors gave grand juries accurate legal instructions .
For all its infamy and notoriety , the Rosenberg case is fairly typical of the systematic injustice that federal criminal law has degenerated into .
As with so many other federal cases , the most guilty and loathsome characters ( e.g. , Ruth and David Greenglass ) went unpunished or were given light sentences , while minor players — Julius and Ethel Rosenberg — were prosecuted to the max .
The government 's most fearsome prosecutions were and are reserved for those who refused to ally themselves with the state .
David Greenglass , who was caught red -handed and quickly became a government witness to save his own skin , watched as his own lies sent his innocent sister to the electric chair .
And , of course , the federal prosecutors who suborned perjury in the same case were lauded as great heroes .
One of them became a justice on the New York Supreme Court .
November 18 , 2009
The Best of Roger I. Roots , J.D. , Ph.D .
Wooded areas between open trails are not patrolled and have no skier / snowboarder services .
If you ski / snowboard in wooded areas , you are solely responsible for yourself .
Enter and exit only from marked open trails .
You should be an expert skier / snowboarder .
Do not ski / ride alone .
Unmarked obstacles exist throughout .
If you ski / ride in areas other than open and designated trails , you are voluntarily accepting additional responsibility for injury or death .
When you enter areas between or outside designated trails , you have entered the unknown .
These areas are not maintained or patrolled .
You are assuming risks that may include getting lost or suffering other harm or injury .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Tedd Petruna : Real American Hero "
( 25 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 12/5/2009 @ 1:42 pm PT ...
Memo to Ted Petruna : Better lay off the Jack Daniels .
The dream you had during the drunken stupor that caused you to miss your flight --- the one in which you imagined yourself heroically saving the lives of passengers from a group of Muslim men you never met , was just that , a dream !
Your dissembling pals over at Fox " News " ?
Now there 's where you can find the " real " American nightmare .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Max - 1 said on 12/5/2009 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
What 's next ...
... Carving letters into your own face ?
http://www.thepittsburgh...ews/17789356/detail.html
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 12/5/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
This is going Viral Hahahahaha Debbie Schlussel who I 1st heard on Howard Stern years ago ( laughed at what an Idiot she was ) now has updated this story !
Another Muslim Hijacking Dry Run? : If True , Tedd Petruna ’s My New Hero ; UPDATE : CONFIRMED
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 12/5/2009 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
The comments on Debbie 's post are better then anything on TV right now ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 12/5/2009 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
Remember we were having a debate in a thread that we were " name calling " saying " teabaggers " and we were just as bad as the right 's name calling ?
I said that the teabaggers themselves unknowingly named themselves the " teabaggers " and we were n't making fun of them , we were just calling them what they call themselves .
Rachel Maddow does the research and proves this is true : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZFtGUNyHdo
I gave my own proof at the time .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 12/6/2009 @ 2:27 am PT ...
Could have said , " saved passengers from 9 - 11 hijackers " since some of the 19 accused of hijacking dem planes turned out to BE VERY MUCH ALIVE .
Not to mention , NO arab hijackers were found on passenger lists in the 1st place . "
I remember this point came out in the 3rd 9 - 11 movie by Dillon Avery called Loose Change Final Cut .
Author Professor David Ray Griffin also brought this point up at a San Diego State U lecture I attended as well as evidence that questions the whole phone conversation that turned passengers into heroes at the Shanksville crash .
This is also the ONLY EVIDENCE to support that box cutters were used in the takeover .
This phone conversation was supposedly NOT POSSIBLE because the plane exceeded an altitude where cell phone and air phone communication ( although not equipped on this plane ) was NOT POSSIBLE .
A man claimed he spoke to his passenger wife on a cell phone who related the hijacking from a cell phone conversation .
In that instance , he related from her that passengers fought back and diverted the intended target eventually causing the plane to go down in Pennsylvania .
Unfortunately there was n't much to investigate because only parts of a cockpit and a dark spot where the earth was scorched in a field was THE CRASH SITE .
Not a joke .
Wings , engines , luggage , body parts , were NOT ACCOUNTED FOR AT SHANKSVILLE .
Why Grizz ?
This is very uncommon for a regular plane crash to the extent that it is out of the realm of possibility UNLESS the jet was shot down .
In this scenario , the aircraft that was 30 % full like the other 3 involved would have probably dropped parts and debrie for over 1 mile which would make complete sense for the fact that the FCKING PLANE was missing at ground zero .
Why was it shot down Grizz ?
Do n't exactly know but I do know the people who 9 - 11 are still running out country and more disturbing have gotten away with killing 3000 Americans on 9 - 11 and over 1 million in wars they created using the excuse to going after the terrorists responsible .
WHITE ALQAIDA NEEDS TO BE PROSECUTED IN A WORLD COURT .
Corporations are bleeding Americans of their last tax dollars and treasury because their secretive power still mystifies those hypnotized by THEIR corporate mass media propaganda machine .
FcK FAUX !!!
Way to go cowboy !
Congradulations on saving another Arab hijacked jetliner in your bushit dream ?
Was it the turban that tipped you off or was it the length of the boxcutter blades ?
Or was he armed with styling gel and toothpaste ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 12/6/2009 @ 6:58 am PT ...
To quote Debbie Schlussel from Brad 's article - update ...
" it 's all true .
WAKE .
UP .
AMERICA .
We are under siege . "
Yes we are under siege ... from the corporate funded lie machine referred to as mainstream media .
We 're under siege from Wall Street , defense contractors and central banks .... we 're under siege from a right wing cabal of power mad rats who belong in a mental hospital ...
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... IntelVet said on 12/6/2009 @ 7:39 am PT ...
IANAL , but , can we turn debbie into the TSA for fomenting terror ?
Acting as a terrorist , herself ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 12/6/2009 @ 9:51 am PT ...
GBD , From what I remember from eyewitness testimony in Shanksville ( and I do n't have the source but I remember it well and I could hunt it down ) , there was a low flying plane that people were able to describe that fit the description of an A - 10 Warthog ( I think that was the plane - again , I remember the report well , eyewitness saying there was unusual military plane activity in the area . )
I 'll get searching for that report .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 12/6/2009 @ 9:57 am PT ...
GBD - disregard A - 10 reference .
I found the report I was looking for , it 's been a couple of years since I 've looked at it , and no doubt you are already familiar .
But for everyone else : Shanksville .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 12/6/2009 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
I know it 's wrong .
I know I 'm a bad , bad kitty ... but whenever I read about a " Gene Hackemack " in this tale about a wanna - be hijacking gone awry ... a voice in my head keeps yelling " Miss Teschmacher !
Miss Teschmacher ! "
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... StewartIII said on 12/7/2009 @ 1:39 am PT ...
" The evil FNC has once again been embarrassed , exposed , and debunked !
It 's all about a kerfuffle on a TranAir flight that somehow got interpreted as a " dry run " for a terrorist attack .
And of course Fox News jumped on the story .
Or did they ?
We first spotted this at something called Chattabox : "
-
' A fraudulent email making the rounds of the right - wing blogosphere this past week , from Glenn Beck ’s 9/12 site to Fox News , relayed the amazing first - hand tale of an heroic patriotic Texan who practically single - handily thwarted a “ terrorist dry run ” on a flight from Atlanta to Houston . '
-
" It 's not clear just when this fraudulent email made its way to FNC , as Mr Chattabox does n't reveal that information .
The only other reference to Fox News is a mention in the email itself of a foxnews.com report -- which of course was published before the email was sent .
( This story on foxnews.com is a short Associated Press piece in the " local news " section .
It says [ nothing about a dry run ] but simply describes a dispute over a phone call that delayed a flight . ) "
http://www.foxnews.com/s...ry/0,2933,575558,00.html
---
" Chattabox , with zero documentation , claimed Fox pushed a fraudulent email .
Where did they get [ this ] idea from ?
We found this at Keith Olbermann 's favorite blog , the Daily Kos , where HankNYNY 's headline took aim at the real villain of the piece -- Fox News ! "
http://wwww.dailykos.com...-Islamist-Hijack-Attempt
-
' DEBUNKED : FOX News - Debbie Schlussel - 9/12 Project All Backed " Dry Run " Islamist Hijack Attempt '
-
" Now here 's a coincidence .
Just like Chattabox , Kos 's exposé of this blatant Fox News error makes no mention whatsoever of just how Fox " backed " the claim of a " dry run " .
Nothing !
Perhaps mindful of this fact , the Kossack later added a comment to his own post : "
-
' FOX News ran an interview w Robinson [ Schlussel ] .
I wanted to clarify the headline , since no other primary source was from FOX News in my diary . '
-
" Keith Robinson was another passenger on this plane , and as a source for his alleged Fox News " interview " Hank cites ... Debbie Schlussel , whom Hank has just attacked as untrustworthy !
We checked out [ Schlussel 's piece ] , and she does n't say FNC did an interview with this guy .
She reprints someone else 's email mentioning a Robinson appearance on Fox News .
So Hank's " proof " is an email from one of the people he 's debunking .
That 's his source for smearing Fox News ?! ? "
http://www.debbieschluss...dd-petrunas-my-new-hero/---
" We looked long and hard for this " Fox News " interview with Keith Robinson , without success .
Regardless , for HankNYNY this detail was too good to check , so he made it the lead in his headline !
And he 's not the only one who sought to implicate FNC .
The esteemed Brad Blog sneered : " https://bradblog.com/?p=7559
-
' Rightwing Muslim - fearing Fox " News " - addled cowards live in an alternate - reality fantasy world entirely of their own making . '
-
" The first comment to this post : "
-
' Your dissembling pals over at Fox " News " ?
Now there 's where you can find the " real " American nightmare . '
***
J$P : FOX Haters Week in Review
http://homepage.mac.com/...s/blog/hfm281834930.html
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... TLV said on 12/7/2009 @ 8:14 am PT ...
The right is so far down the memory hole , it will be a miracle if they ever resurface .
Can you imaginenwaht thei reaction would be if we found out that Joe Biden spent even one second of one of his days playing " war games ? "
But we are supoposed to act as if it is oh , so normal for the vice president standing in as president while the real one was in a classroom in Florida , to do so on the ONE DAY in our history that four planes are highjacked and flown into buildings and the ground in Shanksville ?
In addition , we are supposed to think it an amazing coincidence that FEMA was holding drills at the site of the Twin Towers at exactly the same time ?
Wow .
Osama Bin Laden sure is great with logistics .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 12/7/2009 @ 8:16 am PT ...
Does anyone remember the FBI 's wanted poster for the Unabomber --- the poster that showed him wearing a hoodie ?
I remember wondering for years if the FBI had classified evidence that the Unabomber could n't remove that hoodie .
Now I wonder : do all Arab terrorists insist on wearing Arab headdress when they test the system ?
Is it something to do with giving the great Satan a sporting chance ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Jeff Adams said on 12/7/2009 @ 9:11 am PT ...
I was reading your page and wondering why you guys hate America so .
Oh , I agree that greed and entitlement have melted the fabric of what our founders built upon , however , I also understand that we should all be thankful that we live in this country .
The very country that sends men and women into war in order to defend the right of " the people " to decry the misuse of power .
Try posting this page in most other countries and see the response you get from the government .
But I doubt seriously that any of you will understand that some day , God forbide , oh thats right , you do n't believe in God , but God forbide that another Muslim extremist plys his dirty trade and attacks us , killing hundreds or thousands .
Yes , Christianity has its skeleton , but I have been a Christian since 1975 , and to this day I do n't know of any Christians who is for killing Muslims , or gays , yet Muslim continue to kill and injure even their own .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 12/7/2009 @ 9:49 am PT ...
Jeff Adams @ 15 OR
Maybe we love this country so much that we 're willing to speak up when it 's wrong and injuring itself and it 's citizens .
You know like a drug addicted family member that has an intervention when his / her behavior has become intolerable .
We care enough to speak the truth to that which we love ... when the country we love has been hi-jacked by religious zealots seeking armeggedon and holy war , greedy bankers whose only allegiance is to profits and a media that caters to the lie and the profane .
You say ...
Yes , Christianity has its skeleton , but I have been a Christian since 1975 , and to this day I do n't know of any Christians who is for killing Muslims , or gays , yet Muslim continue to kill and injure even their own .
Why do n't you google Erik Prince of Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) or any number of " Christian militias " who are this very moment training for resistence to this government ... and your last line ...
You should do some research on our own revolutionary war , and apply those sentiments to Iraqies and Afghanies whose country has been occupied by foriegn invaders .
You profess to be a Christian ... but you ignore Christ 's central commandment ...
Love your neighbor as you love yourself
It takes some pretzel like twisting to conflate loving one 's neighbor into bombing him to hell and occupying his land .
But hey ... whatever helps you sleep at night .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... mr.ed said on 12/7/2009 @ 10:07 am PT ...
The manure piles are bigger in Texas , too .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 12/7/2009 @ 11:14 am PT ...
RE : Brad 's update on the Petruna scam ...
Reached at [ NASA's ] Johnson Space Center 's Neutral Buoyancy Lab this morning [ where he works ] , Petruna told TPMmuckraker that despite AirTran 's assertion , he was on the flight .
He would n't say much , though , because " I 'm in the middle of a lawsuit about this right now . "
We 're not sure whether a lawsuit has actually been filed or what it would be about , though Petruna told Schlussel , the right - wing columnist , that he was mulling a defamation suit .
I wonder if the public can mull over a lawsuit against Petruna and Schlussel for defaming our collective intellects .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 12/7/2009 @ 1:01 pm PT ...
I have to laugh at comment # 15 Jeff Adams , Jeff : we 're killing a MILLION Muslims right now in these wars !
We displaced FOUR million Iraqi citizens who wanted to get away from our bombing !
Are you cracking up ?
What are YOU looking at ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... IntelVet said on 12/7/2009 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
Yes , Christianity has its skeleton , but I have been a Christian since 1975 , and to this day I do n't know of any Christians who is for killing Muslims , or gays , yet Muslim continue to kill and injure even their own .
Jeff , 115 people subsequently found innocent , executed by the US .
Only difference is in the US they do n't kill them in open air stadiums , they hide them away in little killing rooms .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 12/7/2009 @ 4:57 pm PT ...
Quote of the day ?
" they consider the matter an airline customer service issue . " - T.S.A
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Questionman said on 12/7/2009 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
Times when left - wing stories are exposed ...
once every two - three months .
Times when right - wing stories are exposed ...
EVERY SINGLE DAY !!!!
24-7 !!!!
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Peter Venkman said on 12/13/2009 @ 2:35 am PT ...
I love how everybody accepts what the Airlines tell them as absolute fact .
These corporate raiders will lie to your face to keep the bucks rolling in .
The Government will assist them to keep the rest of you sheeple thinking we are somehow safer or more prepared now than on 9/10/01 .
I do n't know Petruna guy , and I do n't know if he is a liar , but let 's not delude ourselves into thinking TSA or the airlines are honest and honorable .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... L hastings said on 12/13/2009 @ 11:20 am PT ...
If you read the account of what the airline is saying that he never made that flight .
How did Mr. Petruna know what when on if he was not on that plane ?
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 12/18/2009 @ 6:37 am PT ...
Appearing on The Alex Jones Show yesterday , Lord Christopher Monckton went further than ever before in his vehement opposition to the elitists running the climate change scam , calling for the UN to be shut down and for fraudulent peddlers of global warming propaganda like Al Gore to be arrested and criminally prosecuted .
Monckton said that those who are threatening to shut down economies , bankrupt nations , and deepen the problems of the third world by implementing draconian policies in the name of global warming should be indicted , prosecuted and imprisoned “ for a very long time ” .
“ The fraudsters and racketeers from Al Gore to the people at the University of East Anglia who have been making their fortune at the expense of taxpayers and the little guy , ” should be criminally charged , said Monckton , in response to the climategate scandal .
“ We the people have got to rise up worldwide , found a party in every country which stands for freedom and make sure we fight this bureaucratic communistic world government monster to a standstill – they shall not pass , ” he added .
Monckton said that the United Nations should be “ closed down , ” adding that he talked to a senior UN ambassador in Canada who told him that he no longer saw any purpose in the UN and it exists “ only to enrich itself at the expense of the nations it claims to serve , it ’s time it was brought to an end . ”
“ We would all save billions if we shut down the UN and just about all of its hideous bureaucracy , ” said Monckton .
Lord Monckton emphasized how the emails released as a result of climategate prove that global warming alarmism was still prevalent in public but behind closed doors , warmist scientist are admitting that the “ deniers ” as they label people like Monckton are correct .
“ Publicly they ’re saying the science is settled , we ’re all doomed unless you close down the economies of the west , whereas privately they ’re saying to each other ‘ we ’ve got it wrong , none of this adds up and it ’s a travesty that we ca n’t explain it ’. ”
Monckton also slammed Obama ’s science czar John P. Holdren , who in his 1977 book Ecoscience called for draconian population measures to be enforced by a “ planetary regime ” in the name of saving the earth , as an “ openly admitted communist ” .
Monckton pointed out how Holdren had been once of the most prominent alarmists in the 70’s warning about the onset of rapid “ global cooling ” .
“ Now with seamless mendacity he says that what we ’re now facing is global warming , ” said Monckton .
“ How can anyone like Holdren stand up with a straight face and expect anyone to believe it , ” he added .
Monckton said that the agenda behind the global warming movement was to set up a communistic world government which will be run by people who “ do not care how many people they kill with their policies ” and that their goal is to “ do away with democracy forever by stealth using the excuse to save the planet . ”
Monckton said that the people running the scam had a “ deliberate desire to control population by killing people in large numbers deliberately if necessary . ”
The former advisor to Margaret Thatcher said that the warmists were sounding more and more desperate and knew that they had been rumbled as a result of climategate , which would only make it more urgent for them to try and force through a binding treaty in Copenhagen .
Monckton said that the answer to combating the move towards neo-feudalism and global government was to form a worldwide “ freedom party ” that would operate nationally in every country in order to defend freedom , democracy and prosperity while routing out every aspect of the communistic takeover .
“ Every time these people try to take it away , we in the freedom party will stop them , and I think now is the time , ” said Monckton .
Watch the interview in full below .
Of all the explanations for Barack Obama 's Nobel peace prize , the one that rang truest came from Nicolas Sarkozy .
" It sets the seal on America 's return to the heart of all the world 's peoples . "
In other words , this was Europe 's way of saying to America , " We love you again " , like those weird renewal - of - vows ceremonies couples have after a rough patch .
Now Europe and the US are officially reunited , it seems appropriate to consider whether this is necessarily a good thing .
The Nobel committee , which awarded the prize for Obama 's embrace of " multilateral diplomacy " , is evidently convinced that US engagement on the world stage is a triumph for peace and justice .
I 'm not so sure .
After nine months in office , Obama has a clear track record as a global player .
Again and again , US negotiators have chosen not to strengthen international laws and protocols but to weaken them , often leading other rich countries in a race to the bottom .
Let 's start where the stakes are highest : climate change .
During the Bush years , European politicians distinguished themselves from the US by expressing their unshakable commitment to the Kyoto protocol .
So while the US increased its carbon emissions by 20 % from 1990 levels , European Union countries reduced theirs by 2 % .
Not stellar , but clearly a case where the EU 's break - up with America carried tangible benefits for the planet .
Flash forward to the high - stakes climate negotiations that have just wrapped up in Bangkok .
The talks were supposed to lead to a deal in Copenhagen this December that significantly strengthens Kyoto .
Instead , the developed countries formed a bloc calling for Kyoto to be replaced .
Where Kyoto set clear and binding targets for emission reductions , the US plan would have each country decide how much to cut , then submit its plans to international monitoring – with nothing but wishful thinking to ensure this all keeps the planet 's temperature below catastrophic levels .
And where Kyoto put the burden of responsibility squarely on the rich countries that created the climate crisis , the new plan treats all countries the same .
These kinds of weak proposals were not altogether surprising coming from the US ; what was shocking was the sudden unity of the rich world around the plan – including many countries that had previously sung the praises of Kyoto .
And there were more betrayals : the EU , which had indicated it would spend between $ 19bn and $ 35 bn a year to help developing countries adapt to climate change , came to Bangkok with a much lower offer , one more in line with the US pledge of … nothing .
Oxfam 's Antonio
Hill summed up the talks like this : " When the starting gun fired , it became a race to the bottom , with rich countries weakening existing commitments under the international framework . "
This is n't the first time a much - celebrated return to the negotiating table has resulted in overturned tables , with hard - won international laws and conventions scattered on the floor .
The US played a similar role at the United Nations conference on racism in April .
After extracting all sorts of deletions from the negotiating text – no references to Israel or the Palestinians , nothing on slavery reparations – the Obama administration decided to boycott anyway , pointing to the fact that the new text reaffirmed the document adopted in 2001 in Durban .
It was a flimsy excuse , but there was some kind of logic to it , since the US had never signed the 2001 agreement .
What made no sense was the wave of copycat withdrawals from the rich world .
Within 48 hours of the US announcement , Italy , Australia , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand and Poland had pulled out .
Unlike the US , these governments had all signed the 2001 declaration , so they had no reason to object to a document that reaffirmed it .
It did n't matter .
As with the climate change talks , lining up behind Obama – with his impeccable reputation – was an easy way to avoid burdensome obligations and look progressive at the same time : a service the US was never able to provide during the Bush years .
The US has had a similarly corrupting influence as a new member of the UN human rights council .
Its first big test was Judge Richard Goldstone 's courageous report on Israel 's Gaza onslaught , which found that war crimes had been committed by both the Israeli army and Hamas .
Rather than prove its commitment to international law , the US used its clout to smear the report as " deeply flawed " and to strong - arm the Palestinian Authority into withdrawing a supportive resolution .
The PA , which faced a furious backlash at home for caving in to US pressure , may introduce a new version .
And then there are the G20 summits , Obama 's highest profile multilateral engagements .
At the April meeting in London , it seemed for a moment there might be some kind of co-ordinated attempt to rein in transnational financial speculators and tax dodgers .
Sarkozy even pledged to walk out of the summit if it failed to produce serious regulatory commitments .
But the Obama administration had no interest in genuine multilateralism , advocating instead that countries should come up with their own plans ( or not ) and hope for the best – much like its reckless climate - change plan .
Sarkozy , needless to say , did not walk anywhere but to the photo session , to have his picture taken with Obama .
Of course , Obama has made some good moves on the world stage – like not siding with the Honduras coup government , or supporting a UN women 's agency .
But a clear pattern has emerged : in areas where other rich nations were teetering between principled action and negligence , US interventions have tilted them toward negligence .
If this is the new era of multilateralism , it is no prize .
This year provided plenty of cosmic eye - openers for astronomers and casual stargazers alike .
Neighborhood planets such as Mercury and Jupiter received makeovers in both a scientific and literal sense .
The discovery of water on the moon and Mars provided clues to the past , not to mention hints for the future of space exploration .
A class of newly - detected " Super - Earth " planets around alien stars may ultimately prove more habitable than Earth .
And a growing fleet of existing , new and revived space telescopes promises another stellar year ahead .
Here are the stories that stood out :
9. Oddball Objects
Earth had a front row seat to a multitude of space objects in 2009 , with stunning meteor showers , wayward space rocks buzzing the planet and weird lights in the sky – both natural and man-made .
Annual light shows such as the Leonid meteor shower continued to dazzle , but some space rocks came a bit too close for comfort .
An asteroid exploded over Indonesia with the force of several Hiroshima bombs on Oct. 8 , 2009 , and became the biggest space rock to take aim at Earth in more than a decade .
Weird and wonderful man-made lights also joined the natural light displays this year .
NASA launched an experimental rocket that briefly recreated eerie night - shining clouds in September .
But the strangest display of all came from a spiraling shape that appeared above Norway in December and sparked massive speculation about extraterrestrials or rogue meteors – before Russia 's defense ministry confirmed that a failed launch had sent a missile spiraling out of control .
8. Mercury , Unmasked
Planet Mercury received a major scientific makeover in 2009 , when NASA 's MESSENGER probe completed a third and final flyby in September 2009 that should help guide the spacecraft into a Mercury orbit in 2011 .
A third encounter with Mercury not only helped map up to 98 percent of the planet 's surface , but also showed that the surface contains high amounts of heavy metals such as iron and titanium .
The surprise has forced scientists to rethink how the small planet evolved .
The latest close - up also revealed changing seasons on the planet closest to the sun .
Such seasonal shifts take the form of varying chemical compositions in Mercury 's thin atmosphere .
7. The Most Massive Black Hole
There 's big , and then there 's galactic big .
A supermassive black hole became the reigning heavyweight champ this year with 6.4 billion times the mass of the sun , after astrophysicists revised earlier estimates of the monster 's size by two or three times through computer modeling and telescope observations .
The behemoth sits at the heart of the giant galaxy M87 , not unlike the massive black hole at the center of our own Milky Way galaxy .
Other black holes in nearby large galaxies may now also get a second look , so do n't rule out a new black hole challenger in the coming years .
6. Year of the Space Telescope
A new generation of space telescopes launched in 2009 , aimed at seeking out new worlds or unraveling long - standing mysteries of the cosmos .
Perhaps none garnered more attention than NASA 's planet - hunting Kepler spacecraft , which can detect distant worlds based on the tell - tale dip in light created by a planet as it crosses in front of Earth 's view of the parent star .
Other notable newcomers include Europe 's Herschel and Planck space observatories , which took their first glimpses into the universe this year .
Herschel represents the most powerful infrared space telescope ever launched into space , while Planck seeks to survey the " first light " from the universe that emerged shortly after the Big Bang .
Last but not least , NASA 's WISE spacecraft launched in December with the goal of scanning the infrared sky 1 - 1/ 2 times during its mission lifetime .
These next - gen telescopes join an older crowd that includes NASA 's Chandra and Europe 's XMM Newton X - ray observatories , which both celebrated their 10th anniversaries this year .
5. Water Ice on Mars
Making the case for a once - wet Mars has never looked better than in 2009 .
Space rocks lent a helping hand to science by gouging out craters in the Martian surface that revealed almost 99 percent pure water ice near the surface – possible remnants of buried ice sheets that may cover almost half the planet .
An extensive map of the valleys crisscrossing the red planet points to a possible ocean in the planet 's past , scientists say .
NASA 's intrepid Opportunity rover has also continued to provide a close - up view of evidence that water may have helped shape the Martian surface .
One of the biggest lingering questions going forward into 2010 is whether liquid water can still exist on the Martian surface .
A string of globules attached to the legs of NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander represents possible but controversial evidence for liquid Martian water , according to NASA scientists who reviewed the mission 's five - month stint from last year .
4. First Rocky Planet Around Alien Star
Two of the biggest exoplanet discoveries to date occurred in 2009 , as planet hunters took first steps toward finding Earth - like planets outside our solar system .
Both cases involved spotting distant worlds passing in front of their parent stars , rather than merely inferring the existence of planets based on the gravitational wobble that they cause in parent stars .
First , astronomers confirmed the first rocky world spotted in orbit around another star .
Called CoRoT - 7b , the planet represents the first known exoplanet with a density similar to that of Earth – even if the planetary surface seems less Earth - like with scorching temperatures soaring above 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit ( 1,000 degrees Celsius ) .
A second rocky , water - rich world , named GJ 1214b , also became the first " Super - Earth " to have a confirmed atmosphere .
The growing handful of Super - Earths , or planets with masses between that of Earth and Neptune , now stand out among the hundreds of Jupiter - like gas giants detected in orbit around other stars .
Some scientists believe that such Super - Earths could ultimately prove better than Earth at fostering the existence of life .
3. Hubble Telescope Peers Deeper Into the Universe
NASA 's beloved Hubble Space Telescope survived deep - space surgery and emerged in better shape than ever in 2009 .
The 19 - year - old telescope then celebrated its rebirth by spotting what might be the oldest , most distant galaxies ever discovered .
Hubble 's new Wide Field Camera 3 peered into the infrared wavelengths – about twice as long and " redder " than visible light – to spot galaxies that formed 600 million years after the theoretical Big Bang , or roughly 13.1 billion years ago .
If confirmed , the find may replace the current titleholders for earliest known galaxies and most distant object in the universe .
Records aside , Hubble also found time to scope out an unexpected impact on Jupiter .
2. Jupiter Under Fire
What an amateur astronomer first reported as a new dark spot on Jupiter turned out to be a huge planetary bruise the size of the Pacific Ocean , left by a wayward asteroid or comet in the summer of 2009 .
The massive cosmic impact easily rivaled another from 15 years ago , when Comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 walloped the king of the planets .
Astronomers estimated the culprit behind the impact as being no bigger than half a kilometer ( 0.3 miles ) in size .
Yet such a cosmic object would have contained thousands of times the energy of the Tunguska impact on Earth , which exploded over Siberia in 1908 and flattened an area as big as a city .
An impact of similar size on Earth would have likely proved catastrophic .
But Earth observers can count their lucky stars this year and every year for Jupiter , which attracts dangerous space rocks with its massive size and gravitational pull .
1. Water on the Moon
Perhaps no other space science revelation this year proved as significant as the discovery of water on the moon .
A moon long described as a barren , dry environment now dangles the tantalizing possibility of lunar colonies , not to mention a launching point for more distant space exploration .
Scientists first confirmed the traces of water in the uppermost layers of the lunar surface , based on detections of either water or a hydroxyl group ( oxygen and hydrogen chemically bonded ) made by India 's Chandrayaan - 1 , NASA 's Cassini spacecraft and NASA 's Deep Impact probe .
But their findings , detailed in a paper that came out in the Sept. 25 issue of the journal Science , had only just scratched the surface .
Then NASA 's LCROSS probe slammed into the lunar south pole in October , and everything changed once more .
The plume of debris thrown up by the probe 's impact revealed water ice , and lots of it .
Such ice could either become drinking water for future astronauts and colonists , or could provide hydrogen for rocket fuel .
Knowing that water awaits humans on the moon provides a validation of sorts for NASA 's goal of putting boots back on the lunar surface .
And it may also provide a much - needed boost for new generations of scientists and space explorers to continue pushing into the unknown for 2010 and beyond .
Five years after discovering some of the strangest creatures in the world – mouthless worms that live in the bones of dead whales – scientists have taken a peek into their genes .
Though not complete , the glimpse shows these creatures to be far more complicated than was known .
The worms , found in a gray whale skeleton off the coast of California , prompted scientists to designate them as representatives of an entirely new genus , dubbed Osedax .
They belonged to a taxonomic family of marine worms that lack mouths and anuses , and rely entirely on bacteria to absorb and excrete nutrients .
But Osedax was unique : Adult males were extremely small , and lived in colonies inside the females .
Even more strikingly , they occupied an evolutionary niche comprised entirely of fallen whales .
" Picture the bottom of the ocean .
Anything below 1000 meters is fed entirely by ' marine snow ' — the things that are supported by photosynthesis at the top of the ocean , and the things that eat them , and eventually fall to the ocean floor , " said Robert Vrijenhoek , a senior scientist at the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute .
" When a whale drops into your neighborhood , it 's roughly equivalent to 2000 years of marine snow falling in a millisecond . "
Since the discovery by Vrijenhoek and other MBARI researchers of Osedax , other species have been found in whalebones off the coast of Sweden and Japan .
( Some of their names hint at the genus ' weirdness : Osedax mucofloris roughly translates to " bone - eater snot - flower , " in honor of its appearance . )
A total of five species have now been named , enough for a comparison of their genetic characteristics to provide insight into their evolutionary history .
In a study published Tuesday in BMC Biology , Vrijenhoek looked for similarities and differences in five genes across the species .
In much the same way that comparing genes from humans and Neanderthals would hint at the existence of other members of the Homo genus , the analysis suggested at least 12 more as - yet - unidentified lineages of Osedax .
The worms might still be out there , though some may have gone extinct .
It 's believed that modern whaling , which drove many whale species to the brink of extinction , may have had equally profound effects on Osedax .
The genetic results also raise the question of just how long the whalebone - eating worms have existed .
The five species appear to have shared a common ancestor at least 45 million years ago , when whales arose and diversified .
But Osedax might have emerged even earlier , during the Cretaceous , and moved to whales when marine dinosaurs died out .
To figure that out , scientists will need to look for traces of Osedax in the fossils of dinosaurs and early whales .
In the meantime , Vrijenhoek and others are learning more about how the worms live now .
Since whale carcasses are hard to come by , the researchers have lured them with carcasses of other animals .
" The worms can live perfectly happily on cowbones , " said Vrijenhoek .
" We 've also put down sea lion bones and pig bones .
The worms do n't seem to care . "
Images : 1 ) MBARI .
2 ) University of Copenhagen .
To see Osedax in real - time , visit the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute 's ocean - floor webcam , near which the researchers recently sank a pig .
See Also :
Citation : " A remarkable diversity of bone - eating worms ( Osedax ; Siboglinidae ; Annelida ) . "
By Robert C. Vrijenhoek , Shannon B. Johnson and Greg W. Rouse .
BMC Biology , Vol. 7 , No. 74 , published online November 10 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Click to view
Is your dog in heat and humping anything it can wrap its horny little legs around ?
Are you constantly having to pry your promiscuous pooch off the legs of guests , parents and members of your church ?
Protect your leg from a hump attack by getting Scruffy a Hotdoll .
Yes , it 's a sex doll for dogs .
It 's shaped like a dog and it'll allow your tension - filled pet to go to town as much as his little heart desires , humping away until he passes out in exhaustion , leaving a wispy coil of friction - singed dog - fur smoke wafting into the air .
God , I love the Internet .
Hit the jump for more hot dog - on - doll action shots .
Do n't pretend like you do n't want to see them .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hotdoll [ FeelAddicted ]
This is the second time in a week that a bill auction has closed at exactly 0 % .
The Treasury has auctioned off $ 57 billion since December which is yielding absolutely nothing .
Surely , this can go on forever .
In fact , can the US reverse roll all of its $ 7 trillion in marketable securities in the form of 1 months ?
That would surely help the deficit as no interest has to be paid by the US .
Ever .
A 3 - kilometre - long space ‘ stocking ’ made of a cylindrical mesh of carbon fibres could be charged up using a coating of a radioactive isotope ; the stocking would then be propelled through space by Earth ’s magnetic field ( Illustration : NASA / M Peck )
Future spacecraft may surf the magnetic fields of Earth and other planets , taking previously unfeasible routes around the solar system , according to a proposal funded by NASA ’s Institute for Advanced Concepts .
The electrically charged craft would not need rockets or propellant of any kind .
Mason Peck of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , US , has received a grant to study the idea , which is based on the fact that magnetic fields exert forces on electrically charged objects .
He says a satellite could charge itself up in one of two ways – either by firing a beam of charged particles into space , or simply by allowing a radioactive isotope to emit charged particles .
The charged satellite would then be gently pushed by Earth ’s rotating magnetic field , enabling it to change orbit and even escape to interplanetary space .
Early signs suggest the idea may work .
In one experiment at Binghamton University in New York , US , Peck ’s colleague Jim Brownridge connected a small conducting sphere to a piece of radioactive Americium 241 inside a vacuum chamber , successfully charging up the sphere .
Advertisement
But the amount of charge held by a sphere at a given voltage , a quantity known as its capacitance , is not very large .
Long , thin filaments , on the other hand , have a lot of charge - holding surface area , so one possible design involves many filaments attached to the spacecraft .
The setup would have a rather comical look – because of the static charge , the filaments would stick out in all directions , like newly brushed dry hair .
Radioactive stocking
A cylindrical mesh of fibres – resembling a stocking – could also be attached to the spacecraft .
To charge itself up , the stocking could be coated with a radioisotope , and one of the most powerful would be polonium - 210 , the isotope used to poison former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko .
But it should be safe to use on the stocking , says Peck , “ as long as people working on the spacecraft do n’t lick it ” .
Radioisotopes provide far more charging power pound - for - pound than a particle beam , which would have to be powered by bulky solar cells .
But they present their own technical problems .
“ We ’d like to be able to modulate the charge , ” says Peck .
“ But how do you turn off an isotope ? ”
He thinks the solution will involve changing the geometry of the charge - holder to alter its capacitance .
Other methods of propellantless space travel have been suggested before , including solar sails and electrodynamic tethers .
Like Peck ’s proposal , tethers are also designed to get a grip on planetary magnetic fields , but in a slightly different way , by sending an electrical current along a wire .
High risk , high reward
Tethers may prove hard to control , however ; and both tethers and sails would have to be huge – measuring at least 20 to 30 kilometres , says Peck .
“ We ’re proposing something much lighter and smaller . ”
He thinks he can get similar performance with a stocking about 2 or 3 kilometres long , and because it could be made from lightweight carbon fibre , it would have a mass of only a few kilograms .
The force it produces would be far too low to actually launch a spacecraft through the atmosphere – that would still be the job of a conventional rocket .
After reaching orbit , his present design would be off to a slow start , taking about a year to escape the Earth ’s gravity .
But once away from Earth , the field rider could travel to its natural home : Jupiter , which has a magnetic field vastly stronger than Earth’s .
Peck suggests future missions to Jupiter could use its field as a brake , reducing the mass of propellant needed and saving money .
Jupiter could also be used as a staging post for the rest of the solar system , since a spacecraft could in theory make sharper turns using the giant planet ’s magnetic field than it could with a simple gravitational slingshot .
Of course this is still an untested concept .
“ NIAC is famous for funding ideas that are high risk but high reward , ” Peck told New Scientist .
He is hoping to get an experimental launch to see if it can work in the real space environment .
If it does , then perhaps – some years from now – the first radioactive space stocking will ride up Earth ’s magnetic field and head for the planets .
The psychologist , Dr. Valentin Markser , said Enke had a fear of failure .
Enke had chosen as a boy to play in the most exposed position , the last line of defense , and the one first blamed when things go wrong .
Born in Jena , in East Germany , he joined SV Jena Pharm in 1985 , when he was 8 .
Image Hundreds of mourners in Germany attended a memorial for goalkeeper Robert Enke .
Credit ... Gero Breloer / Associated Press
He moved to Carl Zeiss Jena the next year and had been moving on ever since .
There were three years at Borussia Mönchengladbach , three years in Portugal with Benfica , a squad that went through three coaching changes while he was there and had financial difficulties that resulted in players sometimes being paid late .
Enke ’s counseling began when he moved to Barcelona .
He was the eternal understudy there , the rising German keeper given just three opportunities with the first team .
Barcelona thought highly of him , but lent him to Fenerbache of Istanbul , then to Tenerife .
His Turkish misadventure lasted just one match , a loss after which Fenerbache fans bombarded him with firecrackers and missiles in their anger at losing .
Finally , he found relative security at Hannover , where he stayed for five years despite offers to move to more glamorous clubs .
He was the team captain , chosen in part by his fellow players .
When Jens Lehmann retired from Germany ’s national team after Euro 2008 , Enke was expected to be entrusted with the jersey .
It was not certain .
In goalkeeping , more than any other position , you are only as good as your last mistake .
Trust is between the coach and the last man standing , and that presupposes that the goalie has the style , the personality and the authority that defenders in front of him also like and trust .
Enke was being pressed by René Adler , the 24 - year - old Leipzig - born goalkeeper .
Enke had more experience , Adler has youth , greater height and reach , and the advantage of playing for Bayer Leverkusen , which currently leads Germany ’s Bundesliga .
" WE DON'T NEED NO STINKIN ' CDs "
Dare Obesanjo of Microsoft had a particularly salient post on the recent Web 2.0 Conference .
He asks :
" I pointed out that all through the conference I had n't heard mention of the kind of Web apps that excite the younger generation .
I had n't heard MySpace mentioned once , and the only times instant messaging came up was in the context of Skype being sold to eBay for $ 4 billion .
The Web 2.0 conference seemed dedicated to applications mostly of interest to the twenty five and over crowd . "
He then summarizes a panel where five teens were questioned about their web - surfing habits and attitudes :
" Three out of five of the teenagers used MySpace .
One of them said he spends all his free times waiting for comments to his space .
Another teenager said she had stopped using MySpace when she went to college because it was too " high school " and now she used Facebook which was more college oriented .
One of the teenagers said he spent up to $ 50 a month on ring tones .
Four of them had iPods and all of them rarely [ if ever ] paid for music .
It seemed thy had all tried the iTunes Music Store at one time or the other but eventually succumbed to the lure of file sharing networks .
They all used AOL Instant Messenger and one other IM client .
Two used MSN Messenger mainly because they had friends outside the US ( Mexico & Brazil ) and MSN Messenger is very popular outside the US .
One or two used Yahoo !
Messenger .
None of them used Skype and in fact they sounded like they had never heard of it .
They did n't seem interested
They all used Google for search .
Two of them had used eBay but worried about being ripped off online .
When asked what kind of applications they 'd like to see on the Web .
They asked for " more free stuff " and " get rid of spyware " .
The most amusing part of the session was when Safa was trying to find out what eCommerce sites they 'd visit .
He first asked where they 'd buy a cellular phone and each kid said they'd go to the website of their current cellular service provider .
Then Safa tried another tack and asked where they 'd buy a CD player online and the first kid went " CD Player ? " with the same tone of voice and expression on his face I 'd have if asked where I could buy a record player online . "
