Research Brief
Abstract
How do terrorist groups end ?
The evidence since 1968 indicates that terrorist groups rarely cease to exist as a result of winning or losing a military campaign .
Rather , most groups end because of operations carried out by local police or intelligence agencies or because they join the political process .
This suggests that the United States should pursue a counterterrorism strategy against al Qa'ida that emphasizes policing and intelligence gathering rather than a “ war on terrorism ” approach that relies heavily on military force .
The United States cannot conduct an effective counterterrorism campaign against al Qa'ida or other terrorist groups without understanding how such groups end .
While it is clear that U.S. policymakers will need to turn to a range of policy instruments to conduct such campaigns — including careful police and intelligence work , military force , political negotiations , and economic sanctions — what is less clear is how they should prioritize U.S. efforts .
A recent RAND research effort sheds light on this issue by investigating how terrorist groups have ended in the past .
By analyzing a comprehensive roster of terrorist groups that existed worldwide between 1968 and 2006 , the authors found that most groups ended because of operations carried out by local police or intelligence agencies or because they negotiated a settlement with their governments .
Military force was rarely the primary reason a terrorist group ended , and few groups within this time frame achieved victory .
These findings suggest that the U.S. approach to countering al Qa'ida has focused far too much on the use of military force .
Instead , policing and intelligence should be the backbone of U.S. efforts .
First Systematic Examination of the End of Terrorist Groups
This was the first systematic look at how terrorist groups end .
The authors compiled and analyzed a data set of all terrorist groups between 1968 and 2006 , drawn from a terrorism - incident database that RAND and the Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism jointly oversee .
The authors used that data to identify the primary reason for the end of groups and to statistically analyze how economic conditions , regime type , size , ideology , and group goals affected their survival .
They then conducted comparative case studies of specific terrorist groups to understand how they ended .
Of the 648 groups that were active at some point between 1968 and 2006 , a total of 268 ended during that period .
Another 136 groups splintered , and 244 remained active .
As depicted in the figure , the authors found that most ended for one of two reasons :
They were penetrated and eliminated by local police and intelligence agencies ( 40 percent ) , or they reached a peaceful political accommodation with their government ( 43 percent ) .
Most terrorist groups that ended because of politics sought narrow policy goals .
The narrower the goals , the more likely the group was to achieve them through political accommodation — and thus the more likely the government and terrorists were to reach a negotiated settlement .
Figure 1 . How 268 Terrorist Groups Worldwide Ended , 1968 –2006
In 10 percent of cases , terrorist groups ended because they achieved victory .
Military force led to the end of terrorist groups in 7 percent of cases .
The authors found that militaries tended to be most effective when used against terrorist groups engaged in insurgencies in which the groups were large , well armed , and well organized .
But against most terrorist groups , military force was usually too blunt an instrument .
The analysis also found that
religiously motivated terrorist groups took longer to eliminate than other groups but rarely achieved their objectives ; no religiously motivated group achieved victory during the period studied .
size significantly determined a group 's fate .
Groups exceeding 10,000 members were victorious more than 25 percent of the time , while victory was rare for groups below 1,000 members .
terrorist groups from upper - income countries are much more likely to be left - wing or nationalist and much less likely to be motivated by religion .
Police - Oriented Counterterrorism Rather Than a “ War on Terrorism ”
What does this mean for counterterrorism efforts against al Qa'ida ?
After September 11 , 2001 , U.S. strategy against al Qa'ida concentrated on the use of military force .
Although the United States has employed nonmilitary instruments — cutting off terrorist financing or providing foreign assistance , for example — U.S. policymakers continue to refer to the strategy as a “ war on terrorism . ”
But military force has not undermined al Qa'ida .
As of 2008 , al Qa'ida has remained a strong and competent organization .
Its goal is intact : to establish a pan-Islamic caliphate in the Middle East by uniting Muslims to fight infidels and overthrow West - friendly regimes .
It continues to employ terrorism and has been involved in more terrorist attacks around the world in the years since September 11 , 2001 , than in prior years , though engaging in no successful attacks of a comparable magnitude to the attacks on New York and Washington .
Al Qa'ida 's resilience should trigger a fundamental rethinking of U.S. strategy .
Its goal of a pan-Islamic caliphate leaves little room for a negotiated political settlement with governments in the Middle East .
A more effective U.S. approach would involve a two - front strategy :
Make policing and intelligence the backbone of U.S. efforts .
Al Qa'ida consists of a network of individuals who need to be tracked and arrested .
This requires careful involvement of the Central Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation , as well as their cooperation with foreign police and intelligence agencies .
Minimize the use of U.S. military force .
In most operations against al Qa'ida , local military forces frequently have more legitimacy to operate and a better understanding of the operating environment than U.S. forces have .
This means a light U.S. military footprint or none at all .
Key to this strategy is replacing the war - on - terrorism orientation with the kind of counterterrorism approach that is employed by most governments facing significant terrorist threats today .
Calling the efforts a war on terrorism raises public expectations — both in the United States and elsewhere — that there is a battlefield solution .
It also tends to legitimize the terrorists ' view that they are conducting a jihad ( holy war ) against the United States and elevates them to the status of holy warriors .
Terrorists should be perceived as criminals , not holy warriors .
Research conducted by RAND National Security Research Division
Being a Twitter user ( @dspark ) for some time now , I like many others have become evangelical about the micro-blogging tool .
I believe what makes Twitter so valuable are these moments of connectivity that simply are n’t possible through any other communications tool .
I ’ve had these “ Twitter moments ” and I set out to discover “ Twitter moments ” from others as well .
What all the following stories have in common is a Twitter user had a question or a concern , and someone ( or many people ) responded .
Twitter was the connective tissue that made that moment happen in a time of need .
I ’ll begin with a Twitter moment of my own that inspired me to write this article .
Read on for fifteen more and make sure you make it to the end .
The last one is my favorite .
Save $ 150 on a computer
While shopping for an HP computer online , I , David Spark found a coupon code that saved me $ 200 .
So happy about my last minute savings , I tweeted it .
A follower ( @drapps ) tweeted back offering up a better coupon code that would have saved me $ 350 .
I cancelled my original order and ordered the computer again for the additional $ 150 in savings .
Get a journalist to write about your business when he wants to hear your pitch
Rafe Needleman ( @rafe ) of CNET tweeted that he would be attending the Web 2.0 Expo in NYC and that he'd be interested in meeting startups .
Sachin Agarwal ( @sachinag ) of Dawdle.com ( @dawdledotcom ) was listening and approached Needleman based on that tweet .
Agarwal got a one hour sit down , and Needleman wrote a great overview of his business .
Get DirecTV to install your satellite in three days instead of three weeks
Three weeks was the earliest Jessica Gottlieb ( @JessicaGottlieb ) could hope to get her new HD DirecTV dish installed .
Her husband was not happy about missing that much of the football season .
Hoping for a sooner install time , Jessica called back … four times .
No dice .
Three weeks was the earliest they could do .
Annoyed , Jessica broadcasted her frustration on Twitter and DirecTV ( @DirecTV ) caught it and responded .
Within three days Jessica had a senior supervisor installer in her home installing the dish .
While DirecTV did n’t respond to her private call , they did respond to her public tweet .
Pull a PR stunt on a journalist
Marketing rep Ashley Skiles ( @ashleyskiles ) has been following a medical reporter at the Atlanta Business Chronicle for one of her clients , Susan G. Komen for the Cure , a fund dedicated to fighting breast cancer .
One night the reporter tweeted there was a run on milkshakes at Chick - fil - a , a popular restaurant chain in the southern U.S. Next morning , Ashley ran to Chick - fil - a , picked up a milkshake for the reporter and left it at his office along with a press release from her client .
She did n’t get any press ( until now ) , but she did get the attention of the journalist .
Track a hurricane from the eye of the storm without any power
The night of the Hurricane Ike , Roshelle Gaskins ( @Galvestonguru ) of Galveston , Texas lost power , cutting her off from both TV and Internet news .
That did n’t matter since most of the media was also forced to stay inside due to the 12 foot storm surge .
Luckily Roshelle had her BlackBerry , and those Twitterers stuck in the eye of the storm ( @Nickcognito , @ Leighjones , and @ KXAN_News ) kept her up to date on the storm ’s progress .
Help your family stuck in a tornado 1400 miles away
On May 25th , Britt Reints ( @missbritt ) , a resident of Florida , got a frantic call from a friend in her hometown of Parkersburg , Iowa : " A tornado just hit Parkersburg .
Houses are gone .
Find your family . ”
Frantically , she tried to call her parents via landline and cell , but could n’t get through .
The Weather Channel had nothing .
Local news sites had yet to be updated .
Britt had no idea what was going on , nor did she know where her family was .
Using a Twitter locator site ( she does n’t remember which ) Britt searched for users within a certain mile radius of Parkersburg and started following them .
Their Tweets informed Britt as to what had happened and where the tornado went .
Luckily it bypassed her parents and grandparents .
When she finally spoke to her family on the phone they were still in the dark as they had no TV , radio , or Internet access .
Britt and her husband made the 24 hour drive to Parkersburg .
While on the road she stayed connected to Twitter , and relayed the Tweeted FEMA and Red Cross information to her family via phone .
Raise funds for a trip
Podcaster Tabitha Grace Smith ( @tabz ) wanted one of her UK - based writers of her radio drama to come to the U.S. to attend the science fiction and fantasy conference , DragonCon .
Unfortunately , her UK - based writer had no money to come .
Tabitha reached out to her listeners via Twitter and asked if they ’d be willing to take up a collection .
Quickly , six listeners coughed up a total of $ 600 using ChipIn and brought Tabitha ’s writer to the States and the conference .
Convert subscribers through Twitter , not email newsletters
Paulette Ensign ( @pauletteensign ) had two slots left to fill for Circle of Experts , a booklet providing tips to women moving on after a divorce .
Looking to quickly fill those last two slots , she sent out a tweet .
Within minutes an expert responded , signed up , and provided his contribution to the booklet .
That same expert is also a subscriber to her monthly ezine which always has information about the Circle of Experts service .
While the expert never responded to her newsletter , he did see Paulette ’s tweet and responded to that .
Monitor and stop robo calls quickly during the election season
Shaun Dakin ( @EndTheRoboCalls ) runs the National Political Do Not Contact Registry .
While political robo calls to phone numbers on the Federal Do Not Call list are okay , robo calls to phone numbers on California ’s Do Not Call List of any sort , even political , are illegal .
When Shaun ’s organization gets a complaint about a robo call , he quickly scans Twitter to see if anyone else has complained about the same call .
If so , he follows up via blog , email , and phone for more details and then contacts the offending campaign directly and asks them to stop .
Shaun used Twitter this week to quickly track down and stop Zane Starkewolf , a Green Republican candidate for CA - 1 , for his odd and silly pornographic calls slamming his competitor , Mike Thompson .
Because of Shaun ’s quick action , the story was picked up by multiple news sources ( e.g. Wired , Huffington Post , MSNBC , and CBS ) .
Save 20 % on your favorite beauty products
Latoicha Givens ( @luxetips ) mentioned on Twitter how much she loves Ulta Beauty products .
Immediately after her tweet she received an email from Ulta ’s assistant merchandising manager thanking her for her good words and gave Latoicha and many of her friends 20 percent off discount coupons .
Uncover the truth about a rumor
John Hawbaker ( @jehawbaker ) runs Chattarati ( @chattarati ) , a Chattanooga - centric local news blog .
After hurricane
Ike , rumors started spreading that gas was going to jump up to $ 5 per gallon the next day .
In hours , people reacted with fear and gas stations were clogged with long lines .
John reached out to his Twitter community to uncover the origin of the rumor , and discovered it came from two misinformed local radio stations .
Quickly he posted the facts on his blog and stopped the panic .
Find cowboy boots in Canada
For business and formal wear , cowboy boots are Dan York ’s ( @danyork ) trademark .
Unfortunately he left them at home on a business trip up to Ottawa , Canada .
He could have called around to find a place , but the battery on his BlackBerry was almost drained .
With what battery power he had left , he sent a tweet asking where in Ottawa he could go for cowboy boots .
Dan turned off his phone and then checked back in 15 minute intervals .
He got responses and advice from followers in Germany , New Jersey , Vermont , and Alberta , Canada .
Collectively , they steered him to a pair of boots from Boulet that he still has today and loves .
911 is a joke .
Twitter is n't
Andrew Warner ( @andrewwarner ) was stuck late at night with his bicycle on the side of the PCH ( Pacific Coast Highway ) in Los Angeles .
Andrew called a cab and 911 and neither would pick him up .
Alone , he Twittered his dilemma and a Twitter friend ( @KenFeldman ) offered to pick him up .
Others not in the neighborhood kept him company by Tweeting .
While he wanted to take Ken up on his offer , Andrew ’s girlfriend eventually was able to pick him up .
Get free tickets to Cirque du Soleil
While at Blogworld Expo in Las Vegas , blogger Dave Taylor ( @DaveTaylor ) twittered that he was interested in going to a Cirque du Soleil show .
In minutes a private tweet from Cirque marketing came in asking him which show he wanted to attend .
" The Beatles : LOVE , Saturday evening " was his response .
The marketing agent comp’ed him two VIP tickets to the show .
When he returned home , he wrote a review of the show on his blog , and the marketing rep shared the story with the entire Cirque team .
Conduct focus group research with instant results and at no cost
With close to 3,000 followers , Jason Falls ( @JasonFalls ) uses his base as a personalized focus group .
He works as a social media director for Doe -Anderson , a branding agency in Louisville , KY .
Jason is always testing the waters for new opportunities .
To see how people felt about advertising on Twitter , Jason announced that he was going to sell his 2,000th tweet for $ 5 .
Responsive to the opportunity , his followers debated the issue , Jason collected his research , and Michael Schnuerle ( @metromapper ) purchased Jason ’s 2,000th tweet .
Suss out someone ’s dating potential
Andrea ( real name and Twitter ID withheld ) went out on a first date with a guy .
The date went well , and they talked about going out again .
During the evening Andrea ’s date mentioned he was on Twitter , as is Andrea .
The next day Andrea looked the guy up on Twitter to send him a message that she had fun last night .
But before she did , she discovered her date was Twittering nasty things about her every time she went to the bar or the bathroom .
Ouch .
And yes , Andrea did n’t go out with him again .
Have a Twitter moment of your own ?
Let us know .
And for those of you who have friends you ’ve been trying to get on Twitter , and they still do n’t get it , please just send them this post .
David Spark ( @dspark ) is a veteran tech journalist and the founder of Spark Media Solutions , a storytelling production company .
Read more of Spark at his blog Spark Minute or listen and subscribe to his “ Be the Voice ” blog and podcast .
Imagery provided by iStockPhoto / adamKaz
( Sydney NSW ) Nov. 5 , 2008
The folks in Sydney Australia have gone wild for two days in a row .
On Tuesday , the town came to a ( relatively speaking ) stand still while the Melbourne Cup was run .
It is the Aussie equivalent of the Kentucky Derby and all work stopped in mid-afternoon so that workers could watch the race .
The ladies dressed up for a fashionable day at work just as if they were actually going to the race track .
One sports bar in the Kings Cross section was full of enthusiastic fans at three in the afternoon .
The local betting office did business in the " Great Oklahoma Land Rush " fashion as race time approached .
On Wednesday , November 5 , locals crowded into the Manning Bar on the campus of the University of Sidney .
They did wait until noon before they opened the bar .
News coverage of the event included a CNN camera crew .
With each projection in Senator Obama 's favor the room would erupt into wild enthusiastic applause .
The awarding of Ohio to the Democratic candidate brought the loudest cheering of the day .
A local newspaper passed along the information that a recent pole had indicated a 70 % aproval rating for Obama among Aussies .
It was three in the afternoon when Senator Obama was projecteded to be the winner .
George W. Bush 's chance to declare a McCain win as a retroactive referendum on war crimes seems to have slipped away and the lame duck President should get better legal advice than the military strategy advice he used before invading Iraq , because if he does n't prepare a top notch legal game plan , he may very well see his legacy sink to an even lower level .
Obviously President elect Obama has an abundance of challenging problems to address after he is inaugurated .
Pundits who are addicted to the adrenaline rush of Bush bashing will soon face withdrawal symptoms and will have to find some new excitementnt to fill their lives .
Now the question for columnists is :
Will this site want a review of the movie " Australia " or what ?
Jack Lang once gave this bit Australian advice : " Always back the horse named self - interest , son .
It'l be the only one trying . "
Now , the disk jockey will play the kangaroo song
http://au.youtube.com/watch?v=aPu-C5vvzU4
and we 'll hop along .
Have a " walkabout " type week .
Not too long ago , I helped someone with some research work , and one of the research tools was also used from the Python interactive prompt .
The interface used was handy enough for development : intuitive , readable , short , and useful .
Still , for interactive research it was n’t handy enough .
To improve the script , I decided to use a trick I heard about a long time ago – using __repr__ :
class NoParens ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , obj ) : self .
obj = obj def __call__ ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : return self . obj ( * args , ** kwargs ) def __repr__ ( self ) : result = self . obj ( ) return str ( result ) class NoParens ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , obj ) : self.obj = obj def __call__( self , *args , ** kwargs ) : return self.obj( *args , ** kwargs ) def __repr__( self ) : result = self.obj ( ) return str( result )
And using it looks like this :
In [ 2 ] : import noparens
In [ 3 ] : def test ( ) : ... : return 4 ** 4 ...: In [ 4 ] : t = noparens .
NoParens ( test )
In [ 5 ] : t Out [ 5 ] : 256 In [ 6 ] : t , t , t Out [ 6 ] : ( 256 , 256 , 256 ) In [ 2 ] : import noparens
In [ 3 ] : def test ( ) : ... : return 4 ** 4 ...: In [ 4 ] : t = noparens .
NoParens ( test ) In [ 5 ] : t Out [ 5 ] : 256 In [ 6 ] : t , t, t Out [ 6 ] : ( 256 , 256 , 256 )
For research consoles that interact with other programs or devices , such as debuggers and sniffers I found this useful , and made work a bit less annoying .
Not so long ago , a very kind friend of mine gave me one of the most beautiful gifts I have ever received in my life .
I ’m not exaggerating in the least either .
It was a pack of extremely expired Time - Zero film .
Those who work with expired films know that getting good results can be a gamble .
In this case , I wagered and won .
I have never loved a pack of film so much !
While I ’m grateful that I had a pack like this to shoot , I ’m left wanting another black magic pack just like the one I had .
It ’s a craving that ca n’t every be satisfied , though , as there is no more of the stuff to be had .
The impenetrable overgrowth of roses held motionless in their various stages of blossoming and decay …
Emerging from time …
We only remember fragments …
We are all lost …
The common fate of all things rare …
Shay Laren swaying her lovely DDs in sync with the swaying Hawaiian palm trees .
After the This Is NOT Sarah Palin blowup doll , we were tempted to declare a moratorium on any and all Sarah Palin - themed adult entertainment ( because really , how could you top that ? ) .
But then we came across these behind the scenes photos from the set of " Who 's Nailin ' Paylin ? " — and who are we to deprive you of an inside look at the most politically relevant porno of the year ?
After the jump , learn a little bit more about Governor Paylin 's foreign policy experience .
When Serra 's in charge , the Russians are definitely coming .. . .
· Photo Source : Splash News ( splashnews.com ) · Even more behind the scenes content at Hustler World ( hustlerworld.com )
Tagged in : dvd , gallery , hardcore , hustler , photo , sarah palin , splashpic , straight , you are there ,
One of the current pain points in our build system is the xpidl compiler .
This is a binary tool which is used to generate C++ headers and XPT files from XPIDL input files .
The code depends on libIDL , which in turn depends on glib .
Because this tool is a build - time requirement , we have to build a host version , and in most cases we also build a target version to put in the SDK package .
Getting glib and libidl on linux systems is not very difficult : all the major distros have developer packages for them .
But getting libidl and glib on Windows and mac can be quite painful .
On Windows , we have had to create our own custom static library versions of this code which are compatible with all the different versions of Microsoft Visual C++.
On Mac you can get them from macports , but as far as I know they are not available in universal binaries , which means that you ca n’t cross - compile a target xpidl .
Parsing IDL , while not trivial , is not so complicated that it requires huge binary code libraries .
So a while back I reimplemented the XPIDL parser using python and the PLY ( python lex - yacc ) parsing library .
The core parsing grammar and object model is only 1200 lines of code .
Because we do n’t have any unit tests for xpidl , I chose to use A - B testing against the output of the binary xpidl : the header output of the python xpidl should match byte - for - byte the header output of the binary xpidl .
I wrote a myrules.mk file which would automatically build and compare both versions during a buld .
This turned out to be a royal pain , because the libIDL parser is not very consistent and has bugs :
Some , but not all attributes are re-ordered so that they are no longer in original order , but are ordered according to an internal glib hash function .
The code which associates doc-comments with IDL items is buggy : in many cases the comment is associated with a later item .
I had to add some temporary nasty hacks in order to work around these issues .
And finally , reproducing the wacky whitespace of the binary tool was n’t worthwhile , so I starting comparing the results using diff - w - B .
But with these hacks and changes , both xpidl compilers produce identical C++ headers .
I completed the code to produce C++ headers during a couple of not - quite - vacation days , but I did n’t write any code to produce XPT files .
I shelved the project as an attractive waste of time , until jorendorff needed an IDL parser to produce quick stub C++ code .
Jason managed to take my existing code and hook up a quick - stub generator to it .
The python xpidl parser and quick - stub generator are both used in the codebase .
Currently , we ’re still using the old binary xpidl to produce C++ headers and XPT files .
If somebody is interested , I ’d really like help adding code to produce XPT files from the new parser , so that we can ditch the old binary code completely .
If you ever need to use python to parse some interesting grammar , I highly recommend PLY .
If you turn on optimization it performs very well , and it has very good support for detailed error reporting .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Marwell Zoo in Hampshire is celebrating the birth of a new pygmy hippo by asking people to name it .
The 18lb female is doing well and has already established a strong bond with her mother Wendy .
After spending six months in its gritty nest cave on a sheer sandstone cliff , a California condor chick takes its first flight over the Los Padres National Forest .
Uncertain of the wide open expanse of forest and scrubby chaparral this wilderness is known for , its first attempt at flying is a short one .
The new fledgling is n’t alone .
Six other condor chicks have also successfully left their nests in the national forest this past fall , making 2008 the most successful breeding season to date for the Condor Recovery Program .
With these seven new condors and two other chicks in Arizona and Baja successfully fledging their nests , the wild population of condors now outnumbers those in captive breeding for the first time since reintroduction of the endangered birds began in 1992 .
“ This is another big step towards the recovery of the species , ” said Mike Woodbridge , public relations officer for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service Condor Recovery Program .
“ Seven chicks in California are more than we ’ve had in a season .
The chicks are doing well , but we still have a long ways to go . ”
The recovery plan for California condors calls for three distinct populations , each with at least 150 birds and 15 breeding pairs in California and Arizona .
After the 2008 breeding season , the Recovery Program has reached an important milestone in the process .
There are now 167 condors flying free in the wild , with 160 in the captive breeding program at zoos in Los Angeles and San Diego .
“ This is an exciting time for the California condor recovery effort , ” said Marc Weitzel , project leader for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ’s Hopper Mountain National Wildlife Refuge .
“ We ’ve come a long way since the
Recovery Program began , and we still have a ways to go .
We are making tremendous progress , with more condors in the wild than there have been in approximately 50 years . ”
However , with that being said , condors still face threats from collisions with power lines , accidental and intentional shootings , and especially lead poisoning .
Even though California Assemblyman Pedro Nava ’s bill to remove lead ammunition from the condor ’s historic range was signed off by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger a year ago and was implemented in July 2008 , the threat remains .
Condors are checked for lead levels after hunting season concludes in late fall .
Ingestion of lead has been the main culprit for condors , which does n’t allow food stored in their crop ( the pouch in their neck ) to digest properly and , according to Woodbridge , several condors recently tested were found to have high levels of lead in their blood .
“ We suspect lead was still being used because lead levels were still substantial within the condors tested , ” he said .
“ As people learn more about the law , it will become less and less of a problem for the condors . ”
Another concern regarding North America ’s largest flying land bird is encouraging the scavenging raptors to forage on their own and not become dependent on food left out for them .
Condors do not kill their food .
They locate carcasses while soaring for hours on thermal updrafts , reaching speeds of up to 55 mph and altitudes of 15,000 feet .
Condors can cover 100 to 150 miles a day with their impressive 9 - foot - plus wingspans .
Since reintroduction began 17 years ago , field biologists have placed stillborn calves at feeding stations to encourage foraging behavior for the new wave of condors .
Over time , those feeding stations have included remote locales like Lion Canyon on the Sierra Madre Ridge , the Wind Wolves Preserve and National Wildlife Refuges at Bitter Creek and Hopper Mountain complexes .
The 2006 Day Fire and the 2007 Zaca Fire have also helped , burning old - growth chaparral in regions of the Los Padres National Forest that have n’t burned in 100 years .
With their incredible vision , condors will be able to locate food more easily in the burn areas .
“ We ’re still leaving them supplemental feedings at various locations throughout their range , ” continued Woodbridge .
“ We ’re also encouraging them to feed on their own . ”
E-mail Chuck at : chuckowow@aol.com
The subduction zone that brought us the 2004 Sumatra - Andaman earthquake and tsunami is ripe for yet another large event , despite a sequence of quakes that occurred in the Mentawai Islands area in 2007 , according to a group of earthquake researchers led by scientists from the Tectonics Observatory at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) .
" From what we saw , " says geologist Jean - Philippe Avouac , director of the Tectonics Observatory and one of the paper 's lead authors , " we can say with some confidence that we 're probably not done with large earthquakes in Sumatra . "
Their findings were published in a letter in the December 4 issue of the journal Nature .
The devastating magnitude 9.2 earthquake that occurred off the western coast of Sumatra on December 26 , 2004 — the earthquake that spawned a lethal tsunami throughout the Indian Ocean — took place in a subduction zone , an area where one tectonic plate dips under another , forming a quake - prone region .
It is that subduction zone that drew the interest of the Caltech - led team .
Seismic activity has continued in the region since the 2004 event , they knew .
But have the most recent earthquakes been able to relieve the previous centuries of built - up seismic stress ?
Yes . . . and no .
Take , for instance , an area just south of the 2004 quake , where a magnitude 8.6 earthquake hit in 2005 .
( That same area had also been the site of a major earthquake in 1861 . )
The 2005 quake , says Avouac , did a good job of " unzipping " the stuck area in that patch of the zone , effectively relieving the stresses that had built up since 1861 .
This means that it should be a few centuries before another large quake in that area would be likely .
The same cannot be said , however , of the area even further south along that same subduction zone , near the Mentawai Islands , a chain of about 70 islands off the western coasts of Sumatra and Indonesia .
This area , too , has been hit by giant earthquakes in the past ( an 8.8 in 1797 and a 9.0 in 1833 ) .
More recently , on September 12 , 2007 , it experienced two earthquakes just 12 hours apart : first a magnitude 8.4 quake and then a magnitude 7.9 .
These earthquakes did not come as a surprise to the Caltech researchers .
Caltech geologist and paper coauthor Kerry Sieh , who is now at the Nanyang Technological University in Singapore , had long been using coral growth rings to quantify the pattern of slow uplift and subsidence in the Mentawai Islands area ; that pattern , he and his colleagues knew , is the result of stress build - up on the plate interface , which should eventually be released by future large earthquakes .
But was all that accumulated stress released in 2007 ?
In the work described in the Nature letter , the researchers analyzed seismological records , remote sensing ( inSAR ) data , field measurements , and , most importantly , data gathered by an array of continuously recording GPS stations called SuGAr ( for Sumatra Geodetic Array ) to find out .
Their answer ?
The quakes had n't even come close to doing their stress - reduction job .
" In fact , " says Ali Ozgun Konca , a Caltech scientist and the paper 's first author , who did this work as a graduate student , " we saw release of only a quarter of the moment needed to make up for the accumulated deficit over the past two centuries . "
( Moment is a measure of earthquake size that takes into account how much the fault slips and over how much area . )
" The 2007 quakes occurred in the right place at the right time , " adds Avouac .
" They were not a surprise .
What was a surprise was that those earthquakes were way smaller than we expected . "
" The quake north of this region , in 2005 , ruptured completely , " says Konca .
" But the 2007 sequence of quakes was more complicated .
The slippage of the plates was patchy , and it did n't release all the strain that had accumulated . "
" It was what we call a partial rupture , " adds Avouac .
" There 's still enough strain to create another major earthquake in that region .
We may have to wait a long time , but there 's no reason to think it 's over . "
Source : California Institute of Technology
Explore further
How earthquake swarms arise
Impoverished Palestinians on the Gaza Strip are being forced to scavenge for food on rubbish dumps to survive as Israel 's economic blockade risks causing irreversible damage , according to international observers .
Figures released last week by the UN Relief and Works Agency reveal that the economic blockade imposed by Israel on Gaza in July last year has had a devastating impact on the local population .
Large numbers of Palestinians are unable to afford the high prices of food being smuggled through the Hamas - controlled tunnels to the Strip from Egypt and last week were confronted with the suspension of UN food and cash distribution as a result of the siege .
The figures collected by the UN agency show that 51.8 % - an " unprecedentedly high " number of Gaza 's 1.5 million population - are now living below the poverty line .
The agency announced last week that it had been forced to stop distributing food rations to the 750,000 people in need and had also suspended cash distributions to 94,000 of the most disadvantaged who were unable to afford the high prices being asked for smuggled food .
" Things have been getting worse and worse , " said Chris Gunness of the agency yesterday .
" It is the first time we have been seeing people picking through the rubbish like this looking for things to eat .
Things are particularly bad in Gaza City where the population is most dense .
" Because Gaza is now operating as a ' tunnel economy ' and there is so little coming through via Israeli crossings , it is hitting the most disadvantaged worst . "
Gunness also expressed concern about the state of Gaza 's infrastructure , including its water and sewerage systems , which have not been maintained properly since Israel began blocking shipments of concrete into Gaza , warning of the risk of the spread of communicable diseases both inside and outside of Gaza .
" This is not a humanitarian crisis , " he said .
" This is a political crisis of choice with dire humanitarian consequences . "
The revelations over the escalating difficulties inside Gaza were delivered a day after the end of the six - month ceasefire between Israel and Gaza 's Hamas rulers , which had been brokered by Egypt in June , and follow warnings from the World Bank at the beginning of December that Gaza faced " irreversible " economic collapse .
The deteriorating conditions inside Gaza emerged as Tony Blair , Middle East envoy for the Quartet - US , Russia , the UN and the EU - warned explicitly yesterday that Israel 's policy of economic blockade , which had been imposed a year and a half ago when Hamas took power on the Gaza Strip , was reinforcing rather than undermining the party 's hold on power .
In an interview in the Israeli newspaper Haartez , Blair warned that the collapse of Gaza 's legitimate economy under the impact of the blockade , while harming Gaza 's businessmen and ordinary people , had allowed the emergence of an alternative system based on smuggling through the Hamas - controlled tunnels .
Hamas " taxed " the goods smuggled through the tunnels .
It was because of this that Blair wrote to Israel 's prime minister , Ehud Olmert , earlier this month demanding that Israel permit the transfer of cash into Gaza from the West Bank to prop up the legitimate economy .
" The present situation is not harming Hamas in Gaza but it is harming the people , " Blair said yesterday .
Calling for a change in policy over Gaza , he added : " I do n't think that the current situation is sustainable ; I think most people who would analyse it think the same . "
Blair 's comments came as an Israeli air strike against a rocket squad killed a Palestinian militant yesterday , the first Gaza death since Hamas formally declared an end to a six - month truce with Israel .
Also yesterday , a boat carrying a Qatari delegation , Lebanese activists and journalists from Israel and Lebanon sailed into Gaza City 's small port in defiance of a border blockade .
It was the fifth such boat trip since the summer .
The two Qatari citizens aboard the Dignity are from the government - funded Qatar Authority for Charitable Activities .
" We are here to represent the Qatar government and people , " said delegation member Aed al - Kahtani .
" We will look into the needs of our brothers in Gaza , and find out what is the most appropriate way to bring in aid . "
The arrival of the delegation reflects the growing anger in the Arab world over the Gaza siege , directed at Israel but also at Egypt , which has allowed the border crossings at the southern end of the Strip to remain sealed .
On Friday , thousands of people joined a rally in Beirut organised by Lebanon 's Shia Hezbollah movement against Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip .
Addressing the Beirut crowd , Hezbollah deputy leader Sheikh Naim Kassem called on Arab and Islamic governments to act to help lift the Gaza blockade , and urged Egypt to take an " historic stance " by opening its border crossing with Gaza .
" Silence on the [ Gaza ] blockade is disgraceful .
Silence on the blockade amounts to participation in the [ Israeli ] occupation , " Kassem said .
A historical milestone ?
Reflections on class and race in America
7 November 2008
It is striking that the American media , beginning on election night and continuing in the aftermath of the vote , has been virtually unanimous in interpreting the victory of Barack Obama entirely in racial terms .
This trend is epitomized in the treatment of the Democratic sweep by the New York Times , the most prominent organ of the American liberal establishment , which ran a banner headline on Wednesday declaring , “ Obama : Racial Barrier Falls in Decisive Victory . ”
Even by elementary journalistic standards , this headline is remarkable for its lack of any pretense at objective reporting .
This is not a news headline .
It is not how a mainstream newspaper normally presents the outcome of a national election .
In the 1960 election , John F. Kennedy repeatedly said that he was not the Catholic candidate for president , but rather the Democratic candidate , who happened to be a Catholic .
His bid for the White House came only 32 years after a Catholic Democrat , Alfred E. Smith , was overwhelmingly defeated .
Yet when Kennedy became the first Catholic in US history to win a presidential election , the press treated the religious question as a minor theme .
The Times , by contrast , chose to present Tuesday ’s election entirely as a referendum on race — not a popular repudiation of the Bush administration and the right - wing politics of the Republican Party , not a repudiation of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , nor of three decades of social policy single - mindedly devoted to the further enrichment of the financial elite .
This interpretation ignores the indisputable fact that the most decisive issue in the election was the economic crisis , which prompted tens of millions of working people and youth , of all races , to vote for Obama in the hope that his election would signal a reversal of previous economic policies .
An array of pundits have taken to the airwaves to repeat the same racial mantra , and in their remarks on the election outcome Republican candidate John McCain and President George W. Bush similarly presented Obama ’s race as the central issue in the vote .
This constant invocation of Obama ’s skin color and personal background underscores the pervasive manner in which conventional political analysis in America operates within racial categories .
But it also serves definite political aims .
It facilitates an attempt to obscure the political issues that drove the election , including popular opposition to war .
The fact that Obama initially established his credibility by running as the candidate who had opposed the war in Iraq is virtually ignored .
This , in turn , clears the way for a continuation of the right - wing economic and foreign policies that were repudiated by the electorate .
That the president - elect is preparing just such a course is already clear from his decision to name as his chief of staff Congressman Rahm Emanuel , an early supporter of the Iraq war and key ally of Chicago real estate and financial interests , and reports that Obama will appoint at least two Republicans to his cabinet .
Does the portrayal of Obama ’s victory in racial terms portend that those who oppose his policies will be attacked on racial grounds ?
There is every indication that the answer is “ yes . ”
Empirical evidence from exit polls and other sources indicates that race played only a minor role in the decision of the vast majority of those who cast ballots .
For his part , Obama avoided presenting himself as the representative of a single race , or of minorities in general .
His ethnic background did , however , play a critical role in the development of his political persona , not in an overt way , but rather in the implicit premise that an African - American president would be more sympathetic to the plight of working people — a conception that was promoted by various middle - class “ left ” and opportunist tendencies , such as the Nation magazine , which sought to conceal the social and class interests represented by his campaign .
To contest the media obsession with race is not to deny the brutal history of racial oppression of African - Americans in America .
However , the real question that haunts American politics is the class question .
Precisely because the issue of class is so explosive in America , no political figure contending for office dares utter the words “ working class . ”
Until the last four decades , it was widely accepted among progressive - minded intellectuals and liberal political commentators that racial oppression was bound up with the class structure of American society .
But since the early 1970s , American politics and intellectual life have been dominated by a rejection of class issues .
Instead , secondary issues of gender , sexual preference and , above all , race have been elevated to become the be-all and end - all of permissible political discussion .
There is , according to the political and media establishment , no working class in the United States .
There is only the “ middle class , ” a term once used to denote certain intermediate social layers , such as lawyers , dentists and shop keepers , but which is now used to denote all but the very rich and the very poor .
This terminological revolution ( or counterrevolution ) has coincided with an increase in the proportion of the population whose survival depends on a pay check and a staggering growth of social and economic inequality .
Even as its existence has been denied , the working class has , over this period , suffered an immense decline in its social position .
Nowhere has this social decline had a more brutal impact than among the economically lowest ranks of the working class , particularly among African - American workers .
The dismantling of large sections of industry and the disappearance of the trade unions as a significant social force have led to a decay of the inner cities , the virtual collapse of their public schools , a pervasive lack of health care , crumbling housing and infrastructure , a growth of illnesses associated with poverty such as diabetes , and chronic unemployment .
On the other hand , identity politics , which has become the hallmark of American liberalism , has been highly successful in promoting a small section of African - Americans , for whom race has been removed as a barrier to political office , corporate positions , posts in academia and the media , etc .
Obama represents the triumph not of the aspirations of the vast majority of black workers , but rather of this privileged minority .
His election is a reassurance that they can reasonably anticipate getting a cut of the wealth extracted from the labor of the working class .
The official obsession with race and suppression of class questions is an expression of the intellectual decay and rightward political trajectory of American liberalism .
Historian Alan Brinkley writes insightfully in his 1995 book The End of Reform of a major shift in the ideology and politics of American liberalism that began during the declining years of Roosevelt ’s New Deal , accelerated during World War II , and was consolidated in the post - war period .
Brinkley explains that American liberalism , especially in the early years of the New Deal , generally supported a reform agenda that called for a restructuring of American capitalism to curtail the power of big business and introduce some form of industrial democracy into the workplace .
Many New Deal Democrats advocated measures to redistribute the wealth and achieve greater social equality .
However , after the partial economic recovery of 1937 collapsed and strike battles in basic industry threatened to assume revolutionary dimensions , Roosevelt denounced the new industrial unions and Democratic Party liberalism began to retreat from the agenda of structural reform of capitalism , a process that was accelerated by World War II .
Brinkley writes that by 1945 , American liberals “ had , in effect , detached liberalism from its earlier emphasis on reform — its preoccupation with issues of class , its tendency to equate freedom and democracy with economic autonomy , its hostility to concentrated economic power .
They had redefined citizenship to de-emphasize the role of men and women as producers and to elevate their roles as consumers . ”
The new industrial unions of the Congress of Industrial Organizations , established in the heat of massive strike struggles , factory occupations and broad mobilizations of working class communities , adapted themselves to the shift in liberal ideology and politics — and the demands of the Roosevelt administration , which they supported — by jettisoning their earlier calls for structural reform of capitalism and democracy in the workplace .
This shift was consolidated during the war , when the unions entered into corporatist relations with the state and business leaders in the interests of the war effort .
Part of this war - time alliance was their enforcement of a no - strike pledge and wage controls .
In the class battles of the 1930s , workers affiliated with socialist and revolutionary organizations had played a central role .
These mass struggles were animated not only by the demand for union recognition , better wages , shorter hours and improved working conditions , but also by a striving to make the labor movement an independent force in the industrial economy and in American politics , and a concept of industrial democracy that workers believed could , in Brinkley ’s words , “ transform not just the lives of workers but the character of American society . ”
However , “ By forging an alliance with the Democratic Party and the liberal state , and by abandoning such larger goals as the industrial - council plan or the idea of a labor party , organized workers gave up the chance of becoming an independent political movement …
By 1945 , the movement was on its way to assuming its modern form as a highly bureaucratized ( and occasionally corrupt ) interest group , with relatively narrow ( and at times illiberal ) aims , committed mainly to its own institutional survival . ”
This abandonment of any attempt to limit corporate power and establish some degree of autonomy and independent working class power in industry assumed a finished and fully reactionary form in the anti-communist witch - hunts and purge of left - wing elements from the unions in the late 1940s and 1950s .
The credibility of postwar American liberalism and the “ middle - class ” consumer society it espoused depended on a continuation of the economic expansion that followed the war and on ever - rising prosperity .
But by the late 1960s , the boom was beginning to unravel .
The impact of the Vietnam War , the civil rights struggles , urban riots and a strike wave fueled by worsening economic conditions undermined the New Deal coalition .
Within a few years the Democratic Party was openly distancing itself from New Deal social reform policies .
As the promise of rising living standards through the expansion of the consumer society faltered , the Democratic Party sought to refashion itself , beginning with the McGovern campaign of 1972 .
In what was presented as a far - reaching democratic reform , racial and gender diversity became the watchword and any discussion of class issues was suppressed .
The party incorporated into its very structure the principle of identity politics .
“ Affirmative action ” and similar policies were employed to dispense privileges to elite layers among various racial and ethnic constituencies and among women , while the living standards of the broad mass of working people , African - American and Latino as well as white , women as well as men , stagnated or declined .
Now , under conditions of the deepest economic crisis of American and world capitalism since the 1930s , the elevation of race as the defining feature of American society is to be put to the test .
Notwithstanding the efforts of the media to frame the election of Obama in racial terms , his victory is , in reality , the product of the initial stirrings of a class movement in opposition to policies of war and social reaction that are bipartisan in character .
This incipient revival of class struggle necessarily takes the distorted and contradictory anticipatory form , within the framework of American politics and its two - party monopoly , of the repudiation of the Republicans and election of a Democrat .
But the pent - up working class anger and frustration that have propelled Obama into the White House will sooner rather than later be directed against Obama himself .
The election of Obama has set the stage for a new period of class struggle in America .
Barry Grey
About two weeks ago I altered our model to reflect the mere possibility that the Bradley Effect could rear it 's ugly head ; the article was met with mixed reviews .
Perhaps I was n't clear enough in my original explanation so I 'm going to do it again .
In the next twelve days there will be a plethora of articles relating to the Bradley Effect , but none of them will be conclusive ; not because they are poorly reasoned or factually inaccurate , but rather due to the complexity of the issue .
Nobody can definitively say whether the Bradley Effect will or will not occur ; it 's simply impossible to know .
There is no historical precedent , on the national scale by which an accurate conclusion can be drawn .
Given the aforementioned limitations of the problem , I 'll take a different approach .
Rather than trying to prove that the Bradley Effect will or will not play a role in the upcoming election , I 'll try and show that it simply does n't matter .
In order to debunk the affect of the Bradley Effect , I 'll try and simulate the potential outcome of the election should the Bradley Effect occur ; we 'll assume a historically significant racial offset as dictated by the Princeton University graph below :
Source : Princeton Election Consortium
Judging from the graph and more specifically the data points on the far right corresponding to the year 2006 , it can be seen that the Bradley Effect was distributed between +5 % , ( meaning the African American candidate polled 5 % lower in the final result than in the public polls leading up to the election ) and - 5 % .
For the purpose of this analysis we are trying to find the maximum degree to which the Bradley Effect could occur ; in order to achieve this end we will use the maximum racial offset of +5 % as prescribed in the 2006 data .
Incorporating the 5 % into the projection algorithm presented the following changes :
Obama 's Projection :
I calculated his initial projection and then subtracted 5 % of it to arrive at his adjusted projection .
McCain's Projection :
I started by figuring out the number of undecided voters at the end of the initial projection ; this is done by subtracting 100 from McCain 's and Obama 's initial projection .
I then added this number to McCain 's projection ; to account for the adjustment made to Obama 's total above , 5 % of Obama 's initial projection is then added to McCain 's running sum to arrive at McCain 's final adjusted projection .
Translating the pure formula into words results in a much more succinct correlation to the core principles behind the Bradley Effect .
I assumed that 5 % of Obama 's support was racially tinged so I added it to McCain 's total while subtracting it from Obama's .
I then also assumed that of all the currently undecided voters , 5 % are racist and as a result they will cast their vote for McCain .
The result of this application can be seen in the map below :
Using a severe over exaggeration of the Bradley Effect 's potential outcome , Obama would still emerge victorious .
In fact , Obama has gained three Electoral Votes during the two weeks that have elapsed since our previous experiment .
The Bradley Effect would likely manifest itself differently in each state , but in assuming this large discrepancy between what would likely happen and what could happen the absolute worst possible outcome ( for Obama ) is presented .
If the most severe Bradley Effect outcome still results in an Obama win , it 's fair to say that the Bradley Effect will not alter the outcome of this election .
While altering the outcome of our model , I wondered what would happen if all currently undecided voters suddenly moved to McCain en masse :
Wow , Obama still wins .
Given the outcome of this scenario McCain must win every currently undecided voter in the United States along with a handful of Democrats already committed to supporting Obama ; a monumental task .
Our models do n't show any chance of this happening .
Update : Several comments have suggested that I also create a voter suppression model ; this is a good idea .
I 'll work on it this weekend .
# 873382 +( 3565 ) - [ X ] < arkan >
You know , you really ought to have a bra with 403 : forbidden on it .
< Labyrinth >
And you really ought to have a pair of boxers with 404 : not found .
Christmas in the Trenches , 1914
Printer Friendly Version >>>
By the end of November 1914 the crushing German advance that had swallowed the Low Countries and threatened France had been checked by the allies before it could reach Paris .
The opposing armies stared at each other from a line of hastily built defensive trenches that began at the edge of the English Channel and continued to the border of Switzerland .
Barbed wire and parapets defended the trenches and between them stretched a " No - Mans - Land " that in some areas was no more than 30 yards wide .
Life in the trenches was abominable .
Continuous sniping , machinegun fire and artillery shelling took a deadly toll .
The misery was heightened by the ravages of Mother Nature , including rain , snow and cold .
Many of the trenches , especially those in the low - lying British sector to the west , were continually flooded , exposing the troops to frost bite and " trench foot . "
This treacherous monotony was briefly interrupted during an unofficial and spontaneous " Christmas Truce " that began on Christmas Eve .
Both sides had received Christmas packages of food and presents .
The clear skies that ended the rain further lifted the spirits on both sides of no -mans - land .
The Germans seem to have made the first move .
During the evening of December 24 they delivered a chocolate cake to the British line accompanied by a note that proposed a cease fire so that the Germans could have a concert .
The British accepted the proposal and offered some tobacco as their present to the Germans .
The good will soon spread along the 27 - mile length of the British line .
Enemy soldiers shouted to one another from the trenches , joined in singing songs and soon met one another in the middle of no -mans - land to talk , exchange gifts and in some areas to take part in impromptu soccer matches .
The high command on both sides took a dim view of the activities and orders were issued to stop the fraternizing with varying results .
In some areas the truce ended Christmas Day in others the following day and in others it extended into January .
One thing is for sure - it never happened again .
" We and the Germans met in the middle of no - man 's - land . "
Frank Richards was a British soldier who experienced the " Christmas Truce " .
We join his story on Christmas morning 1914 : ADVERTISMENT
" On Christmas morning we stuck up a board with ' A Merry Christmas ' on it .
The enemy had stuck up a similar one .
Platoons would sometimes go out for twenty - four hours ' rest - it was a day at least out of the trench and relieved the monotony a bit - and my platoon had gone out in this way the night before , but a few of us stayed behind to see what would happen .
Two of our men then threw their equipment off and jumped on the parapet with their hands above their heads .
Two of the Germans done the same and commenced to walk up the river bank , our two men going to meet them .
They met and shook hands and then we all got out of the trench .
Buffalo Bill [ the Company Commander ] rushed into the trench and endeavoured to prevent it , but he was too late : the whole of the Company were now out , and so were the Germans .
He had to accept the situation , so soon he and the other company officers climbed out too .
We and the Germans met in the middle of no - man 's - land .
Their officers was also now out .
Our officers exchanged greetings with them .
One of the German officers said that he wished he had a camera to take a snapshot , but they were not allowed to carry cameras .
Neither were our officers .
We mucked in all day with one another .
They were Saxons and some of them could speak English .
By the look of them their trenches were in as bad a state as our own .
One of their men , speaking in English , mentioned that he had worked in Brighton for some years and that he was fed up to the neck with this damned war and would be glad when it was all over .
We told him that he was n't the only one that was fed up with it .
We did not allow them in our trench and they did not allow us in theirs .
The German Company - Commander asked Buffalo Bill if he would accept a couple of barrels of beer and assured him that they would not make his men drunk .
They had plenty of it in the brewery .
He accepted the offer with thanks and a couple of their men rolled the barrels over and we took them into our trench .
The German officer sent one of his men back to the trench , who appeared shortly after carrying a tray with bottles and glasses on it .
Officers of both sides clinked glasses and drunk one another 's health .
Buffalo Bill had presented them with a plum pudding just before .
The officers came to an understanding that the unofficial truce would end at midnight .
At dusk we went back to our respective trenches .
... The two barrels of beer were drunk , and the German officer was right : if it was possible for a man to have drunk the two barrels himself he would have bursted before he had got drunk .
French beer was rotten stuff .
Just before midnight we all made it up not to commence firing before they did .
At night there was always plenty of firing by both sides if there were no working parties or patrols out .
Mr Richardson , a young officer who had just joined the Battalion and was now a platoon officer in my company wrote a poem during the night about the Briton and the Bosche meeting in no -man 's - land on Christmas Day , which he read out to us .
A few days later it was published in The Times or Morning Post , I believe .
During the whole of Boxing Day [ the day after Christmas ] we never fired a shot , and they the same , each side seemed to be waiting for the other to set the ball a -rolling .
One of their men shouted across in English and inquired how we had enjoyed the beer .
We shouted back and told him it was very weak but that we were very grateful for it .
We were conversing off and on during the whole of the day .
We were relieved that evening at dusk by a battalion of another brigade .
We were mighty surprised as we had heard no whisper of any relief during the day .
We told the men who relieved us how we had spent the last couple of days with the enemy , and they told us that by what they had been told the whole of the British troops in the line , with one or two exceptions , had mucked in with the enemy .
They had only been out of action themselves forty - eight hours after being twenty - eight days in the front - line trenches .
They also told us that the French people had heard how we had spent Christmas Day and were saying all manner of nasty things about the British Army . "
References :
This eyewitness account appears in Richards , Frank , Old Soldiers Never Die ( 1933 ) ; Keegan , John , The First World War ( 1999 ) ; Simkins , Peter , World War I , the Western Front ( 1991 ) .
How To Cite This Article :
" Christmas in the Trenches , 1914 , " EyeWitness to History , www.eyewitnesstohistory.com ( 2006 ) .
Prostate cancer is a major killer Scientists have grown new prostate glands in mice , in another advance for stem cell technology .
The team from San Francisco were able to isolate single cells with the ability to generate an entire prostate .
The technique , reported in the journal Nature , could shed light on how prostate tumours develop .
However , any thoughts it could lead to transplants in men who have had the gland removed to beat cancer have been played down .
This discovery will be a significant boost to prostate cancer research
Professor Malcolm Alison
Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry The prostate is found near the bladder , and helps make and expel semen , but is a common source of cancer , especially in older men .
A quarter of all new cancers diagnosed in men are prostate cancers , and 10,000 die from the disease every year in the UK .
The US researchers were able to track down a type of stem cell which divides to form the different cell types in the gland .
When these mouse stem cells were transplanted back into mice , they developed into entirely new glands .
However , this does not mean that entirely new prostates can be fabricated for men who have lost them .
Any new gland would have to be not only connected back to the urethra - the tube which carries urine from the bladder to the outside of the body , but also somehow to the complex system of nerves controlling its activity .
Even if this complex surgery were possible , many doctors would argue that the benefits of having the gland as an older man do not entirely justify it .
Not needed Prof Robin Lovell - Badge , MRC National Institute for Medical Research , said : " Of course the main clinical problem with the prostate gland is not a need for additional ones , but their overgrowth , which often turns to prostate cancer .
" However , knowing the identity of these stem cells may eventually allow the development of therapies that specifically target these cells in a way that keeps them under control . "
Professor Malcolm Alison , Professor of Stem Cell Biology at Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry , agreed , saying that , in older men , the prostate tended to be a cause of " serious medical problems " .
" However , it is a widely held view that cancers originate from normal stem cells , so this discovery will be a significant boost to prostate cancer research aimed at understanding how this deadly disease develops . "
John Neate , the chief executive of The Prostate Cancer Charity , said : " This study is an important piece in the jigsaw of our understanding of the role that stem cells play in the prostate .
" It gives very clear evidence of the existence of stem cells in the prostate of mice .
Scientists think they may work in a similar way in humans .
" Much research is being undertaken to unravel the role stem cells may play in the development of cancer and how they may respond differently to treatments . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
An NHS doctor who says her family held her captive for four months and forced her to marry in Bangladesh today won a court ruling preventing her from being removed from the UK against her will .
Humayra Abedin , 32 , from east London , was granted injunctions by a judge who warned that the British courts would act " swiftly and decisively " in cases where there had been a " gross abuse of an individual 's human rights " .
Mr Justice Coleridge , sitting in the High Court 's Family Division in London , said the orders were to protect Dr Abedin " and prevent her being removed from this country again without her consent " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
For " anyone of any age " to go through a marriage without their consent was " a complete aberration of the whole concept of marriage in a civilised society " , he declared .
Dr Abedin , who has lived in the UK since 2002 and is training to be a GP , returned to Britain on Tuesday .
She was freed by a Bangladeshi court on Sunday after London 's High Court ordered her release under the new Forced Marriage Act , which prohibits an individual from being married against their will .
On her return Dr Abedin said that on November 14 she had been forced to marry a man of her parents ' choice and went through a wedding ceremony " under duress " .
She was in court today as her counsel , Hassan Khan , told the judge that she had travelled to Bangladesh on August 2 on a return ticket to see her mother after being informed that she was ill .
But when she went to the family home in Dhaka on August 5 she was " manhandled " into the property by a number of people and immediately locked in a room .
She was monitored by guards and had her passport taken from her .
In proceedings brought under the new Act Mr Justice Coleridge issued injunctions against Dr Abedin 's parents , a paternal uncle and the man she was forced to marry .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Khan said she now wants to continue her GP training " and to continue with her life in the UK where she considers her home to be " .
He told the judge that a petition to have the marriage nullified was likely to be issued " in due course should this be necessary in this jurisdiction " .
In a statement after the hearing Dr Abedin was described as being " deeply upset by what has occurred and the treatment she has suffered " .
It said : " She does not wish for her parents to suffer any punishment for what has been done by them to her .
She is their only child . "
The fact that she has had to " assert her rights and her dignity in this way against her parents " was a " source of great sadness for her " .
Outside court Dr Abedin said : " I 'm very happy to be back , but I 'd like to get back to my life .
I 'm looking forward to starting my job . "
Her solicitor Anne-Marie Hutchinson said of the case : " The profile it has received means that other people will feel that they can come forward and seek the relief that , as Mr Justice Coleridge said , they 're entitled to . "
Miss Hutchinson added : " He 's emphasised what 's been said before , that forced marriage is a breach of human rights , and where it happens this court will deal with it if cases come before it . "
Philadelphia 's Frankford Candy & Chocolate Co. Inc. , which makes sweets under many names , including Disney and Harry Potter , did not return a request for comment , but its Web site says , " to the best of our knowledge , we can declare that melamine is not present in any of our products . "
The statement also said that Frankford had received guarantees from its suppliers and manufacturers that the products were melamine - free .
While living in a glass house may have obvious drawbacks and limited appeal for species of the human variety , adding one to your territorial domain , and filling it with fish – or birds – could add a whole new dimension to your architectural landscape .
Latest aquarium options expand horizons for introducing natural elements to every aspect of your home and office .
1. Duplex :
So named because of its dual aquarium / bird cage function , Duplex is thermo–formed in order to accommodate a simulated interaction between winged and finned pets .
A bowl - shaped aquarium placed atop a tall glass bird cage , this innovative creation gives the owner unique access to the world of fish and fowl and provides ample scope for the imagination .
Simplistic , uncomplicated lines lend it the appeal of a decorative , leafless vase which can be stashed in an uninteresting corner or displayed in the middle of the room .
[ via : Constance Guisset ]
2. Local River :
Created by French designer Mathieu Lehanneur , Local River blows the idea of a unique domestic “ refrigerator - aquarium ” that breeds freshwater fish for eating and grows vegetables at the same time .
[ via : Mathieu Lehanneur ]
3. Aquarium washbasin :
Bored with your daily bathroom routine ?
Italbrass ’s Moody ” guarantees an end to the tedium .
In addition to its primary function , this aquarium washbasin has a soothing Zen garden feel which provides a gentle platform to let the mind unwind .
Completely watertight with a sand bed and necessary lighting , the aquarium is also fitted with a power head to facilitate water circulation , oxygenation and filtration .
Soap dishes on each side cover access points for cleaning or changing the environment .
Mounted on a chrome finish brass stand with crystal top , a convenient front towel rail ensures it is as practical as it is aesthetically appealing .
[ via : Smolka ]
4. Aquarium Desk :
The forbidden Apple in the Garden of Delights has nothing on this new creation , which will give your stylish Mac something to compete with .
Designed to match Apple ’s stylish products with its slick white exterior , the Milk Desk has taken the working environment to a new level with the addition of an integrated aquarium .
Besides adding a refreshing splash of life to your work , the attractive , height - adjusting table , designed by Soren Kjaer , comes with productivity enhancers like an iPod storage box , pen holder and waste basket .
[ via : milk ]
5. Wall - mounted Aquarium :
Designed to enhance the natural look of your home or office , this wall - mounted aquarium makes a picture or plasma TV look dull in comparison .
Mounted on the wall at a height to suit you , the eye - catching aquarium simultaneously offers a point of distraction and focus and adds depth of dimension to any room .
Various sizes and colours are available in glass and acrylic , with cleaning and operating equipment integrated neatly behind the frame .
[ via : Mikaza Home ]
6. Fish Bowl :
Want a fish bowl but ca n’t bear the thought of an unsightly mass of greenery ?
Joe Doucet hears the common lament .
Well aware that fish need plants in order to breathe , he has come up with a solution that exploits his “ everything communicates ” principle beautifully and provides aesthetic appeal at the same time .
By inserting a glass plant holder into the centre of a fish bowl , he ensures that the fish – and you – get the best of both worlds .
While you get to have the plant of your choice and a fish , the fish gets to feel as if the plant is a part of this environment without touching it .
Besides introducing a rare element of meaningfulness to your environment , the bowl combination is also easier to clean and maintain .
[ via : joe doucet ]
7. Infinity Aquarium :
Posing as a complex maze of solitude , this infinite hand - crafted tunnel of water and glass provides endless fuel for the imagination of both fish and owner .
Enigmatically dubbed “ Swimming around in circles ” by design studio Forever , it could , however , pose a real problem for the creative whose mental convolutions would face a daunting challenge in the cleaning department .
[ via : BCXSY ]
8. Labyrinth Aquarium :
A fishy take on extra-terrestrial abodes , this Labyrinth Aquarium features multiple connected tanks for underwater exploration and viewer stimulation .
While the globes provide for endless rearranging and interactivity , the unsightly filters , lights , pumps and cleaning equipment are all cleverly concealed in the cabinet below .
[ via : Opulent items ]
9. Spacearium :
This enormous elliptical suspended Space Aquarium is slick , angle - free and large enough to act as a room divider or natural move screen .
The 360 - degree visibility enables you to enjoy the aquatic life from all vantage points and create the illusion of space for both you and the inhabitants .
A high - performance organic filtration system maintains the environment with minimal upkeep .
[ via : Spacearium ]
10 . Fish Pod :
Created by Benjamin Graindorge for the design PARADE festival and competition in France , the Fish Pod replaces rocks on the tank bed with plastic moulding which can be shaped into the shape of ridges and mountains .
Besides providing a unique external appearance , the fish also get to indulge in aesthetic eye candy .
The only drawback is that there is no information on whether these festival exhibits are available for sale .
Designer : Benjamin Graindorge
11 . Azoo Eco Desk :
Besides adding a stimulating splash of colour to a funky apartment , this self - cleaning desk aquarium saves on space by doubling up on function and aesthetics .
The glass top rests on a hinged support , which can be pulled open to add more fish or foliage , and a self - cleaning solution for biological , water and temperature control gives you little to worry about in the maintenance department .
You ’ll never need to worry about tablecloths or flowers .
[ via : azoopalm ]
12 . Aquariass Fish Tank Toilet :
It sounds too bizarre to imagine , but this real - life aquarium really is part of the toilet .
If the idea appeals , check it out on Oliver Beckert ’s home page .
The gentle background gurgle serves as a subtle subterfuge for unpleasant bathroom sounds and doubles as a soothing environment for reading the newspaper .
The bonus is the aquarium does n’t actually share a tank with the toilet , so there ’s no danger of flushing the fish away .
[ via : elseware ]
13 . Fish Loft :
Designed to give you more visual access to your fish and an added dimension to your home , Fish Loft gives new meaning to Pink Floyd ’s “ lost souls swimming in a fish bowl ” lyrics .
Just whether finned creatures can explore more than a horizontal dimension is doubtful though and cleaning could become a daily grind as algae might find the loft walls more attractive than the moving inhabitants .
Imaginative at best , challenging at worst .
[ via : Fish Loft ]
To many people , bird song can herald the coming of spring , reveal what kind of bird is perched nearby or be merely an unwelcome early morning intrusion .
But to Sandra Vehrencamp , Cornell professor of neurobiology and behavior , bird song is a code from which to glean insights into avian behavior .
Birds use song systems to communicate about mating and reproduction , territorial boundaries , age and even overall health .
Vehrencamp studies them to decode which elements convey such essential information .
With colleagues in the Bioacoustics Research Program at Cornell 's Lab of Ornithology , she studies birds in such natural habitats as Costa Rica , Colombia and Bonaire .
Vehrencamp records bird songs and then plays them back to birds of the same species to decipher strategies that various species use to attract mates and resolve territorial disputes .
The technique allows researchers to study birds ' reactions to songs when such elements as overlapping vocalization , finer song structural features and the type of song played back are varied .
" You kind of feel like you 're talking to the bird , " Vehrencamp said .
She found , for example , that song sparrows in southern California can interpret some forms of playback as " fighting words , " because they often resolve conflict by singing the same type of song -- known as song - type matching -- back to one another .
" They get really mad , " Vehrencamp said .
" They treat playback like it 's another bird and will sometimes come right up to the speaker . "
Between male birds , if song - type matching fails to resolve a conflict , physical confrontation might ensue .
" They both pay costs if they fight , " Vehrencamp said .
" Birds start to negotiate a boundary dispute with song -- they do n't want to fight . "
advertisement
Vehrencamp 's work also suggests that males that are most successful are those that share many song types with their territorial neighbors .
Song sparrows , for example , can learn songs only within a narrow time period restricted to the first few months after fledging , which means that males must learn neighborhood songs quickly to facilitate successful territorial negotiations .
" Song sparrows are very restricted learners , so the dominant birds that acquire territories within their natal area share more song types with their neighbors and survive better , " explained Vehrencamp , who observed that birds with a low degree of song - sharing spend more time fighting with neighbors and are rarely seen the next breeding season .
Vehrencamp also studies the banded wren in Central America .
This species has a longer learning period , up to a year or more , so all birds in the neighborhood share a large fraction of their song types .
" Males get up early , and sing vigorously with frequent song - type matching in what 's called a dawn chorus , " Vehrencamp said .
" We think they 're singing to other males , but the females are listening , too . "
Type -matching not only indicates aggressive intentions , but enables the birds to compare each other 's singing performance for each type of song .
Her study suggests that such detail as the trill elements in a song are used by listeners to indicate the singer 's overall fitness .
" You really have to be in top - notch shape to produce these elements well , " she said , adding that a well - sung song in wrens or a large song repertoire in tropical mockingbirds , another species Vehrencamp studies , can indicate the age of a bird .
Older males are generally preferred by females because they have a proven ability to survive .
To study how the wrens pay attention to these finer details , Vehrencamp created a " super male " by manipulating the fine - structure elements in song recordings .
Territory owners , she found , were reluctant to approach the speaker and chase off such strong " intruders " .
advertisement
And when she genetically tested offspring to determine paternity , she found that singing was a factor when females sought to breed with males that were n't their mates .
" In general , these wrens are quite faithful , but every once in a while we find evidence of extra- pair mating , and the extra - pair mates always had better song quality , " she said .
" So we know females pay attention to fine song structure . "
Vehrencamp said that placing such avian observations within a larger framework can help predict what effects environmental factors -- including humans -- might have on an animal 's behavior or survival .
" If we can understand the ecological factors that enhance reproductive success and can link them to conservation , then we might be able to save a species , " she said .
She added that by better understanding how ecological factors affect the evolution of social behavior , " you can see where humans fit into the big picture , and that adds a richness and depth of understanding for why we are the sorts of animals that we are . "
Sometimes it seems like organizations that want to protect Americans from terrorism end up doing all the terrorists ' research for them .
The Center for American Progress , a progressive think tank headed by John Podesta , formerly Bill Clinton 's Chief of Staff , has compiled a handy guide to the nation 's most vulnerable chemical facilities , complete with how many millions of lives could be taken were the terrorists to win .
And guess what ?
Twenty - seven of the 101 " most dangerous " chemical facilities are right here in Texas , with " one in Wylie , one in Sunnyvale , one in Grand Prairie , two in Dallas , one in Euless , nine in Houston , one in Channelview , four in Pasadena , one in Baytown , two in Deer Park , and four in La Porte . "
There actually is a point to this handy guide .
The Center for American Progress is proposing solutions for making these facilities less vulnerable to attack .
For example , it recommends that bleach facilities - there are three here - generate chlorine " on-site without rail shipment or bulk storage . "
Makes sense to us .
But we 're not going to link to the report .
You 're on your own , Al - Qaeda .
- Cathy Matusow
The evolution of novel characteristics within organisms can be enhanced when environments change in a systematic manner , according to a new study by Weizmann Institute researchers .
Merav Parter , Nadav Kashtan and Uri Alon suggest that in environments that vary over time in a non-random way , evolution can learn the rules of the environment and develop organisms that can readily generate novel useful traits with only a few mutations .
Details are published November 7 in the open- access journal PLoS Computational Biology .
The ability to generate novelty is one of the main mysteries in evolutionary theory .
Recently , discoveries in evolution , genetics and developmental biology have been integrated to suggest that organisms have facilitated variation : a design whereby random genetic changes result in novel characteristics ( phenotypes ) that could be useful .
For example , any one of many possible mutations within birds can result in a new beak shape appropriate for a new environment .
This leaves the question of how facilitated variation spontaneously evolves .
In this study Parter , Kashtan and Alon began with the observation that environments in nature seemingly vary according to common rules or regularities .
They proposed that organisms can learn how previous environments changed , and then use this information for their evolutionary advantage in the future .
For example , if the available seeds tended to vary in size and hardness along history , then bird species might have learned to develop beaks with an easily tunable size and strength .
To check their hypothesis , the group employed computer simulations of evolution of simple computational ' organisms ' .
These organisms were evolved under two different scenarios :
The first class evolved under unchanging environment , and the second class evolved under a systemically changing environment .
The two scenarios yielded organisms with different designs .
The organisms evolved under varying environments stored information about their history in their genome and developed a special modular design .
Interestingly , they were able to generate novel useful phenotypes for a novel environment , as long as it shared the same rules with past environments .
The present study demonstrates the large effect the environment can have on the evolution of biological designs , and bring us another step forward towards understanding how the ability to generate useful novelties evolve .
Citation : Parter M , Kashtan N , Alon U ( 2008 ) Facilitated Variation : How Evolution Learns from Past Environments To Generalize to New Environments .
PLoS Comput Biol 4 ( 11 ) : e1000206 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000206 www.ploscompbiol.org/doi/pcbi.1000206
Source : Public Library of Science
Explore further New way of analyzing soil organic matter will help predict climate change
Re : [ PATCH ] oom_pardon , aka do n't kill my xlock
From : Andries Brouwer < aebr- AT-win.tue.nl >
To : Thomas Habets < thomas- AT- habets.pp.se >
Subject : Re : [ PATCH ] oom_pardon , aka do n't kill my xlock Date : Fri , 24 Sep 2004 01:45:20 +0200 Cc : linux - kernel-AT-vger.kernel.org
Look at the funny , Interesting , Crazy picture & Video .
Any time .
Most of us would like people in the audience to ask questions .
A lively Q&A session is stimulating and engaging for the audience .
But sometimes you ask for questions , and you ’re just met with blank gazes back from your audience .
It ’s a let - down and your presentation ends on a sour note .
Questions from the audience are like young fragile seedlings – they need nurturing .
Consider when you ’re in the audience – what stages do you have to mentally go through in order to ask a question ?
It might go something like this :
So as the presenter , you need to nurture your audience ’s questions through these four stages .
Here are 8 tips to help make them through :
1 . Pitch your presentation at the right level for your audience
The first stage of questions is birth – they have to be born in your audience ’s mind .
If your presentation is too simple for the level of knowledge in your audience – it ’s all material they ’ve covered before – they wo n’t have any questions .
Conversly , if it ’s too complicated for them , they ’ll turn off rather than risk asking a question which might make them look stupid .
2 . Do n’t cover every aspect of your topic in the presentation
If you cover everything there is to know on the topic – you wo n’t leave room for questions .
So do n’t be exhaustive in your coverage .
3 . Let your audience know you would like questions and when to ask them
Near the beginning of your presentation let your audience know that you welcome questions .
Then let them know when to ask them .
There are a number of options :
Take questions throughout your presentation
Tell people they can interrupt you throughout the presentation to ask questions as they come to mind .
This has several benefits :
people wo n’t have to remember their question till later
if they ’re uncertain about something they can get that clarified at the time
questions on a particular issue are dealt with at the same time that you ’re discussing that issue .
The downside to this strategy is that it can take you off track if people ask irrelevant questions or questions that you ’re going to cover later in the presentation .
If you find it tricky to get back into the flow of your presentation after an interruption it may not be the best strategy for you .
Finally , it can throw the timing of your presentation if people ask a lot of questions on a particular issue .
This strategy is best used in longer presentations and training courses where timing is less critical .
Take questions at defined points of your presentation
Tell people you will have an opportunity for questions after you ’ve finished each part of your presentation .
This option is a useful halfway point between having questions throughout and leaving them till the end of the presentation .
You can also decide how long to take questions for during each break in your presentation , and so control the timing better .
4 . Let them ask a question as soon as they have one
If you ’re serious about ensuring that people get their questions answered , invite people to interrupt you and ask their question .
It ’s the only way to ensure this .
That ’s when the question is burning for them .
The longer you make people wait , the less likely they are to remember it .
Once you ’ve moved onto a new topic , their question will seem less relevant .
Joey Asher from Talking Points blog says :
Questions are n’t to be feared .
They ’re to be embraced .
There ’s no better way to connect with an audience than to allow them free rein to ask as many questions as they want .
5 . Invite people to write down their questions as they think of them
If you do n’t want to take questions throughout , you can help people remember their questions by suggesting that they write them down .
6. Validate every question
It takes courage to ask a question .
It ’s public speaking – just not from the front of the room .
People are held back by wondering if their question is stupid or did they miss something and you already answered it .
So you need to do your bit to make it a safe environment for people to ask questions .
Do that by responding warmly to all questions that are asked – even if the question is stupid or you had already covered it .
I do n’t recommend saying “ Good question ” .
It ’s become a cliche which is often used when the presenter can’t immediately think of the answer .
7 . Have people discuss in pairs any questions they may have
If your audience seems a little shy , give them an opportunity to discuss their questions with one other person before they ask them in front of the whole of the audience .
Here ’s how do do this :
“ I ’m going to ask for questions in a moment .
Please turn to the person next to you and discuss together any questions you have .
Then I ’ll answer those questions . ”
This has several benefits :
It gives people the opportunity to try out their question in front of one person before risking humiliation in front of the whole audience .
Any questions that are answered by material you ’ve already covered can be answered by their partner .
It gives people the opportunity to rehearse and fine - tune their question so that it will be shorter and clearer when they ask you .
8 . Answer questions clearly and succinctly
If you answer every question with a long - winded and incoherent ramble , people are going to be reluctant to ask you another one .
They ’ll conclude they ’re unlikely to get a useful answer from you .
Nor do they want to subject the rest of the audience to another ramble .
More resources on other blogs
Five ways to make presentations Q&A friendly from Joey Asher at Talking Points .
He also recommends validating every question :
Smiling at the questioner is like rewarding a dog for sitting on command .
Once rewarded , the chances are the audience will ask more .
John Windsor has a useful post Making the most of a Q&A session .
He stresses anticipating the questions that might be asked .
And also advises that you recap and conclude your presentation after the Q&A session .
That provides a stronger ending to your presentation than just lettting questions peter out .
Andrew Dlugan discusses Leading the perfect Q&A .
This covers all elements of the Q&A session from both the audience ’s point of view and the presenters .
Shop is closed July 20 - Aug 3 , 2020 for holiday .
Thanks !
There are no more items in your cart
Save products on your wishlist to buy them later or share with your friends .
You need to login or create account
You need to login or create account ×
In order to optimize our website for a user - friendly , effective and safe website , we use cookies .
By default , continuing to use the website , you agree to the use of cookies .
Further information on cookies can be found in Cookies in the footer privacy policy
Accept
One Law for
All campaign launched
The One Law for All campaign was launched at the House of Lords on International Human Rights Day , 10 December , 2008 .
It draws attention to the problems of Sharia and was offered help by Parliamentarians last night to explore possible legislative changes , for example to curb the activities of Sharia councils and tribunals .
The Canadian Province of Ontario has reacted to similar problems by outlawing all religious tribunals .
Campaign organiser , Maryam Namazie commented : “ Even in civil matters , Sharia law is discriminatory , unfair and unjust , particularly against women and children .
Moreover , its voluntary nature is a sham ; many women will be pressured into going to these courts and abiding by their decisions .
These courts are a quick and cheap route to injustice and do nothing to promote minority rights and social cohesion .
Public interest , particularly with regard to women and children , requires an end to Sharia and all other faith - based courts and tribunals . ”
Keith Porteous Wood , Executive Director of the National Secular Society , said : “ Sharia is becoming a growth industry in Britain , putting growing pressure on vulnerable people in the Muslim community to use Sharia councils and tribunals to resolve disputes and family matters , when they could use the civil courts .
Sharia “ law ” is not arrived at by the democratic process , is not Human Rights compliant , and there is no right of appeal .
The Muslim Arbitration Tribunal ’s ( MAT ’s ) own website says “ MAT will therefore , for the first time , offer the Muslim community a real and true opportunity to settle disputes in accordance with Islamic Sacred Law with the knowledge that the outcome as determined by MAT will be binding and enforceable . ”
It proudly shows photographs of the recently retired Lord Chief Justice and Justice Minister Lord Hunt claiming various types of endorsement by them .
Carla Revere , Chair of the Lawyers ’ Secular Society added : “ Such self - appointed , unregulated tribunals are gaining in strength ; they increasingly hold themselves up as courts with as much force as the law of the land , but are not operating with the same controls and safeguards .
They appear to be operating in the area of family law and some even in criminal matters , where they have no right to make binding decisions as they claim to do .
Even if the decisions were binding , UK courts do not uphold contractual decisions that are contrary to UK law or public policy .
We call on the Government and legal establishment to stand up for the vulnerable and tackle this significant and growing problem , rather than ignoring it . ”
Read the speech delivered by Keith Porteous Wood in full
11 December 2008
Some of the greatest players in baseball wheezed to the finish , wearing odd uniforms , their skills long gone .
Willie Mays was a Met. Duke Snider was a Giant .
Steve Carlton was a Twin .
They were sad examples of the truth in the Robert Frost quotation : “ No memory of having starred / atones for later disregard / or keeps the end from being hard . ”
Mike Mussina never wanted that for himself .
Last January , as he started his off - season workouts , Mussina had 250 career victories .
He took a critical look at his previous four seasons , in which he had earned just 51 wins .
Only 2006 , when he was 15 - 7 , met his standard of excellence .
Mussina decided then to retire , to resist the thorny path to 300 victories and to approach 2008 as if he were a senior in high school , savoring the final moments of a life to which he would not return .
He surprised himself by winning 20 games for the first time , but it never changed his resolve .
He was done .
“ I always said when I got to this point , I wanted to go out on my own terms , ” Mussina said in a conference call with reporters Thursday to announce his decision formally .
During halftime of Oklahoma ’s 49 - 17 victory at Baylor in October , I talked with the Sooners athletic department spokesman Kenny Mossman about Sam Bradford ’s chances at winning the Heisman Trophy this season .
At the time , Bradford was starting to establish himself as a candidate by virtue of his play , though he proved elusive about the subject off the field .
Mossman said he was having difficulty getting Bradford to do interviews with national news media outlets because he did n’t want to talk about himself .
“ If Sam wins the Heisman , ” Mossman said , “ it ’ll be in spite of himself . ”
Now , just over two months later , Bradford is on the cusp of potentially winning the Heisman Trophy on Saturday night , despite his self - deflecting personality .
Because he had no interest in promoting himself for the award , Oklahoma actually ramped up his campaign late in the season , largely without Bradford ’s knowledge , Mossman said .
The university recently mailed out a cutout photograph of Bradford in the shape of a hand - held fan to the members of the Football Writers Association of America .
The photograph of Bradford is similar to the stiff - arm pose of the player depicted in the Heisman Trophy and says , “ Fantastic Sam ” with his accomplishments listed on the backside .
“ Sam ’s focus on academics and football is such that he did not want the additional media attention that comes with a flashy campaign , ” Mossman said in an e-mail message .
“ I also think he felt too much spotlight on him might be detrimental to team chemistry .
His humility is as genuine as I have seen in my 24 years in intercollegiate athletics .
So it is probably appropriate to say that he earned this much acclaim in spite of his personal approach to publicity , but it ’s also fair to say that he probably rose in the voters ’ eyes on the strength of the team cohesion that he fought so hard to protect .
He appreciates his platform as a role model but he would probably be fine living his life in anonymity too .
Of course , those days are gone . ”
Portal - Portal : Prelude Mod v1.1.5
Portal : Prelude , as its name states it , is an unofficial prequel to the game Portal .
Its story revolves around the pre-GlaDOS epoch , even before she was plugged in .
At this time , test subjects were monitored by real Aperture Science employees whose work was tedious , lengthy and repetitive .
This is why they decided to build a great artificial intelligence that could both replace them in these difficult tasks , but also take responsibility for many other tasks within the complex and compete with Black Mesa 's superiority .
All employees of the Aperture Science complex are now eagerly awaiting GlaDOS .
Maybe even a little too eagerly , as the upcoming events will tell ...
Want more info ?
Check out the Planet Half - Life Review HERE !
Portal : Prelude 1.1.5 ( released 2009 -01 - 29 )
* Added : german translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : czech translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : chinese translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : unofficial slovak translation ( see portalprelude.com )
* Fixed : italian subtitles corrupted by additionnal quotes ( thanks to Matteo Piazza )
* Fixed : russian subtitles corrupted by additionnal quotes ( thanks to Matteo Piazza )
* Fixed : korean subtitles corrupted by missing tag ( thanks to Nevets_Look )
* Fixed : portuguese subtitles corrupted by missing tag ( thanks to Nevets_Look )
* Fixed : typos in spanish subtitles ( thanks to Siegfried Anderson )
* Fixed : test chamber 6 not reloading when failing
* Fixed : difficulties to fire portals through some of the white holes
* Fixed : ability to go back when reaching the end of chamber 12
* Fixed : time challenge for chamber 15 was a step challenge
* Fixed : in a rare case glados was still attacking when shutted down
* Fixed : ability to go under the elevator before it came back in chamber 18
* Fixed : flying ghost chair in aperture laboratories
* Fixed : random crashes should disappear , let 's hope some others wo n't appear
* Fixed : glados laser starting too fast , increased the delay
* Fixed : a few soundscape problems
* Fixed : credited the correct people for the correct stuff
* Fixed : missing projector model textures
* Fixed : music played during the second boss - fight not playing correctly or not at all
* Fixed : several cubemap ( reflections ) visual glitches
* Fixed : ability to open the door to the three ballcatchers in level 19 , by only using a cube
* Fixed : lighting artifacts in the last levels
* Fixed : GlaDOS randomly stops attacking in the second round
* Fixed : subtitles activated by default when the mod is launched for the first time
* Fixed : hundreds of trivial glitches and tiny stuff everywhere in the levels
* Added : new aperture science laboratories logos
* Added : simpler and clearer signage in the first levels
* Added : maybe one , two or three new easter - eggs ?
* Added : the correct graph and soundcache files
* Added : new lighting effects near metal grates
* Added : new intro sequence ( vault lift )
Portal : Prelude 1.1.0 ( released 2008 - 10 - 29 )
* Added : dutch translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : finnish translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : hungarian translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : italian translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : korean translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : portuguese translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : russian translation ( subtitles only )
* Added : spanish translation ( subtitles only )
* Fixed : portals not fizzled when you handed back your portalgun
* Fixed : installer problems ( mostly with Windows Vista )
* Fixed : huge freezes and lags when GlaDOS is started
* Fixed : morality core going through a grate in the last level
* Added : a toggle mode to the BTS button in test chamber 19
* Fixed : camera wo n't fall in test chamber 15
* Fixed : ability to go inside observation rooms using an engine glitch
* Fixed : finishing test chamber 6 could lead to Mike saying you failed
* Fixed : Erik saying " euros " instead of " dollars "
* Fixed : ability to go inside the box dispensers using an engine glitch
* Fixed : advanced chambers / challenges still locked when finishing the game
* Fixed : autosaves not correctly activated
* Added : autosaves on challenge start
* Added : autosaves after long speeches
* Fixed : player could get stuck under elevators
* Fixed : challenge 15 wo n't record scores
* Fixed : challenge 17 wo n't record scores
* Fixed : box dispensers can drop more than one cube
* Fixed : typos in french subtitles
* Fixed : typos in english subtitles
* Fixed : portal fizzler in test chamber 17 gives a cube for a camera
* Fixed : missing faces resulting in visible outside of the level
* Fixed : non-solid door in test chamber 3
* Fixed : non-solid door in test chamber 4
* Fixed : cubes can get blocked in the dispensers tube
* Added : an escape path in test chamber 9
* Fixed : glass panel can be broken with a chair in the aperture laboratories
* Fixed : cube can be lost in the orbs room in test chamber 19
* Fixed : cube can be lost before the pit in test chamber 19
* Added : a cube dispenser in test chamber 14
* Added : an alternative path in test chamber 15 ( for the challenges )
* Added : a delay when turrets appear in test chamber 8
* Fixed : bogus elevator in test chamber 10
* Added : a distraction in the turrets room in test chamber 11
* Fixed : radio song does not stop when the radio is destoyed
* Fixed : moving a few autosaves and areaportals to prevent the game from crashing
* Fixed : improving lipsyncing but it 's still random as faceposer keeps corrupting our sounds
* Fixed : ballcatchers can be activated with any thrown object
* Fixed : scorpions ' song replaced by four variations of still alive
* Fixed : door wo n't open in the corridor at the beginning of test chamber 18
* Added : hints at the end of test chamber 18
* Added : a disclaimer when the game starts
* Added : a ledge for the first jump in test chamber 2
* Fixed : turrets fire too quickly in test chamber 1
* Added : a ledge for the fling in test chamber 3
* Fixed : lunch bag model sounds like metal
* Added : english part to the commentary , to point out that there 's subtitles
* Added : new " directional sign " textures for test chamber 19 BTS area
* Added : hints under the stairs in test chamber 19
* Added : another path to get to the BTS area in test chamber 19
* Fixed : particles and light color of disintegrators
* Fixed : particles color of " only - portals " fizzlers
* Fixed : rework a few textures for the BTS / maintenance areas to look less old
* Fixed : clean and optimize level geometry
* Added : missing challenge records for test chamber 15
* Added : missing challenge records for test chamber 18
* Added : missing challenge records for test chamber 19
* Fixed : GlaDOS force field insta-kills too randomly and too often
* Fixed : bogus NPC animations
* Removed : alternative solution for test chamber 4
* Added : space between " only - portal " fizzlers and disintegrators in test chamber 15
* Fixed : snoozing man is not snoozing
* Added : NPCs in some empty observation rooms
* Fixed : fizzler in test chamber 15 is destroying the energy orb
* Fixed : too many letal turrets in test chamber 15
* Added : hints in the 4 - turrets room in test chamber 17
* Added : a glass panel to see the rotating wall in test chamber 17
* Added : missing tubes in box dispensers
* Added : crosses on wedge shaped platforms in test chamber 19
* Fixed : GlaDOS stops attacking after her second attack in the second round
* Added : restored stairs in the BTS / maintenance area in test chamber 15
* Added : clipping in most of the stairs to avoid view shaking
* Fixed : in a rare case , the cube is n't respawned in test chamber 17
* Fixed : in a rare case , the cube is n't respawned in test chamber 18
* Fixed : overlapping blocks in test chamber 19
* Fixed : at the end , the new menu does n't show up if the console if visible
Portal : Prelude 1.0.0 ( released 2008 - 10 - 10 )
* Initial release
If France ever doubted that the new Rwanda was a lost cause then the news that the tiny African state had established a cricket board was final confirmation that it had gone over to the other side .
Rwanda 's current president decided long ago that he could not be bothered to learn French .
His government asked to join the Commonwealth even though the country was never a British colony .
And then there are the billboards screaming mobile - phone adverts in English outside the padlocked French cultural centre .
Yet little more than a decade ago , France claimed Rwanda as a solid member of the Francophone bloc viewed from Paris as a great family , with itself as a generous and indulgent parent , particularly to its former African possessions .
In Rwanda , only about one in eight of the population actually spoke French , but it was the official language , and the people who mattered - the country 's political elite in a one - party state - embraced Paris as a source of cultural identity and protection .
Today , not only is English flourishing in Rwanda but France is widely talked of as the enemy .
In some quarters , French is thought of as the language of death ; of those who killed and those who stayed to be murdered in the genocide of 1994 .
The young elite posing in the bustling cafes and night clubs of Rwanda 's capital , Kigali , flaunt English as the language of the strong , of those who resisted the genocide , of the anti-French .
To understand this remarkable transformation you only have to talk to Venuste Kayimahe .
By April 1994 , he had worked for the French government for 25 years but it still , he says , left him to die when Hutu extremists unleashed the slaughter that took 800,000 Tutsi lives in 100 days .
He was employed as an audio-visual editor at the French cultural centre in Kigali and happened to be watching a football match on television there with his wife and two of his seven children on the evening two missiles shot down President Juvénal Habyarimana 's plane and kick - started the genocide .
Kayimahe is a Tutsi .
" Five of my children were in one place and I was in the cultural centre and the killing had started and I could n't get to them .
I was wondering how I would protect them , " he says .
" It was quite impossible to escape Kigali because they were killing people all over . "
Kayimahe hid in the cultural centre and called its French director , Anne Cros , to beg for help to get his family to safety .
Cros said there was nothing she could do until French troops landed in Rwanda .
Two days later , she arrived with the soldiers .
" I thought they were there to save us but she said they were there to collect some official files .
I begged for help .
I pleaded with her .
I showed her my children .
She said ' No ' and left , " says Kayimahe .
He later learned that the same day one of his other children , 13 - year - old Aimée , was murdered by the notorious machete - wielding Hutu militia , the Interahamwe , meaning " we who work together " .
The French army turned its back on many others , including the French embassy 's Tutsi staff , who were mostly abandoned to their deaths despite desperate pleas to diplomats they had worked with for years .
The French soldiers did rescue some Rwandans .
They took the assassinated president 's wife ( a notorious anti-Tutsi extremist in her own right ) , and various Hutu politicians who helped organise the genocide .
They also remembered the French embassy dog , which was carefully loaded on to an army lorry while a Tutsi man who ran up to beg for help was turned away .
Now , almost 13 years later , the French ambassador 's chair in Rwanda is again empty , its occupant having been forced to leave hurriedly .
But this time he was thrown out by the Tutsi-led government as bitterness between these English - speaking rulers and France came to a head six weeks ago over the 1994 slaughter .
At the heart of the dispute is a battle for history as each side attempts to pin the other with moral responsibility for the last genocide of the 20th century .
That the mass killing was organised by Hutu extremists in the Rwandan army and government who swiftly seized power after Habyarimana 's death is not in doubt .
But in November of last year , France 's leading anti-terrorism judge , Jean - Louis Bruguière , accused Rwanda 's president , Paul Kagame - the Tutsi leader who has held power since overthrowing the genocidal regime - of bringing mass murder on his own people .
The judge alleged that Kagame , as the leader of Tutsi rebels in 1994 , ordered Habyarimana 's assassination and unleashed the killing .
Bruguière cannot indict Kagame because he is a head of state , but he did issue international arrest warrants for nine of the Rwandan president 's closest aides and recommended that the Tanzania - based international tribunal trying those who organised the genocide also pursue Kagame .
Rwanda responded by expelling almost everything French from the tiny central African country .
Not only was the ambassador unceremoniously booted out with his staff , but the French school and cultural centre were shut , and France 's world service radio taken off air in Rwanda .
As the French left , years of anger among Rwanda 's Tutsis spilled out over the price they believe they have paid for Paris 's unique view of its place in post - colonial Africa - a role critics say is shaped by an obsession with the influence of its language and culture that led Paris to support a murderous regime because its opponents spoke English .
France went on backing the killers even as the bodies piled up in the streets , churches and football stadiums .
" France wants to blame us , the ones whose families were murdered , the ones who put a stop to the murderers ; they want to blame us for the genocide because they cannot face their own guilt , " says Rwanda 's foreign minister , Charles Murigande .
" The French armed the killers and they trained them even when they were saying they were going to kill the Tutsis , and France supported the genocide regime right up until the end , even helping the killers to escape . "
Why ?
" Because they have this obsession with Anglo - Saxons . "
Bruguière 's indictment against the head of the Rwandan military , General James Kabarebe , and others alleges that Kagame and his Tutsi - dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front rebels were dissatisfied with a peace accord negotiated with Habyarimana 's Hutu government to end the war begun in 1990 and so plotted to assassinate him and seize power .
In doing so , the French judge said , the RPF unleashed a whirlwind of hatred against the minority Tutsi population that created a spontaneous genocide .
Bruguière 's interpretation is highly contentious given that Hutu extremists had been threatening to kill Habyarimana for months and that plans for the genocide were well laid before the death squads went into action .
It has not helped the judge 's case that he did not visit Rwanda , but he did take evidence from men on trial at the international tribunal for organising the massacres , such as Théoneste Bagosora who might be regarded as the Himmler of Rwanda .
Two of Bruguière 's key witnesses , disaffected former RPF soldiers , have since accused him of using the indictments for political ends in an ongoing campaign by France against the present Rwandan leadership .
One of those indicted by Bruguière is Sam Kanyemera , formerly an RPF colonel and now a member of Rwanda 's parliament .
" This judge 's evidence is really rubbish .
Who has told him this ?
The killers and some soldiers who could not possibly know this , " he says .
" We know this is political . "
After leaks appeared in the French press two years ago saying that Bruguière planned to accuse Kagame in connection with the shooting down of the presidential aircraft , the Rwandan government set up its own commission to probe France 's role in the killings that ensued .
The commission has been delving into a stack of official papers abandoned by the defeated Hutu regime that sources say throw new light on the extent of French support for it , with large weapons shipments to the army , the training of the militias which later carried out the genocide , and French soldiers involved in frontline combat against the RPF by overseeing the firing of artillery and by flying helicopter gunships .
The year before the genocide , there were so many French weapons sloshing around Rwanda that hand grenades were on sale next to the fruit in Kigali market for about £ 1 each .
The commission 's public hearings may cause France to regret resurrecting the past .
One witness , Isidore Nzeyimana , a former military instructor , told the commission he worked with French officers who trained members of the Interahamwe .
which led the killing .
Another former soldier , Corporal Jean Damascent Kaburare , said French soldiers were involved in ideological indoctrination against Tutsis .
" They told recruits that the enemy was the Tutsi , " he said .
" After the training that lasted a few days , they provided each of the trainees with a gun . "
When the genocide started , Paris made no secret of where its loyalties lay .
The French military flew in ammunition for government forces and , in the following weeks , a stream of Hutu officials travelled to Paris , including Jean - Bosco Barayagwiza , who was later convicted of genocide by the international tribunal , for meetings with President François Mitterrand and the French prime minister .
Even as the mass graves filled across Rwanda , Paris engineered the delivery of millions of dollars ' worth of weapons to the Hutu regime from Egypt and South Africa .
Africa has traditionally been considered such a special case in Paris that France 's policy is run out of the presidency .
At the time , the " Africa cell " was headed by Mitterrand 's son , Jean - Christophe , a close friend of the Habyarimanas .
He later said that there could not have been a genocide because " Africans are not that organised " .
France 's president did not deny what had happened , but took a view no less racist : " In such countries , genocide is not too important . "
Gérard Prunier , a French historian who advised the French government during the later stages of its intervention in Rwanda , has characterised Paris 's view of its former African colonies not as foreign countries but as " part of the family " .
Paris 's African " back yard " , he wrote in a history of the Rwandan genocide - in which he made clear his disaffection with French support for the Hutu regime - " remains its back yard because all the chicks cackle in French .
There is a high degree of symbiosis between French and Francophone African political elites .
It is a mixture of many things : old memories , shared material interests , delusions of grandeur , gossip , sexual peccadilloes . "
He added : " Of course , the arch - enemy in this cosy relationship , the hissing snake in the Garden of Eden , is the ' Anglo - Saxon ' . "
Prunier said French governments viewed " the whole world as a cultural , political and economic battlefield between France and the Anglo - Saxons ...
It is the main reason - and practically the only one - why Paris intervened so quickly and so deeply in the growing Rwandan crisis . "
The RPF 's invasion of Rwanda in 1990 rang all the alarm bells about encroaching Anglo - Saxon influence .
The rebel front was dominated by Tutsis whose families had been driven into exile by wholesale massacres around the time of Rwanda 's independence from Belgium in 1962 .
Many families settled in neighbouring Uganda where their children grew up speaking English , joined Yoweri Museveni 's rebel movement that seized power in Uganda in 1986 and then began to plan an assault on their homeland .
Kagame was among them .
France immediately sent troops and weapons to defend Habyarimana 's regime .
Politicians and the military top brass cast the conflict as between Francophone Hutus and invading Anglo - Saxon Tutsis - though 15 % of Rwanda 's population were Tutsis who had not left the country .
Some in the French military talked of the RPF as wanting to destroy the Hutus , calling the rebels the " Black Khmers " .
Despite the growing evidence of a genocide in the making during the early 1990s , and the excesses of Habyarimana 's regime in assassinating opponents and organising periodic massacres of Tutsi civilians , France 's support did not waver .
Even as the Hutu government was facing collapse in the last phase of the genocide , and no one doubted that there had been a slaughter of Tutsis , France was trying to save the failing regime by sending troops to carve out a " safe zone " in the western parts of Rwanda still under Hutu control .
" Operation Turquoise " was billed as an intervention " to stop the massacres and to protect the populations threatened with extermination " .
But , as the Rwandan commission into French actions has been hearing , the zone proved to be safe for the Hutu Interahamwe to carry on murdering and to protect the extremist government from capture and trial by the RPF .
The killers understood this .
At the roadblocks , they cheered the first French troops to arrive .
Later , General Jean - Claude Lafourcade , commander of Operation Turquoise , admitted that the safe zone was intended to keep alive the Hutu government in the hope that it would deny the RPF total victory and international recognition as the rulers of Rwanda .
It was also an opportunity for France to help leading members of the regime to flee .
Other killers made their own way to France knowing they would find protection from justice .
The true nature of Operation Turquoise was laid bare by events in the hills of Bisesero in the western province of Kibuye .
Even after French soldiers arrived , the governor of Kibuye , Clément Kayishema , led militia attacks in the hills to kill Tutsis who had survived the slaughter of about 21,000 people , a slaughter he had organised in local churches and stadiums .
The French commander in Kibuye , Captain Marin Gillier , took the attitude that Kayishema was the legal authority and chose to believe the governor when he said the Tutsis in the hills were armed rebels even though the front line with the RPF was about 50 km away .
Hundreds more innocents were murdered before Gillier finally ventured into the hills .
When he did , he recognised that the Tutsis there were not rebels and were armed only with sticks and bows and arrows to defend themselves .
Many were starving , others severely wounded .
French soldiers were shocked when they saw the bodies of hundreds of those killed lying at the bottom of the hills , and some complained to reporters that they had been duped by their own government .
Gillier appeared to have been misinformed about what was happening in front of his eyes , and later humiliated at what he had been drawn into by the politicians in Paris .
Others were not so troubled .
The commander on the ground was a colonel who identified himself as Didier Thibault .
At the time I asked him about French cooperation with Kayishema and other killers .
He responded that the Rwandan government and its army were " legal organisations " .
" Some members might have blood on their hands but not all .
It is not my task and not my mandate to replace these people , " he said .
Col Thibault was later revealed to be Colonel Didier Tauzin who was previously an adviser to the Rwandan army who had commanded the French operation that halted the RPF advance on Kigali a year earlier .
Rwanda 's foreign minister says that one of the RPF 's crimes in Paris 's eyes is that it has shown other Francophone African countries that " France can be challenged .
At the end of the day there is life away from France . "
French fears were not misplaced .
The present Rwandan administration looks to the US and Britain as its principal allies outside Africa , and the Rwandan conflict helped bring down another French ally , Mobutu Sese Seko of what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo .
That country , too , is now ruled by an English - speaking president .
Rwanda 's foreign minister , Murigande , accuses France of spending more than a decade punishing the RPF for its victory : " In all international forums - the World Bank , the IMF - France not only voted against any development programme that these institutions would want to undertake in Rwanda but it even went out of its way to mobilise other countries to vote against them . "
Before the genocide , France was the largest donor of any country to Rwanda .
Today , it is the smallest .
Yet France still unnerves the Rwandan leadership .
The RPF fears that if the accusation that it killed Habyarimana is given currency it will undermine the very justification for its power .
The genocide provided a moral legitimacy to the victory of a rebel organisation dominated by the Tutsi minority , and has continued to provide cover for a government that has grown increasingly authoritarian , locking up and even assassinating opponents , and that has much blood on its hands in Congo .
The weight of circumstantial evidence suggests that the Hutu extremists , and not Kagame , killed Habyarimana .
But some say the RPF still faces a moral indictment over the genocide .
Sam Kanyemera , the former colonel indicted by Bruguière , says it is true that , given the long history of massacres - 1959 , 1964 , 1973 - the RPF knew that the invasion would put the lives of ordinary Tutsis at risk .
But he says it could never have predicted the genocide .
" We knew some people would by killed like goats , but that 's why we were fighting , to stop that " .
Obama policy a lift for stem cell researchers President - elect has indicated he 'll remove Bush 's restrictions on federal funding
Dr Arnold Kriegstein director of the UCSF Institute for Regeneration Medicine at the construction site of the new building that will be part of UCSF�s Parnassus campus . on Friday Nov 21 2008 in San Francisco , Calif less Dr Arnold Kriegstein director of the UCSF Institute for Regeneration Medicine at the construction site of the new building that will be part of UCSF�s Parnassus campus . on Friday Nov 21 2008 in San ... more Photo : Kurt Rogers , The Chronicle Photo : Kurt Rogers , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Obama policy a lift for stem cell researchers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Stem cell research advocates have waited nearly eight years for the policy change President - elect Barack Obama has signaled he 'll make in the early days of his administration : lifting the restrictions imposed by President Bush on federal funding for research on human embryonic stem cells .
Those limits , and earlier laws , have left stem cell labs hungering for support since the versatile human stem cells were first derived in 1998 .
Such cells , often taken from extra embryos created by in vitro fertilization clinics , can morph into the specialized cells found in skin , nerves and many other tissues .
Bush shared the moral objections of some religious groups and political conservatives to research on human embryos .
However , the prospect of a powerful new cell replacement technology that could some day cure injury and disease has now shifted many Republicans as well as Democrats toward support for federal funding of the work .
But Obama , even if he changes the policy , may still be powerless to send much more money to stem cell researchers anytime soon because he will be taking office amid a historic global financial crisis .
The U.S. government already will have committed a stunning $ 8 trillion to rescue the financial system .
Still , biotechnology groups are hoping Obama can increase government research funding from the National Institutes of Health as part of his mammoth stimulus plan for the economy .
In another big obstacle to stem cell work , the economic crisis has strangled the flow of private investment to high - risk biotech startups such as stem cell companies .
Research costs likely to drop
In spite of all that , many in the stem cell field have a buoyant air these days .
For one thing , the reversal of the Bush policy may quickly lower the cost of research .
Dr. Arnold Kriegstein , director of the Institute for Regeneration Medicine at UCSF , is watching a new building rise where his institute will expand its stem cell studies .
Under the Bush policy , researchers had to painstakingly separate their NIH - funded projects from human embryonic stem cell work funded by other sources .
If Obama removes the NIH limits , work in the new UCSF building will be much cheaper because scientists will no longer have to create duplicate labs and buy extra sets of equipment .
The same labs and tools will be available for use on adult stem cells , the partially mature cells that replenish organs , and the more versatile embryonic stem cells that are seen as the standard for understanding the entire field of cell therapy .
" Labs all over the country could start using these cells side by side , " Kriegstein said .
" A lot of resources were spent complying with the restrictions as they exist . "
Prop. 71 funding
In fact , the new UCSF building might not have existed if not for the Bush restrictions .
It 's one of 12 new facilities financed in part by California 's $ 3 billion stem cell funding agency , established by a 2004 voter initiative , Proposition 71 , which was designed to thwart the Bush limits on embryonic stem cell funding .
In addition to financing separate buildings where the work could take place , the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine has awarded 229 research grants of more than $ 614 million since it began operating in 2005 .
That taxpayer - supported institute has made California one of the world leaders in stem cell research funding , and inspired other states to set up their own programs .
The NIH , by comparison , devoted $ 655 million of its $ 20.3 billion in research grants in 2008 to stem cell projects .
They encompassed adult cells , embryonic stem cells from animals and other cell categories .
Of that $ 655 million , $ 42 million was given for work on human embryonic stem cell lines that had been created before Bush set up federal funding restrictions in August 2001 .
Now that a federal policy shift seems imminent , however , watchdog groups are questioning whether California taxpayers should be laying out millions of dollars for stem cell research every year while the state 's budget deficit - as much as $ 28 billion over the next two years - is forcing painful spending cutbacks .
" The original argument for Proposition 71 - that the state should fund research that the federal government would not - is fading , " said Jesse Reynolds of the nonprofit Center for Genetics and Society in Oakland in written testimony to the Little Hoover Commission .
The commission is reviewing the stem cell funding agency 's governance structure at the request of members of the Legislature .
Institute 's budget questioned
Reynolds said the stem cell institute 's budget should be subject to the same annual review process undergone by other state agencies .
But Prop. 71 insulated the institute from full state control and accountability , he said .
" The large , untouchable set - aside for stem cell research is out of place during these difficult fiscal times , " Reynolds wrote to the commission .
State Treasurer Bill Lockyer , however , has discretion over the issuance of the general obligation bonds that provide revenue for the stem cell institute , said Lockyer spokesman Tom Dresslar .
For the time being , state bond issues in general have been suspended because of the upheaval in the financial system .
The stem cell institute has enough money to meet its grant commitments through July and to fund its operations until the end of 2009 , said Don Gibbons , a spokesman for the agency .
But some uncertainty surrounds grant outlays during the second half of 2009 , he said .
Dr. Alan Trounson , the president of the California institute , said the state 's support of stem cell research is money well spent .
It has positioned the state to capture a major share of the NIH grants awarded under the new rules expected from the Obama administration .
" The top - line scientists will be congregated in California , " he said .
" They 'll receive the bulk of the grants . "
In the meantime , some business observers say the stem cell field is poised to charge ahead once the economic gloom clears .
Rapid advances in stem cell technology from many nations are sparking interest among business sectors , such as big pharmaceutical companies and venture capital firms , whose past support of the field has been spotty .
Greg Bonfiglio of Proteus Venture Partners in Palo Alto said he expects to close the first phase of a $ 300 million fund dedicated to regenerative medicine in January .
" The technology has advanced at an unprecedented rate , " he said .
" There are new breakthroughs all the time . "
Skin cells to stem cells
Among the outstanding achievements was the discovery by two scientific teams in 2007 that they could convert human skin cells into stem cells .
These " induced pluripotent cells " created another possible avenue for making replacement tissues to treat illness or injury .
Pfizer , the world 's largest drug company , announced Nov. 14 that it has established an in - house regenerative medicine unit to explore the use of stem cell therapies and medicines that can stimulate stem cells in the body .
Corey Goodman , the president of Pfizer 's year - old Biotherapeutics and Bioinnovation Center , said he helped persuade the big drugmaker to revise its stem cell policy , which had been similar to the Bush guidelines .
Goodman , who will help supervise Pfizer 's new stem cell unit , said it 's not clear yet which types of stem cells are most likely to succeed as therapies in people .
Probably a mixture of tactics will be needed to address different human ailments , he said .
" I suspect five to 10 years from now , in the therapeutic toolbox , we 're going to find cell - based therapies , " Goodman said .
But the Bay Area company that funded some of the earliest work on embryonic stem cells is betting that those cells will be the keys to a transformation in medicine .
Thomas Okarma , the chief executive of Geron Corp. of Menlo Park , said the company hopes to begin the first clinical trial of embryonic stem cells by next year .
The aim is to regenerate injured spinal nerves .
For Okarma , the federal policy change signaled by Obama will be perfectly timed .
" You can bet I 'll be banging on the NIH 's door for funding for our spinal cord injury trial , " he said .
The New Year will see a bill introduced to the US senate that would enshrine network neutrality into law , barring internet service providers ( ISPs ) from filtering the parts of the web their customers can access .
Senator Byron Dorgan , a North Dakota Democrat , says such a law is essential to prevent ISPs from discriminating against certain internet content in their own interest .
The net neutrality fight pits ISPs like AT&T and Verizon against content companies like Google and Apple .
ISPs say they need freedom to manage the ever - growing traffic on their networks without government interference .
But content companies say that ISPs hold too power much to block or slow down traffic as they wish .
For example , by slowing down bandwidth - hogging movie downloads , or preventing users accessing certain content for commercial reasons .
Advertisement
Presidential push
President - elect Barack Obama promised legislation on net neutrality during his campaign .
The big Democrat election win adds momentum to the cause , says a Dorgan advisor .
Dorgan has been influential on the issue to date , and will be among the highest ranking Democrats on the Senate ’s Commerce Committee when it reconvenes in January .
AT&T says that the US communications regulator , the Federal Communications Commission , already has enough power .
“ The current principles already deal with unreasonable discrimination , ” says Jim Cicconi , AT&T executive vice president for regulatory affairs .
Protecting consumers
He points out that fellow ISP Comcast was recently ordered by the FCC to stop “ throttling ” file - sharing traffic between users on its network .
The public would not pay for its internet services if AT&T discriminated against content , he added .
“ We ’d be shooting ourselves in the foot . ”
But supporters of net - neutrality legislation say that consumers need full legal protection .
Such legislation will become more likely if Comcast successfully sues the FCC over the recent decision , experts say .
“ The telephone and cable companies say trust them , ” said Markham Erickson , director of the Open Internet Coalition , a trade group that lobbies for net neutrality , with members including companies like Google and eBay .
“ We will trust but verify . ”
As part of Fujitsu´s Laptop4 Life scheme , customers will receive a new laptop every three years until they die .
Image credit : Fujitsu .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Buy any LifeBook laptop from Fujitsu Siemens , and the company will provide you with a new laptop every three years until you die .
The only requirements are that you need to buy a three - year extended warranty , you can only upgrade using Fujitsu parts , and you must turn in your laptop in good condition with the original receipt after three years .
As part of the scheme , Fujitsu will give LifeBook customers a new laptop of the same value as the one they originally bought , plus 10 % to cover inflation .
Most importantly , the new laptop will be equipped with updated hardware and software .
To participate , customers must register their new laptop within 21 days of purchase .
Then , customers are part of the program for life , but they cannot pass on the deal in a will .
Fujitsu is also limiting purchases to 10 laptops per person or business .
Although it seems like the company is giving away laptops , Fujitsu says that it will make money by selling other goods , services , and accessories to its lifetime customers .
For instance , customers may want to invest in a Fujitsu insurance pack to protect their laptop against theft and accidental damage .
Fujitsu says that the Laptop4 Life program underscores its high level of confidence in its technology .
More information : Fujitsu Siemens
via : ITPro and Oh Gizmo !
Explore further Vendors Roll Out New Centrino Notebooks
It may be necessary , but remember that NDP / Liberal coalitions are like abusive marriages
NDP / Liberal co-operation tends to be like an abusive marriage and the NDP is almost always on the receiving end .
Every time any party gets into bed with the Liberals , they end up dirty , used and are quickly discarded by the Canadian public .
• In 1925 , the Liberals of Mackenzie King held on to power by relying on the Progressive Party ‘s support .
The public rewarded the Progressives for this by decimating them in the 1926 election ( a blow from which that party would never recover ) .
• In 1963 and 1965 , the NDP propped up the Liberal minority governments of Lester Bowles Pearson and forced the Liberals ( originally against their will ) to introduce universal health care and the Canadian Pension Plan .
The Canadian public rewards the Liberals with a majority government in 1968 , giving them all the credit for the policies the Liberals did n’t want to enact in the first place and rewards the NDP with … nothing .
• In 1972 , after supporting the Liberal minority government of Trudeau , the NDP is rewarded by the Canadian electorate in the 1974 election through the joy of witnessing their number of seats slashed in half .
This is not to say that the NDP should n’t enter into a temporary coalition with the Liberals .
On the contrary , a temporary , emergency coalition seems to be the best course of action given the Tories ’ plans for one - party rule .
I say this despite the fact that I am regularly critical of the NDP for their propensity to betray workers and the socialist principles of Tommy Douglas every time they get into power provincially just as I am known for criticizing the Liberals for betraying … well … just about everybody .
The threat of one - party Tory rule is simply too great to be ignored .
Thus , my advice to New Democrat comrades :
If you want to survive through the next election , tread carefully and do n’t make this coalition last too long .
Despite the strong misgivings about the NDP ’s rightward shift over the past 40 years , it would be a tragedy to the progressive movement if we were to loose the NDP ’s albeit tacit and weak - willed voice in Parliament .
See also :
His Gran Torino character is Walt Kowalski , a racist Korean
War veteran whose prized possession is a classic car that catches the eye of local gangs in his Detroit neighborhood .
One of the troubled kids who covets the vehicle is from a family of Hmong immigrant neighbors , whom Kowalski has long resented .
The story comes down to two objects … his 1972 Ford muscle car and his M - 1 rifle . …
He worked on the line in the Ford plant and retired and had this one car he bought himself .
It ’s sort of a symbol of his days with the Ford plant .
The M - 1 is sort of a symbol of his days in the military .
…
He ’s clinging to the memory of the war . …
The young kid , as part of a gang initiation , tries to steal it , and the old guy gets him at the end of the M - 1 , which becomes kind of a big deal …
The kid has to do penance because of the pride of the Asian group .
They make him do penance .
He has to come over , and the old guy does n’t want anything to do with him , does n’t want him anywhere around . …
The fastest way to rid himself of the boy , Kowalski decides , is to cooperate .
The last ‘s appearances on - screen was four years ago as the boxing manager in “ , ” which earned him annomination for best actor .
He ’s back again in “ ” in which stars as Walt Kowalski – a racist Korean War veteran .
Eastwood is producing , directing and even composing music for movies at an age when other filmmakers would be retired .
At 78 , Eastwood can still look furious as this new teaser poster shows .
“ Well , I ’m older now .
It ’s easier to look angrier when you ’re an old guy , ” he tells USA Today with a laugh .
“ It ’s got a lot of twists and turns in the story , ” indicating some darker moments .
“ It also has some good laughs . ”
The first trailer for “ Gran Torino ” can be seen this weekend before Eastwood ’s “ , ” while “ Gran Torino ” opens on December 17th , 2008 .
MTI Micro Unveils Portable Fuel Cell Charger
December 13th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
If you ’ve been itching for a portable methanol fuel cell charger , MTI MicroFuel Cells has you covered .
The company ’s prototype Mobion charger comes with a USB interface and provides up to 25 hours of power with each removable cartridge .
A single cartridge can charge the average cell phone over 10 times , play 10,000 songs , or take over 6000 pictures .
The device is made with MTI ’s Mobion Chip , which is based on 100 % methanol fuel and can run in a range of temperature from 0 °C to 40° C at any humidity level .
Do n’t worry about carrying around a flammable substance ( methanol ) , either — MTI says it is n’t dangerous packaged in a sealed , plastic container .
MTI Micro plans on launching a commercial product by the end of 2009 .
Photo Credit : MTI Micro
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
COUNTLESS
Americans , gay and otherwise , are still mourning  and social conservatives are still celebrating  the approval last Tuesday of anti-gay - marriage amendments in Florida , Arizona and , most heartbreaking , California , where Proposition 8 stripped same - sex couples of their right to wed .
Eighteen thousand same - sex couples were legally married in California this past summer and fall ; their marriages are now in limbo .
But while Californians march and gay activists contemplate a national boycott of Utah  the Mormon Church largely bankrolled Proposition 8  an even more ominous new law in Arkansas has drawn little notice .
That state ’s Proposed Initiative Act No. 1 , approved by nearly 57 percent of voters last week , bans people who are “ cohabitating outside a valid marriage ” from serving as foster parents or adopting children .
While the measure bans both gay and straight members of cohabitating couples as foster or adoptive parents , the Arkansas Family Council wrote it expressly to thwart “ the gay agenda . ”
Right now , there are 3,700 other children across Arkansas in state custody ; 1,000 of them are available for adoption .
The overwhelming majority of these children have been abused , neglected or abandoned by their heterosexual parents .
Even before the law passed , the state estimated that it had only about a quarter of the foster parents it needed .
Beginning on Jan. 1 , a grandmother in Arkansas cohabitating with her opposite - sex partner because marrying might reduce their pension benefits is barred from taking in her own grandchild ; a gay man living with his male partner cannot adopt his deceased sister ’s children .
Advertisements
Who says you need electricity to have a good time ?
These off the grid innovations can light up , cool down , and even serve you a hot cup of joe – all with absolutely no electricity required .
From magnetic fields to photoluminescent materials , tomorrow ’s gadgets promise to take green technology to new levels … and they ’re sure to start up some great conversations !
Instead of using electricity , this refrigerator is cooled by magnetic fields .
The Technical University of Denmark is still perfecting the magnetic fridge and expect working models to be available by 2010 .
The unit is expected to be at least 60 % more efficient than standard refrigerators .
The world ’s simplest espresso maker , the Presso uses hot water and manual pressure to make a great espresso .
The Presso is completely recyclable and made of durable materials .
The big downfall of manual espresso makers is temperature – warming the mug and heating up the machine mechanisms usually means better coffee .
The Gravia Floor Lamp was designed by Clay Moulton and won 2nd place in the 2008 Greener Gadgets Design Competition .
The LED - lit lamp depends on human energy to set in place a weight that then uses gravity to generate power , providing about 4 hours of light .
The creator claims the Gravia lamp will last up to 200 years with 8 hours of use a day !
Is it an oddly shaped flash drive ?
No , it ’s a wind - up camera !
The Twist Camera , designed by John Rothapfel , does n’t operate on batteries and never needs plugged in – simply give the end a twist and it ’s powered up and ready to snap your photos .
The built in USB plug makes it easy and convenient to transfer images to your computer and the device should be able to support 5 megapixel quality , rivaling most mobile camera phones .
Another electricity - free way to shed some light on things , the After - Lite is guaranteed to last for 8,000 hours and harvests energy from both artificial and natural lighting .
A photo luminescent material stores the light , using it to produce an almost eerie green glow that can last until the morning hours before starting the process again .
It may look like a fashion accessory , but Kinetic Energy is actually a mobile power source that can be used to recharge your phone or iPod on the go .
The band straps around your ankle and stores your kinetic energy as you move about .
A standard connector is included and a multi-adapter is available as well so you can recharge your gadgets completely off the grid .
The Dutchtub wins my vote for the most entertaining no-electricity - required gadget .
This wood burning jacuzzi is lightweight and easy to transport so its a perfect vacation companion .
Just throw in some wood and get the fire going for some good green fun .
Water temperatures usually reach about 100 degrees within 2 hours depending on the outside temperature and the type of wood used .
Optical - scan machines made by Election Systems & Software failed recent pre-election tests in a Michigan county , producing different tallies for the same ballots every time , the top election official in Oakland County revealed in a letter made public Monday .
The problems occurred during logic and accuracy tests in the run-up to this year 's general election , Oakland County Clerk Ruth Johnson disclosed in a letter submitted October 24 ( .pdf ) to the federal Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) .
The machines at issue are ES&S M - 100 optical - scan machines , which read and tally election results from paper ballots .
Johnson worried that such problems – linked tentatively to paper dust build - up in the machines – could affect the integrity of the general election this week .
" The same ballots , run through the same machines , yielded different results each time , " she wrote .
" This begs the question – on
Election Day , will the record number of ballots going through the remaining tabulators leave even more build - up on the sensors , affecting machines that tested just fine initially ?
Could this additional build - up on voting tabulators that have not had any preventative maintenance skew vote totals ?
My understanding is that the problem could occur and election workers would have no inkling that ballots are being misread . "
Tuesday 's election is expected to be the busiest ever , and ES&S tabulators – both touchscreen machines and optical - scan machines – were responsible for counting 50 percent of the votes in the last four major U.S. elections , according to the company .
The company 's optical - scan machines are now deployed in 43
states .
Johnson , who could not be reached for comment , said that " four of our communities or eight percent " had reported inconsistent vote totals during the logic and accuracy tests with the ES&S machines .
She also said that conflicting vote totals had surfaced in other areas of
Michigan as well , though she did n't elaborate on this in her letter .
" While problems with performance and design with the M - 100s have been documented , this is the first time I have ever questioned the integrity of these machines , " Johnson wrote in her letter .
According to news stories , a race in the August Republican primary in one Michigan township did have a discrepancy in tallies that were counted by hand and by ES&S optical - scan machines .
The clerks race in Plymouth Township was recounted after the losing candidate requested it .
The initial machine count had showed Joe Bridgman defeating Mary
Ann Prchlik by 1,920 to 1,770 .
But the hand count narrowed the margin to 1,885 to 1,727 .
Officials attributed the discrepancy to " smears and marks " on the ballots , which skewed the results when they were run through the machines .
In Oakland county when officials there met with ES&S to discuss the errors encountered during logic and accuracy testing , ES&S
maintained that the problem was dust and debris build - up on the sensors inside the machines .
" This has impacted the Digital to Analog Converter ( DAC ) settings for the two Contact Image Sensors ( CIS ) , " Johnson wrote the EAC .
Johnson also revealed in the letter that county officials are prohibited from performing maintenance or cleaning on the machines or they risk voiding ES&S warranties .
ES&S has not performed any preventative maintenance on the machines since they were delivered three years ago .
Johnson closed her letter by urging the Commission to investigate whether vote totals could be affected by the failure to perform regular cleaning and preventative maintenance on the machines .
She requested a
" federal directive or law " that would allow county clerks to conduct random audits to test machine accuracy using machines that have had preventative maintenance performed in the last year .
She also urged officials to develop a plan for accurately canvassing election results .
" I believe this matter , which is not a partisan issue , but an issue of integrity , needs your immediate attention and I would urge you to investigate as so much is at stake , " she wrote .
ES&S has not responded to a call for comment .
[ Update : ES&S has disputed Johnson 's claim in an e-mail sent to Threat Level .
The company said Johnson misrepresented the issue and that the problem was operator error that , once corrected , resulted in accurate vote totals . ]
The Election Assistance Commission , which quietly posted the letter to its web site today , did not send an announcement about the issue to election officials but simply included a link to the letter in a routine newsletter that it distributed by e-mail to election officials shortly before 5 pm Eastern time , less than 24 hours before voters around the country arrive to the polls .
EAC spokeswoman Jeannie Layson said the Commission received Johnson 's letter late in the afternoon on Wednesday after EAC chairwoman Rosemary
Rodriguez , to whom the letter was addressed , had left to conduct an interview with ABC 's 20 /20 program .
She said Rodriguez was out of the office Thursday and Friday and only saw the letter today when she returned .
John Gideon , co-executive director of Voters Unite , an election integrity group , said he was troubled by the Commission 's lack of urgency over the matter .
" If they have n't done anything with it then how are they fulfilling their duties as a clearinghouse and passing on information ? " he asked .
" If they did n't do something with it , as far as I 'm concerned it 's misfeasance .
They have a legal duty to warn election officials of problems . "
Gideon said it was particularly troubling , because there was likely an easy fix to the problem if the issue was related to build - up in the machines .
He pointed to a problem that occurred in 2004 in Yakima County ,
Washington , with optical - scan machines made by Hart InterCivic .
During a hand recount of the governor 's race in the general election , election officials discovered that machines had failed to count votes on 24
ballots .
An investigation later revealed that the machine had missed the votes ( . pdf ) due to " a small foreign object ( dirt or paper debris ) in the scanner . "
An e-mail sent from Hart InterCivic to officials concluded that
" periodic cleaning of scanners during periods of heavy use will reduce the risk " of losing votes and that a service representative could provide them with proper training and supplies to clean the machines .
The Election Assistance Commission was created by the Help America Vote
Act of 2002 to serve as a clearinghouse of election administration information and to oversee the federal testing and certification of voting machines , but it has yet to certify any voting system under its testing program , which was launched in early 2007 .
The Commission has often been criticized by voting activists for failing to monitor problems with voting machines and share crucial information that election officials need to have .
Layson told Threat Level in September that since the Commission did n't oversee the certification of any voting systems that are currently being used in elections , it has no official role in monitoring the equipment and will only monitor voting equipment problems that occur with systems that become certified under its program .
Pamela Smith , president of Verified Voting , said the important thing with regard to the ES&S scanners is that voters get assurance that their votes will be counted accurately .
" When significant problems such as this one are discovered by diligent officials like the one who reported this case , remedies must be developed , " she wrote Threat Level in an e-mail .
" At the very least , the EAC could proactively alert other jurisdictions using this type of voting system that it may be an issue .
That way , states that are willing to conduct post- election audits could do so , and check their vote counts . "
See also :
Underscoring the gravity of the situation , President Bush convened an early morning meeting at the White House on Saturday with finance ministers from the Group of 7 industrialized countries .
“ All of us recognize that this is a serious global crisis , and therefore requires a serious global response , for the good of our people , ” Mr. Bush said afterward in the Rose Garden , flanked by the ministers , who are in Washington for the annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
Mr. Bush said the countries had agreed to general principles to respond to the crisis , including working to prevent the collapse of important financial institutions and protecting the deposits of savers .
But he offered no details on other measures , suggesting that there were still differences among countries about which steps to take to shore up their respective financial systems .
To some extent , the effort to agree on a coordinated plan is being driven less by the hope that such measures will carry more punch than by the fear that nations acting alone could destabilize the system .
Those worries grew in recent days when Iceland seized its three major banks , which were failing , and appeared to guarantee the deposits of Icelanders over those of foreigners .
That provoked a fierce reaction from Britain , which is now in talks with Iceland to get back the deposits of British citizens .
With the United States and Europe working together on ways to secure their banking systems , economists are concerned that money may flow out of other countries , particularly emerging markets , to Western countries if investors decide that those markets are not as safe .
The United States sought to reassure these countries in a meeting on Saturday evening of the Group of 20 , which includes countries with large emerging markets , like China and Russia .
Donald Trump and the Republicans in Congress are trying to take away America ’s health care by repealing the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , slashing Medicaid , and privatizing Medicare .
The Republican plan would take away health care from more than 30 million Americans , increase premiums and deductibles for everyone with insurance , and put consumers at the mercy of big health insurance companies again .
WASHINGTON  Democratic leaders in Congress urged the Bush administration on Saturday to consider using the $ 700 billion bailout for the financial system to aid distressed American automakers , in a prelude to what may become urgent negotiations over additional economic stimulus measures .
In a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , the Democratic leaders said , “ A healthy automobile manufacturing sector is essential to the restoration of financial market stability , the overall health of our economy and the livelihood of the automobile sector ’s workforce . ”
The letter was signed by the House speaker , Nancy Pelosi of California , and the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada .
But the Democratic leaders also urged Mr. Paulson to include strong taxpayer protections as a condition of any aid to the automakers , mindful of public frustration over the repeated efforts by the government to aid large financial institutions and other corporations while average citizens struggle in the economic downturn .
On Friday , General Motors said that it had been burning through cash at a pace of more than $ 2 billion a month and that it could run short of money by mid-2009 without federal help .
熱中症とは、41度以上の体温上昇や脱水により体を構成する細胞がダメージを受けて臓器障害が起きる全身性疾患のことです。犬も人間と同じように、気温・室温・体温が高温状態になると熱中症を発症する可能性が出てきます。
犬は体に汗腺が存在しておらず人間のように汗をかいて体温を下げるということができないため、呼吸を早くして体内の温度を下げようとします。しかしこの方法による体温低下度については、炎天下で小型のうちわを仰ぐレベルの効果しか期待できないと言われています。
つまり、飼い主が管理しないと犬だけでは暑さをやり過ごすことはできません。飼い主が暑さ対策をすることでしか予防できないため、犬の熱中症は飼い主の責任と言われています。ならないように対策を図り、もしなってしまった時にはすぐ応急処置ができるよう知識を身に付けておく必要があります。
熱中症の症状には3段階あり、最も軽度な症状は呼吸は荒いがぐったりはしていない状態です。暑い中で呼吸が速くなるのも熱中症の症状ですので安易に捉えず、日陰に移動・水を飲ませる・落ち着くまで休ませることを行ってください。
段 階2になると、明らかに元気がなくなります。日陰や涼しい場所に移動し、水を浸したタオルで全身を包み、脇・首、内股を保冷剤などで冷やすといった応急処置を施します。室内で熱中症が起きてぐったりしている時は、日陰に移動するのではなく部屋の冷房を効かせてください。
段 階3になっている場合は、チアノーゼ（舌や歯茎が青色になる症状）が見られます。命に変わる状態ですので、体を冷やす応急処置をしながら病院に駆け込んでください。また、いずれの段階でも症状が緩和しない・ぐったりしている・嘔吐や下痢がある・尿色がオレンジの場合は重篤な状態が懸念されるため、病院で診てもらいましょう。
応急処置の際に気を付けたいことは、冷やし過ぎないことです。冷やし過ぎると末端神経の収縮や体温保持機能が起き、それらは冷却効果の妨げになります。犬の体を水に浸けたり、被毛が濡れるほど水をかけたりするのは逆効果になり得るため、水を浸したタオルで包んで保冷剤で適度に冷やすことを心がけてください。
予防としては、第一に暑さ対策をすることです。夏場は日中気温がとても高いため、散歩をする時間帯は朝方・夕暮れ・夜にしましょう。どうしても日中にしか散歩する時間がないという場合には、犬に薄いシャツのような服を着せる・できるだけ日陰を選ぶ・水入りの霧吹きを時折かける・水分補給をさせるなどしてください。
また、室内でも熱中症になります。夏場は冷房を24時間稼働させ、広さに合わせた温度設定をすることが無難です。車内も大変危険で5分でも命にかかわることがあるため、冷房もかけず置き去りにしないでください。ドライヤーの熱や冬場の暖房でも犬を含む動物類は熱中症になることがありますが、見落とされがちなので気を付けましょう。
One thing that disturbs me to no end is the way despotic Communist serial killers like Ernesto “ Che ” Guevara and Mao Zedong are iconic figures in American pop culture .
When I see someone wearing Che ’s ugly mug on his / her chest , I want to ask him / her : “ Do you really have any idea who this man was or what he did ? ” I suspect that if I were to ask , I ’d get a blank stare .
This short video below from reason.tv features interviews with two individuals who lived under the thumbs of Che and Mao .
Neither are what you would call fans of these pop culture icons .
The always androgynous , sexually ambiguous Prince has come out with his anti-gay sentiments .
In an interview with a Christian businessman he made an inference to the biblical cities " Sodom & Gomorrah " indicating that God wiped out those cities due to widespread homosexuality .
" He pointed to a Bible .
But there ’s the problem of interpretation , and you ’ve got some churches , some people , basically doing things and saying it comes from here , but it does n’t .
And then on the opposite end of the spectrum you ’ve got blue , you ’ve got the Democrats , and they ’re , like , ‘ You can do whatever you want . ’
Gay marriage , whatever .
But neither of them is right . ”
When asked about his perspective on social issues — gay marriage , abortion — Prince tapped his Bible and said , “ God came to earth and saw people sticking it wherever and doing it with whatever , and he just cleared it all out .
He was , like , ‘ Enough . " ( JMG )
Prince may be androgynous and helps breaking down label barriers , but he is far from royal when it comes to issues of diversity , boycott Prince !
BZ is a potent anticholinergic deliriant or incapacitant .
Small amounts (< 1 mg ) cause long - lasting effects that closely resemble those of its tropane alkaloid cousins atropine and scopolamine , the active agents in datura and belladonna .
This includes highly idiosyncratic effects such as the impulse to take off one 's clothes or to smoke phantom cigarettes .
An incapacitating dose is 7 - 8 ug / kg ( approx . 500 ug ) .
The onset is slow , lasting roughly 3 - 4 hours , during which time the ingester may alternate between fatigue and restlessness , with growing disorientation .
By the fourth hour , people may enter a stuporous slumber for several hours .
Upon awakening , they will be profoundly disoriented for another 48 hours or so during which they will typically experience extreme confusion , hallucinations , and delirium .
BZ also has a range of physiological effects , most of which are unpleasant .
These include extreme dilation of the pupil and difficulty focusing vision , which may exacerbate disorientation and hallucination .
BZ also impedes heat dispersal , leading to a danger of over - heating , even in normal temperature conditions .
For a thorough and detailed description of BZ 's effects , see James Ketchum 's Related Resources
Pointless Haskell
Introduction
Personal .
Alcino Cunha .
Point - free Programming with Hylomorphisms .
To be submitted .
Pointless Haskell is library for point - free programming with recursion patterns defined as hylomorphisms .
It is part of the UMinho Haskell Libraries that are being developed in the Research .
PURe project .
The core of the library is described in the following paper .
Personal .
Alcino Cunha .
Automatic Visualization of Recursion Trees : a Case Study on Generic Programming .
In volume 86.3 of ENTCS : Selected papers of the 12th International Workshop on Functional and ( Constraint ) Logic Programming .
2003 .
It also allows the visualization of the intermediate data structure of the hylomorphisms with GHood .
This feature toghether with the DrHylo tool allows us to easily visualize recursion trees of Haskell functions .
We first implemented this ideas using Generic Haskell , as presented in WFLP '03 .
We now take a different approach to genericity based on PolyP
Download
The latest snapshot of the UMinho Haskell Libraries can be downloaded here .
The modules that comprise Pointless Haskell are the following .
Module Description Pointless .
Combinators
Point - free programming combinators .
Pointless .
Combinators .
Uncurried Point - free definitions of uncurried versions of the basic combinators .
Pointless .
Isomorphisms Auxiliary isomorphism definitions .
Pointless .
Functors Definition of functors , generic maps , and sum - of - products representation .
Pointless .
RecursionPatterns Definition of the typical recursion as hylomorphisms .
Pointless .
Observe .
Functors Definition of generic observations .
Pointless .
Observe.RecursionPatterns
Recursion patterns with observation of intermediate data structures .
Pointless .
Examples .
Examples
Lots of examples .
Debug .
Observe Slightly modified GHood library .
Usage
For the moment there is no documentation , but by reading the papers and looking at examples you should be able to learn it by yourself .
It was only tested on GHC .
I think that it should be easy to use it under Hugs .
Please send feedback to alcino@di.uminho.pt
Barack Obama ushered in a revolution in America 's response to global warming yesterday when he appointed one of the world 's leading climate change experts as his administration 's chief scientist .
The president - elect 's decision to make Harvard physicist John Holdren director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy reveals a new determination to draw a line under eight years of US policy that have seen George Bush steadfastly reject overwhelming evidence of climate change .
News of the appointment was hailed by scientists around the world , including former UK chief government scientific adviser Sir David King .
" This is a superb appointment , " he told the Observer .
" Holdren is a top - rate scientist and his position on climate change is as clear as you could get .
This is a signal from Barack Obama that he means business when it comes to dealing with global warming . "
Obama also used his weekend radio address to announce that respected climatologist Jane Lubchenco is to head the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
The appointments follow Obama 's selection of Steven Chu , a Nobel prizewinner , to the Department of Energy , where he has been directed to lead the development of alternative energy sources .
" Today , more than ever before , science holds the key to our survival as a planet and our security and prosperity as a nation , " Obama announced .
" It 's time we once again put science at the top of our agenda and ... worked to restore America 's place as the world leader in science and technology . "
In one telling remark , he added that respect for the scientific process was not " just about providing investment and resources .
It 's about ensuring that facts and evidence are never twisted nor obscured by politics nor ideology . "
Obama 's appointments are outspoken proponents of the need for urgent action over climate change , and they come after eight years of inaction , during which the Bush administration resisted international emission - reduction accords and the introduction of US laws to protect threatened species .
Holdren , whose expertise runs from nuclear - weapons proliferation to global warming , recently warned in a speech at Harvard that he considered " global warming " to be a misnomer .
" It implies something gradual , something uniform , something quite possibly benign , and what we 're experiencing is none of those .
There is already widespread harm ... occurring from climate change .
This is not just a problem for our children and our grandchildren . "
As he pointed out , new figures point to a rapid acceleration in the loss of Arctic sea ice , as well as dramatic acidification of the ocean .
With the international community looking to America for leadership , Obama has made it clear that , despite the global economic crisis , the success of his presidency will hinge on a revolution in America 's use and production of carbon - based energy .
The selection of marine expert Lubchenco underscores that .
She has warned that even if the world abruptly shifts away from fossil fuels , the oceans will continue to soak up carbon dioxide and become more acidic .
She recommends protecting marine life by reducing overfishing , cutting back on nutrient run-off and creating marine reserves to protect marine eco-systems .
" The Bush administration has not been respectful of the science , " she said earlier this year .
" I am very much looking forward to a new administration that does respect scientific information and considers it very seriously in making environmental policies . "
In another signal of his determination to move on the environment , Obama appointed Carol M Browner as his climate tsar last week .
She was quoted as saying : " Time and time again , when the nation has set a new environmental standard , the naysayers have warned it will cost too much .
But , once we have set those standards , American ingenuity and innovation have found a solution at a far lower cost than predicted . "
For Obama , the creation of this green team is part of a broader push toward economic and environmental self - enlightenment .
He has expressed hope that engaging technology with environmental and energy policy will lead to significant job creation .
There are two ways of looking at the Winter Solstice on Sunday 21 December .
It 's either the shortest day of the year , which is a bit depressing .
Or it 's the longest night which , if you 've discovered the joys of stargazing , is a good excuse for a party .
This Sunday , sky watchers will have even more reason to rejoice
because next year is the International Year of Astronomy .
In Britain , we 're celebrating with events up and down the country – and Scotland will really be getting into the spirit of things by rolling out its first Dark Sky Discovery Sites – rural areas where big starry skies are guaranteed on clear nights .
Furthermore , as part of their Campaign for Dark Skies , the British Astronomical Association has produced a map of Britain showing the best locales for stargazing based on an absence of light pollution and the likelihood of getting a cloudless night .
With Venus shining brightly and the comet Lulin fizzing around the heavens , there can scarcely have been a better time to look up .
Here are five star events for the diary , and below , five locations that are consistently good for a gaze
Five star events
1. Royal Observatory , Edinburgh
Every Friday you can check out the night skies through one of Scotland 's largest telescopes .
If the weather intervenes , the Royal Observatory has some meteorites to pass around so you can get your hands on something that has really come from a galaxy far , far away .
Where : Blackford Hill , Fridays 7 pm ( booking essential ) ; adult £ 4 , child £ 3 , family £ 10.50 ; +44 ( 0)131 6688404 ; roe.ac.uk .
Stay at : The Glasshouse – with what is claimed to be the only rooftop garden in the city , it 's the ultimate urban astronomer 's hotel ; doubles from £ 110 a night ; +44 ( 0)131 5258200
2. The Botanic Gardens , Glasgow
No less an expert than the Astronomer Royal for Scotland will be on hand to answer your questions at Glasgow 's Botanic Gardens .
Professor John Brown and members of the Astronomical Society of Glasgow will be setting up their telescopes and promising punters a view of both faraway stars and a close - up of Moon craters ( so look out for footprints ) .
If the clouds stop play , there 's a full back - up programme introducing beginners to the delights of watching the skies .
Where : 730 Great Western Road .
Main gate at 7.15 pm on 6 January , 3 February & 3 March ; adult £ 4 , child £ 2 ( booking essential ) ; + 44(0) 141 276 1614 ; astronomy2009.co.uk
Stay at : Victorian House – part of a fine high terrace not far from the Botanic Gardens ; doubles from £ 40 a night ; +44 ( 0)141 332 0129
3. Royal Observatory , Greenwich , London
Teenage sky watchers should head for the Royal Observatory 's one - off special " Out of this World " .
They can try their hands at being an astronomer , guiding a space mission and discovering what life beyond our planet is really like .
And if that was n't enough , there 's a journey through time and space in what is now London 's only planetarium .
Where : Blackheath Avenue , Greenwich .
Saturday
10 January 5.30 pm-7.30 pm ; £ 3.50 ; +44 ( 0)20 8312 6608 , nmm.ac.uk
Stay at : Number 16 – a taste of old Greenwich a short amble down the hill from the observatory ; doubles from £ 75 a night ; +44 ( 0)20 8853 4337
4. Solar Viewing , Cwmbran , Gwent
Not a night owl ?
Perhaps the sun would suit you better .
While it 's normally very dangerous to peer at our nearest star , the good folk from the Cardiff Astronomical Society will be taking their specialist telescopes to the Cwmbran Stadium so that you can .
The BBC Wales Roadshow will be there too if you can handle that much fun .
Where : Henllys Way , Cwmbran , Sunday 8 March 10 am to 4.30 pm ; free ; +44 ( 0 ) 1633 627101 ; cardiff-astronomical -society.co.uk .
Stay at : Clearvewe , Llangwm , a B&B on top of a Monmouthshire hill with , as the name suggests , a cracking vista ; doubles from £ 70 a night ; +44 ( 0)1291 671515
5. Night of the Thousand Telescopes , Malvern Hills
Got a telescope but not sure quite where to point it ?
Take it ( or some binoculars ) along to the Three Counties Showground in Malvern and get a free tutorial while helping to break a Guinness World Record ( for the
largest astronomy lesson ever ) .
Where : Saturday 17 January 1.30 pm to 11.30 pm ( in
the event of bad weather , the event will roll over to 24 January ( or 31 January if 24 Jan is cloudy too ) ; £ 5 car entry fee ; pre-registration obligatory , starlearner.com .
Stay at : Kingfisher Barn , Hanley Swan , set in four acres of your own private dark sky park beneath the Malvern Hills ; doubles from £ 75 a night ; +44 ( 0)1684 311922
Five superstar places to visit anytime
6 . In Scotland
The sparsely inhabited Highlands of Scotland win full marks for their lack of light pollution but can disappoint due to their penchant for cloud cover .
The answer is to strike even further north – the Orkney Isles are astronomers ' heaven .
Stay at : Spinning Cottage on Hoy , an island very meagrely populated , even by Orcadian standards ; one week from £ 350 ( sleeps 4 ) ; +44(0) 1856 791352 .
Ferries : Scrabster to Orkney Mainland North Link Ferries , 0845 6000449 ; Orkney Mailand to Hoy Orkney Ferries , +44 ( 0)1856 872044
7. In Wales
Much of mid and north Wales is prime dark sky territory but the undoubted stars of the show are the south - western tip of Anglesey and Strumble Head near Fishguard .
Stay at : Auckland Arms Hotel – on the Menai Strait and a stone 's throw from the darkness ; doubles from £ 46.50 a night ; +44 ( 0)1248 712545 .
Or Ffynnonston near Fishguard – a stone - built 18th - century hayloft ( sleeps two ) ; from £ 200 a week ; +44 ( 0)1348 873004
8 . In the east of England
Those living in the Midlands or the south - east of England , whose 10 trillion street lights turn the sky a palsied orange , should head to Norfolk ( away from the bright lights of Norwich ) or Lincolnshire for their nearest fix of celestial action .
Stay at : Grange Farm in Maltby le Marsh ; a somnolent village on the edge of the Wolds ; doubles from £ 44 a night ; +44 ( 0)1507 450267
9 . In the south - west of England
One of the best regions of the country for viewing the cosmos – Somerset , Devon and Cornwall ( particularly the Lizard peninsula ) all deliver excellent night time shows , as do Dorset 's Purbeck Hills .
Stay at : Trethvas Farmhouse – a 300 - acre coastal farm just outside the village of Lizard ; doubles from £ 46 a night ; +44 1326 290720 .
Or The Bankes Arms Hotel , Studland , Dorset – a 16th - century inn and microbrewery with large gardens and views over the sea ; doubles from £ 60 a night ; +44 ( 0)1929 480206
10 .
In the north of England
Slim pickings here but for a strip up the Pennines and a section at the Scottish border .
The top star - gazing spot , however , can be found at the south - east corner of the North Yorkshire Moors .
Stay at : Warrington House , a former coaching inn in the eye - easing moors village of Thornton - le - Dale ; doubles from £ 55 a night ; +44 ( 0)1751 475028 .
Or
The Deer Hut at the lonely head of Northumberland 's Coquet Valley ; £ 60 a night ( sleeps four - six ) ; +44 ( 0)1669 621176
Introduction
In this article , we ’re focusing on a really cool niche design trend that has been gaining steam in recent years – the earth sheltered home .
What basically appears as an underground house , this cool new design trend might be everything you want in sustainable architecture .
But for as cool as this structure looks , people generally have one question , why ?
What are the benefits of this underground home ?
Why is earth sheltering worthwhile ?
It looks cool , but is there any real benefit ?
This article is here to answer these questions and more .
We will start by outlining the process of building an earth sheltered structure , and then will look at a real world example of earth shelterhome design .
Finally , we will give you some pros & cons of this type of building , in case you are interested in trying it yourself .
Let ’s start by outlining exactly what earth sheltered building is :
What is an Earth Sheltered House ?
An earth sheltered house is essentially what it sounds like .
Also known as an earth house or underground house , an earth sheltered house is a house that is “ sheltered ” on many sides by earth .
This means that the natural earth makes up the walls and roof of the home , or the entire house is dug underground .
This is often attainable by digging into the side of a hill , but there are more complicated variants that exist .
So whether you build into the side of a hill , dig an underground structure , or simply cover a structure with living earth and soil , there are many ways to attain the earth sheltered house .
These houses are typically constructed for their sustainability .
It is an all - natural way of living , and allows you to live without disturbing nature .
Additionally , as we will explore next , these homes are quite simple and affordable .
Of course , you can get as fancy as you want with them , but at their roots they are quite simple .
Let ’s look at a couple who achieved an earth sheltered house for only around $ 5000 :
Real Life Story
Cash , that most basic element of our economy , can be in abysmally short supply for new young families scraping by on marginal jobs .
Sustainable housebuilding may not be foremost in their minds .
But one young couple in Wales managing on an annual income of just $ 10,000 went ahead and built their own cheap home anyway , sustainably , mostly out of materials from “ a rubbish pile somewhere . ”
They had wanted to spend as much time as possible at home while their two children were young .
Their nearby woodlands ecological management work would have been impractical if they were paying a mortgage .
So they enlisted some help from family , and sometimes just from people passing by , and from any of their friends who stopped by to visit :
The result was their very low impact homemade house .
A hand built unique setting for a charmed life for their two young toddlers .
I ’ll bet they ’ll remember this first home for the rest of their lives .
Four months of hard work and they were all 4 moved in and cozy .
Total expenditure ?
$ 5,000 .
Tools ?
A chisel , a chainsaw and a hammer .
Building expertise ?
Simon Dale says :
“ My experience is only having a go at one similar house 2yrs before and a bit of mucking around in - between .
This kind of building is accessible to anyone .
My main relevant skills were being able bodied , having self belief and perseverance and a mate or two to give a lift now and again . ”
Design Tips
Sustainable design and construction :
Dug into hillside for low visual impact and shelter Stone and mud from diggings used for retaining walls , foundations etc .
Frame constructed of fallen trees from surrounding woodland Reciprocal roof rafters are structurally very easy to do Straw bales in floor , walls and roof for super - insulation and easy building Plastic sheet and mud / turf roof for low impact and ease Lime plaster on walls is breathable and low energy to manufacture compared to cement Reclaimed ( scrap ) wood for floors and fittings
Other items were reclaimed from “ a rubbish pile somewhere ” : windows , wiring , plumbing
( Maybe there should be a new LEED rating just for building so inexpensively : Sustainable Financing .
This is one mortgage bill that ’s not going to be haunting their mum and dad for years . )
Inside there ’s a wood - burner for heating – waste wood in the old - growth forest is locally plentiful .
To get the most of the heat , the flue goes through a big stone / plaster lump to retain and slowly releases the warmth .
There are just a couple of solar panels – just enough for for lighting , music and computing .
It ’s a simple life .
A skylight in the roof lets in enough natural feeling light , and water is fed by gravity downhill from a nearby spring .
There ’s a compost toilet .
Roof water collects in a pond for gardening .
Says Simon : “ Our house is unusual but the aesthetic appeals to lots of people and perhaps touches something innate in us that evolved in forests . ”
Want to try making one too ?
Simon will show you how or check out other homes for more ideas and inspiration like this post on building a cob house .
Pros & Cons of Earth Sheltered Houses
Before we wrap up , you might be wondering one thing , is this home right for me ?
Could I see myself living in one of these ?
To make your decision easier , we ’re going to look at some pros and cons of building an earth sheltered house .
Of course , we covered above the potential cost savings due to the simple architecture that is involved .
Another bonus in terms of cost savings is that of insulation .
The surrounding earth and earth roof will act to prevent heat loss , providing a natural form of insulation to your home .
Of course , depending on your climate , you might still require regular insulation , but the earth might do a lot of the job for you .
And of course , these homes are quite sustainable .
They are able to be built while minimally impacting the surrounding nature and wildlife , as they are essentially built to fit right into the landscape .
Your house plan can allow for a living roof , and you can harvest plants right on top of your house .
And because this style of living tends to attract the environmentally conscious , often you will find earth homes with natural alternatives such as solar panels .
The next feature is a pro or a con depending on how you look at – these houses are so unique !
There is no question that this style of living will draw eyes .
No matter the style of earth sheltered home you choose , it is surely to be one of the most unique living arrangements amongst any of your friends .
Whether this uniqueness appeals to you is really your decision !
If you think the earth house is a cool idea , then that ’s all that really matters .
Finally , the major con with these homes is the issue of practicality .
They really ca n’t be built just anywhere .
You need an appropriate plot of land , and you need special building considerations to get the home completed .
It is not the most practical option , and you are really choosing this style of living because you just enjoy the unique architecture so much .
Conclusion
At the end of the day , this style of home wo n’t be for everyone , but it might just be for you .
We hope you have enjoyed our outline of the earth sheltered house .
Hopefully we have given you all the details you need to decide on whether this lifestyle might appeal to you .
Or maybe you just enjoyed seeing a cool architectural trend .
Either way , you ca n’t go wrong !
Images : www.SimonDale.net
Related stories :
Berkeley ’s Homeless Build Paleolithic Barbecue Pit
Earthsheltered Home Construction Work Exchange
Wildfire - Proof Prefab Camp Closes Up When You ’re Gone
Hard Lessons in Sustainable Living
The careers of Neal Boyle and Scott Hacker could n't be more different .
Boyle , whose education ended with high school , worked 20 years crushing rocks at the US Gypsum plant in Charlestown .
Hacker , who holds an MBA , changed firms several times as he moved up the management ranks in New England 's financial services industry .
But today they find themselves in the same place : laid off and looking for work .
And together they represent the face of the current recession , one that is overwhelmingly male .
Men are losing jobs at far greater rates than women as the industries they dominate , such as manufacturing , construction , and investment services , are hardest hit by the downturn .
Some 1.1 million fewer men are working in the United States than there were a year ago , according to the Labor Department .
By contrast , 12,000 more women are working .
This gender gap is the product of both the nature of the current recession and the long - term shift in the US economy from making goods , traditionally the province of men , to providing services , in which women play much larger roles , economists said .
For example , men account for 70 percent of workers in manufacturing , which shed more than 500,000 jobs over the past year .
Healthcare , in which nearly 80 percent of the workers are women , added more than 400,000 jobs .
" As the recession broadens , the gap between men and women is going to close somewhat , " said Andrew Sum , director of the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University .
" But right now , the sectors that are really getting pounded are intensely male . "
The divide is far starker than it was in last recession , when the technology crash battered professional and technical sectors in which women now hold more than 40 percent of jobs .
From the beginning of 2001 to the beginning of 2002 , the number of employed men declined by about 900,000 , while the population of women with jobs fell by about 700,000 .
The male - dominated construction industry held up much better then , too , as falling interest rates began to fuel the housing boom .
This time , the housing bust that sparked the recession took construction with it .
The downturn spread from the mortgage industry to the investment industry , leading to a credit crunch that undermined consumer spending and manufacturers of consumer goods , like auto makers .
Construction firms , in which 90 percent of workers are men , have cut more than 500,000 jobs , or nearly 7 percent of employment , over the past year .
Men account for more than 60 percent of employment in investment firms , which through October had cut 1 percent , or 9,000 jobs .
That figure , the most recent available , excludes thousands of recently announced layoffs within the financial industry , including large cutbacks at two Boston companies : mutual fund manager Fidelity Investments and State Street Corp. , which provides a variety of services for investment firms .
A new course is offering members of the public the chance to learn how to become a professional computer hacker - without ever leaving the house .
The lessons in so - called " ethical hacking " , which is used by internet security companies to counter computer crime , are being offered for the first time as a distance learning course by the International Correspondence School .
The 300 - hour accredited programme is operated from the company 's Glasgow offices , but teaching is conducted through the post and online .
" We are very excited , " said the ICS education services director , Julie Hepburn .
" Students can study on the move and at hours to suit themselves . "
Ethical hackers - also known as " white hats " - focus on understanding the methods used by criminals , and test computer systems for weaknesses that could leave them open to attack .
They often conduct dummy raids and penetration tests to discover the security of a client 's system .
During the £ 1,800 course , students will be taught a number of skills , including how to run denial - of - service attacks and the tricks of social engineering often used by hackers - as well as being shown how to create viruses .
However , since the skills learned during the course could easily be used for criminal gain , ICS said it is operating a strict vetting procedure .
This is to announce that The Civil War Diary of Betty Herndon Maury will be published by the journal Fredericksburg History and Biography .
The entire diary , together with annotations , will be available in early 2011 .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Blue chips Citibank Inc. and Bank of America Corp. traded Thursday at levels not seen since the mid-1990s , their shares retreating as rising unemployment , uncertainty about the government 's plans to rescue the ailing U.S. financial system and Citi 's attempt to quell talk of a possible management shakeup all weighed .
Shares of Bank of America BAC , - 1.32 % hit $ 16.05 , their lowest level since September 1995 , while Citigroup C , - 2.12 % dropped as far as $ 8.73 , the first time the stock has fallen below the $ 9 mark since May 1996 .
Cumulative losses thus stand at 60 % for Bank of America this year , while Citi 's share price has fallen nearly 70 % .
There was carnage elsewhere in the financials sector , as U.S. - listed shares UBS UBS , - 0.54 % hit an all - time low on the New York Stock Exchange , falling to $ 12.15 .
Goldman Sachs Group GS , - 1.14 % also took a fresh hit , its stock price dropping to $ 63.19 , the lowest since March 2003 .
Goldman 's stock has fallen 70 % this year , and UBS has surrendered 71.5 % .
But not every bank was in the red Thursday : Shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , - 0.84 % was up just more than 1 % at $ 35 .
J.P. Morgan 's stock is down 20 % this year .
Still , this qualifies as relative outperformance among the large banks , bettered only by Wells Fargo & Co. WFC , - 2.35 % and its year - to - date drop of 9.5 % .
Wells Fargo 's stock was little changed , at just more than $ 27 .
Citi woes
On Tuesday , Landenberg Thalmann analyst Richard Bove cut his price target for Citi and said the bank should brace for heavy losses .
And on Thursday , Citigroup 's directors reiterated their full support for Chairman Win Bischoff , saying the board " looks forward to his continued leadership " and calling a Wall Street Journal report about dissatisfaction with Bischoff " completely erroneous . "
Read MarketWatch First Take commentary .
The board wants closer oversight of the efforts of Chief Executive Vikram Pandit and his senior management team , the Journal reported .
The newspaper also reported that a leading candidate to take over as Citi 's chairman would be Richard Parsons , the chairman of Time Warner Inc. TWX , and the Citigroup board 's lead outside director .
Parsons has run a savings bank and is one of the few Citigroup directors with financial - services experience .
Separately , the Journal reported that Citigroup is in talks to buy Chevy Chase Bank CCX of Bethesda , Md. This followed a Monday report in the Journal that Citi was in talks to buy a regional bank with operations that overlap with its focus in the U.S. Northeast , California and Texas .
A spokeswoman for Citi declined to comment .
is in final negotiations to star oppositein the next film from writer / director ( The Shawshank Redemption , The Green Mile , The Mist ) , the psychological thriller “ . ”
The script , written by ( Ultraviolet , Street Kings ) and Darabont , follows a successful assistant D.A. ( Butler ) who finds himself at the center of a vigilante plot hatched by a traumatized victim of the legal system ( Foxx ) .
Foxx ’s character is devastated to learn that , because of a plea bargain , one of his wife and daughter ’s murderers will be set free .
So he unleashes revenge on the killers and those who made the deal .
Executive producing are Film Department ’ sandz , has also been rumored to be involved with the film .
No production date has been set .
Speaking in front of members of Congress on Tuesday , economist Peter Morici , a professor at the University of Maryland , said the job loss experienced in November " was much worse than was expected ...
The threat of a widespread depression is now real and present . "
Many economic observers have justifiably stated that the U.S. is in the midst of the greatest recession facing the nation since the Great Depression .
On Monday , the National Bureau of Economic Research finally acknowledged what most of Americans have known for some time : that the U.S. is officially in a deep and painful recession .
Few , if any , however , will dare to call the current downturn a Depression .
Actually , the department responsible for categorizing our economic condition , NEBR , refuses to use the term , although most Americans , judging by what they see and what is happening to them , realize we are truly entering a depression .
" Just as the NBER does not define the term depression or identify depressions , there is no formal NBER definition or dating of the Great Depression , " the bureau 's website says .
It seems that some “ experts ” are finally starting to recognize the perilous situation that this country faces .
Chrysler vice chairman , Jim Press , told reporters after testifying on Capitol Hill that inaction to save the auto industry could trigger a full - blown Depression .
" We 're on the brink with the U.S. auto manufacturing industry , " Press said .
" If we have a catastrophic failure of one of these car companies , in this tender environment for the economy , it 's a huge blow .
It could trigger a [ worse ] depression . "
Nobel - Prize winning economist Paul Krugman believes that , while the U.S. may not technically be in a Depression , we have entered a state of “ depression economics . ”
Unfortunately , during the Great Depression we had the capacity to innovate , manufacture and otherwise create wealth that could drag us out of the hole we were in .
Today , we no longer have that capability .
We have forfeited that ability through disastrous trade policies that have shipped the majority of America ’s manufacturing prowess across the border and overseas .
Without the capability to manufacture and create wealth , the U.S. will never truly recover .
Today we are maintaining our living standards only with imports & through the good graces of our creditors who loan us money .
How can our creditors have faith in our credit worthiness when we can only pay them if we can borrow money from someone else to pay them .
The Historical Origins and Development of Racism by George M. Fredrickson
Racism exists when one ethnic group or historical collectivity dominates , excludes , or seeks to eliminate another on the basis of differences that it believes are hereditary and unalterable .
An ideological basis for explicit racism came to a unique fruition in the West during the modern period .
No clear and unequivocal evidence of racism has been found in other cultures or in Europe before the Middle Ages .
The identification of the Jews with the devil and witchcraft in the popular mind of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries was perhaps the first sign of a racist view of the world .
Official sanction for such attitudes came in sixteenth century Spain when Jews who had converted to Christianity and their descendents became the victims of a pattern of discrimination and exclusion .
The period of the Renaissance and Reformation was also the time when Europeans were coming into increasing contact with people of darker pigmentation in Africa , Asia , and the Americas and were making judgments about them .
The official rationale for enslaving Africans was that they were heathens , but slave traders and slave owners sometimes interpreted a passage in the book of Genesis as their justification .
Ham , they maintained , committed a sin against his father Noah that condemned his supposedly black descendants to be " servants unto servants . "
When Virginia decreed in 1667 that converted slaves could be kept in bondage , not because they were actual heathens but because they had heathen ancestry , the justification for black servitude was thus changed from religious status to something approaching race .
Beginning in the late seventeenth century laws were also passed in English North America forbidding marriage between whites and blacks and discriminating against the mixed offspring of informal liaisons .
Without clearly saying so , such laws implied that blacks were unalterably alien and inferior .
During the Enlightenment , a secular or scientific theory of race moved the subject away from the Bible , with its insistence on the essential unity of the human race .
Eighteenth century ethnologists began to think of human beings as part of the natural world and subdivided them into three to five races , usually considered as varieties of a single human species .
In the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , however , an increasing number of writers , especially those committed to the defense of slavery , maintained that the races constituted separate species .
The Nineteenth century was an age of emancipation , nationalism , and imperialism -- all of which contributed to the growth and intensification of ideological racism in Europe and the United States .
Although the emancipation of blacks from slavery and Jews from the ghettoes received most of its support from religious or secular believers in an essential human equality , the consequence of these reforms was to intensify rather than diminish racism .
Race relations became less paternalistic and more competitive .
The insecurities of a burgeoning industrial capitalism created a need for scapegoats .
The Darwinian emphasis on " the struggle for existence " and concern for " the survival of the fittest " was conducive to the development of a new and more credible scientific racism in an era that increasingly viewed race relations as an arena for conflict rather than as a stable hierarchy .
The growth of nationalism , especially romantic cultural nationalism , encouraged the growth of a culture - coded variant of racist thought , especially in Germany .
Beginning in the late 1870s and early 1880s , the coiners of the term " antisemitism " made explicit what some cultural nationalists had previously implied -- that to be Jewish in Germany was not simply to adhere to a set of religious beliefs or cultural practices but meant belonging to a race that was the antithesis of the race to which true Germans belonged .
The climax of Western imperialism in the late nineteenth century " scramble for Africa " and parts of Asia and the Pacific represented an assertion of the competitive ethnic nationalism that existed among European nations ( and which , as a result of the Spanish - American War came to include the United States ) .
It also constituted a claim , allegedly based on science , that Europeans had the right to rule over Africans and Asians .
The climax of the history of racism came in the twentieth century in the rise and fall of what might be called overtly racist regimes .
In the American South , the passage of racial segregation laws and restrictions on black voting rights reduced African Americans to lower caste status .
Extreme racist propaganda , which represented black males as ravening beasts lusting after white women , served to rationalize the practice of lynching .
A key feature of the racist regime maintained by state law in the South was a fear of sexual contamination through rape or intermarriage , which led to efforts to prevent the conjugal union of whites with those with any known or discernable African ancestry .
Racist ideology was eventually of course carried to its extreme in Nazi Germany .
It took Hitler and his cohorts to attempt the extermination of an entire ethnic group on the basis of a racist ideology .
Hitler , it has been said , gave racism a bad name .
The moral revulsion of people throughout the world against what the Nazis did , reinforced by scientific studies undermining racist genetics ( or eugenics ) , served to discredit the scientific racism that had been respectable and influential in the United States and Europe before the Second World War .
Explicit racism also came under devastating attack from the new nations resulting from the decolonization of Africa and Asia and their representatives in the United Nations .
The Civil Rights movement in the United States , which succeeded in outlawing legalized racial segregation and discrimination in the 1960s drew crucial support from the growing sense that national interests were threatened when blacks in the United States were mistreated and abused .
In the competition with the Soviet Union for " the hearts and minds " of independent Africans and Asians , Jim Crow and the ideology that sustained it became a national embarrassment with possible strategic consequences .
The one racist regime that survived the Second World War and the Cold War was the South African in 1948 .
The laws passed banning all marriage and sexual relations between different " population groups " and requiring separate residential areas for people of mixed race ( " Coloreds " ) , as well as for Africans , signified the same obsession with " race purity " that characterized the other racist regimes .
However the climate of world opinion in the wake of the Holocaust induced apologists for apartheid to avoid , for the most part , straightforward biological racism and rest their case for " separate development " mainly on cultural rather than physical differences .
The defeat of Nazi Germany , the desegregation of the American South in the 1960s , and the establishment of majority rule in South Africa suggest that regimes based on biological racism or its cultural essentialist equivalent are a thing of the past .
But racism does not require the full and explicit support of the state and the law .
Nor does it require an ideology centered on the concept of biological inequality .
Discrimination by institutions and individuals against those perceived as racially different can long persist and even flourish under the illusion of non-racism , as historians of Brazil have recently discovered .
The use of allegedly deep - seated cultural differences as a justification for hostility and discrimination against newcomers from the Third World in several European countries has led to allegations of a new " cultural racism . "
Recent examples of a functionally racist cultural determinism are not in fact unprecedented .
They rather represent a reversion to the way that the differences between groups could be made to seem indelible and unbridgeable before the articulation of a scientific or naturalistic conception of race in the eighteenth century .
George M. Fredrickson is Edgar E. Robinson Professor Emeritus of United States History at Stanford University .
This big motorcycle which those people made is really interesting .
It weights about 5 tons and you can drive it after all .
It is really interesting how many stuff you can do if you are bored .
Official Heraldry of the United States
Contents
The Great Seal of the United States
See also the booklet in PDF format from the U.S. Department of State .
The Government of the United States has its coat of arms , which were created by an Act of Congress of Jun 20 , 1782 :
The device for an armorial achievement , and reverse , of the great seal of the Unites States in congress assembled , is as follows :
ARMS : Paleways of 13 pieces , argent and gules ; a chief , azure ; the escutcheon on the breast of the American eagle displayed proper , holding in its dexter talon an olive branch , and in his sinister a bundle of 13 arrows , all proper , in his beak a scroll , inscribed with this motto : " E pluribus unum . "
For the CREST : over the head of the eagle , which appears above the escutcheon , a glory , or , breaking through a cloud , proper , and surrounding 13 stars , forming a constellation argent on an azure field .
REVERSE : A pyramid unfinished .
In the zenith an eye in a triangle , surrounded by a glory , proper .
Over the eye theses words : " Annuit coeptis . "
On the base of the pyramid the numerical letters , MDCCLXXVI .
And underneath , the following motto : " Novus ordo seclorum . "
The accompanying text goes on about how " The Escutcheon is composed of the chief and pale , the two most honorable ordinaries .
The pieces , paly , represent the several States all joined in one solid compact entire , suppporting a chief , which unites the whole and represents Congress .
The Motto alludes to this union .
The pales in the Arms are kept closely united by the chief and the chief depends on that Union and the strength resulting from it for its support , to denote the Confederacy of the United States of America and the preservation of their union through Congress .
The colours of the pales are those used in the flag of the United States of America ;
White signifies purity and innocence , Red , hardiness and valour , and Blue , vigilance , perseverance and justice .
The Olive branch and arrows denote the power of peace and war which is exclusively vested in Congress .
The Constellation denotes a new State taking its place and rank among other sovereign powers .
The Escutcheon is borne on the breast of an American Eagle without any other supporters , to denote that the United States ought to rely on their own Virtue . "
For an illustration of the seal , see 1786 engraving of the obverse , or look at any one - dollar bill .
The motto " annuit coeptis " means " he hath smiled upon our undertakings " and comes from Virgil 's Aeneid ( 9 , 625 ) , and " novus ordo seclorum " ( a new series of ages ) comes from Eclogue 4 , verse 5 .
( That passage of Virgil 's Eclogues , incidentally , retells a prophecy of the Sibyl of Cumae and mentions the return of the Virgin , thus earning the Sibyl 's place on the ceiling the Sistine Chapel next to the Old testament Prophets ) .
Some might note that 1782 is before the adoption of the Constitution , and therefore the Congress of 1782 is not the Congress of the United States , but an act of Sept. 15 , 1789 specified that " the seal heretofore used by the United States in congres assembled , shall be , and hereby is declared to be , the seal of the United States . " ( 4 USC 41 )
Presidential Seal
The Seal of the President of the United States is almost identical to the obverse of the Great Seal of the United States .
It is displayed here for educational purposes only .
The first President known to have used a presidential seal is Rutherford B. Hayes , who had one designed for use on White House invitations in 1880 .
From the start , the design had the head of the eagle turned to sinister , i.e. , to the viewer 's right , toward the talon holding the arrows of war .
No one knows why that choice was made ; it may have been intended to differentiate the seal from that of the United States , or simply an error .
President Roosevelt decided to update the design in the winter of 1944 .
George M. Elsey , a naval aide , was assigned the task to sketch a new design .
He called on Arthur E. DuBois , Chief Heraldic Consultant of the Office of the Quartermaster General of the Army , who pointed out the incorrect position of the eagle 's head and convinced Truman to have the eagle turned to dexter , which is the normal position for heraldic eagles in general , and also the same position as in the Seal of the United States .
The change was implemented by President Truman , on October 26 , 1945 .
The design has not changed since .
This one - time change has given rise to the myth that the eagle 's head changes position to indicate wartime or peacetime , but that is obviously not true .
The eagle faced right from 1880 to 1945 , and has faced left ever since .
It is nevertheless true that , when the change was made in 1945 , the announcement referred to the symbolism of the eagle facing peace instead of war , and this symbolism has been alluded to many times since , although it was not the motivation for the change .
The presidential seal is not used to seal documents , but as a presidential insignia on White House documents , objects and staff clothing .
A copy in plaster or papier - mache always adorns the lecterns from which the President makes public addresses .
Sources : articles in the ( New York Times : Apr. 10 , 1949 , Magazine p. 7 ; Dec. 2 , 1971 , p. 34 ; Washington Post , July 4 , 2003 , p. C1 .
History of the Great Seal
This section is based on Eugene Zieber 's Heraldry in America , Philadelphia 1895 ( reprint 1984 ) .
On the same day as the Declaration of Independence , the Continental Congress formed a committee with Benjamin Franklin , John Adams and Thomas Jefferson to " prepare a device for the seal of the United States of North America " .
The committee reported on August 10 with a proposal .
The arms of the United States would be , in the words of the committee :
The shield has six Quarters , parts one , coupé .
The 1st Or , a Rose enamelled gules and argent for England : the 2nd Argent , a Thistle proper for Scotland : the 3d Vert a Harp Or for Ireland : the 4th Azure a Flower de luce Or for France : the 5th Or the Imperial Eagle Sable for Germany : and the 6th Or the Belgic Lion Gules for Holland , pointing out the countries from which these states have been peopled .
The shield within a bordure Gules entwined of thirteen Scutcheons Argent linked together by a chain or , each charged with the initial letters Sable , as follows : 1st NH , 2nd MB , 3d RI , 4th C , 5th NY , 6th NJ , 7th P , 8th DC , 9th M , 10th V , 11th NC , 12th SC , 13th G , for each of the thirteen independent States of America .
Supporters , Dexter the Goddess of Liberty in a corselet of Armour , alluding to the present times , holding in her right hand the Spear and Cap and with her left supporting the shield of the States ; Sinister the Goddess of Justic bearing a sword in her right hand and in her left a Balance .
Crest , the Eye of Providence in a radiant Triangle whose Glory extends over the shield and beyond the Figures .
Motto : E Pluribus Unum .
Legend round the whole achievement , Seal of the United States of America MDCCLXXVI .
The other side had a rather astonishing depiction of Pharaoh being engulfed by the Red Sea before Moses and the Israelites , with the motto " rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God " .
The design can be seen in a manuscript sketch in the hand of Thomas Jefferson .
It did not meet with a favorable reception .
Another committees worked on the matter , submitting a proposal on May 10 , 1780 .
Then the matter was referred to the Secretary of Congress , Charles Thomson , who asked the assistance of William Barton , a prominent citizen of Philadelphia .
Barton proposed two designs , then Thomson submitted his own , which , revised by Barton , was finally adopted in 1782 .
The bundle of arrows in the eagle 's sinister claw has an interesting precedent : the arms adopted by the United Provinces or United Low Countries after their break from the Spanish crown in the 16th century feature a lion holding seven arrows in its paw , for the seven provinces .
The United Provinces provided a precedent for the United States , sharing the feature that they earned their independence through a war , but did so as several distinct provinces headed by a representative assembly , and adopted a non-monarchical form of government after independence ; these features were unique in European history .
The first seal , in use from 1782 to 1841 .
The second seal , in use from 1841 to 1872 .
The seal cut in 1885 , closely replicated in 1904 and in 1986 .
US Heraldic Legislation
There are actually bits of heraldic legislation in the US , and an instance of protected arms , as well .
The seal described above is in fact protected by law : whosoever displays a likeness of the seal , or of the seals of the President or Vice - President , " for the purpose of conveying , or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey , a false impression of sponsorship or approval by the Government of the United States or by any department , agency or instrumentality thereof , shall be fined by not more than $ 250 or imprisoned not more than six months , or both . "
The manufacture and sale of such likenesses is likewise prohibited except under circumstances defined by executive orders of the President .
( 18 USC 713 ) .
Please note that the use of the obverse of the great seal as background to this Web page is not in violation thereof .
The emblems and ensignia of US departments , bureaus and agencies are also protected to a certain degree ( 18 USC 712 ) .
Even stranger is the fact the the coat of arms of Switzerland is protected by American law ( 18 USC 708 ) , apparently since 1936 .
The Code of Federal Regulations contains some prohibition against the use of coat of arms in labeling and advertising of wine , distilled spirits and malt beverages ( see 27 CFR 4 , 5 and 7 ) .
Specifically , " Labels shall not contain , in the brand name or otherwise , any statement , design , device , or pictorial representation which the Director finds relates to , or is capable of being construed as relating to , the armed forces of the United States , or the American flag , or any emblem , seal , insignia , or decoration associated with such flag or armed forces ; nor shall any label contain any statement , design , device , or pictorial representation of or concerning any flag , seal , coat of arms , crest or other insignia , likely to mislead the consumer to believe that the product has been endorsed , made , or used by , or produced for , or under the supervision of , or in accordance with the specifications of the government , organization , family , or individual with whom such flag , seal , coat of arms , crest , or insignia is associated " ( 27 CFR 7.29 ( d ) ) and " No advertisement shall contain any statement , design , device , or pictorial representation of or relating to , or capable of being construed as relating to the armed forces of the United States , or of the American flag , or of any emblem , seal , insignia , or decoration associated with such flag or armed forces ; nor shall any statement , device , design , or pictorial representation of or concerning any flag , seal , coat of arms , crest , or other insignia , likely to mislead the consumer to believe that the product has been endorsed , made , or used by , or produced for , or under the supervision of , or in accordance with the specifications of the government , organization , family , or individual with whom such flag , seal , coat of arms , crest , or insignia is associated " ( 27 CFR 7.54 ( h ) ) .
Trademark law explicitly disallows the registration of a design incorporating the coat of arms of the U.S. , a state , municipality or any foreign nation ( 15 USC 1052 ) .
Seals of US Agencies
A number of Federal agencies use coats of arms , or emblems similar to coats of arms .
Any dollar bill will show the arms of the US Department of Treasury :
Or , on a chevron azure between a scale and a key sable , 13 mullets argent .
( Even the hatchings are shown ! )
The Air Force 's arms are described in law ( 10 USC 8012 ) as " Per fess nebuly abased azure and argent , in chief a thunderbolt or inflamed proper .
CREST : On a wreath argent and azure an American bald eagle , wings displayed and partially elevated proper in front of a cloud argent .
Encircling the shield and crest an arc of thirteen stars and below the shield the inscription '' MCMXLVII '' . "
The arms of the Department of Commerce were chosen on April 4 , 1913 ( pursuant to 15 USC 1501 ) : " Arms : Per fesse azure and or , a ship in full sail on waves of the sea , in chief proper ; and in base a lighthouse illumined proper .
Crest : The American Eagle displayed .
Around the Arms , between two concentric circles , are the words : ' Department of Commerce ' and ' United States of America ' " ( 15 CFR 1.2 ) .
" A shield argent paly of six gules , a chief azure charged with a fouled anchor or ; shield and anchor outlined of the third ; on a wreath argent and gules , an eagle displayed proper ; all on a gold disc within a blue border , encircled by a gold rope outlined in blue , and bearing in white letters the inscription ``Federal Maritime Commission ' ' in upper portion and ``1961 '' in lower portion . " ( 46 CFR 501 ) .
Several seals can be seen in this index of Government Web pages .
Here are a few links to seals of US agencies :
A law of 1957 allowed the Secretary of the Army to establish an heraldic authority to design flags , emblems , insignia , etc for various military departments ( 10 USC 4594 ) .
That authority is the Institute of Heraldry .
The Code of Federal Regulations ( 32 CFR 507 ) prescribes policy for military decorations , medals , badges , and insignia in the U.S. Army and Air Force .
The Army 's Deputy Chief of Staff for personnel is responsible for the heraldic activities in the Army , and the Institute of Heraldry monitors the heraldic quality of items ( decorations , badges ) that are manufactured for the Army 's needs ; the Institute also licenses manufacturers , authorizes the use of designs in commercial items , and also designs some medals or insignia ( e.g. , for NASA , the Department of Energy , etc ) .
( The regulation was recently revised : see the Federal Register : May 18 , 1998 , Volume 63 , Number 95 ) .
The address of the Institute is :
The Institute of Heraldry 9325 Gunston Road Fort Belvoir , VA 22050 -5579 .
The Institute now has a web site .
There are some examples of the Institute 's work on the Web :
See a Guide to US Air Force Heraldry .
François Velde
Last modified : Dec 08 , 2003
Chains
View our necklaces and chains selection in 10 k , 14 k , 18 k gold as well as sterling silver for both men and women .
Select the best chain to be worn alone or to wear with your favorite pendant .
We present some of the most popular chains for men and women in your choice of metal .
Find yours today !
Has the Fed declared war on the working class ?
Class warfare has begun
Acts of economic terrorism ?
The Real Agenda : A Massive Transfer of Wealth
So what can YOU do right now ?
What 's Really Radical
Video : How Money Creation Actually Works
How Congress Voted
( Natural News )
In 1942 , German intelligence officers rounded up skilled Jewish prisoners and launched , a clever scheme designed to counterfeit hundreds of millions of dollars worth of British Pounds and destroy the British economy by flooding it with counterfeit money .
Located in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp , Operation Bernhardt was , even by modern standards , a runaway success that resulted in the creation of forged bank notes worth 132 million British Pounds .
This " economic warfare " operation resulted in a devastating economic effect on the British economy .
You can read the true history of this operation here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Bernh...
It is important to note that Operation Bernhardt was , specifically pursued for the purpose of destroying Britain 's economy by creating so much new money that the value of the money already in circulation would plummet .
This was considered a strategic attack , just as effective as carpet - bombing tank factories or mowing down soldiers on the field with German - made MG42 machine guns .
What does all this have to do with the Federal Reserve ?
Today , , counterfeiting trillions of dollars in U.S. bank notes and flooding the U.S. money supply with .
The result , of course , is the same as was intended by Operation Bernhardt in 1942 : The economic destruction of the target nation .
Only this time , the target is the United States of America .
Hilariously , the Fed claims it 's doing this tothe economy .
Yet the laws of economics tell us that flooding the money supply with trillions of dollars in new money actuallythe economy .
And the Fed has been hard at work causing this harm : $ 250 + billion two weeks ago , $ 600 + billion last week and $ 900 billion earlier this week !
It 's beginning to crank up the printing presses to the tune of , and by doing so , it 's contributing to the destruction of the U.S. economy at a pace the Third Reich could have barely imagined .
If the actions pursued by the Federal Reserve were being masterminded by Al - Qaeda , .
In World War II , such actions wereacts of war .
Targeting the economy for destruction by flooding the money supply with counterfeit currency is , by any measure , a threat to any nation .
So why is the Federal Reserve engaged in actions that , if committed by other nations , would warrant a military response ?
This is not an idle question .
I 'm not asking this in a satirical way .
I 'm quite serious about this :
Why is the Fed committing acts of economic warfare against the United States of America ?
( The Fed , by the way , is a private company .
It is not , as you 've been led to believe , part of the U.S. government . )
The answer is obvious .
You 've probably already figured it out : .
It 's an economic war , of course , not a bombs - and - bullets war .
The casualties , though , are just as real : Savings accounts , retirement funds , bank accounts , jobs , businesses , pensions and much more .
By counterfeiting trillions of dollars like a Sachsenhausen operation on steroids , the Fed is carpet - bombing the U.S. economy with an unprecedented flood of fiat currency , causing the exact same economic destruction intended by the Nazis in World War II ( but on a much more devastating scale ) .
And it 's doing this as part of a new economic war .
What war ?
The war between the wealthy elite and the working class .
The Fed is working hard , of course , to protect the wealthy elite .
Over a trillion dollars of taxpayer money has already been earmarked to bail out the rich , elite bankers who lost other people 's money in a series of idiotic bets on fictitious financial instruments .
And what are these bankers doing with this taxpayer money ?
According to an Associated Press report published yesterday , executives of the failed insurance company AIG were sent on a $ 440,000 retreat " to a posh California resort " less than one week after the U.S. government bailed them out .
At the spa , AIG executives enjoyed spa treatments , massages , organic food buffets and bodywork therapy , all while the American taxpayers footing the bill were slaving away in real jobs , doing real work .
Want to see the invoice for yourself ?
View it here : https://www.naturalnews.com/images/AIG-invoic...
That 's how this new class warfare is taking shape : YOU ( the working class ) get all the debt , all the losses , and all the financial burden .
THEY ( the wealthy elite ) get all the profits , all the luxury spa treatments , all the tax breaks and billions of dollars in free money from the Federal Reserve .
In the 1942 Operation Bernhardt , the Germans literally planned to load hundreds of millions of dollars in British Pound bank notes and air - drop them over London .
The resulting chaos , it was believed , would shut down the British economy , halting the flow of money needed by Britain to fund its war effort .
In the United States today , the Fed is taking a different approach : Air - dropping trillions of dollars into the laps and bank accounts of wealthy bankers and financial institution CEOs , concentrating the massive creation of fiat currency into the hands of less than 1 % of the population .
And just to make sure the economic carpet - bombing is a complete success , the Federal Reserve and U.S. government are conspiring to create more than a trillion dollars in new money each week , then flood those funds into banks , businesses and insurance companies .
This will , of course , devastate the value of the dollars being saved , held or earned by the wage slaves who labor their lives away under this economic regime .
( That would be you and me . )
It 's a brilliant plan ... if you 're interested in destroying a nation .
This kind of attack would bring almost any nation to its knees .
It 's an act of war that requires no violence , no bombs and no destruction of real infrastructure .
And yet it achieves what every war in history has ever sought to achieve :
The Federal Reserve , in effect , has become a modern - day economic Third Reich , and it has set its sights on the U.S. economy .
The Federal Reserve is now doing to the U.S. what the terrorists could never have accomplished :
The destruction of a large portion of its economy , its currency and the savings of its people .
The economic losses of 9/11 pale in comparison to the financial destruction that has been unleashed onto America by the Federal Reserve .
Yet , amazingly , it was n't " terrorists " who put this plan into place .
Who was it , exactly ? played an important role in allowing this to happen .
In a grand , historical betrayal of the American people , members of your own U.S. House of Representatives and Senate voted to initiate a massive economic coup in America , violating the wishes of 99 % of the American people ( who are aligned against bailing out the rich on the backs of the poor ) .
Of course , to hear them explain it , their actions are meant to .
Yep , that 's their plan :
To save YOU , the taxpayer , by confiscating your money and handing it over to the wealthy elite .
And whatever money can't be stolen from the taxpayers will be counterfeited by the Fed 's money - creation machine .
We are not watching an economic rescue , friends ..
But it 's a war with a specific purpose .
What 's happening right now is that .
More than fifty percent of the housing and nearly twenty percent of the entire U.S. economy is now controlled by one person -- Henry Paulson -- and that person answers to no one .
He is n't elected , he can't be removed from office , and he 's subject to no law .
King
Henry controls unlimited funds .
He can print any amount of money , or confiscate any amount from the taxpayers ( by spending taxpayer dollars to bail out his rich friends ) .
If the Federal Reserve is the new Third Reich , King Henry is its Hitler .
The economic war has already been lost by the People .
It was lost on September 30 , 2008 , when Congress surrendered the U.S. economy to King Henry .
The People now own nothing but paper money and ephemeral digital account numbers , all of which could be turned into worthless digits overnight by a single decision from King Henry .
In this economic bailout and the Fed 's unlimited creation of new money , America has suffered the greatest act of economic warfare in our nation 's history .
Note carefully that it was n't conducted by the Nazis , Saddam Hussein or Al Qaeda .
It was , in fact , put into place by 172 Democrats and 91 Republicans in the House , and a similar majority in the U.S. Senate .
( See the complete list below . ) A system of exchange is not dependent on the dollar alone ..
Trade will go on after this economic chaos passes , and businesses will continue to be an important part of our economic future .
People will still need food , clothing , nutritional supplements , fuel , services , computers , tutoring , services , pet products , children 's products , cars , MP3 players and much more .
It is simply the end of one empire ...
In my view , the best way to financial survive this economic warfare being conducted by the Federal Reserve against the People is toby owning ( or launching ) your own independent income sources .
In fact , I 've written an entire report on how to accomplish this .
It 's called .
Due to this economic crisis , I 've decided to release it at no charge , and it 's available right now at : https://www.naturalnews.com/report_financial_...
Read it if you want to be empowered , informed and insulated from the demise of the dollar .
Using the strategies you 'll find in that report , you can drastically limit your losses in this economic carpet - bombing of the U.S. economy .
In fact , I believe you can emerge withthan you had when it all started .
You probably wo n't be getting paid in dollars , however .
Expect a new currency to be the future system of exchange in America .
But building reliable income streams now is a smart way to survive the coming economic implosion that will put corporations , governments and non-profits out of business .
( If you work for a paycheck , your paycheck may be in danger right now . )
By the way , do you think this article is radical ?
Some people have told me that my reporting on the economic situation is " radical . "
You know what I told them ?
I said imagine two households .
One household balances its budget , spends only what it brings home in income and has no debt .
The other household spends twice as much as it earns .
It owes $ 50,000 on credit cards and borrows money from loan sharks to meet the minimum payments on its credit cards .
Which household is " radical ?
" Now consider this :
The second household sneaks into the first household and steals money to pay its own debts .
On top of that , it has a counterfeit cash printing machine in the basement , and it 's cranking out thousands of dollars a week just to attempt to pay off its credit cards .
It 's immune to the law because it buys off the local police for criminal immunity .
Which household is headed towards financial disaster ?
Which household has a real future , and which one does n't ?
That second house , of course , is the United States government .
My reporting on the U.S. financial situation is downright tame compared to what 's really going on behind the scenes .
to accurately describe the degree of deception and outright theft that 's taking place in Washington right now .
History will show that not only were my warnings accurate , they wereby a wide margin .
Reporting the truth is a delicate thing .
People can only stomach so much truth at any one time .
Few people can handle the whole truth , which is why I usually refrain from reporting it .
There are things stated in this article that only hint at much bigger stories that will someday be told by others .
Only the most open - minded , skeptical thinkers can even mentally consider the real truth of what 's happening in our world today .
Most people have been brainwashed into living in a fictional world , and they are unable to even consider truths that threaten their grip on reality .
As a result , the public has to be led by the hand from one realization to the next , little by little , until they attain the ability to see the world as it really is rather than the illusion that has been constructed for them by the very people running this financial scam .
Check out this video to see how the Fed ( and the fractional - reserve banking system ) creates money out of nothing :
Here is the list of those Congressional representatives who surrendered your economic future to King Henry .
A " Y " means a " Yes " vote ( in favor of the financial bailout legislation ) .
This is , in essence , a list of those who have betrayed the People by conspiring to instigate acts of economic warfare against We the People . ( " N " means they voted No. " Y " means they voted Yes . " )
ALABAMADemocrats - Cramer , Y ; Davis , Y. Republicans - Aderholt , N ; Bachus , Y ; Bonner , Y ; Everett , Y ; Rogers , Y.ALASKARepublicans - Young , N.ARIZONADemocrats - Giffords , Y ; Grijalva , N ; Mitchell , Y ; Pastor , Y. Republicans - Flake , N ; Franks , N ; Renzi , N ; Shadegg , Y.ARKANSASDemocrats - Berry , Y ; Ross , Y ; Snyder , Y. Republicans - Boozman , Y.CALIFORNIADemocrats - Baca , Y ; Becerra , N ; Berman , Y ; Capps , Y ; Cardoza , Y ; Costa , Y ; Davis , Y ; Eshoo , Y ; Farr , Y ; Filner , N ; Harman , Y ; Honda , Y ; Lee , Y ; Lofgren , Zoe , Y ; Matsui , Y ; McNerney , Y ; Miller , George , Y ; Napolitano , N ; Pelosi , Y ; Richardson , Y ; Roybal - Allard , N ; Sanchez , Linda T. , N ; Sanchez , Loretta , N ; Schiff , Y ; Sherman , N ; Solis , Y ; Speier , Y ; Stark , N ; Tauscher , Y ; Thompson , Y ; Waters , Y ; Watson , Y ; Waxman , Y ; Woolsey , Y. Republicans - Bilbray , N ; Bono Mack , Y ; Calvert , Y ; Campbell , Y ; Doolittle , N ; Dreier , Y ; Gallegly , N ; Herger , Y ; Hunter , N ; Issa , N ; Lewis , Y ; Lungren , Daniel E. , Y ; McCarthy , N ; McKeon , Y ; Miller , Gary , Y ; Nunes , N ; Radanovich , Y ; Rohrabacher , N ; Royce , N.COLORADODemocrats - DeGette , Y ; Perlmutter , Y ; Salazar , N ; Udall , N.Republicans - Lamborn , N ; Musgrave , N ; Tancredo , Y.CONNECTICUTDemocrats - Courtney , N ; DeLauro , Y ; Larson , Y ; Murphy , Y. Republicans - Shays , Y.DELAWARERepublicans - Castle , Y.FLORIDADemocrats - Boyd , Y ; Brown , Corrine , Y ; Castor , N ; Hastings , Y ; Klein , Y ; Mahoney , Y ; Meek , Y ; Wasserman Schultz , Y ; Wexler , Y. Republicans - Bilirakis , N ; Brown - Waite , Ginny , N ; Buchanan , Y ; Crenshaw , Y ; Diaz - Balart , L. , N ; Diaz - Balart , M. , N ; Feeney , N ; Keller , N ; Mack , N ; Mica , N ; Miller , N ; Putnam , Y ; Ros-Lehtinen , Y ; Stearns , N ; Weldon , Y ; Young , N.GEORGIADemocrats - Barrow , N ; Bishop , Y ; Johnson , N ; Lewis , Y ; Marshall , Y ; Scott , Y. Republicans - Broun , N ; Deal , N ; Gingrey , N ; Kingston , N ; Linder , N ; Price , N ; Westmoreland , N.HAWAIIDemocrats - Abercrombie , Y ; Hirono , Y.IDAHORepublicans - Sali , N ; Simpson , Y.ILLINOISDemocrats - Bean , Y ; Costello , N ; Davis , Y ; Emanuel , Y ; Foster , Y ; Gutierrez , Y ; Hare , Y; Jackson , Y ; Lipinski , N ; Rush , Y ; Schakowsky , Y. Republicans - Biggert , Y ; Johnson , N ; Kirk , Y ; LaHood , Y ; Manzullo , N ; Roskam , N ; Shimkus , N ; Weller , Y.INDIANADemocrats - Carson , Y ; Donnelly , Y ; Ellsworth , Y ; Hill , N ; Visclosky , N.Republicans - Burton , N ; Buyer , N ; Pence , N ; Souder , Y.IOWADemocrats - Boswell , Y ; Braley , Y ; Loebsack , Y. Republicans - King , N ; Latham , N.KANSASDemocrats - Boyda , N ; Moore , Y. Republicans - Moran , N ; Tiahrt , N.KENTUCKYDemocrats - Chandler , N ; Yarmuth , Y. Republicans - Davis , N ; Lewis , Y ; Rogers , Y ; Whitfield , N.LOUISIANADemocrats - Cazayoux , N ; Jefferson , N ; Melancon , Y. Republicans - Alexander , Y ; Boustany , Y ; McCrery , Y ; Scalise , N.MAINEDemocrats - Allen , Y ; Michaud , N.MARYLANDDemocrats - Cummings , Y ; Edwards , Y ; Hoyer , Y ; Ruppersberger , Y ; Sarbanes , Y ; Van Hollen , Y. Republicans - Bartlett , N ; Gilchrest , Y.MASSACHUSETTSDemocrats - Capuano , Y ; Delahunt , N ; Frank , Y ; Lynch , N ; Markey , Y ; McGovern , Y ; Neal , Y ; Olver , Y ; Tierney , Y ; Tsongas , Y.MICHIGANDemocrats - Conyers , N ; Dingell , Y ; Kildee , Y ; Kilpatrick , Y ; Levin , Y ; Stupak , N.Republicans - Camp , Y ; Ehlers , Y ; Hoekstra , Y ; Knollenberg , Y ; McCotter , N ; Miller , N ; Rogers , N ; Upton , Y ; Walberg , N.MINNESOTADemocrats - Ellison , Y ; McCollum , Y ; Oberstar , Y ; Peterson , N ; Walz , N.Republicans - Bachmann , N ; Kline , Y ; Ramstad , Y.MISSISSIPPIDemocrats - Childers , N ; Taylor , N ; Thompson , N.Republicans - Pickering , Y.MISSOURIDemocrats - Carnahan , Y ; Clay , N ; Cleaver , Y ; Skelton , Y. Republicans - Akin , N ; Blunt , Y ; Emerson , Y ; Graves , N ; Hulshof , N.MONTANARepublicans - Rehberg , N.NEBRASKARepublicans - Fortenberry , N ; Smith , N ; Terry , Y.NEVADADemocrats - Berkley , Y. Republicans - Heller , N ; Porter , Y.NEW HAMPSHIREDemocrats - Hodes , N ; Shea - Porter , N.NEW JERSEYDemocrats - Andrews , Y ; Holt , Y ; Pallone , Y ; Pascrell , Y ; Payne , N ; Rothman , N ; Sires , Y. Republicans - Ferguson , Y ; Frelinghuysen , Y ; Garrett , N ; LoBiondo , N ; Saxton , Y ; Smith , N.NEW MEXICODemocrats - Udall , N.Republicans - Pearce , N ; Wilson , Y.NEW YORKDemocrats - Ackerman , Y ; Arcuri , Y ; Bishop , Y ; Clarke , Y ; Crowley , Y ; Engel , Y ; Gillibrand , N ; Hall , Y ; Higgins , Y ; Hinchey , N ; Israel , Y ; Lowey , Y ; Maloney , Y ; McCarthy , Y ; McNulty , Y ; Meeks , Y ; Nadler , Y ; Rangel , Y ; Serrano , N ; Slaughter , Y ; Towns , Y ; Velazquez , Y ; Weiner , Y. Republicans - Fossella , Y ; King , Y ; Kuhl , Y ; McHugh , Y ; Reynolds , Y ; Walsh , Y.NORTH CAROLINADemocrats - Butterfield , N ; Etheridge , Y ; McIntyre , N ; Miller , Y ; Price , Y ; Shuler , N ; Watt , Y. Republicans - Coble , Y ; Foxx , N ; Hayes , N ; Jones , N ; McHenry , N ; Myrick , Y.NORTH DAKOTADemocrats - Pomeroy , Y.OHIODemocrats - Kaptur , N ; Kucinich , N ; Ryan , Y ; Space , Y ; Sutton , Y ; Wilson , Y. Republicans - Boehner , Y ; Chabot , N ; Hobson , Y ; Jordan , N ; LaTourette , N ; Latta , N ; Pryce , Y ; Regula , Y ; Schmidt , Y ; Tiberi , Y ; Turner , N.OKLAHOMADemocrats - Boren , Y. Republicans - Cole , Y ; Fallin , Y ; Lucas , N ; Sullivan , Y.OREGONDemocrats - Blumenauer , N ; DeFazio , N ; Hooley , Y ; Wu , Y. Republicans - Walden , Y.PENNSYLVANIADemocrats - Altmire , N ; Brady , Y ; Carney , N ; Doyle , Y ; Fattah , Y ; Holden , N ; Kanjorski , Y ; Murphy , Patrick , Y ; Murtha , Y ; Schwartz , Y ; Sestak , Y. Republicans - Dent , Y ; English , N ; Gerlach , Y ; Murphy , Tim , N ; Peterson , Y ; Pitts , N ; Platts , N ; Shuster , Y.RHODE ISLANDDemocrats - Kennedy , Y ; Langevin , Y.SOUTH CAROLINADemocrats - Clyburn , Y ; Spratt , Y. Republicans - Barrett , Y ; Brown , Y ; Inglis , Y ; Wilson , Y.SOUTH DAKOTADemocrats - Herseth Sandlin , N.TENNESSEEDemocrats - Cohen , Y ; Cooper , Y ; Davis , Lincoln , N ; Gordon , Y ; Tanner , Y. Republicans - Blackburn , N ; Davis , David , N ; Duncan , N ; Wamp , Y.TEXASDemocrats - Cuellar , Y ; Doggett , N ; Edwards , Y ; Gonzalez , Y ; Green , Al , Y ; Green , Gene , N ; Hinojosa , Y ; Jackson - Lee , Y ; Johnson , E. B. , Y ; Lampson , N ; Ortiz , Y ; Reyes , Y ; Rodriguez , N.Republicans - Barton , N ; Brady , Y ; Burgess , N ; Carter , N ; Conaway , Y ; Culberson , N ; Gohmert , N ; Granger , Y ; Hall , N ; Hensarling , N ; Johnson , Sam , N ; Marchant , N ; McCaul , N ; Neugebauer , N ; Paul , N ; Poe , N ; Sessions , Y ; Smith , Y ; Thornber ry , Y.UTAHDemocrats - Matheson , N.Republicans - Bishop , N ; Cannon , Y.VERMONTDemocrats - Welch , Y.VIRGINIADemocrats - Boucher , Y ; Moran , Y ; Scott , N.Republicans - Cantor , Y ; Davis , Tom , Y ; Drake , N ; Forbes , N ; Goode , N ; Goodlatte , N ; Wittman , N ; Wolf , Y.WASHINGTONDemocrats - Baird , Y ; Dicks , Y ; Inslee , N ; Larsen , Y ; McDermott , N ; Smith , Y. Republicans - Hastings , N ; McMorris Rodgers , N ; Reichert , N.WEST VIRGINIADemocrats - Mollohan , Y ; Rahall , Y. Republicans - Capito , N.WISCONSINDemocrats - Baldwin , Y ; Kagen , N ; Kind , Y ; Moore , Y ; Obey , Y. Republicans - Petri , N ; Ryan , Y ; Sensenbrenner , N.WYOMINGRepublicans - Cubin , Y .
In order to get the iPhone 3G into Egypt , Apple had to kill one of its newest features : GPS .
Apparently , the Egyptian government was afraid that iPhone users would be able to use their iPhone to pinpoint sensitive locations such as government buildings and military bases .
I ’m not sure if this makes much sense because users can do the same thing with Google Maps .
In any event , this is n’t the first time that a cellphone manufacturer has encountered resistance from the Egyptian government .
Nokia , the largest handset manufacturer in the world , is still stuck in negotiations to bring their GPS enabled handsets to the market in Egypt .
On its website , Apple has a support document detailing the limited functionality an iPhone user would experience in Egypt .
It notes :
GPS is not available while in Egypt or when using an Egyptian iPhone , and you may experience the following :
An iPhone purchased in Egypt does not have GPS enabled
An iPhone purchased in Egypt that is used outside of Egypt does not have GPS enabled
Any iPhone used while roaming in Egypt does not have GPS enabled
An unlocked iPhone used with an Egyptian carrier ’s SIM does not have GPS enabled
When using Maps in the scenarios above , the blue marker does not appear , and instead a circle is used to show your approximate location and other applications that use Location Services do not provide GPS coordinates .
Egypt ’s stance on GPS should n’t come as much of a surprise given its track record with new technologies .
It has been notoriously authoritarian with respect to the Internet , and it ’s quite common for government authorities to arrest and jail bloggers who are critical of the government .
In any event , this is the first instance of Apple crippling their own product in order to get it into a specific market , and Apple will inevitably encounter similar demands from China before customers there will be able to pick up an iPhone 3G .
The New York Times has more on the story over here .
Hi , this is my first post on mycomputerninja.com , so be sweet .
Without really getting in to the details , I work at a company that has a website .
We deal with insurance companies , banks and mortgage companies .
Sometimes I have to help customers log in to our website so they can place orders for various risk assessment purposes .
Here ’s how it usually goes down :
Customer – “ I need to place an order . ”
Me – “ Well , we ca n’t accept orders over the phone , but I can help you log in to the website where you can place the order .
If you go to websiteaddress.com , I can help you log in . ”
Customer – “ Ok , fine .
God , I really just want to do this over the phone .
Come on , just take this one over the phone please .
I really need this right now .
I ’ll order the next one online . ”
Me – “ I ’m sorry , but we ca n’t accept orders over the phone .
If you go to websiteaddress.com I can help you log in . ”
( obviously this is not the real website address , but you get the idea . )
Customer – “ But I called in yesterday and the lady took the order over the phone !
I need this RIGHT NOW ! ”
Me – “ Well , she really should n’t have placed the order .
If you go to websiteaddress.com , I can help you log in . ”
Customer – “ Ok . . . ( 30 seconds later )
What was the website again ? ”
( Please note that I have already told them the address three times . )
Me – “ websiteaddress.com ”
Customer – “ ( talking to themselves and sounding like they are struggling ) www.website.what?”
Me – “ websiteaddress.com ”
Customer – “ How do I get there ? ! ”
Me – ( Thinking – How can a person not know how to get to a website .
That ’s like telling someone to change the channel to HBO and them saying “ YEAH , BUT HOW DO I GET THERE ?! ” )
“ Well , you just have to type the address in the URL field of your browser . ”
Customer – “ Ok : double you , double you , double you – dot – website address – dot com ? ”
Me – “ Well , that ’s correct , but you do n’t need the W’s , so you can just type – websiteaddress.com . ”
Customer – ( Not even registering my last comment )
Ok , I ’m getting a couple of matches , WHICH ONE IS IT ?!!!! ”
Me – “ . . .
What do you mean a couple of matches ? ”
And then I realize that , against all logic , this person is searching for the address with a search engine instead of typing the URL in to the URL field and actually going to the website itself .
And I have n’t confirmed this yet , but they probably use DogPile or AOL Keyword , or Alta Vista or Map Quest or any number of search engines that only very old people use .
And believe me , after dealing with these people , I would not put it past them to try Map Quest .
This is not a one - time occurrence .
This happens everyday .
These people have jobs in an office .
They sit at a desk with a computer .
The use the computer everyday , and they have no idea how to go to a website .
Please take a moment and think about that .
I speak with dozens of people a week who work in pretty important positions , and they have no idea how to go directly to a website .
Most of them do n’t even know the difference between an email address and a website address .
Sometimes when I tell a customer to go to websiteaddress.com , they ask , “ so I go to my email and send the order to websiteaddress.com ? ”
And then there is the classic response from May 2006 , which I will never , ever forget :
Customer – “ Can you email me my username and password ? ”
Me – “ Ok , what is your email address . ”
Customer – “ Kate.com ”
I ’ve talked to maybe 15 people over the last year who honestly do n’t know the difference between an email address and a website address .
They ca n’t tell the difference between Outlook and Internet Explorer .
They do n’t know what a browser is , and if you told them that they needed to “ type the URL in your browser , not your email client , ” I ’m sure their faces would melt off .
And yet , these are the people who write your home owner ’s insurance and underwrite the mortgage on your house .
But most importantly , these people are our moms and dads .
These people are our aunts and uncles .
These people are our friends and relatives .
Please , when your dad tells you that he wo n’t use that new copy of Firefox that you installed on his computer , because it does n’t have all of his passwords stored , just help him out and try to explain things as best as you can .
We are the people who can help the internet scrubs .
It ’s stupefyingly frustrating , but do n’t give up on them .
After all , the insurance premium on your sweet new car might depend on you helping a person to understand that it really is necessary to put that damn “ @ ” symbol in your email address .
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
Barack Obama says he believes in universal preschool and if he 's elected president he 'll pump " billions of dollars into early childhood education . "
Universal preschool is now second only to universal health care on the liberal policy wish list .
Democratic governors across the country -- including in Illinois , Arizona , Massachusetts and Virginia -- have made a major push to fund universal preschool in their states .
But is strapping a backpack on all 4 - year - olds and sending them to preschool good for them ?
Not according to available ...
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
As the number of victims of Bernard Madoff , the criminally charged founder of the investment firm that bears his name , seems to multiply with the speed and force of a hurricane , certain types of investors seem to be absent -- so far , anyway -- from the casualty list .
That 's no accident , argues James Hedges IV of LJH Global Investments , a boutique firm that invests in hedge funds and private equity for high - net - worth families .
In other words , score one for the big institutions that stick to standard rules rather than allowing their managers to invest on personal connections or hunches .
" There 's no Duke Endowment [ among the list of Madoff investors ] , " Hedges says .
" There 's no Harvard management , there 's no Yale , there 's no Penn , there 's no Weyerhauser , no State of Texas or Virginia Retirement system . "
The reason is simple , in Hedges ' view .
Letting Madoff manage your money " would n't pass an institutional - quality due diligence process , " he says .
" Because when you get to page two of your 30 - page due diligence questionnaire , you 've already tripped eight alarms and said ' I 'm out of here . ' "
In short , in Hedges ' opinion , any sophisticated entity that actually did its homework would have seen the warning signs .
Hedges got the chance to see those signs up close :
In 1997 , when he was advising the Bessemer Trust , the giant wealth manager , he visited Bernard Madoff to discuss investing with Madoff 's firm .
" I found him stylistically like a lot of traders : fast - talking , distractable , not remarkable , " Hedges says of Madoff .
But during their two - hour meeting , Hedges says , " there was one red flag after another . "
For starters , he could n't grasp Madoff 's investing strategy .
" I kept saying , ' you 've got to explain it to me like I 'm in first grade , ' " he says .
To no avail .
Then there was the fact that Madoff was charging no fees other than trading commissions :
" The notion that something is fee -less -- which is what they largely proferred -- is too good to be true . "
The fact that Madoff 's operation was audited by a microscopic accounting firm also worried him .
" He was also so secretive about his asset base -- that was another red flag . "
In the end , Hedges was uncomfortable and Bessemer decided not to let Madoff manage any of its money .
In Hedges ' view , those that went with Madoff chose faith over evidence .
" You 've got people who were disintermediated [ i.e. , did n't have a professional representative ] , or unsophisticated , or went in through a personal relationship .
That 's what a con man is -- a confidence man is somebody that engenders a relationship and then subsequently lures somebody into doing something that they should n't do . "
( According to the federal criminal complaint against him , Madoff has confessed that he ran a " giant Ponzi scheme . "
His lawyer , Ira Sorkin , declined to comment . )
Certainly many of the institutions that turned to Madoff will challenge Hedges ' views , as many will face litigation from their own clients .
So far , two of the large fund - of - funds with the largest sums under Madoff 's control , Tremont and Fairfield Greenwich , have already asserted that they conducted extensive due diligence before investing .
Many others will take the same position .
Should Hedges ' opinion be borne out and corporate and state pension funds remain absent from the roster of Madoff victims -- of course , there will be many more names added to the list -- it will only heighten the Madoff tragedy .
Because , in the end , it would show that this was one investing disaster that could easily have been avoided .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has told US troops in Iraq that their mission there is in its " endgame " .
Mr Gates said the US military presence would undergo a " significant change of mission " next June when troops are due to withdraw from Iraq 's urban areas .
Under a recently agreed deal between the two countries , US troops will completely withdraw from Iraq by 2011 .
However , the US general leading US troops in Iraq has said he expects some soldiers to stay in cities beyond June .
The Iraqi parliament voted in favour of the new security deal with the Americans last month .
Iraq 's government has hailed the agreement as the prelude to the return of full sovereignty to the country .
' In the endgame ' Speaking to US troops at an air base north of Baghdad , Mr Gates said the process of reducing troop numbers had already begun .
We do n't want to take a step backward because we 've made so much progress here
Gen Ray Odierno
US commander in Iraq
He said President - elect Barack Obama had " talked about wanting to listen and hear from commanders on the ground " .
" We are in the process of the draw down .
We are , I believe , in terms of the American commitment , in the endgame here in Iraq . "
Regarding the date of urban withdrawals , he said : " That represents a really significant change of mission , and it calls for us to have all of our combat units out by the end of 2011 . "
He said the US had suggested the June date because commanders believed they would have turned over all 18 provinces to provincial Iraqi control by then .
Also at the air base , General Ray Odierno , the US military commander in Iraq , said some troops would remain in Iraqi cities to advise and train Iraqi forces , rather than take part in combat .
As training at local security stations is part of the deal , Gen Odierno said : " We believe we should still be inside those after the summer . "
He did not specify how many of the current 150,000 US military personnel deployed in Iraq would remain .
He highlighted elections due to be held next year , saying : " It 's important that we maintain enough presence here that we can help them get through this year of transition .
" We do n't want to take a step backward because we 've made so much progress here . "
Meanwhile , Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki has dismissed comments from his official spokesman that US troops could remain for a decade .
The spokesman , Ali al - Dabbagh , has provoked controversy by doubting the ability of Iraq troops to take over in three years , saying the Americans might need to stay for 10 years .
Mr Maliki said his spokesman had simply been giving his personal opinion , and that the notion that US troops would stay in Iraq for a further decade was not the government 's view .
Opponents of the new security plan , including the radical Shia cleric , Moqtada Sadr , say they do not believe the US will withdraw by the dates they have promised to - and insist they should leave Iraq immediately .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Schedules Specification Engine History Photo gallery Video clips Discussion Wartsila Sulzer RTA96 - C / Engine
The cylinder bore is just under 38 " and the stroke is just over 98 " .
Each cylinder displaces 111,143 cubic inches ( 1820 liters ) and produces 7780 horsepower .
Total displacement comes out to 1,556,002 cubic inches ( 25,480 liters ) for the fourteen cylinder version .
Some facts on the 14 cylinder version : Total engine weight 2300 tons ( The crankshaft alone weighs 300 tons . )
Length 89 feet Height 44 feet Maximum power 108,920 hp at 102 rpm Maximum torque 5,608,312 lb/ ft at 102rpm
Video »
Fuel consumption at maximum power is 0.278 lbs per hp per hour ( Brake Specific Fuel Consumption ) .
Fuel consumption at maximum economy is 0.260 lbs /hp/hour .
At maximum economy the engine exceeds 50 % thermal efficiency .
That is , more than 50 % of the energy in the fuel in converted to motion .
For comparison , most automotive and small aircraft engines have BSFC figures in the 0.40 - 0.60 lbs / hp/ hr range and 25 - 30 % thermal efficiency range .
Even at its most efficient power setting , the big 14 consumes 1,660 gallons of heavy fuel oil per hour .
A cross section of the RTA96C
The internals of this engine are a bit different than most automotive engines .
The top of the connecting rod is not attached directly to the piston .
The top of the connecting rod attaches to a " crosshead " which rides in guide channels .
A long piston rod then connects the crosshead to the piston .
I assume this is done so the the sideways forces produced by the connecting rod are absorbed by the crosshead and not by the piston .
Those sideways forces are what makes the cylinders in an auto engine get oval - shaped over time .
Engine : Wartsila Sulzer RTA96 -C
The top of the connecting rod is not attached directly to the piston .
The top of the connecting rod attaches to a " crosshead " which rides in guide channels .
A long piston rod then connects the crosshead to the piston .
I assume this is done so the the sideways forces produced by the connecting rod are absorbed by the crosshead and not by the piston .
Those sideways forces are what makes the cylinders in an auto engine get oval - shaped over time .
Installing the " thin - shell " bearings .
Crank & rod journals are 38 " in diameter and 16 " wide
The crank sitting in the block ( also known as a " gondola - style " bedplate ) .
This is a 10 cylinder version .
Note the steps by each crank throw that lead down into the crankcase A piston & piston rod assembly .
The piston is at the top .
The large square plate at the bottom is where the whole assembly attaches to the crosshead
Some pistons and piston rods
The " spikes " on the piston rods are hollow tubes that go into the holes you can see on the bottom of the pistons ( left picture ) and inject oil into the inside of the piston which keeps the top of the piston from overheating .
Some high - performance auto engines have a similar feature where an oil squirter nozzle squirts oil onto the bottom of the piston .
The cylinder deck ( 10 cylinder version ) .
Cylinder liners are die - cast ductile cast iron .
Look at the size of those head studs
The first completed 12 cylinder engine
Leap seconds are added to adjust for changes in the rate of Earth ’s spin ( Image : Stock Xchng )
Those eager to see 2008 come to a close will have to wait a second longer .
A single leap second will be added at the end of the year to accommodate a subtle slow - down in the Earth ’s rotation .
The decision , made earlier this year by the International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service , will adjust coordinated universal time ( UTC ) , which is used to calibrate national and regional clocks around the world .
The leap second will be added on 31 December 2008 at 23 hours , 59 minutes and 59 seconds UTC .
Advertisement
UTC time is counted by atomic clocks , but it is adjusted occasionally to accommodate changes in the length of the Earth ’s day .
Tugs from the Sun and Moon are gradually slowing the Earth ’s spin and causing its days to get longer .
But this deceleration occurs unevenly .
The speed of the Earth ’s rotation sometimes gets a subtle boost due to a complex coupling between the Earth ’s mantle and core , which are thought to spin at somewhat different rates .
To accommodate the unevenness of this slow - down , leap seconds can be added twice a year – at the end of June and at the end of the December .
This leap second will be the 24th added to the world ’s clocks since 1972 , and the first one added since the end of 2005 .
No leap seconds were added between the end of 1998 and the end of 2005 due to a slight , temporary acceleration in the Earth ’s rotation .
Diablo III is the third iteration in the mega - blockbuster franchise from Blizzard Entertainment .
It is a fantasy / horror action RPG that maintains the core elements of the first two games .
Diablo III was first announced on June 28 , 2008 and was released on May 15 , 2012 on PC .
Diablo III was released for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 on September 3 , 2013 .
An expansion called Reaper of Souls was released March 25 , 2014 , adding a new story arc ( Act V ) , and a new Character Class ( the Crusader ) .
This looks more dangerous than base jumping !
Angangueo , Mexico
(.)
When federal police and army soldiers moved into this remote area in a top - secret operation two weeks ago , they did n't just put a small dent in Mexico 's crime syndicates .
They also made an important contribution toward preserving the world 's biodiversity .
The ...
Harold Pinter – Nobel Lecture
Art , Truth & Politics
In 1958 I wrote the following :
‘ There are no hard distinctions between what is real and what is unreal , nor between what is true and what is false .
A thing is not necessarily either true or false ; it can be both true and false . ’
I believe that these assertions still make sense and do still apply to the exploration of reality through art .
So as a writer I stand by them but as a citizen I cannot .
As a citizen I must ask :
What is true ?
What is false ?
Truth in drama is forever elusive .
You never quite find it but the search for it is compulsive .
The search is clearly what drives the endeavour .
The search is your task .
More often than not you stumble upon the truth in the dark , colliding with it or just glimpsing an image or a shape which seems to correspond to the truth , often without realising that you have done so .
But the real truth is that there never is any such thing as one truth to be found in dramatic art .
There are many .
These truths challenge each other , recoil from each other , reflect each other , ignore each other , tease each other , are blind to each other .
Sometimes you feel you have the truth of a moment in your hand , then it slips through your fingers and is lost .
I have often been asked how my plays come about .
I can not say .
Nor can I ever sum up my plays , except to say that this is what happened .
That is what they said .
That is what they did .
Most of the plays are engendered by a line , a word or an image .
The given word is often shortly followed by the image .
I shall give two examples of two lines which came right out of the blue into my head , followed by an image , followed by me .
The plays are The Homecoming and Old Times .
The first line of The Homecoming is ‘ What have you done with the scissors ? ’
The first line of Old Times is ‘ Dark . ’
In each case I had no further information .
In the first case someone was obviously looking for a pair of scissors and was demanding their whereabouts of someone else he suspected had probably stolen them .
But I somehow knew that the person addressed did n’t give a damn about the scissors or about the questioner either , for that matter .
‘ Dark ’ I took to be a description of someone ’s hair , the hair of a woman , and was the answer to a question .
In each case I found myself compelled to pursue the matter .
This happened visually , a very slow fade , through shadow into light .
I always start a play by calling the characters A , B and C .
In the play that became The Homecoming I saw a man enter a stark room and ask his question of a younger man sitting on an ugly sofa reading a racing paper .
I somehow suspected that A was a father and that B was his son , but I had no proof .
This was however confirmed a short time later when B ( later to become Lenny ) says to A ( later to become Max ) , ‘ Dad , do you mind if I change the subject ?
I want to ask you something .
The dinner we had before , what was the name of it ?
What do you call it ?
Why do n’t you buy a dog ?
You ’re a dog cook .
Honest .
You think you ’re cooking for a lot of dogs . ’
So since B calls A ‘ Dad ’ it seemed to me reasonable to assume that they were father and son .
A was also clearly the cook and his cooking did not seem to be held in high regard .
Did this mean that there was no mother ?
I did n’t know .
But , as I told myself at the time , our beginnings never know our ends .
‘ Dark . ’
A large window .
Evening sky .
A man , A ( later to become Deeley ) , and a woman , B ( later to become Kate ) , sitting with drinks .
‘ Fat or thin ? ’ the man asks .
Who are they talking about ?
But I then see , standing at the window , a woman , C ( later to become Anna ) , in another condition of light , her back to them , her hair dark .
It ’s a strange moment , the moment of creating characters who up to that moment have had no existence .
What follows is fitful , uncertain , even hallucinatory , although sometimes it can be an unstoppable avalanche .
The author ’s position is an odd one .
In a sense he is not welcomed by the characters .
The characters resist him , they are not easy to live with , they are impossible to define .
You certainly can’t dictate to them .
To a certain extent you play a never - ending game with them , cat and mouse , blind man ’s buff , hide and seek .
But finally you find that you have people of flesh and blood on your hands , people with will and an individual sensibility of their own , made out of component parts you are unable to change , manipulate or distort .
So language in art remains a highly ambiguous transaction , a quicksand , a trampoline , a frozen pool which might give way under you , the author , at any time .
But as I have said , the search for the truth can never stop .
It can not be adjourned , it can not be postponed .
It has to be faced , right there , on the spot .
Political theatre presents an entirely different set of problems .
Sermonising has to be avoided at all cost .
Objectivity is essential .
The characters must be allowed to breathe their own air .
The author cannot confine and constrict them to satisfy his own taste or disposition or prejudice .
He must be prepared to approach them from a variety of angles , from a full and uninhibited range of perspectives , take them by surprise , perhaps , occasionally , but nevertheless give them the freedom to go which way they will .
This does not always work .
And political satire , of course , adheres to none of these precepts , in fact does precisely the opposite , which is its proper function .
In my play The Birthday Party I think I allow a whole range of options to operate in a dense forest of possibility before finally focussing on an act of subjugation .
Mountain Language pretends to no such range of operation .
It remains brutal , short and ugly .
But the soldiers in the play do get some fun out of it .
One sometimes forgets that torturers become easily bored .
They need a bit of a laugh to keep their spirits up .
This has been confirmed of course by the events at Abu Ghraib in Baghdad .
Mountain Language lasts only 20 minutes , but it could go on for hour after hour , on and on and on , the same pattern repeated over and over again , on and on , hour after hour .
Ashes to Ashes , on the other hand , seems to me to be taking place under water .
A drowning woman , her hand reaching up through the waves , dropping down out of sight , reaching for others , but finding nobody there , either above or under the water , finding only shadows , reflections , floating ; the woman a lost figure in a drowning landscape , a woman unable to escape the doom that seemed to belong only to others .
But as they died , she must die too .
Political language , as used by politicians , does not venture into any of this territory since the majority of politicians , on the evidence available to us , are interested not in truth but in power and in the maintenance of that power .
To maintain that power it is essential that people remain in ignorance , that they live in ignorance of the truth , even the truth of their own lives .
What surrounds us therefore is a vast tapestry of lies , upon which we feed .
As every single person here knows , the justification for the invasion of Iraq was that Saddam Hussein possessed a highly dangerous body of weapons of mass destruction , some of which could be fired in 45 minutes , bringing about appalling devastation .
We were assured that was true .
It was not true .
We were told that Iraq had a relationship with Al Quaeda and shared responsibility for the atrocity in New York of September 11th 2001 .
We were assured that this was true .
It was not true .
We were told that Iraq threatened the security of the world .
We were assured it was true .
It was not true .
The truth is something entirely different .
The truth is to do with how the United States understands its role in the world and how it chooses to embody it .
But before I come back to the present I would like to look at the recent past , by which I mean United States foreign policy since the end of the Second World War .
I believe it is obligatory upon us to subject this period to at least some kind of even limited scrutiny , which is all that time will allow here .
Everyone knows what happened in the Soviet Union and throughout Eastern Europe during the post - war period : the systematic brutality , the widespread atrocities , the ruthless suppression of independent thought .
All this has been fully documented and verified .
But my contention here is that the US crimes in the same period have only been superficially recorded , let alone documented , let alone acknowledged , let alone recognised as crimes at all .
I believe this must be addressed and that the truth has considerable bearing on where the world stands now .
Although constrained , to a certain extent , by the existence of the Soviet Union , the United States ’ actions throughout the world made it clear that it had concluded it had carte blanche to do what it liked .
Direct invasion of a sovereign state has never in fact been America ’s favoured method .
In the main , it has preferred what it has described as ‘ low intensity conflict ’ .
Low intensity conflict means that thousands of people die but slower than if you dropped a bomb on them in one fell swoop .
It means that you infect the heart of the country , that you establish a malignant growth and watch the gangrene bloom .
When the populace has been subdued – or beaten to death – the same thing – and your own friends , the military and the great corporations , sit comfortably in power , you go before the camera and say that democracy has prevailed .
This was a commonplace in US foreign policy in the years to which I refer .
The tragedy of Nicaragua was a highly significant case .
I choose to offer it here as a potent example of America ’s view of its role in the world , both then and now .
I was present at a meeting at the US embassy in London in the late 1980s .
The United States Congress was about to decide whether to give more money to the Contras in their campaign against the state of Nicaragua .
I was a member of a delegation speaking on behalf of Nicaragua but the most important member of this delegation was a Father John Metcalf .
The leader of the US body was Raymond Seitz ( then number two to the ambassador , later ambassador himself ) .
Father Metcalf said : ‘ Sir , I am in charge of a parish in the north of Nicaragua .
My parishioners built a school , a health centre , a cultural centre .
We have lived in peace .
A few months ago a Contra force attacked the parish .
They destroyed everything : the school , the health centre , the cultural centre .
They raped nurses and teachers , slaughtered doctors , in the most brutal manner .
They behaved like savages .
Please demand that the US government withdraw its support from this shocking terrorist activity . ’
Raymond Seitz had a very good reputation as a rational , responsible and highly sophisticated man .
He was greatly respected in diplomatic circles .
He listened , paused and then spoke with some gravity .
‘ Father , ’ he said , ‘ let me tell you something .
In war , innocent people always suffer . ’
There was a frozen silence .
We stared at him .
He did not flinch .
Innocent people , indeed , always suffer .
Finally somebody said : ‘ But in this case “ innocent people ” were the victims of a gruesome atrocity subsidised by your government , one among many .
If Congress allows the Contras more money further atrocities of this kind will take place .
Is this not the case ?
Is your government not therefore guilty of supporting acts of murder and destruction upon the citizens of a sovereign state ? ’
Seitz was imperturbable .
‘ I do n’t agree that the facts as presented support your assertions , ’ he said .
As we were leaving the Embassy a US aide told me that he enjoyed my plays .
I did not reply .
I should remind you that at the time President Reagan made the following statement : ‘ The Contras are the moral equivalent of our Founding Fathers . ’
The United States supported the brutal Somoza dictatorship in Nicaragua for over 40 years .
The Nicaraguan people , led by the Sandinistas , overthrew this regime in 1979 , a breathtaking popular revolution .
The Sandinistas were n’t perfect .
They possessed their fair share of arrogance and their political philosophy contained a number of contradictory elements .
But they were intelligent , rational and civilised .
They set out to establish a stable , decent , pluralistic society .
The death penalty was abolished .
Hundreds of thousands of poverty - stricken peasants were brought back from the dead .
Over 100,000 families were given title to land .
Two thousand schools were built .
A quite remarkable literacy campaign reduced illiteracy in the country to less than one seventh .
Free education was established and a free health service .
Infant mortality was reduced by a third .
Polio was eradicated .
The United States denounced these achievements as Marxist / Leninist subversion .
In the view of the US government , a dangerous example was being set .
If Nicaragua was allowed to establish basic norms of social and economic justice , if it was allowed to raise the standards of health care and education and achieve social unity and national self respect , neighbouring countries would ask the same questions and do the same things .
There was of course at the time fierce resistance to the status quo in El Salvador .
I spoke earlier about ‘ a tapestry of lies ’ which surrounds us .
President Reagan commonly described Nicaragua as a ‘ totalitarian dungeon ’ .
This was taken generally by the media , and certainly by the British government , as accurate and fair comment .
But there was in fact no record of death squads under the Sandinista government .
There was no record of torture .
There was no record of systematic or official military brutality .
No priests were ever murdered in Nicaragua .
There were in fact three priests in the government , two Jesuits and a Maryknoll missionary .
The totalitarian dungeons were actually next door , in El Salvador and Guatemala .
The United States had brought down the democratically elected government of Guatemala in 1954 and it is estimated that over 200,000 people had been victims of successive military dictatorships .
Six of the most distinguished Jesuits in the world were viciously murdered at the Central American University in San Salvador in 1989 by a battalion of the Alcatl regiment trained at Fort Benning , Georgia , USA .
That extremely brave man Archbishop Romero was assassinated while saying mass .
It is estimated that 75,000 people died .
Why were they killed ?
They were killed because they believed a better life was possible and should be achieved .
That belief immediately qualified them as communists .
They died because they dared to question the status quo , the endless plateau of poverty , disease , degradation and oppression , which had been their birthright .
The United States finally brought down the Sandinista government .
It took some years and considerable resistance but relentless economic persecution and 30,000 dead finally undermined the spirit of the Nicaraguan people .
They were exhausted and poverty stricken once again .
The casinos moved back into the country .
Free health and free education were over .
Big business returned with a vengeance .
‘ Democracy ’ had prevailed .
But this ‘ policy ’ was by no means restricted to Central America .
It was conducted throughout the world .
It was never - ending .
And it is as if it never happened .
The United States supported and in many cases engendered every right wing military dictatorship in the world after the end of the Second World War .
I refer to Indonesia , Greece , Uruguay , Brazil , Paraguay , Haiti , Turkey , the Philippines , Guatemala , El Salvador , and , of course , Chile .
The horror the United States inflicted upon Chile in 1973 can never be purged and can never be forgiven .
Hundreds of thousands of deaths took place throughout these countries .
Did they take place ?
And are they in all cases attributable to US foreign policy ?
The answer is yes they did take place and they are attributable to American foreign policy .
But you would n’t know it .
It never happened .
Nothing ever happened .
Even while it was happening it was n’t happening .
It did n’t matter .
It was of no interest .
The crimes of the United States have been systematic , constant , vicious , remorseless , but very few people have actually talked about them .
You have to hand it to America .
It has exercised a quite clinical manipulation of power worldwide while masquerading as a force for universal good .
It ’s a brilliant , even witty , highly successful act of hypnosis .
I put to you that the United States is without doubt the greatest show on the road .
Brutal , indifferent , scornful and ruthless it may be but it is also very clever .
As a salesman it is out on its own and its most saleable commodity is self love .
It ’s a winner .
Listen to all American presidents on television say the words , ‘ the American people ’ , as in the sentence , ‘ I say to the American people it is time to pray and to defend the rights of the American people and I ask the American people to trust their president in the action he is about to take on behalf of the American people . ’
It ’s a scintillating stratagem .
Language is actually employed to keep thought at bay .
The words ‘ the American people ’ provide a truly voluptuous cushion of reassurance .
You do n’t need to think .
Just lie back on the cushion .
The cushion may be suffocating your intelligence and your critical faculties but it ’s very comfortable .
This does not apply of course to the 40 million people living below the poverty line and the 2 million men and women imprisoned in the vast gulag of prisons , which extends across the US .
The United States no longer bothers about low intensity conflict .
It no longer sees any point in being reticent or even devious .
It puts its cards on the table without fear or favour .
It quite simply does n’t give a damn about the United Nations , international law or critical dissent , which it regards as impotent and irrelevant .
It also has its own bleating little lamb tagging behind it on a lead , the pathetic and supine Great Britain .
What has happened to our moral sensibility ?
Did we ever have any ?
What do these words mean ?
Do they refer to a term very rarely employed these days – conscience ?
A conscience to do not only with our own acts but to do with our shared responsibility in the acts of others ?
Is all this dead ?
Look at Guantanamo Bay .
Hundreds of people detained without charge for over three years , with no legal representation or due process , technically detained forever .
This totally illegitimate structure is maintained in defiance of the Geneva Convention .
It is not only tolerated but hardly thought about by what ’s called the ‘ international community ’ .
This criminal outrage is being committed by a country , which declares itself to be ‘ the leader of the free world ’ .
Do we think about the inhabitants of Guantanamo Bay ?
What does the media say about them ?
They pop up occasionally – a small item on page six .
They have been consigned to a no man ’s land from which indeed they may never return .
At present many are on hunger strike , being force - fed , including British residents .
No niceties in these force - feeding procedures .
No sedative or anaesthetic .
Just a tube stuck up your nose and into your throat .
You vomit blood .
This is torture .
What has the British Foreign Secretary said about this ?
Nothing .
What has the British Prime Minister said about this ?
Nothing .
Why not ?
Because the United States has said : to criticise our conduct in Guantanamo Bay constitutes an unfriendly act .
You ’re either with us or against us .
So Blair shuts up .
The invasion of Iraq was a bandit act , an act of blatant state terrorism , demonstrating absolute contempt for the concept of international law .
The invasion was an arbitrary military action inspired by a series of lies upon lies and gross manipulation of the media and therefore of the public ; an act intended to consolidate American military and economic control of the Middle East masquerading – as a last resort – all other justifications having failed to justify themselves – as liberation .
A formidable assertion of military force responsible for the death and mutilation of thousands and thousands of innocent people .
We have brought torture , cluster bombs , depleted uranium , innumerable acts of random murder , misery , degradation and death to the Iraqi people and call it ‘ bringing freedom and democracy to the Middle East ’ .
How many people do you have to kill before you qualify to be described as a mass murderer and a war criminal ?
One hundred thousand ?
More than enough , I would have thought .
Therefore it is just that Bush and Blair be arraigned before the International Criminal Court of Justice .
But Bush has been clever .
He has not ratified the International Criminal Court of Justice .
Therefore if any American soldier or for that matter politician finds himself in the dock Bush has warned that he will send in the marines .
But Tony Blair has ratified the Court and is therefore available for prosecution .
We can let the Court have his address if they ’re interested .
It is Number 10 , Downing Street , London .
Death in this context is irrelevant .
Both Bush and Blair place death well away on the back burner .
At least 100,000 Iraqis were killed by American bombs and missiles before the Iraq insurgency began .
These people are of no moment .
Their deaths do n’t exist .
They are blank .
They are not even recorded as being dead .
‘ We do n’t do body counts , ’ said the American general Tommy Franks .
Early in the invasion there was a photograph published on the front page of British newspapers of Tony Blair kissing the cheek of a little Iraqi boy .
‘ A grateful child , ’ said the caption .
A few days later there was a story and photograph , on an inside page , of another four - year - old boy with no arms .
His family had been blown up by a missile .
He was the only survivor .
‘ When do I get my arms back ? ’ he asked .
The story was dropped .
Well , Tony Blair was n’t holding him in his arms , nor the body of any other mutilated child , nor the body of any bloody corpse .
Blood is dirty .
It dirties your shirt and tie when you ’re making a sincere speech on television .
The 2,000 American dead are an embarrassment .
They are transported to their graves in the dark .
Funerals are unobtrusive , out of harm ’s way .
The mutilated rot in their beds , some for the rest of their lives .
So the dead and the mutilated both rot , in different kinds of graves .
Here is an extract from a poem by Pablo Neruda , ‘ I ’m Explaining a Few Things ’ :
And one morning all that was burning ,
one morning the bonfires
leapt out of the earth
devouring human beings
and from then on fire ,
gunpowder from then on ,
and from then on blood .
Bandits with planes and Moors ,
bandits with finger - rings and duchesses ,
bandits with black friars spattering blessings
came through the sky to kill children
and the blood of children ran through the streets
without fuss , like children ’s blood .
Jackals that the jackals would despise
stones that the dry thistle would bite on and spit out ,
vipers that the vipers would abominate .
Face to face with you I have seen the blood
of Spain tower like a tide
to drown you in one wave
of pride and knives .
Treacherous
generals :
see my dead house ,
look at broken Spain :
from every house burning metal flows
instead of flowers
from every socket of Spain
Spain emerges
and from every dead child a rifle with eyes
and from every crime bullets are born
which will one day find
the bull ’s eye of your hearts .
And you will ask : why does n’t his poetry
speak of dreams and leaves
and the great volcanoes of his native land .
Come and see the blood in the streets .
Come and see
the blood in the streets .
Come and see the blood
in the streets !*
Let me make it quite clear that in quoting from Neruda ’s poem I am in no way comparing Republican Spain to Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq .
I quote Neruda because nowhere in contemporary poetry have I read such a powerful visceral description of the bombing of civilians .
I have said earlier that the United States is now totally frank about putting its cards on the table .
That is the case .
Its official declared policy is now defined as ‘ full spectrum dominance ’ .
That is not my term , it is theirs .
‘ Full spectrum dominance ’ means control of land , sea , air and space and all attendant resources .
The United States now occupies 702 military installations throughout the world in 132 countries , with the honourable exception of Sweden , of course .
We do n’t quite know how they got there but they are there all right .
The United States possesses 8,000 active and operational nuclear warheads .
Two thousand are on hair trigger alert , ready to be launched with 15 minutes warning .
It is developing new systems of nuclear force , known as bunker busters .
The British , ever cooperative , are intending to replace their own nuclear missile , Trident .
Who , I wonder , are they aiming at ?
Osama bin Laden ?
You ?
Me? Joe Dokes ?
China ?
Paris ?
Who knows ?
What we do know is that this infantile insanity – the possession and threatened use of nuclear weapons – is at the heart of present American political philosophy .
We must remind ourselves that the United States is on a permanent military footing and shows no sign of relaxing it .
Many thousands , if not millions , of people in the United States itself are demonstrably sickened , shamed and angered by their government ’s actions , but as things stand they are not a coherent political force – yet .
But the anxiety , uncertainty and fear which we can see growing daily in the United States is unlikely to diminish .
I know that President Bush has many extremely competent speech writers but I would like to volunteer for the job myself .
I propose the following short address which he can make on television to the nation .
I see him grave , hair carefully combed , serious , winning , sincere , often beguiling , sometimes employing a wry smile , curiously attractive , a man ’s man .
‘ God is good .
God is great .
God is good .
My God is good .
Bin Laden ’s
God is bad .
His is a bad God.
Saddam ’s
God was bad , except he did n’t have one .
He was a barbarian .
We are not barbarians .
We do n’t chop people ’s heads off .
We believe in freedom .
So does God .
I am not a barbarian .
I am the democratically elected leader of a freedom - loving democracy .
We are a compassionate society .
We give compassionate electrocution and compassionate lethal injection .
We are a great nation .
I am not a dictator .
He is .
I am not a barbarian .
He is .
And he is .
They all are .
I possess moral authority .
You see this fist ?
This is my moral authority .
And do n’t you forget it . ’
A writer ’s life is a highly vulnerable , almost naked activity .
We do n’t have to weep about that .
The writer makes his choice and is stuck with it .
But it is true to say that you are open to all the winds , some of them icy indeed .
You are out on your own , out on a limb .
You find no shelter , no protection – unless you lie – in which case of course you have constructed your own protection and , it could be argued , become a politician .
I have referred to death quite a few times this evening .
I shall now quote a poem of my own called ‘ Death ’ .
Where was the dead body found ?
Who found the dead body ?
Was the dead body dead when found ?
How was the dead body found ?
Who was the dead body ?
Who was the father or daughter or brother
Or uncle or sister or mother or son
Of the dead and abandoned body ?
Was the body dead when abandoned ?
Was the body abandoned ?
By whom had it been abandoned ?
Was the dead body naked or dressed for a journey ?
What made you declare the dead body dead ?
Did you declare the dead body dead ?
How well did you know the dead body ?
How did you know the dead body was dead ?
Did you wash the dead body
Did you close both its eyes
Did you bury the body
Did you leave it abandoned
Did you kiss the dead body
When we look into a mirror we think the image that confronts us is accurate .
But move a millimetre and the image changes .
We are actually looking at a never - ending range of reflections .
But sometimes a writer has to smash the mirror – for it is on the other side of that mirror that the truth stares at us .
I believe that despite the enormous odds which exist , unflinching , unswerving , fierce intellectual determination , as citizens , to define the real truth of our lives and our societies is a crucial obligation which devolves upon us all .
It is in fact mandatory .
If such a determination is not embodied in our political vision we have no hope of restoring what is so nearly lost to us – the dignity of man .
* Extract from “ I ’m Explaining a Few Things ” translated by Nathaniel Tarn , from Pablo Neruda : Selected Poems , published by Jonathan Cape , London 1970 .
Used by permission of The Random House Group Limited .
Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 2005
To cite this section
MLA style : Harold Pinter – Nobel Lecture . NobelPrize.org .
Nobel Media AB 2020 .
Tue. 29 Sep 2020 .
< https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/literature/2005/pinter/25621-harold-pinter-nobel-lecture-2005/>
A Memorable , Yet Frugal , Thanksgiving
A memorable Thanksgiving does n’t have to break the bank .
It ’s November already , and Thanksgiving is right around the corner .
If you ’re like me , you will be hosting your family this year .
I love hosting Thanksgiving dinner , but if I do n’t watch it , the expenses quickly add up .
Here are some tips for a frugal , relaxed , and memorable Thanksgiving .
Plan Ahead
The time to start shopping for Thanksgiving dinner is now .
In the weeks leading up to Thanksgiving , you ’ll be seeing sales and coupons for many traditional Thanksgiving foods .
Clip those coupons and match them with sales to get the best deals .
And when it comes to buying a Turkey , plan to buy it when you do your weekly grocery shopping .
Most grocery stores run specials where you can get an inexpensive turkey , if you spend $ 50 or more .
It ’s a great deal , if you ’re already doing your weekly shopping .
It ’s not a great deal , if you buy $ 50 worth of stuff you do n’t need , just to get the deal on the turkey .
By spending a little bit of money each week leading up to Thanksgiving , you wo n’t be hit with the huge Thanksgiving grocery bill at the end of the month .
Focus on Relationships
Good food on Thanksgiving is an important part of the day , but try to make your focus on enjoying each other ’s company .
Participate in traditions that build your family and your relationships , yet do n’t cost a lot of money .
My favorite Thanksgiving tradition is our Thanksgiving journal .
Each year , everyone who attends our Thanksgiving dinner has to write down what they ’re thankful for in our journal .
It ’s fun to look back and remember the things we were Thankful for in years past .
And in the future , our children will be able to enjoy the written thoughts of their grandparents .
Other frugal , yet meaningful traditions are going around the table and telling everyone what you ’re thankful for or having everyone sign the Thanksgiving tablecloth in permanent ink .
These traditions will provide memories that last far beyond Thanksgiving leftovers .
Prepare Your Meal in Advance
I love cooking Thanksgiving dinner , but I do n’t like to miss out on all the visiting that takes place on Thanksgiving day .
My solution is to make as much ahead of time as possible .
The night before Thanksgiving , my meal is pretty much all prepared and in casserole dishes in the refrigerator .
On Thanksgiving day , I cook the turkey , and then warm up the side dishes as the turkey is resting and being carved .
Some great make - ahead recipes are :
With a little planning , you can have a frugal Thanksgiving that you ’ll remember fondly for many years to come .
What is your favorite Thanksgiving tradition ?
PC manufacturer Lenovo have today announced plans for an extra security measure to be introduced on certain models of their Thinkpad notebooks .
The technology is rather basic but gives users peace of mind about their personal files and data , enabling users to disable their notebook via a mobile phone text message should it ever get snatched .
To activate the Lockdown PC feature , you would simply TXT a pre-defined kill command of your own choosing , such as “ PC Shut Down ” or “ Lock Out That F** king Thief ” and your laptop will be disabled .
A confirmation message is sent back to you also .
It should be noted that this feature will only work if your WWAN - enabled laptop is within range of a cellular network .
If not …too bad .
The other issue is the ease of which the lock - out feature could be disabled if it relies on a removable wireless broadband receiver or even a SIM .
There ’s also the issue that Engadget pointed out , that a thief may be able to trace your paired phone and hunt you down for the reactivation code .
No one needs that .
Full Press Release Below :
“ Lockdown PC Now . ” Lenovo Locks Out Thieves from ThinkPad Notebook PCs RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK , NC – November 25 , 2008 : Lenovo today announced plans to bring customers a new security defense against unauthorized data access on Lenovo ThinkPad notebooks .
The Lenovo Constant Secure Remote Disable feature lets users send a simple text message command via a cell phone to render their PC useless to unauthorized users when the notebook is lost or stolen .
Lenovo worked with Phoenix Technologies ( Nasdaq : PTEC ) , a leader in embedded technologies that improve the user experience , to develop this capability .
Lenovo ’s Remote Disable feature will be available on select ThinkPad notebooks equipped with mobile broadband1 starting in 1Q 2009 .
According to the 2008 CSI Computer Crime and Security Survey2 , 42 percent of computer attacks and incidents among U.S. organizations in both private and public sectors occurred as a result of notebook PC theft .
Lenovo ’s new Remote Disable dramatically enhances the security of a lost or stolen ThinkPad notebook PC by speeding up the time it takes to lock the PC , helping to prevent unauthorized access to the computer ’s data .
To activate Remote Disable , users create a simple text message command such as “ lockdown PC now ” or “ PC shut off ” that can be used if a notebook PC is lost or stolen .
A user sends the kill command to the ThinkPad notebook via cell phone to the PC ’s onboard mobile broadband service and the computer becomes inoperable3 .
If the PC is turned off when a user sends a kill command , the PC will automatically disable the next time someone turns it on .
Users also receive a confirmation text message that validates when the Remote Disable technology has been successfully executed .
To reactivate the disabled PC , a user enters his or her pre-set passcode created during notebook startup .
“ Remote Disable dramatically reduces the anxiety and waiting people often experience when they ’ve been the victim of a lost or stolen notebook PC , ” said Bob Galush , vice president , Software and Peripherals Marketing , Lenovo . ”
Through our work with Phoenix , we are able to reduce customers ’ security risks and potential exposure of their confidential data when their ThinkPad notebook is lost or stolen .
Combined with features like built - in biometric fingerprint readers , full hard drive encryption and embedded security chips , Lenovo ThinkPad notebooks offer the latest industry - leading PC security technologies . ”
Pricing and Availability Lenovo ’s Remote Disable is included in the price of the notebook at no additional charge .
It will be available 1Q 2009 on select ThinkPad notebooks that are enabled for mobile broadband1 .
Remote Disable will be supported worldwide wherever cellular phone systems support GSM ( Global System for Mobile communications ) SMS ( Short Message Service ) text message transmission .
Sources :
Engadget and Crave
This one speaks for itself ... a senior citizen church choir singing rap songs .
" It 's getting hot in here , so take off all your robes . "
No wait , STOP , you 're old .
Many thanks to M.T.O. for the find .
Hillarious anti-pot commercial that aired on American national TV in the 1970's
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Adobe Photoshop is the tool of choice for most web designers .
From creating a website template to objects and components such as content boxes and buttons , Photoshop does n’t fail to deliver .
In this collection , you ’ll find 25 excellent Photoshop tutorials geared towards web designers .
You ’ll find a variety of tutorials that include creating full web page templates , navigation menus , headers , and content boxes .
Templates
Photoshop Paper Texture from Scratch
How to Create a Grunge Web Design
Create a Sleek , High - End Web Design from Scratch
Design an Awesome Band Website Template
Designing a CSS based template ( Part II , Part III )
Create a Dark Themed Web Design from Scratch
Navigation and Search
Glossy - Style Carbon Fibre Navigation Buttons
CSS Menu With Icons
Content Box with Orange Banner Heading
Modern Web Search Bar
Header
Professional Dark Header
Pro Header With Picture and Navigation
Header Backgrounds
Design a Unique Header
Design Studio Header
Professional Header Design
Content Boxes
Create a Latest Tweets Box
Light Tabbed Content Box
Create a Dark Content Box with Glowing Navigation
Greenish & fresh content box design
Designing a Unique Bookmark Box
Creating a Grungy Banner
Missed a favorite of yours ?
If you know of a good Photoshop tutorial for web designers – why do n’t you share it with all of us in the comments .
Related Content
The Labor Party ’s " Plan for Cyber Safety " is much like the itsy bitsy spider trying to climb the water spout .
It popped out on a sunny day five days prior to the Federal election , got washed away with the first drops of public criticism , and crawled back into its hole to regroup .
Once the rain had cleared , it attempted the climb again .
Right now , public outrage is raining pretty hard on the proposed policy .
The original " Plan for Cyber Safety " , released during last year ’s election campaign , said that a Labor Government would :
" Provide a mandatory clean feed internet service for all homes , schools and public computers that are used by Australian children .
Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) will filter out content that is identified as prohibited by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) .
The ACMA ‘ blacklist ’ will be made more comprehensive to ensure that children are protected from harmful and inappropriate online material . "
When the Rudd Government came to power , Senator Stephen Conroy was appointed the super - human task of delivering this policy .
Now , one year later , a thorough search of Conroy ’s website reveals no mention of the plan .
The closest indication it is possible to get of the Government ’s current thinking on " cyber safety " is in the transcript of the Estimates hearing of the Senate Standing Committee on the Environment Communication and the Arts from Monday 20 October , when Greens Senator Scott Ludlam questioned Conroy on the types of content that would be blocked by the system .
This was what the Minister said :
" We are talking about mandatory blocking , where possible , of illegal material … we are enforcing current law and ACMA determine this based on existing law … so you can have a chat with them about how they go determining it .
But the general sort of stuff that we are talking about is child porn and they are the sorts of sites we are targeting .
We do not believe that you should be able to opt in to child porn .
I am sure you do not either . "
Child pornography has been the Minister ’s default response whenever he has been challenged on the need for a mandatory filter .
Of course , laws already exist against the production and use of child pornography .
Expressing the frustration of many of the plan ’s critics , Ludlam asked Conroy during the same hearing : " I am just wondering if I can put these questions to you without being accused of being pro-child pornography ? "
Conroy ’s response : " I was wondering if I could get the questions without being accused of being the Great Wall of China . "
During question time on 11 September , Ludlam also managed to get this piece of information out of the Minister :
" The pilot will test filtering specifically against the ACMA blacklist of internet prohibited content , which is mostly child pornography , as well as filtering of other unwanted content " ( my italics ) .
What then is " illegal " or " unwanted " content ?
What is currently on the ACMA blacklist and what may be put on the blacklist in the future ?
The definition of what is illegal is dealt with under the Broadcasting Services
Act by use of the terms " prohibited content " and " potential prohibited content " .
On the internet , prohibited content is that which has been classified RC or X 18 + by the Classification Board ; or content that has been classified R 18 + by the Classification Board but where access to the content is not subject to a " restricted access system " ( that is , a site that you can access without being advised of its content and confirming by a click - through that you are over 18 years of age ) .
Potential prohibited content is content that has not been classified by the Classification Board but that if it were , there is a substantial likelihood that it would be prohibited content .
The next part of the puzzle that Senator Conroy seems reluctant to explain is that some significant changes were made to the Broadcasting Services Act ( contained in the Communications Legislation Amendment ( Content Services ) Act 2007 ) that came into effect on 20 January 2008 , which affect how prohibited content and potential prohibited content is dealt with for Australian - hosted sites versus those that are hosted overseas .
The dark secret wrapped up in the Senator ’s finely spun web is that the scope of illegal overseas - hosted content has significantly broadened .
Prior to 20 January , potential prohibited content hosted overseas was only content that was potentially RC and X18 + — it did not include content that was potentially R18 + .
So this means that in Senator Conroy ’s terms " illegal " , " unwanted " and most significantly " other unwanted content " to which mandatory ISP filtering may apply includes potentially R18 + content that is not subject to a restricted access system .
We are talking here about R18 + content from overseas that is legal for adults in Australia offline but is termed prohibited content when on the internet .
Does the lack of any reference to these recent amendments on the Department ’s or Senator Conroy ’s websites indicate that they are oblivious to them — or are they just hoping no one will notice ?
What is of equal concern is the lack of safeguards against how the ACMA will determine what in its reasonable opinion is likely to be RC , X18 + or R18 + .
For content that is hosted in Australia , the mechanism for regulation by ACMA is through complaint and a take - down notice .
If the person hosting the content disputes the notice they are entitled to apply to the Classification Board with rights of appeal to the Classification Review Board .
The administration of this system by ACMA is conducted in strictest confidence and it is impossible to know precisely what has been taken down — but at least the person hosting that content gets a chance to argue their case .
Contrast the mechanism for dealing with overseas - hosted content , whereby ACMA refers it to the police if " sufficiently serious " and notifies the ( currently voluntary ) ISP filterers to update their filters to include this content .
The person hosting the content will have no notice of it being filtered , however , and will not know it is being censored in Australia .
In the case of child pornography this is fine , but we are dealing here with X18 + , which is legal in the ACT in videos and magazines , and R18 + content that simply has no access system but which is otherwise legal for adults anywhere in Australia .
The question then of what Conroy means when he says he is considering mandatory filtering of " mostly child pornography as well as filtering of other unwanted content " needs to be urgently addressed .
Until we know more , it is safe to assume that Senator Conroy ’s mandatory ISP filtering proposal will place the decision of what we see and hear into the hands of the employees of ACMA .
We will not know who made the decision , what the content was that was deemed to be potentially prohibited , and no one other than ACMA and the ISP will have any right to know or right of review .
And yet he wonders why comparisons are made to the great ( fire ) wall of China .
My hope is that Conroy will wait until the report on ISP filtering tests comes out , bow his head in pragmatic resignation to the regrettable limits of technology , drop mandatory filtering entirely and begin again to ascend the political water spout .
My fear is that he will persist and attempt to apply substantial indiscriminate blocking of overseas content on the internet .
The problem is that the course of action he takes is more likely to be driven by his reckoning of the numbers on the floor of the Senate than his reading of the report .
Nature has shown us it takes eight legs and as many eyes to build and manage a common garden web .
Only Tim Berners
Lee could know what it would take to manage the world wide web .
I have a feeling Senator Conroy is less concerned about the world wide web than about doing whatever he can to avoid getting caught in the web that he is spinning .
The author would like to thank Irene Graham for the substantial information on her website libertus .
net and her assistance with this article .
While every attempt is made to ensure that the content presented are accurate , the information provided on this site is for entertainment and informational purposes only .
Please do not mistaken the written content as a replacement of financial advice , as your individual circumstances may differ from general situations .
In addition , please also review our privacy policy
Under rightwing and leftwing governments alike , India has prided itself on its status as the world 's largest democracy .
Civic freedoms , an independent judiciary , and basic political rights for citizens are part of that promise .
But in India and far too many other democracies , rights that are arguably even more basic – to be who you are , to live freely in your body , even to call yourself a citizen if society despises you – are a different matter .
Early on October 20 , Bangalore police arrested five hijras – a traditional cultural identity for working - class transgender people who , born as men , identify as women .
Such arrests are sadly routine .
Throughout India , many hijras cannot get identity papers : the state will not let them change their legal sex and denies them IDs if their appearance does not match their birth gender .
As a result , they often cannot work , go to school , find jobs , vote , or even move around freely .
Social prejudice against " men " or " women " who are not " masculine " or " feminine " enough makes them ready victims of violence .
Denied viable opportunities for work , hijras are forced to resort to begging or demanding goodwill funds during marriage or birth celebrations .
That way of life has been part of several regional Indian cultures , where blessings of a hijra were considered a good omen .
But as these traditions erode , many hijras have had to survive as street beggars or sex workers .
In both cases , police slap them with fines , jail them , sometimes physically or sexually abuse them .
But on October 20 , the five hijras , who were apparently begging but not soliciting sex , were charged with " extortion " – a crime which , unlike begging , allowed the police to hold them without bail .
In India 's vibrant civil society , a growing number of NGOs support the sexually – as well as politically and economically – disenfranchised .
A crisis intervention team from the Bangalore - based organisation Sangama , which works to protect and advance the rights of sexual minorities , arrived at the police station to help .
The group is trained to assist hijras in fending off barrages of minor charges .
But this time , the police jailed the five members of the crisis intervention team as well , beating and sexually abusing some of them .
The situation escalated after about 150 activists from a wide range of social movements – lesbian and gay , hijras , feminists , trade union leaders , Dalit activists – gathered outside the station for a peaceful protest .
The police invited six of them into the station , ostensibly for a dialogue , then arrested them .
Two women among them were sexually assaulted , one of them kicked and beaten by a police inspector when she demanded he not touch her breasts .
However , none of the six were charged .
In conversations with Human Rights Watch , one of the activists said that this points towards the distinct class prejudice at work in such instances of abuse .
" The police obviously thought that we were the ' leaders ' of the organisation , so they did n't charge us whereas they thought the others were just workers and they could treat them worse . "
Meanwhile , police attacked the protesters outside the station , charging them with batons .
They rounded up 31 of them , beat them , threw them into a police van , and drove them away .
They were held without food or water for almost 18 hours .
At the height of the police violence , 60 police personnel stood guard over the 31 activists .
Eventually , the hijras and the human rights defenders were freed , though many still face charges that include " unlawful assembly " and " rioting . "
The press reported – and police confirmed to the activists they arrested – that this was the start of a drive by local authorities to contain what they called the " eunuch menace " , citing public complaints against hijras as justification .
A police official told one jailed activist who demanded an end to the violence and the human rights abuses : " Yes , this is human rights violations , so what ?
Stop us if you can . "
The poor and disempowered are no " menace " .
But prejudice is .
Indian democracy is still riven , and endangered , by deep divisions .
These shocking arrests show how people whose bodies and sexualities put them beyond the pale of social norms are effectively without rights in the eyes of the police .
The violence also shows , though , how anyone who defends sexual rights can also become a target of abuse , arrest , and , in some cases , sexual violence .
The High Court in Delhi is in the last stages of deciding a challenge to Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code .
This law , a British colonial invention , criminalises " carnal intercourse against the order of nature " .
Human rights activists want it reinterpreted to end the criminalisation of adult , consensual homosexual conduct .
Casting off that regressive colonial burden is crucial .
But the events in Bangalore – the splashy city that is the showcase of India 's capitalist modernisation – reveal other burdens , some modified from the colonial era , that still weigh on the country .
One is the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act of 1956 , passed following independent India 's ratification of a 1950 international convention , which can be traced back to the colonial - era Contagious Diseases Act .
The 1956 law gives police wide leeway to arrest and abuse sex workers , and it has been used against HIV outreach workers and others who behave in ways authorities simply do not like .
Contemporary anti-begging laws are a throwback on colonial " vagrancy " laws , which gave colonial officials power to control the " natives " .
Now they serve to keep an underclass in subjection and fear .
More crucially , though , the divisions of poverty still weigh on the country .
And poverty and the effects of prejudice reinforce and intensify each other .
People who already face discrimination and hatred , including many sexual minorities , remain shut out from the promise of prosperity from the establishment of call centres and high - tech firms in Bangalore .
What prosperity has resulted has not trickled down to the lower classes among the despised and disenfranchised .
The Bangalore violence is a ringing challenge to Indian authorities , a reminder that democratic institutions are no cause for self - congratulation if their doors are closed to many who need them .
" Stop us if you can , " the police told the human rights defenders they arrested and abused .
India 's democracy must address all the intersecting forms of economic , political , and prejudicial exclusion that lead to such a slap in its face –otherwise the violence will not stop .
Dipika Nath has a doctoral degree in feminist studies and works as a researcher in the LGBT rights programme at Human Rights Watch .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks rallied Monday as investors welcomed President - elect Barack Obama 's plan to create jobs and revive the economy , and reports that government help for the automakers is on the way .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) jumped 298 points , or 3.5 % .
During the session , the Dow gained as much as 391 points and topped 9,000 for the first time in a month .
The Dow has risen in nine of the last 11 sessions .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 ( SPX ) index added 3.8 % and the Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) gained 4.1 % .
" We 're in a very unsettled period where people 's opinions swing between hope and fear on very little news , " said Ken Kam , portfolio manager of the Masters 100 ( MOFQX ) Fund .
" Right now we are seeing the impact of the hope that maybe the worst is over . "
Over the weekend , Obama outlined plans to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 through repairing roads and bridges , modernizing schools and making public buildings more energy efficient , among other initiatives .
Additionally , the White House said a deal to help the automakers is near .
The Bush administration is reportedly considering a Congressional plan that would make up to $ 15 billion in loans available as soon as Dec. 15 .
Stocks surged Friday , erasing morning losses after a brutal November employment report , as investors extended the recent trend of buying despite bad news .
That turnaround was key , said Dave Hinnenkamp , CEO at KDV Wealth Management .
" We had bad news and the market rallied anyway . "
That trend has been in place for the last few sessions and seemed to continue Monday , putting a floor under the stock market .
" The bottoming process is taking place , " Hinnenkamp said .
He said that the market has priced in a lot of gloomy news and that the lows hit in late November were significant .
Between closing at an all - time high on Oct. 9 , 2007 , and the recent closing low on Nov. 20 , the S&P 500 plunged 52 % .
As of Monday 's close , stocks have rallied 21 % off that November low .
While that trend is encouraging , markets are going to remain volatile for some time , with the economic news expected to get worse before it gets better .
Kam said that it 's too soon to see the recent upswing as anything other than a bear - market rally .
Nonetheless , it is still a positive development .
After the close , package delivery firm FedEx ( FDX , Fortune 500 ) warned that fiscal 2009 earnings wo n't meet earlier forecasts due to the impact of the slowing economy .
The company - seen as an indicator of the broader economy - also said that it sees second - quarter earnings hitting the high end of its previous forecast .
Shares lost 8 % in extended - hours trading .
Competitor UPS ( UPS , Fortune 500 ) slipped 5 % in sympathy .
Automakers : Reports first surfaced late Friday that Congress and the White House are working on a $ 15 billion to $ 17 billion loan package for the Big Three automakers .
The proposed loan is short of the $ 34 billion GM , Ford and Chrysler asked for last week , but would be enough to tide Detroit 's automakers over until at least the end of the first quarter of next year .
The idea is that this would give the new administration time to come up with a longer - term solution .
Meanwhile , President - elect Obama and others in Congress are suggesting a change at the top may be needed .
( Full story )
GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) shares gained 20.8 % , while Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) rose 24 % .
Obama on the economy : Investors also responded to the President - elect 's comments over the weekend .
Saying that America is facing a financial crisis that is going to get worse , the priority is to create a recovery plan that is equal to the task .
He told NBC 's " Meet the Press " that the priority will be to create an economic stimulus plan that is big enough to actually help the economy , even if it means expanding the deficit in the short term .
Company news : Dow Chemical said it will cut 5,000 full - time jobs , or around 11 % of its workforce , close 20 plants and sell several businesses to cut back amid the recession .
However , Dow ( DOW , Fortune 500 ) shares gained 7 % .
3M ( MMM , Fortune 500 ) , a Dow component , cut its 2008 profit outlook and also said 2009 results wo n't meet estimates .
Over the weekend , the company said it is cutting 1,800 staffers worldwide .
Shares lost 4 % .
Anheuser - Busch said it will cut 1,400 jobs , or about 6 % of its workforce , with most of the reductions due by the end of the year .
The maker of Bud was bought by Belgium 's InBev last month in a $ 52 billion deal .
Last week , AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and other companies announced more than 40,000 job cuts .
In other news , media company Tribune Co. has filed for bankruptcy protection , due to mounting debts .
Among other stock movers , financial shares jumped , including American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , JP Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) and Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) .
Dow stock Alcoa ( AA , Fortune 500 ) and other metal and mining stocks advanced along with the price of the underlying commodities .
Dow stock Caterpillar ( CAT , Fortune 500 ) rallied 10.9 % .
The heavy - equipment maker is one of the companies that would benefit from Obama 's infrastructure plan .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners beat losers by over three to one on volume of 1.74 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , advancers topped decliners by over five to two on volume of 2.35 billion shares .
Bonds : Treasury prices slipped , raising the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note to 2.74 % from 2.70 % late Friday .
The 10 - year yield dipped below 3 % last month for the first time since the note was first issued in 1962 .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
The yield on the 3 - month Treasury bill stood at 0.015 % , unchanged from late Friday and near the 68 - year low of zero hit last month .
The bill is seen as the safest place to put cash in the short term .
The low yield means investors would rather preserve cash despite little or no interest than risk it in the stock market .
Lending rates improved modestly .
The 3 - month Libor rate held steady at 2.19 % , unchanged from Friday , according to Bloomberg .
The overnight Libor fell to a record low of 0.19 % from 0.28 % Friday .
Libor is a key bank lending rate .
Other markets : Markets around the globe rallied on bets that world economies will continue to take steps to get their economies moving forward again .
In Asia , the Japanese Nikkei rallied 5.2 % and the Hong Kong Hang Seng gained 8.7 % .
In Europe , the London FTSE jumped 6.2 % .
The dollar declined versus the yen and gained against the euro .
U.S. light crude oil for January delivery rallied $ 2.90 to settle at $ 43.71 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , after ending the previous session at a four - year low .
COMEX gold for February delivery jumped $ 17.10 to settle at $ 769.30 an ounce .
Gasoline continued its fall to nearly four - year lows , with prices down 1.7 cents to a national average of $ 1.716 a gallon , according to a survey of credit - card swipes released Monday by motorist group AAA .
Prices have been sliding for 2 1/ 2 months and have dropped more than $ 2 a gallon , or 55 % .
How Not to Run a Big Music Company : A Tutorial Brought to You by a Big Music Company
Even people who do n’t know anything about the music business know what ’s wrong with music business :
No one wants to buy music anymore .
Right ?
Well , sort of .
While people are buying a lot less music than they used to , they ’re still spending a couple billion dollars a year on iTunes from Apple ( AAPL ) and the like , and many billions more on actual , hold - in - your - hand compact discs .
So in theory , at least , a well - run company should be able to do something with a market that big .
That company , at least for the last several years , has not been EMI Music Group .
That ’s not just in MediaMemo ’s judgment , by the way .
That ’s the judgment of EMI Music ’s owners :
The United Kingdom ’s Terra Firma private equity group , which bought the company for some $ 5 billion in the summer of 2007 .
Terra Firma ’s assessment of the company , delivered via a 101 - page annual report , makes for amazing reading .
We ’ve embedded it below ( you ’ll need to click on “ Full Screen ” to make it legible ) .
But in case you ’re time - pressed here ’s the executive summary :
EMI has a relatively valuable publishing company , which administers the copyrights to the underlying compositions to songs .
That unit makes money .
EMI also owns a valuable catalog of song recordings .
That unit could make money , but it ’s all being eaten up by the group that burns money by signing and recording artists who make new recordings that no one wants to buy .
Terra Firma knew EMI was badly run when it bought it , but it did n’t really know how badly run it was until it owned it .
It figured , for instance , that there was a lot of waste at the company .
But it had no idea the U.K. division was spending $ 1.1 million a year on a London taxi service .
And it had literally no idea how much money some of EMI ’s executives were making , because EMI would n’t disclose that during due diligence .
This last part is crucial for EMI ’s future because the people who funded the deal last year –Terra Firma ’s investors , as well as Citigroup ( C ) , which provided the debt financing–need to be convinced that the people who did n’t understand what they ’d bought last year are the people who should be trusted to turn it around .
But that ’s a question for later .
For now , if you want to see how a music company managed to lose $ 1.17 billion in 12 months , this is the document for you :
EMI report – Get more Business Documents
[ Image Credit : Lorelei ]
Internet Explorer is used by the vast majority of the world 's computer users Users of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer are being urged by experts to switch to a rival until a serious security flaw has been fixed .
The flaw in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer could allow criminals to take control of people 's computers and steal their passwords , internet experts say .
Microsoft urged people to be vigilant while it investigated and prepared an emergency patch to resolve it .
Internet Explorer is used by the vast majority of the world 's computer users .
It 's a shame Microsoft have not been able to fix this more quickly
Darien Graham - Smith
PC Pro magazine
Q&A : Stay safe online " Microsoft is continuing its investigation of public reports of attacks against a new vulnerability in Internet Explorer , " said the firm in a security advisory alert about the flaw .
Microsoft says it has detected attacks against IE 7.0 but said the " underlying vulnerability " was present in all versions of the browser .
Other browsers , such as Firefox , Opera , Chrome , Safari , are not vulnerable to the flaw Microsoft has identified .
Browser bait " In this case , hackers found the hole before Microsoft did , " said Rick Ferguson , senior security advisor at Trend Micro .
" This is never a good thing . "
As many as 10,000 websites have been compromised since the vulnerability was discovered , he said .
" What we 've seen from the exploit so far is it stealing game passwords , but it 's inevitable that it will be adapted by criminals , " he said .
" It 's just a question of modifying the payload the trojan installs . "
MICROSOFT SECURITY ADVICE
Change IE security settings to high ( Look under Tools / Internet Options ) Switch to a Windows user account with limited rights to change a PC 's settings With IE7 or 8 on Vista turn on Protected Mode Ensure your PC is updated Keep anti-virus and anti-spyware software up to date Said Mr Ferguson : " If users can find an alternative browser , then that 's good mitigation against the threat . "
But Microsoft counselled against taking such action .
" I can not recommend people switch due to this one flaw , " said John Curran , head of Microsoft UK's Windows group .
He added : " We 're trying to get this resolved as soon as possible .
" At present , this exploit only seems to affect 0.02 % of internet sites , " said Mr Curran .
" In terms of vulnerability , it only seems to be affecting IE7 users at the moment , but could well encompass other versions in time . "
Richard Cox , chief information officer of anti-spam body The Spamhaus Project and an expert on privacy and cyber security , echoed Trend Micro 's warning .
" It wo n't be long before someone reverse engineers this exploit for more fraudulent purposes .
Trend Micro's advice [ of switching to an alternative web browser ] is very sensible , " he said .
This could be the moment when the minnows in the browser wars finally score a significant victory
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC technology editor
Read the dot. life blog in full PC
Pro magazine 's security editor , Darien Graham - Smith , said that there was a virtual arms race going on , with hackers always on the look out for new vulnerabilities .
" The message needs to get out that this malicious code can be planted on any web site , so simple careful browsing is n't enough . "
" It 's a shame Microsoft have not been able to fix this more quickly , but letting people know about this flaw was the right thing to do .
If you keep flaws like this quiet , people are put at risk without knowing it . "
" Every browser is susceptible to vulnerabilities from time to time .
It 's fine to say ' do n't use Internet Explorer ' for now , but other browsers may well find themselves in a similar situation , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You know , it 's coming to that point that if Patterson Joseph is n't the new Doctor , people are going to be so disappointed !
But come on ; the way this has leaked - do n't you think RTD has a bit more subtlety and common sense than to reveal it in his _biography_ ?
And do you think this guy is told of the BBC 's dearest secret ?
Still , great way to keep Doctor
Who in the loop for us in this very , very dry and boring wait for Christmas Day ...! :-D
Warfare may be a relatively recent phenomenon ( Image : J P Laffont / Sygma / Corbis )
IT ’S a question at the heart of what it is to be human : why do we go to war ?
The cost to human society is enormous , yet for all our intellectual development , we continue to wage war well into the 21st century .
Now a new theory is emerging that challenges the prevailing view that warfare is a product of human culture and thus a relatively recent phenomenon .
For the first time , anthropologists , archaeologists , primatologists , psychologists and political scientists are approaching a consensus .
Not only is …
Well , they ’re about to make it official .
The Fed will stop at nothing to make sure they “ save ” the markets .
So far they ’ve been unable to stop the deleveraging and get things moving , so they ’re pulling out all stops :
The Federal Reserve may today reduce its main interest rate to the lowest level on record and prepare for one of the boldest experiments in its 94 - year history : using its balance sheet as the key tool for monetary policy .
The Fed ’s Open Market Committee will probably cut the benchmark rate in half , to 0.5 percent , according to the median of 84 forecasts in a Bloomberg News survey .
The central bank may also signal plans to channel credit to businesses and consumers by further enlarging its $ 2.26 trillion of assets .
…
Bernanke , a scholar of the Great Depression , indicated in a Dec. 1 speech that policy makers will need to focus on “ the second arrow in the Federal Reserve ’s quiver — the provision of liquidity , ” including options such as purchasing Treasuries to inject more cash into the economy .
A formal commitment to expand the balance sheet would constitute “ the most extraordinary policy approach we have seen ” so far , said Brian Sack , a former economist at the Fed ’s Monetary Affairs Division , who is now senior economist at Macroeconomic Advisers LLC in Washington .
Emphasis added for a very strong reason .
In early September , that Fed balance sheet was reading about $ 900B .
It ’s now up to about $ 2.29T .
And not they ’re actually admitting they want to expand it , which can only mean we ’re looking at another enormous addition .
All this so far , and they ’re throwing more money around , and it does n’t seem to be improving .
Anyone else get the sense that the saying that best explains the situation is “ pushing on a string ” ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US guards indicted over the 2007 fatal shooting of 17 Iraqis used machine guns and grenade launchers against unarmed civilians , prosecutors have said .
The guards , from the US security firm Blackwater , were contracted to defend US diplomats .
The firm says its guards acted in self - defence .
The five men are charged with 14 counts of manslaughter , as well as weapons violations and attempted manslaughter .
A sixth guard has pleaded guilty to killing at least one Iraqi .
The Iraqi government has welcomed the move to hold " criminals accountable " .
The killings , which took place in Nisoor Square , Baghdad , have become a central issue in Iraq 's relationship with the US and raised questions about the oversight of US contractors operating in war zones .
Witnesses and family members maintain that the shooting on 16 September 2007 was unprovoked .
' Politically motivated '
Although the indictment was made in Washington , the men surrendered at a federal courthouse in Salt Lake City , Utah , the home state of one of the five guards , Donald Ball .
They kept shooting at the first car until it burst into flames
Mohammed al - Kinana
Witness to shooting
Iraqi anger at Blackwater shootings
That way the men could argue that the case should be heard in Utah , considered more conservative and pro-gun than Washington , AP said .
" Donald Ball committed no crime , " said his lawyer , Steven McCool .
" We are confident that any jury will see this for what it is : a politically - motivated prosecution to appease the Iraqi government . "
Defence lawyers are expected to file a series of challenges before the guards can even go to trial .
" The killers must pay for their crime against innocent civilians .
Justice must be achieved so that we can have rest from the agony we are living in , " said Khalid Ibrahim , 40 , who said his 78 - year - old father , Ibrahim Abid , died in the shooting .
" We know that the conviction of the people behind the shooting will not bring my father to life , but we will have peace in our minds and hearts , " he told AP .
The New York Times has previously reported that an FBI investigation had concluded that 14 of the deaths at the busy Baghdad intersection were unjustified .
Young children were among the victims .
As well as Mr Ball , the other men indicted are Dustin Heard , Evan Liberty , Nick Slatten and Paul Slough .
On top of the 14 counts of manslaughter , they face 20 counts of attempted manslaughter , as well as using a machine gun to commit a crime of violence , a charge that carries a 30 - year minimum sentence .
A sixth Blackwater employee , Jeremy Ridgeway , agreed to a plea deal in return for testifying against his colleagues , AP reported , adding that the indicted men are decorated military veterans .
Contractor conditions Evan Liberty , one of the indicted guards , surrenders in Utah
The problem of private armed guards in Iraq remains unresolved , mainly because they continue to provide security for the many American and other foreign officials in the country .
US law is unclear on whether contractors can be charged in the US or anywhere else for crimes committed overseas .
In October 2007 , the Iraqi government approved a draft law revoking the immunity from prosecution that private security contractors enjoyed under Iraqi law .
The US has since put in place new guidelines for security contractors .
Based at a vast ranch complex in North Carolina , Blackwater is one of the main private providers of security within Iraq , and its contract there was extended in April .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Baby Jesus disappeared last year from a Nativity scene on the lawn of the Wellington , Florida , community centre , village officials did n't follow a star to locate him .
A GPS device mounted inside the life - size ceramic figurine led sheriff 's deputies to a nearby apartment , where it was found face down on the carpet .
An 18 - year - old woman was arrested in the theft .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Giving up on old - fashioned padlocks and trust , a number of churches , synagogues , governments and ordinary citizens are turning to technology to protect holiday displays from pranks or prejudice .
GPS , or global positioning system , devices use satellite signals to determine geographic locations on land and at sea .
About 70 churches and synagogues eager to avoid the December police blotter jumped at a security company 's offer of free use of GPS systems and hidden cameras this month to guard their mangers and menorahs .
Others , like the Herrera family of North Richland Hills , Texas , took matters into their own hands .
Upset after their teeter - totter was stolen , the family trained surveillance cameras on their yard and was surprised when footage showed a teenage girl stealing a baby Jesus worth almost $ 500 .
Police have obtained the tape .
" They took the family Jesus , " said Gloria Herrera , 48 , a Catholic .
" How can anybody do that ? "
For two consecutive years , thieves made off with the baby Jesus figurine in Wellington , a well - off village of 60,000 in Palm Beach County , Florida .
The ceramic original , donated by a local merchant , was made in Italy and worth about $ 1,800 , said John Bonde , Wellington 's director of operations .
So last year , officials took a GPS unit normally used to track the application of mosquito spray and implanted it in the latest replacement figurine .
After that one disappeared , sheriff 's deputies quickly tracked it down .
Sensing opportunity in that kind of success story , New York - based BrickHouse Security is offering up to 200 non-profit religious institutions a free month 's use of security cameras and LightningGPS products it distributes .
Chief executive officer Todd Morris said the idea was born after a few churches asked about one - month rentals instead of longer contracts that are the norm .
The first 20 or so applications came from synagogues , he said .
Rabbi Yochonon Goldman of Lubavitch of Center City , a Philadelphia - area branch of the Chabad Lubavitch movement , signed up even though his previous biggest scare involved the wind knocking down a menorah .
" People are very security conscious , and this is simply a precaution , " said Goldman , who will put a GPS on one menorah and a camera on another .
" It 's sad ... but it 's the reality we 're faced with . "
As members of a minority religion , Jews are probably hit harder when their religious symbols are vandalised , said Deborah Lauter , national civil rights director for the Anti-Defamation League .
" If Baby Jesus is removed , it tends to be seen as a prank , " Lauter said .
" Vandalism or theft of a menorah is just more sensitive .
You feel like you 're really being targeted for your religion . "
The ADL identified 699 incidents of anti-Semitic vandalism in 2007 , consistent with recent years .
So far in 2008 , Baby Jesus has appeared in several police reports .
At First United Methodist Church in Kittanning , Pennsylvania , a baby Jesus was stolen and replaced with a pumpkin .
In Eureka Springs , Arkansas , someone who absconded with a plastic baby Jesus from a public display last week also took the concrete block and chain that was supposed to act as a deterrent .
Previously , stolen Jesus figurines have also been defaced with profanity or Satanic symbols .
The incidents raise a question : Is stealing Baby Jesus harmless juvenile fun , or anti-Christian ?
" I suspect most of it is childish pranks , " said attorney Mike Johnson of the Alliance Defence Fund , a conservative Christian legal group .
" Clearly , there are adults with an agenda to remove Christ from Christmas .
But they tend to occupy themselves with the courts and courtroom of public opinion . "
WASHINGTON  The Labor Department is racing to complete a new rule , strenuously opposed by President - elect Barack Obama , that would make it much harder for the government to regulate toxic substances and hazardous chemicals to which workers are exposed on the job .
The rule , which has strong support from business groups , says that in assessing the risk from a particular substance , federal agencies should gather and analyze “ industry - by - industry evidence ” of employees ’ exposure to it during their working lives .
The proposal would , in many cases , add a step to the lengthy process of developing standards to protect workers ’ health .
Public health officials and labor unions said the rule would delay needed protections for workers , resulting in additional deaths and illnesses .
With the economy tumbling and American troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , President Bush has promised to cooperate with Mr. Obama to make the transition “ as smooth as possible . ”
But that has not stopped his administration from trying , in its final days , to cement in place a diverse array of new regulations .
A solution to this problem is floating platforms - one of the key elements of the Ocean Energy Institute proposal .
In this post I 'll look at some of the work being done to develop floating offshore wind power platforms in order to enable these sorts of schemes to become a reality .
Ideally , offshore wind farms will be far enough away from land to avoid being seen from the shoreline , eliminating any residual objections from local residents .
Current offshore projects tend to site turbines in waters less than 20 metres deep - going further offshore would mean locating them at depths of 50 meters or more , which is too deep to build supporting towers or trusses down to the sea floor at an affordable cost .
Offshore wind farms have a number of advantages over their land based equivalents - they are less hazardous to wildlife , have fewer objections raised on NIMBY concerns and winds are generally stronger over the oceans than they are over land .
Matthew Simmons has received quite a bit of press in the past week , after his Ocean Energy Institute floated a proposal to build a $ 25 billion , 5 GW wind farm in the Gulf of Maine .
According to a 2006 report by the U.S. Department of Energy , General Electric and the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative , offshore wind resources on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the United States exceed the current electricity generation of the entire U.S. power industry .
NASA has also been investigating ocean wind strengths worldwide , using the QuikSCAT satellite .
Researchers at MIT and elsewhere have been investigating the feasibility of " tension - leg " platforms for wind turbines , a technology that oil companies have been using for deep - water rigs .
The structures would be assembled at a shipyard and placed on large floating cylinders that are ballasted with high - density concrete ( to keep the structure from tipping over ) and then tugged out to sea .
Once in location , steel cables would be attached to the platform , anchoring it to the sea floor .
The MIT researchers claim that large turbines located far offshore could eventually generate cheaper power than both land based wind farms and near - offshore ones ( even taking into account the increased cost of longer underground electricity transmission cables ) .
Part of the cost advantage is the higher capacity factor achieved due to more consistent offshore winds - potentially averaging between 40 percent and 50 percent compared with 30 percent or less with land based turbines .
Some offshore wind farms could also have advantages in terms of proximity to large coastal cities compared to wind farms in remote areas , which require grid transmission upgrades to transport the power to places where it is consumed .
Floating offshore wind farms also avoid bottlenecks in the supply of marine construction equipment such as pile drivers and cranes that may hamper rapid expansion of shallow offshore wind structures ( however they may instead compete for some resources with offshore oil exploration and production , which could be problematical in the short to medium term ) .
A number of companies are active in the area of floating offshore wind technology - primarily Blue H Technologies , StatOil Hydro and SWAY .
Blue H Technologies
Blue H Technologies is a Dutch company that launched their first test platform at Tricase off Italy 's southern coast late last year .
The company has also announced plans to install another test turbine off Massachusetts .
The Blue H test platform in Italy is a tension - leg platform - a conventional offshore oil and gas platform design that floats below the surface , held in place by chains running to steel or concrete anchors on the seabed .
The platform is located 10 km offshore and hosts an 80 - kilowatt wind turbine which is mounted with sensors to record the wave and wind forces experienced by the equipment .
Blue H is now constructing a commercial wind farm for the Tricase site , which will have an installed capacity of 92 MW .
Blue H's design is unusual in that the turbine has a two - bladed rotor rather than the conventional three - blade design used elsewhere in .
Technology Review has quoted Martin Jakubowski , Blue H cofounder and chief technology officer , as saying that " the noise and jarringly high rotation speeds that made two - bladers a loser on land are either irrelevant or a plus offshore " and that the fast rotation is " less susceptible to interference from the back - and - forth swing of the platform under wave action " and means less torque , resulting in a lighter structure ( Blue H's 2.5 - megawatt turbine will weigh 97 tons - 53 tons lighter than the lightest machine of the same power output on the market ) .
Tech Review also quotes Jakubowski as estimating that Blue H's wind farms will " deliver wind energy for seven to eight cents per kilowatt - hour , roughly matching the current cost of natural gas - fired generation and conventional onshore wind energy " .
StatOil Hydro
Norwegian oil and gas producer StatoilHydro and Germany 's Siemens ( a major wind - turbine producer ) are partnering in a project to build a commercial - scale floating wind farm about 10 kilometers offshore from Karmøy on Norway 's southwestern tip .
StatoilHydro initially plans to operate a 2.3 MW wind turbine atop a conventional oil and gas platform , and is hoping for this to be operational in late 2009 .
Unlike the Blue H design , StatOilHydro is using traditional wind turbines .
The company believes floating wind farms are the way of the future , with a company spokesman saying that there are a declining number of sites available onshore and in shallow waters and citing regions without a shallow continental shelf like California , Japan and Norway where traditional offshore wind is not possible .
StatOilHydro says that deepwater wind power will be expensive in the initial stages but that the economics could eventually rival those of conventional wind power .
If deep offshore wind power in the North Sea proves to be successful it would become a major component on the planned European Supergrid , which backers hope will link up the region 's power networks and allow a much higher proportion of renewable energy in future ( possibly entirely fossil - free , as it will need to become eventually ) , including solar power from Spain and North Africa , wind from the North Sea and Ireland , biogas from central Europe and tidal power from the UK .
SWAY
SWAY , based in Bergen , Norway , plans to field a prototype of its floating wind turbine in 2010 .
SWAY 's platform is basically a spar buoy that can rise and fall gently with wave action , requiring less anchoring than the tension - leg platform .
The buoy , mounted on a column nearly 200 meters tall , is held in place by a 2,400 - ton gravel ballast .
A three - bladed turbine is used , but , unlike conventional onshore turbines , it faces downwind rather upwind to better accommodate heeling of the tower , which may make it more effective in rougher waters than alternative designs .
The Simmons Plan
The cost estimated for Simmons ' plan is $ 5 billion per gigawatt — more than double the amount that T. Boone Pickens ’ now delayed wind farm in Texas is supposed to cost .
This seems high if the cost savings expected by the companies mentioned above eventuate , with the StatOilHydro experiment probably being the best guide , with the North Sea facing similar weather challenges to those experienced off New England .
Winter winds in the Gulf of Maine carry as much as eight times more energy as summer breezes , meaning maximum power is available during periods of greatest demand .
About 80 percent of Maine residents use oil to heat their homes .
The average family uses about 1,000 gallons , or 3,785 liters a year - when prices are around $ 4 a gallon ( $ 1 a litre ) this consumes about one - tenth of the average family 's annual income , leading Simmons to declare " If we do n't do this , we 're [ eventually ] going to have to evacuate most of Maine " .
Seen in that light , even an expensive offshore wind farm is better than the alternative .
As an added bonus , construction and maintenance of the structures will bring valuable job opportunities to a region hard hit by the decline of the fishing industry .
Related Posts :
The Oil Drum - Alternative Wind Power Experiments - SkySails and Airborne Wind Turbines ( Peak Energy )
The Oil Drum - Offshore Wind
The Oil Drum - Energy from Wind : A Discussion of the EROI Research
The Oil Drum - Tapping The Source : The Power Of The Oceans
Cross-posted from Our Clean Energy Future .
President George W. Bush , who address nation on banking bail - out , has issued an urgent warning that America ’s “ entire economy is in danger ” and a failure by Congress to agree to his $ 700 billion bailout package would lead to a “ long and painful recession ” .
During his presidential address in a prime - time television address , the U.S. president pleaded Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill to act swiftly and vote for the bail - out package , saying :
“ It should be enacted as soon as possible . ”
He also invited presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain to the White House on Thursday .
He stressed the importance of approving bail - out package as he revealed : “ Without immediate action by Congress , American could slip into a financial panic and a distressing scenario would unfold . ”
President Bush feared that the market is not functioning properly and that with a “ widespread loss of confidence ” major business sectors were at risk .
More banks could fail , triggering a recession , pushing down houses prices and “ millions of Americans could lose their jobs . ”
He declared : “ We must not let this happen . ”
The U.S. president believed that the Americans had good reason to be confident in their country ’s economic strength in the long run .
He explained : “ Despite corrections in the marketplace and instances of abuse , democratic capitalism is the best system ever devised . ”
On the financial bailout plan , Representative Barney Frank , chairman of the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee , revealed that the majority Democrats had reached an agreement on the financial bailout plan and there would therefore be enough votes to pass it and send it to the U.S. president .
Representative Barney Frank declared : “ We now have between House and Senate Democrats an agreement on what we think should be in the bill , and we have a meeting scheduled at 10 am tomorrow to meet with the Republicans . ”
President Bush explicitly endorsed several of the changes that have been demanded in recent days from the right and left .
His warning includes that he would draw the line at regulations he determined would hamper economic growth as he stressed : “ It should be enacted as soon as possible . ”
He wanted to explain the bailout package to the American public .
President Bush said the goal is to help the government buy up troubled assets so that credit can start flowing again and the economy will rebound .
He said the rescue is aimed at helping the country , not individual companies .
President Bush , who was trying to explain himself to the conservatives , admitted that he was reluctant to put taxpayer money on the line to help businesses that had made bad decisions and that the rescue is not aimed at saving individual companies .
He made a promise that CEOs of failed companies wo n’t be rewarded as he tried to answer some of the major complaints from Democrats .
President Bush explained : “ With the situation becoming more precarious by the day , I faced a choice : to step in with dramatic government action or to stand back and allow the irresponsible actions by some to undermine the financial security of all . ”
In another move welcome at the White House , Barack Obama and John McCain released a joint statement urging lawmakers — in dire terms — to act .
The joint statement indicated : “ Now is a time to come together Democrats and Republicans in a spirit of cooperation for the sake of the American people , ” it said .
“ The plan that has been submitted to Congress by the Bush administration is flawed , but the effort to protect the American economy must not fail . ”
The two candidates — fighting each other for the White House but coming together over this issue — said the situation offers a chance for politicians to prove Washington ’s worth .
They said : “ This is a time to rise above politics for the good of the country .
We can not risk an economic catastrophe . ”
However , the Oval Office rivals were not putting politics aside entirely .
McCain asked Obama to agree to delay their first debate , scheduled for Friday , to deal with the meltdown .
Obama said the debate should go ahead .
Comments
comments
An excellent Forbes article recently explains that , though Ford is tossed into the “ Big 3 ” when everyone is talking about failing and government loans , they certainly are n’t in dire straits .
With a number of smart moves by Alan Mulally , the chief executive imported from Boeing a number of years ago Ford is still in a relatively strong position compared to GM and Chrysler .
Mulally mortgaged much of Ford ’s assets ( for $ 24 billion ) , signed up credit lines two years ago , sold Jaguar , Land Rover , Aston Martin , some of Ford ’s Mazda ownership in the last two years .
All this was way ahead of the current economic tribulations .
Was it foresight into the future economic woes ?
I have a feeling it was just good business and focusing on what was important to Ford .
Having a great business model makes them recession - resistance .
Another key to Ford ’s performance is their European car lines and development of small cars :
Both Ford and GM are unlike Chrysler in that they have robust foreign operations .
For Ford , Europe and South America earned $ 2.5 billion pre-tax in the first nine months this year .
Those markets are slowing , yes , but they are strong businesses .
Europe is providing the small - car knowledge and engineering that Ford needs in the U.S .
With the possibility of the government giving out money , can you blame them for at least asking for access to lines of credit ?
They are taking responsibility for anything that might put them in a position where they need more time to trim down operations and paying back anything they get from the government as you or I would with a line of credit as opposed to loans that give government partial control of operations and subject to congresses absurd whims .
Ford One FTW .
Source : Forbes
— Fuquay - Varina police arrested a man whom bystanders say they hit with a frozen turkey when he allegedly carjacked a woman 's sedan outside a grocery store Sunday .
The man took money from a cash register at a BP gas station at Ten - Ten Road and US .
Highway 401 around 11:30 a.m. , Garner police said .
He then crossed Ten - Ten Road to the parking lot of a Harris Teeter store and approached Irene Moorman Bailey , who was loading groceries in her car .
Witnesses told police that the man started beating Bailey in the face , trying to get her keys .
“ The lady was being beaten on the ground .
She was lying on the ground , and the guy was on top of her – physically hitting her , ” shopper Randy Owens said .
Bystanders intervened and hit the man in the head with a frozen turkey that Bailey had bought , police said .
“ I was just grocery shopping , like any other day , and I happened to come out and I saw all this chaos that just had happened , ” shopper Leanne Sweet said .
The man managed to get into Bailey 's 2001 Nissan Maxima and hit five other cars while escaping from the parking lot , officers said .
" My bumper 's cracked , and the whole side is dented in , " Sweet said .
“ He backed across , and he hit the Cadillac and hit our car and hit another car that was parked , ” Owens said .
" I just wish he'd hit him harder and knocked him out and brought the whole thing to a close . "
Officers found Fred Ervin , 30 , in Bailey 's car in Garner , Fuquay - Varina police said .
Ervin was taken to WakeMed with a serious head wound .
He was listed in fair condition Monday morning .
When Ervin is released , police said he will face these charges : assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill , assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury , robbery , driving with a revoked license , hit and run and larceny .
" Sad is what it is , especially during the holiday season , ” Owens said .
" My heart goes out to that woman , " Sweet said .
The Wake County Sheriff 's Office and Garner and Fuquay - Varina police departments responded to the incident .
The BP is in Garner town limits , and the Harris Teeter is in Fuquay - Varina .
" The sheer force of the elephant 's unexpected defecation knocked Mr. Riesfeldt to theground , where he struck his head on a rock and lay unconscious as the elephant continued to evacuate his bowels on top of him , " said flabbergasted Paderborn police detective Erik Dern .
" With no one there to help him , he lay under all that dung for at least an hour before a watchman came along , and during that time he suffocated .
" It seems to be just one of those freak accidents that happen . "
1998 , Paderborn , Germany | Overzealous zookeeper Friedrich Riesfeldt fed his constipated elephant , Stefan , 22 doses of animal laxative and more than a bushel of berries , figs and prunes before the plugged - up pachyderm finally let fly -- and suffocated the keeper under 200 pounds of poop !
Investigators say ill - fated Friedrich , 46 , was attempting to give the ailing elephant an olive oil enema when the relieved beast unloaded on him like a dump truck full of mud .
Another Version of the Story PADERBORN , GERMANY - Overzealous zookeeper Friedrich Riesfeldt fed his constipated elephant Stefan 22 doses of animal laxative and more than a bushel of berries , figs and prunes before the plugged - up pachyderm finally let fly - and suffocated the keeper under 200 pounds of poop .
Investigators say ill - fated Friedrich , 46 , was attempting to give the ailing elephant an olive - oil enema when the relieved beast unloaded on him like a dump truck full of mud .
" The sheer force of the elephant 's unexpected defecation knocked Mr. Riesfeldt to the ground , where he struck his head on a rock and lay unconscious as the elephant continued to evacuate his bowels on top of him , " said flabbergasted Paderborn police detective Erik Dern .
" With no one there to help him , he lay under all that dung for at least an hour before a watchman came along , and during that time he suffocated .
It seems to be just one of those freak accidents that happen sometimes -- a billion - to - one shot , at least . "
Bruce E. Ivins , the government biodefense scientist linked to the deadly anthrax mailings of 2001 , stood to gain financially from massive federal spending in the fear - filled aftermath of those killings , the Los Angeles Times has learned .
Ivins is listed as a co-inventor on two patents for a genetically engineered anthrax vaccine , federal records show .
Separately , Ivins also is listed as a co-inventor on an application to patent an additive for various biodefense vaccines .
Ivins , 62 , died Tuesday in an apparent suicide in Maryland .
Federal authorities had informed his lawyer that criminal charges related to the mailings would be filed .
As a co-inventor of a new anthrax vaccine , Ivins was among those in line to collect patent royalties if the product had come to market , according to an executive familiar with the matter .
Advertisement
The product had languished on laboratory shelves until the Sept. 11 attacks and the anthrax mailings , after which federal officials raced to stockpile vaccines and antidotes against potential biological terrorism .
A San Francisco - area biotechnology company , VaxGen , won a federal contract worth $ 877.5 million to provide batches of the new vaccine .
The contract was the first awarded under legislation promoted by President Bush , called Project BioShield .
One executive who was familiar with the matter said that , as a condition of its purchasing the vaccine from the Army , VaxGen had agreed to share sales - related proceeds with the inventors .
“ Some proportion would have been shared with the inventors , ” said the executive , who spoke anonymously because of contractual confidentiality .
“ Ivins would have stood to make tens of thousands of dollars , but not millions . ”
Advertisement
Two years after the contract was awarded to VaxGen , the pact was terminated when the company could not deliver its batches on schedule .
The termination meant that VaxGen was not paid , nor were Ivins and his co-inventors .
Ivins also was listed as one of two inventors of another biodefense - related product that has won federal sponsorship .
According to their still - pending application for a U.S. patent , the inventors hoped the additive would bolster certain vaccines ’ capacity to prevent infections “ from bioterrorism agents . ”
From December 2002 to December 2003 , the Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency committed $ 12 million for additional testing of the experimental additive .
That research money was designated for Coley Pharmaceutical Group , which was developing the additive .
The company was acquired last fall by Pfizer Corp .
Advertisement
Samuel C. Miller , a Georgetown Law Center professor who is a patent - law expert , said that the extent to which Ivins stood to gain from the two issued patents or the one that remains pending hinges on the terms of the related contracts .
“ It will depend on the business arrangements that are in place , ” Miller said .
On Friday , colleagues and critics of Ivins pondered the mystery within the mystery : If Ivins did it , why ?
One former senior official with Ivins ’ employer , the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases , whom the FBI questioned at length about Ivins , said he believed his former colleague wanted more attention -- and resources -- shifted to biological defense .
Advertisement
“ It had to have been a motive , ” said the former official , who suspects that Ivins was the culprit .
“ I do n’t think he ever intended to kill anybody .
He just wanted to prove ‘ Look , this is possible . ’
He probably had no clue that it would aerosolize through those envelopes and kill those postal workers . ”
Of the five people killed by the mailings , two worked for the U.S. Postal Service in the Washington , D.C. , area ; one was a photo editor in Palm Beach County , Fla . ; another was a hospital supply provider in New York City ; and the last known victim was a 94 - year - old woman in Connecticut .
Several letters were addressed to prominent people -- two U.S. senators and NBC news anchor Tom Brokaw , for example .
For nearly 30 years , Ivins served far from the limelight , a PhD microbiologist who drew a civil servant ’s pay while handling some of the most deadly pathogens on Earth -- live spores of anthrax .
Advertisement
The deadly mailings of anthrax - tainted envelopes transported Ivins from the backwater of government scientific research at Ft. Detrick , Md. , to the center of the nation ’s fledgling war on terrorism .
It also spurred multibillion - dollar national security initiatives .
Ivins was thrust into the federal investigation of the mailings as well .
He helped the FBI analyze anthrax recovered from a letter addressed to then - Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle ( D - S.D. ) .
He also played a lead role in helping a private company , BioPort , win regulatory approval to continue making the vaccine required for U.S. service personnel deployed to Iraq , Afghanistan and other regions .
From 2000 to early 2002 , Ivins and two colleagues from USAMRIID helped BioPort resolve problems related to the potency of the vaccine .
Because of those and other manufacturing difficulties , production had been suspended .
The efforts of Ivins and his colleagues helped BioPort win FDA approval to resume production .
Advertisement
At a Pentagon ceremony on March 14 , 2003 , Ivins and two colleagues from USAMRIID were bestowed the Decoration of Exceptional Civilian Service , the highest honor given to nonmilitary employees of the Defense Department .
“ Awards are nice , ” Ivins said in accepting the honor .
“ But the real satisfaction is knowing the vaccine is back on line . ”
The Times sought earlier this year to obtain annual financial disclosure statements filed by Ivins with his employer .
USAMRIID spokeswoman Caree Vander Linden said last month that Ivins had filed financial reports exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act .
Ivins ’ apparent suicide and the Justice Department ’s decision to bring criminal charges against him were first reported Thursday night by The Times .
On Friday , Ivins ’ lawyer , Paul F. Kemp , defended his client and said that Ivins had cooperated fully with the FBI .
Advertisement
“ We assert his innocence in these killings , and would have established that at trial , ” Kemp said , implicitly confirming that Ivins had been about to be formally charged .
“ The relentless pressure of accusation and innuendo takes its toll in different ways on different people .
. . .
In Dr. Ivins ’ case , it led to his untimely death . ”
Kemp did not respond to telephone calls and e-mails for this article .
--
david.willman@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times researcher Janet Lundblad contributed to this report .
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Key dates in the investigation of the anthrax attacks
Advertisement
2001
September - October : Anthrax is mailed to lawmakers on Capitol Hill and members of the news media in New York and Florida .
By late November , five people are dead and 17 sickened .
The victims include postal workers and others who came into contact with the anthrax .
2002
January : The Senate office building where anthrax - tainted letters were sent reopens after three months and fumigation .
FBI doubles the reward for helping solve the case to $ 2.5 million .
Advertisement
June :
The FBI is scrutinizing 20 to 30 scientists who might have had the knowledge and opportunity to send the anthrax letters , a U.S. official says .
August : Law enforcement officials and Atty . Gen. John D. Ashcroft call Steven J. Hatfill , a biowarfare expert , a “ person of interest ” in the investigation .
2003
June :
The FBI drains a pond in Frederick , Md. , in search of evidence .
Frederick is the home of the Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases , one of the nation ’s main anthrax research centers .
Nothing suspicious is found .
Advertisement
August : Hatfill sues Ashcroft and other government officials , accusing them of using him as a scapegoat and demanding that they clear his name .
December : Postal workers begin moving back into Washington ’s main mail center , more than two years after anthrax - laced letters killed two employees .
The Brentwood facility underwent more than $ 130 million worth of decontamination and renovation .
2004
August : FBI searches homes of Dr. Kenneth M. Berry , who founded a group to train medical staffers to respond to biological disasters , as part of the anthrax investigation .
No charges are filed .
Advertisement
July 11 : Bio-ONE , a company founded by former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani , fumigates the former headquarters of the Sun , the Florida supermarket tabloid that was the first target in the anthrax attacks .
July 13 : Hatfill sues the New York Times for defamation , claiming the newspaper ruined his reputation after it published a series of columns pointing to him as the culprit .
2005
March 10 : Sensor at Pentagon mail room indicates the possible presence of anthrax .
Advertisement
March 14 : Alarm at a second Pentagon mail facility also signals a possible anthrax presence .
The post office in Hamilton , N.J. , that handled anthrax - laced letters in 2001 reopens .
Further testing determines no anthrax in Pentagon mail rooms .
2006
April 11 : It is reported that Hatfill ’s lawyers have questioned at least two journalists and are subpoenaing others , seeking identities of their confidential government sources .
Oct. 23 : A federal judge orders the New York Times to disclose a columnist ’s confidential sources .
Advertisement
2007
Jan. 12 : A federal judge dismisses Hatfill ’s libel lawsuit against the New York Times .
Aug. 13 : A federal judge says five journalists must identify the government officials who leaked details about Hatfill to them .
Oct. 2 : Hatfill asks a federal judge to hold two journalists in contempt for refusing to identify their sources .
Advertisement
2008
March 7 : A federal judge holds a former USA Today reporter in contempt and orders her to pay up to $ 5,000 a day if she refuses to identify her sources for stories about Hatfill .
March 11 : A federal appeals court blocks the fines .
June 27 : The government awards Hatfill $ 5.8 million to settle his violation of privacy lawsuit against the Justice Department .
Advertisement
July 29 : Bruce E. Ivins , 62 , dies of an apparent suicide at a hospital in Frederick , Md. , after being informed by the FBI that charges probably were going to be brought against him in connection with the 2001 anthrax attacks .
Source : Associated Press
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
A killer bacterium
The spores that cause anthrax -- Bacillus anthracis -- occur widely in soil , and the skin form of the infection used to be common , especially among livestock and people who work with the animals .
It can be treated with antibiotics .
But once the spores are inhaled and settle in the lungs , they cause a hard - to - diagnose infection that is almost impossible to cure -- and nearly always fatal -- once symptoms start .
Experts estimate that 8,000 to 10,000 spores taken into the lungs can cause inhaled anthrax .
The infection is not contagious .
Advertisement
Infection with the skin form of the disease can result from substantially fewer spores .
On the skin , the ailment starts after three to five days with a small , painless blister that is red around the edges .
A day or two later , this becomes an open sore that is especially recognizable because it is black .
Eventually , this dries up and leaves a black scab , which falls off after a week or two .
The usual treatment is a common antibiotic , such as penicillin , doxycycline or Cipro , which are extremely effective .
Left untreated , perhaps 5 % of skin cases progress to a dangerous bloodstream infection , which also is almost always fatal , according to medical experts .
--
Advertisement
Source : Associated Press
Burnout Paradise PC Demo Will Offer Entire Game
" We want all our PC players to be sure it runs perfectly on their system , before they commit to buying it , " Criterion wrote on its site .
" But there 's a lot of game to show you . "
" So rather than restricting what you can do , we 're letting you play through the start of the full game for a limited period ... You can go anywhere in Paradise City and check out everything on offer , " it clarified .
All in - game events will be available .
" Obviously , there 's a limit to just how much you can do and for how long ... we hope you 'll agree that there 's plenty there to give you glimpse of what the full game has to offer . "
The restrictions were not specified , but time and or in - game progress are likely criteria .
The demo will be released via criteriongames.com and ea.com in February , as well as through " millions of disks . "
Once installed , the disk will no longer be required .
A store within the game will let players upgrade to the full game .
That Sinking Feeling Global Crisis Hits Shipping Industry Hard
Shipping benefits from globalization more than almost any other sector .
But this has also made it more vulnerable to the global economic crisis .
Freight and charter rates have plunged , jobs at shipping companies are being cut and many ships are being parked for months at a time .
1.0.155.0
WebKit version 528.5 and
JavaScript engine V8 version 0.4.4.1
Your data is private again
BSD - licensed , USB - stick version and source available
Conclusion
, language tips and full incognito
-- incognito " parameter .
Start Iron with this ( i.e. like " IronPortable.exe
-- incognito " to immediately switch into the anonymous mode .
Have fun !
A german software company named srware took the GPLed source code of Google 's chrome and ironed it down to create a browser that does not phone home to Google any more .
The latest release of Iron ( ) from December 14 already containsand therefore is slightly newer than the respective versions in Chrome .
The goal creating a Chromeclone was simple : Although Google Chrome delivered fantastic rendering and JavaScript speed from scratch and is pretty stable and compatible , criticism arose because the new browser shared it 's data with Google .
Every time a new URL is entered this data is sent to Google .
And Google can match these with the browser because every browser gets a unique id when it is installed .
Furthermore , the Google Updater is installed and runs in background every time you start your computer ( check your Task - Manager for " GoogleUpdate.exe " ) .
This and more is deactivated in Iron , according to this page
The browser identifies itself as " Mozilla / 5.0 ( Windows ; U ; Windows NT 5.1 ; en- US ) AppleWebKit / 528.7 ( KHTML , like Gecko ) Iron / 1.0.155.0 Safari/528.7 " .
The geeks at srware provide downloads for an Iron - Installer , an Iron - USB - version ( without installation ) and the source code they altered .
The source is available under a BSD - license , so everyone can use it completely free even for commercial products .
The rendering and JavaScript performance of Chrome attracted us from the beginning , alas the privacy drawbacks stopped us from using it .
Iron does a good job here and comes , as a bonus , wit a USB - stick version and without installation but preconfigured with the german language .
To change the language choose the " SRware Iron anpassen " icon ( top right in the tab of the browser ) and click " Optionen " .
Then click the third button ( " Schriftart - und Spracheinstellungen ändern " ) , choose the tab " Sprachen " and select your language in the " Iron language " - dropdown .
One more option at startup is the "
Labels : Browser , Google Chrome , Iron , JavaScript , performance , privacy , V8 , webkit
Company Hires Prison Inmates to Build Solar Modules
December 9th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Great news !
If you ’re sent to the Federal Correctional Institution in Otisville , NY , you may have the opportunity to work in a solar module factory .
Spire Corp. announced yesterday that it is putting $ 55 million towards the construction of a solar module factory at the Otisville prison .
Modules produced by the inmates in the turnkey photovoltaic factory will be used in government installations .
If Spire ’s venture is successful , it may be repeated in other prisons across the country .
Spire anticipates complaints from workers rights and environmental groups , but the company hopes that inmates will gain valuable training for solar industry jobs .
That , and Spire wants cheap , reliable labor .
Photo Credit : NREL
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Court proceedings were briefly halted when Mr Chen complained of an injury Taiwan 's ex-President Chen Shui-bian , who faces corruption allegations , has been formally taken into custody .
Mr Chen , an independence activist and staunch critic of China , was taken to jail after his detention was approved by a court overnight .
It came at the end of a dramatic 24 hours , during which police led a defiant Mr Chen away in handcuffs .
Mr Chen , who stepped down in May , denies all the graft charges and claims they are politically motivated .
He has been taken to Tucheng prison in the suburbs of the capital , Taipei .
He can now be held for up to four months , despite not yet having formally been charged .
Police have reportedly tightened security around the jail amid threats from his supporters .
Muscle tear
The BBC's Cindy Sui in Taipei says the authorities want to avoid the type of demonstrations seen last week during a landmark visit by a high - ranking Chinese Communist official to Taiwan .
Mr Chen and his supporters - who see closer ties to Beijing as a threat to Taiwan 's sovereignty - opposed that visit .
Court proceedings had to be suspended on Tuesday night , when Mr Chen said he needed hospital treatment after being pushed outside the court building .
He was returned to court for an overnight sitting after doctors found he had only a minor muscle tear .
Mr Chen is accused of money laundering and illegally using a special presidential fund .
But the outspoken nationalist accuses the new administration of persecuting him " as a sacrifice to appease China " .
Mr Chen is an ardent supporter of Taiwanese independence , and a trenchant critic of President Ma Ying - jeou 's Kuomintang ( KMT ) administration , which he accuses of pandering to China .
But China has termed accusations that his detention is a plot between Beijing and President Ma 's administration " pure fabrication " .
President Ma has also denied intervening in the case .
Opposition damaged ?
Mr Chen and his family have been mired in corruption allegations since 2006 , when his son - in - law was charged with insider trading on the stock market and then jailed for seven years .
The charges have damaged the reputation of the main opposition Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) , observers say , which may now face a rough ride in next year 's local elections .
Taiwan has been ruled separately since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949 .
The defeated Kuomintang retreated to Taiwan to create a self - governing entity .
But Beijing sees the island as a breakaway province which should be reunified with the mainland , by force if necessary .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Your Bright Future is Our Mission
We are successful when you are successful .
Education is about the individual and the information that they are learning .
We are providing you with the skills you will need to gain competitive employment .
We lay the information for additional learning opportunities .
We also work with students with diverse learning needs for everyone to be successful .
Latino voters turned out in record numbers in Colorado this year , more than doubling their turnout since 2004 , according to recent polling data .
More than 330,000 Latinos voted in the state last week , compared with 165,000 in 2004 , based on exit polling from media outlets like the Wall Street Journal and Voto Latino , a national nonprofit organization that organized Latino voting drives in the state .
The data also shows that the share of Latino voters in Colorado has increased by 9 points to 17 percent since 2004 .
Nationally Latinos increased their share of the vote from 8 percent in 2004 to 9 percent in 2008 , according to The Pew Hispanic Center , a nonpartisan research organization .
Experts say the record turnout in Colorado was spurred by countless hours spent on organizing Spanish - speaking populations to vote .
Voto Latino , championed by celluloid celebrities including Rosario Dawson , was among groups mounting large voter registration and outreach efforts in Colorado .
The group signed up nearly 30,000 young Latinos in key battleground states from January through the end of the primaries in June .
The biggest boost in turnout came from Latino voters in Colorado , according to Joelle Martinez , an adviser to Voto Latino who assisted with organizing efforts in the state .
“ The increase can be attributed to an aggressive voter registration effort and get - out - the - vote activities , which included early and absentee voting , ” Martinez said .
On Election Day , Voto Latino focused its efforts specifically on Latino turnout in the Denver area , Pueblo and Weld counties , because those areas have Latino populations higher than 25 percent , according to federal census figures from 2006 .
Voto Latino partnered with organizations such as the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 7 and Latina Initiative .
Maria Teresa Petersen , founding executive director of Voto Latino , claims the Latino vote is changing the country ’s electorate .
“ On a national level we have witnessed a literal shift in the electoral map that corresponds to the larger demographic changes in this country since the last presidential election in 2004 , ” Petersen said .
The Pew Center reported that the Latino vote was significantly more Democratic this year than in 2004 , a year when President George W. Bush snagged an estimated 40 percent of the voting demographic , which ranges in diversity from Mexican - Americans in the southwestern states to Cuban - Americans in Florida and Puerto Ricans in New York .
Petersen notes it would be wrong to take the demographic for granted and assume that Latinos will vote blue .
“ The significance of this election demonstrates a potential for the Democratic Party to solidify the Latino vote , but is not necessarily a done deal for Democrats , ” said Petersen .
“ For Republicans to succeed in realigning and galvanizing Latino support in the future , however , [ would require ] an immediate re-look at the immigration issues that have proved divisive , or a risk of losing this significant electorate for good . ”
“ The Latino vote was motivated both by Barack Obama ’s campaign and growing economic concerns , ” Martinez said .
“ The record increase in Latino voter turnout also had a direct impact on the down ticket , which resulted in victory for both [ congressional Democrats ] Sen. Mark Udall and Rep. Betsy Markey . ”
In Colorado the polls reported that Latinos supported Democrat Obama and running mate Joe Biden over Republicans John McCain and Sarah Palin by a ratio of more than 2 - 1 , with 73 percent backing Obama and 27 percent supporting McCain .
Nationally , Latinos preferred Obama by a margin of 67 percent to 31 percent , according to the Pew center .
Growing influence
Along with Voto Latino , organizations such as Mi Familia Vota and the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials implemented a three - point strategy to turn out Latino voters on Election Day in Denver , Weld and Pueblo counties .
The plan included distributing door hangers and canvassing door to door in Latino neighborhoods , reminding individuals to vote .
The organizations also provided Spanish - language assistance to voters with poll questions .
Latinos accounted for half the population growth in the United States since 2000 , with five Colorado counties reporting dramatic increases of 41 percent or more , according to another study released from the Pew center in October .
Five counties — Denver , Douglas , Arapahoe , Garfield and Eagle — all had Hispanic populations increase by more than 41 percent , a statistic that indicates “ fast growth , ” according to the study , which examined federal census data .
The same counties in the state also reported steady “ fast growth ” in the 1990s .
Federal estimates peg Colorado ’s Latino population at 20 percent of the state ’s total population , and the number has shown no signs of declining in the past 10 years .
Despite protests in some corners of an “ invasion ” of Spanish - speakers to the United States , overall Latino population is just 15 percent of the nation ’s total population , and no Colorado county was listed in either the top 25 Latino population centers or highest - growth regions in the country .
For census purposes , the Pew center uses the term “ Hispanic ” — referring to persons who come from 19 predominantly Spanish - speaking countries or who consider themselves of Spanish heritage from Central and South America , the Caribbean or Spain .
The Sunday New York Times has a front page article more or less blaming Bush for the housing and credit crisis .
Its part of their “ The Reckoning ” series , and it is in some ways , off base .
The long article ( written by 3 people ) comes close to some real truths , but it veers off , focusing on some minor and irrelevant elements .
One side note : Critics of newspapers never seem to understand that headlines are not by the article ’s author (s ) , but by an editor .
Hence , why the headline focus is sometimes misplaced or emphasizes the wrong issue .
This discussion is very nuanced , so if you get most of your news and information from talk radio or any of the Faux channels , well , you should n’t bother reading any further .
Pursuing this will only hurt make your brain hurt , or make you angry , or both .
Let ’s start out with a brief excerpt from Bailout Nation :
From Reagan to George W. Bush , each President of the past 25 years bears some responsibility for contributing to the belief that we can let markets govern themselves .
Of the four Presidents over that period of time , President George W. Bush is the one with the seemingly greatest culpability .
Not just because this crisis happened on his watch — although that is reason enough to give him a fair share of responsibility .
More significantly , the basis of his culpability is that he shared Greenspan ’s and Gramm ’s radical belief system — that markets could police themselves , and that all regulation was inherently bad .
This philosophy colored all of the President ’s appointments to key supervisory positions , as well as his legislative agenda .
That philosophy , and the executive , administrative and legislative acts , including political appointments , is where we should focus our ire at the soon the be former - President Bush .
The belief system that leads to the conclusion that really bad behavior in the corporate world needs no proscribing is where you should look to place blame .
That Bush had as a goal increased home ownership is , quite bluntly , irrelevant .
It is a worthy goal , and certainly one that could be achieved without forcing the collapse of the financial system .
Indeed , as the chart at right shows ( source : NYT ) , home ownership has increased every year since 1994 .
Funny , from that year and for each of the next 10 years , there was no collapse .
You have to ask yourself why .
No , the 1997 Tax Break , did not , as the NYT implied yesterday , Help Cause Housing Bubble .
Home ownership was rising years before that went into effect .
What Bush did differently than prior Presidents was that he genuinely believed that regulations proscribing bad corporate behavior were unnecessary .
It was that ruinous belief system , one he shared with other key players , that led to the crisis .
In fairness to Bush , many of the really bad policies that led to the boom and bust of Housing , and the collapse of credit , were in place before he was sworn into office .
In particular , the repeal of Glass Steagall ( Gramm - Biley - Leach Act ) , and the Commodities Future Modernization Act ( CFMA ) , were both heavily lobbied for by the industry , sponsored by Phil Gramm , and passed by a Congress that did n’t bother to read them .
They were both signed into law by Bill Clinton .
That set of legislation is where you begin to find answers to The Reckoning .
Consider :
“ Former Presidents Clinton , George H.W. Bush , and Reagan all have some responsibility , but far less .
Bush Senior is probably the least culpable .
Reagan did not reappoint Fed Chair Paul Volcker , and replaced him with Alan Greenspan .
Regardless of other actions , this alone haunts his legacy , and gives the Gipper some degree of responsibility .
While some partisans have tried to paint the crisis a purely Republican debacle , history informs us otherwise .
Yes , the GOP did control Congress from 1994 to 2006 .
However , President Clinton , a Democrat , bears a significant amount of responsibility too .
He and his Treasury Secretaries , Robert Rubin and Lawrence Summers , each supported very limited regulation of free markets .
Clinton , Rubin and Summers are one step behind W. in the hierarchy of proximate causes of the debacle . ” ( Bailout Nation )
The requisite Fannie Mae / Freddie Mac discussion in the article is simply silly .
Yes , FNM / FRE were cogs in the housing machinery , yes , they were corrupt organizations .
No , they were not a proximate cause of the boom / bust / collapse .
For those of you who keep asking why I emphasize this , this article is why .
Increasing home ownership in America is a legitimate political goal .
Waiving down - payments requirements , dropping lending standards , allowing predatory lenders to flourish — that is what is the underlying cause of boom bust and collapse .
Once again , we relearn that worthy ends do not justify foolish means .
>
Previously :
Pricing in a Bush Presidency ( July 08 , 2008 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2008/07/pricing-in-a-bush-presidency/
Source :
White House Philosophy Stoked Mortgage Bonfire
JO BECKER , SHERYL GAY STOLBERG and STEPHEN LABATON
NYT , December 20 , 2008
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/21/business/21admin.html
Electron microscopic image of a single human “ killer ” T - cell ( Image : US National Cancer Institute )
A drug extracted from a plant used in Chinese medicine has helped immune cells fight HIV and raises the possibility of slowing the ageing process in other parts of our bodies .
The method hinges upon telomeres – caps of repetitive DNA found at the ends of chromosomes .
These get shorter as cells age and are thought to affect the cell ’s lifespan .
The caps can be rebuilt with an enzyme called telomerase , and some people have suggested it might be possible to extend human life by boosting telomerase production – though this has never been tested .
Advertisement
Now Rita Effros at the University of California in Los Angeles has used a drug that boosts telomerase to enhance the immune response to viruses .
Effros and her colleagues had previously inserted part of the telomerase gene into so - called killer T - cells – immune cells that fight infections including HIV – and found that the cells had stronger anti-viral activity than normal .
However , such gene therapy is not a practical way of treating the millions of people infected with HIV .
In the latest work , Effros took killer T - cells from HIV - infected people and exposed them to TAT2 .
Developed by Geron Corporation of Menlo Park , California , TAT2 is a drug extracted from the root of a plant called Astragalus that is thought to boost telomerase production and is traditionally used in Chinese medicine as a boost for the immune system .
She found that TAT2 reduced telomere shortening , increased cells ’ ability to divide , and enhanced their antiviral activity .
This effect was blocked when a second drug was used to inhibit telomerase , suggesting that TAT2 was indeed working through the enzyme – although the exact mechanism is not understood .
Immune boost
“ It is beginning to look like telomerase is doing more than just keeping telomeres from getting too short , ” says Effros .
“ It seems to be mediating some anti-viral mechanisms as well . ”
Interestingly , a previous study suggested that people with HIV who control the infection for many years without developing AIDS , have killer T - cells with high telomerase activity and longer telomeres .
Ultimately , Effros hopes that TAT2 could be used to supplement existing anti-retroviral drugs , by boosting the immune systems of people with HIV .
Aubrey de Grey of the Methuselah Foundation , which promotes research into lifespan extension , says the study is a big step forward .
“ It is what we would have hoped , ” he says .
“ We ’ve thought for some time that , by activating telomerase in these cells , we could extend their proliferative capacity .
What was completely unclear was whether that would [ have negative side effects ] .
These cells become fully functional as a result of the restoration of their proliferative capacity . ”
However , some safety concerns remain , as telomerase is known to be produced at higher than normal rates in cancer cells .
Low cancer risk
The good news is that when TAT2 was added to tumour cells it did n’t affect the amount of telomerase that was produced by the cells .
Neither did it change the growth characteristics of immune cells that were incubated with a virus that can trigger cancer .
“ We are fairly confident at this point that TAT2 wo n’t enhance cancer development , ” says Effros , although she cautions that further trials are needed to confirm this .
Her confidence is also boosted by the fact that Astragalus is used in Chinese medicine without any obvious adverse effects .
She warns , though , against taking large doses of Astragalus to try and mimic the TAT2 effect .
“ Uncontrolled use of any herbal drug is not wise and I would not advocate it , ” she says .
Effros and de Grey believe that TAT2 could also find applications in other diseases and general ageing – though these have not yet been tested .
Killer T - cells fight many other viruses besides HIV , and often enter into a state of anergy – where they stop dividing but wo n’t die – in elderly people .
Since response to flu vaccine in elderly people seems to be correlated with having lots of killer T - cells with short telomeres , “ One can envision perhaps improving the vaccine response and other anti-viral responses in the elderly by TAT2 , ” says Effros .
And in terms of more general tissue regeneration , “ if TAT2 can do what the telomerase gene seems to do by keeping cells growing and functioning longer , maybe it could help in tissue regeneration approaches to ageing . ”
Journal reference : The Journal of Immunology ( vol 181 , p 7400 )
Nathaniel sez , " Sonicwall , the web content filtering vendor , now blocks XKCD as " Adult / Mature " .
A STICK FIGURE COMIC is now too mature for the internet .
Classic . "
As of this week I can no longer see XKCD at my office , due to SonicWall , a content filter service my company subscribes to .
It is not blocked as " Adult / Mature Content " .
As this is the same service some businesses that offer public wifi use ( Panera Bread in particular ) , this may mean XKCD has been dropped from a lot of public places .
I do n't blame you , guy .
I blame SonicWall .
They 're most anal about the smallest things .
Only recently has my office gotten access again to MySpace , which was also listed as " Adult / Mature " .
principiadiscordia.com was listed as " Occult " ; now it 's still blocked , but listed as " Other " .
My best guess is that what did it for XKCD was the sexual positions strip …as far as I can tell , these people have little brain and less sense of humor .
HOME | JOURNAL TABLE of CONTENTS | EDITORIAL BOARD | AUTHOR INFO | JOURNAL HISTORY
© 2008 Journal of Evolution and Technology .
All Rights Reserved .
Published by the Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies
Environmental activists have stopped flights at Essex 's Stansted airport after breaking through to the runway , police and airport officials say .
" The runway has been closed , " a spokeswoman for Stansted airport , which mostly serves short - haul European flights , said .
" All inbound aeroplanes have been held at their points of departure , so there have been no diversions , " she added .
Police said the protesters had locked themselves to fencing and that 16 had been arrested so far in an ongoing operation .
" We would hope to get the airport fully functional by 8:00 am ( local time ) , " Stansted divisional police commander Ian Gruneberg told BBC radio , which said about 50 protesters had broken on to the runway .
Climate action group Plane Stupid said on its website it was behind the protest .
" The group intends to maintain its blockade for as long as possible , preventing the release of thousands of tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere , " it said .
" We 're here because our parents ' generation has failed us and its now down to young people to stop climate change by whatever peaceful means we have left . "
Stansted is operated by BAA , a unit of Spanish infrastructure group Ferrovial and is a major base for budget carrier Ryanair among other airlines .
- Reuters
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Hamas Islamists fired long - range rockets at a southern Israel city on Friday after an Israeli air strike on their Gaza stronghold in the 11th day of skirmishes that threaten a five - month - old truce .
The armed wing of the Islamist group said it fired five Grad rockets , the longest - range weapon it has used against the Jewish state .
Israel said they hit Ashkelon , north of Gaza on the Mediterranean coast , with no casualties .
Israel and Hamas blamed each other for the flare - up since November 4 , in which 12 Hamas militants have been killed by Israeli forces and scores of rockets fired into Israel .
But both shied away from declaring an end to the Egyptian - brokered truce .
“ We will continue to forcefully defend Israeli soldiers and citizens , to thwart attempts to stage attacks when we discover them , ” Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak said .
“ At the same time , if the other side wants to continue the calm we will definitely give it positive consideration . ”
Hamas took a similar stand .
“ Up to this moment we are committed to the ceasefire , ” said Mahmoud al - Zahar , a Hamas leader .
“ Self - defense and resistance ” would continue .
“ We are waiting for the Israelis .
If they are really committed ( to a truce ) we have to address that frankly . ”
The 1960s - era Soviet - made Grad rocket has a range of 25 km ( 15 miles ) .
Two of them struck Ashkelon .
Earlier , Palestinian medics said two Hamas fighters were wounded in an Israeli air strike , which a military spokesman said was in response to an earlier rocket attack .
After the air strike , Hamas said it fired eight shorter - range Qassam rockets aimed at the city of Sderot .
Two Qassams hit , causing damage to buildings , an Israeli police spokesman said .
One Israeli was treated for shrapnel wounds and a number of people suffered shock .
NEXT MOVE
Israel ’s caretaker prime minister , Ehud Olmert , said in a statement after consultations with defense chiefs that Israel would not tolerate the rocket fire .
It would continue to apply economic pressure on Hamas through border crossings .
Israel has not allowed humanitarian supplies into the Gaza Strip since November 4 , when its troops raided the territory to destroy what the army described as a tunnel built by militants to kidnap Israeli soldiers .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Six Hamas gunmen were killed in the raid .
Militants responded to the incursion with rocket salvoes .
Israel said the crossings would remain shut for now .
United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon called on Israel to allow urgently fuel and humanitarian aid into Gaza , where 750,000 Palestinians are in need of food .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Short of fuel , Gaza shut down its sole power plant , and rationed electricity it gets from Israel and Egypt .
Some Gaza bakeries posted notices on Friday limiting the purchase of bread , although no major shortages were reported .
The EU also urged Israel to let aid supplies through .
“ I am profoundly concerned about the consequences for the Gazan population of the complete closure of all Gaza crossings for deliveries of fuel and basic humanitarian assistance , ” External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero - Waldner said .
Israeli troops also killed four gunmen in a raid on Wednesday , prompting more rocket and mortar attacks from Gaza .
Hamas is in conflict with the Fatah faction of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas which holds sway in the Israeli - occupied West Bank and is negotiating with Israel on peace terms .
The rift between them widened in 2007 as Hamas took control of Gaza .
Egypt brokered the Israel - Hamas truce , but Palestinian unity talks it is mediating faltered earlier this month .
Hello everyone from Abduzeedo !
If you are anything like me , you have this site in your regular reading list for inspiration .
I 've been so inspired by so many things here , that I thought it would be good to share a few things back with the world .
I talked to the very nice Fabio here at Abduzeedo , and he thought a light version of my photo art tutorial would be fun for a guest post .
Trey Ratcliff - www.stuckincustoms.com
So , this is really a short version of the big tutorial here on my blog , which you may or may not enjoy if you had any inkling of linking .
You should note that this is not really JUST an HDR tutorial .
The process begins with that , but ends with significant steps thereafter .
If you have seen HDR photographs , then you probably have noticed how many of them are kinda rough on the eyes .
I 've evolved ( and continue to ) a new technique to bring these full circle back into something that " feels " more right to me .
What is HDR ?
HDR is short for High Dynamic Range .
It is a software technique of taking either one image or a series of images , combining them , and adjusting the contrast ratios to do things that are virtually impossible with a single aperture and shutter speed .
Most of the images in " Your Top 100 Favorites " are HDR , so you can take a look there if you want to see more examples than in this tutorial .
I will post a few interesting HDR photographs that I have taken that people seem to like .
This one immediately beneath has the honor of being the first HDR photo every to hang in the Smithsonian Museum in Washington DC .
I think this goes to show how mainstream and accepted HDR can be , if the technique is properly applied .
I 'm a huge defender and believer of utilizing HDR as a technique for processing photos because I think it helps to evoke my actual memory of the scene .
It 's just another tool that digital photographers can utilize depending on the situation .
As opposed to the camera shutter and aperture , the human eye actually scans the scene at a very high rate of speed , constantly adjusting the pupil diameter to adjust the light and color levels .
The brain builds a quilt - like image that is comprised of millions of little bits , combined with neuron - connected memories of colors of objects .
For example , when you look at a sunset , you can see all the colors of the clouds and sky , but you can also see all the colors of the trees and rocks in the foreground .
This is why , many times , people get home after a vacation and sigh at their pictures and tell their friends , " Well , it was much better when you were there .
" With this technique and a bit of practice , no one will ever have to say such a sad thing again .
Step 1 : Get your tools on
What apps do you need ?
I have the three core essentials here : Photoshop , Photomatix , and Lightroom .
All of these are available for the PC and the Mac.
Note , of course , that Lightroom can be swapped out with Aperture or Bridge if you wish ...
One new program to you might be Photomatix , which is quite inexpensive with my coupon code of " StuckInCustoms " .
You can purchase it for download here .
I 've been using it for years , and I sent so many people to their site that they gave me a discount code to increase sales !
There are many programs I have tried for this technique , and Photomatix is still the best .
Step 2 : Get some equipment on the sly so your spouse does not ask too many questions
I have a full " My Equipment " page here , which is much more organized than the following Hawthornesque ramble .
What kind of equipment do you need ?
All you really need is a camera that has autobracketing .
Autobracketing is the ability for your camera to take at least 3 pictures right after one another , each at different shutter speeds .
If you are hunting around the menus on your camera now , just look for the words Autobracketing and perhaps some numbers like - 2 , 0 , +2 .
If you have a DSLR camera , then you probably have this ability .
I notice that some of the high - end consumer compact cameras have these as well .
Recommended Low End Camera : Nikon D40 with 18 - 55 mm Lens Note : I do n't recommend this entry level camera because it does not do autobracketing .
It DOES take shots in RAW format , and you can use that for making HDRs ( later in the tutorial ) , but I believe it is better to have a camera that does have autobracketing built in .
Recommended Mid Range Camera : D80 with 18 - 55 mm VR Lens
This is a great camera .
It will treat you well and it will last you a lifetime of great shots .
Recommended High End Camera : Nikon D3
This camera is the ultimate .
I can say no more .
As for me , I have a Nikon D2X , but I am expecting to get the Nikon D3X any day now .
Then , my life will be complete , truly .
Well , except for a few minor things that would help take the edge off ...
Step 3 - Look at the world in HDR
It is key to choose good HDR candidates .
What I look for are extreme levels in light in a given scene .
Below is a selection of five photos that I shot in New York at Times Square .
This is one of the pictures that Getty is currently representing , so I think it is a good example of how to take something mundane and turn it into something beautiful that can be mass market and selected by major agencies .
And here is another photographic - philosophical moment .
Everyone shoots Times Square in New York .
Everyone .
Professionals , tourists , teenagers with grainy cell phone cameras , etc .
Think about it and name your worldwide location : Paris , New York , Shanghai - these places are filled with thousands of photographers , many of them very very good , with incredible equipment and great training .
YET , it is still quite difficult to get an " original " shot .
You end up with just about the same shot that everyone or anyone else can get .
So this New York picture is a good example .
If you look at this one below , you will see it is a " decent " and " serviceable " shot .
However , look at the final version right below that , and you can see how much more interesting and engaging it is .
The BEFORE shot , selected in Lightroom .
The AFTER shot , after running it through Photomatix and Photoshop :
Step 4 - Take your autobracketed pictures and prepare for the HDR
Set up your camera in Aperture Priority mode .
Turn on Autobracketing .
If you have 3 pics in the autobracket , set it up at - 2 , 0 , +2.
On my Nikon D2x , I usually take 5 pics at - 2 , - 1 , 0 , 1 , +2. I usually do 5 pictures in extreme light or extreme dark .
The rest of the time , three pictures seems to be okay .
Below , you can see that I have selected 5 pictures from Times Square .
You can also easily see that they are all taken at different shutter speeds .
By the way , you can click on any picture to go its Flickr page , where you can then click on ALL SIZES then ORIGINAL at the top if you want to zoom in all the way .
Step 5 - Photomatix
Now it is time to fire up Photomatix and get crunk in the HDR house .
Okay that was stupid .
Photomatix will take your 3 + shots and convert them into an HDR image .
You can then tonemap the image and save it as a JPEG .
I 'll take you through this process .
The easiest way to use Photomatix ( more in the longer tutorial ) is to just go to the menu and click GENERATE .
Choose the images you like then click OK .
You will then see a second dialog .
I have selected the most common choices that I make .
That " Ghosting " area never seems to work so well for me , so I do n't check it .
I have a better method for ghosting that I will show you later .
Click OK again and now your computer will churn like a farm of computers generating a single frame from a Pixar movie .
You will soon see a strange looking image on the screen .
You are not done yet - not even close .
That is an HDR image and you can't really do anything with it until it is tonemapped .
So , go up to HDR in the menu and select Tone Mapping .
Now you will get a nice little dialog with all these fun gizmos and Willy Wonka - like controls .
Every picture is different .
There is no " right way " to set these sliders .
There is certainly a " wrong " way to do it , though .
I am sure you have seen lots of crappy HDR images .
Below , I paste an example of how you can really make your image look too funkadelic .
Funkadelic is cool if that is what you want or you have a lot of druggie friends that like laser light shows and your mind - bending HDRs , but most people do n't like them .
Actually , please do n't look at my old work .
It 's a little over - the - top too ...
I cringe when I think about it .
Just look at the newer stuff .
Thank you kindly .
Above , you can see the options I selected .
It 's way overdone .
Below , you can see better selections .
Here are a few things I do ... although none of these are cast in stone .
I like to crank up the White Point and Black Point bars to give it some punch and contrast .
I also like to slide the Luminosity bar over to the right as far as I can before it looks too flat .
The further right the Lum bar is , the less halo effect you get as well .
If you do n't know what the " Halo " effect is , you will soon enough - especially with daytime shots .
Another way to combat that is with the next few steps I go through below .
Once you have set everything up with the sliders , click PROCESS .
Save the resulting image as a .jpg and then prepare to bring it into Photoshop .
Step 6 - Photoshop fun
As you might have seen , Photomatix is great , but it probably messed up parts of the image that you now need to repair .
This , briefly , is what we are gonna do .
a ) import 3 images to make 3 layers - the .jpg HDR you just made , the original RAW , and the darkest RAW .
b ) repair the blown - out areas with the correct areas from the dark layer and
c ) repair the ghosty cars and people with the real cars and real people from the first RAW file .
Below , you can see I am importing one of the original 5 pictures .
Okay , in this next screenshot , if you look over on the layers , you will see there are 3 of them .
TOP LAYER - the cool HDR we just made in Photomatix .
MIDDLE LAYER - the DARKEST of the 5 original images .
BOTTOM LAYER - the MIDDLE exposure of the original 5 .
The current layer showing is the 2nd layer .
You can see why I chose this one - all of the lighted ads are very sharp and readable , whereas in all the other shots , including the HDR version , they are all jumbled and unreadable .
As you can also see , I have the AUTO ALIGN layers dialog up .
I am using that to make sure all 3 layers line up correctly .
This is a CS3 option .
If you have CS2 , you will have to do it yourself .
Also , I am going to throw something at you here called MASKING .
This is a really valuable thing to know when cleaning up HDRs .
Essentially , what you are doing is taking the TOP LAYER - the HDR layer , and then " punching through " to see the layers beneath .
If you look closely at the layers on the right in the screenshot below , you can see that I have created a LAYER MASK for the TOP LAYER .
If you see those little black and grey marks there , that is where I have painted black to see the MIDDLE LAYER beneath .
I used a paint brush , adjusted the opacity to about 30 % , and kept painting until enough of the middle layer shined through .
Now , I combine those two layers into a single layer .
We now have two layers .
TOP LAYER - the HDR with the fixed ads and blown out areas .
BOTTOM LAYER - the original RAW photo with the nice streaking yellow taxis and busses .
We need to fix the HDR image on top because , if you look closely , there is lots of ripping and ghosting that looks unnatural .
We create another LAYER MASK , then use the 30 % brush to paint through to the bottom layer .
As you can see from the extreme black in many areas , I painted over many many times until I was effectively at 100 % brush , but you do n't want to start with that because sometimes the transition between the HDR and the original RAW can be too extreme .
Now , there is just some general cleanup left .
I used the blur tool on the sky since there was some noise there , cropped the entire image better , and then pulled up the " LEVELS " dialog to adjust the overall brightness and contrast .
I think HDRs look best when there are dark blacks somewhere in the image .
Sometimes HDRs do n't have a single black dot anywhere in them , and they can look a little fake .
I like to take the viewer 's eye on a little visual tour - de - force !
Below , we can see the final image once again !
All the hard work has paid off !
Behold !
There are a few other techniques on the longer version of this tutorial for different conditions .
One common question is how to do this with just one RAW photo .
That is easy and can be done with Photomatix as well .
Over the next month , I will be updating the tutorial for 2009 , and I will continue to update it and evolve it with newer , better techniques as I figure them out every few months or so .
I hope this has been useful to you !
I will close with a few of the most recent shots I have processed in the last month or so ... and remember , you can do this stuff too !
It just takes a lot of practice and failure .
Remember what Winston Churchill said : " Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm . "
David Doss , senior executive producer of “ Election Center , ” said that Ms. Brown can be as relentless with colleagues as she is with a reluctant guest .
“ ‘ Come on , Candy , come on , John , come on , Roland , ’ ” he said , stringing together Ms. Brown ’s recent on - air proddings to Candy Crowley , John King and Roland Martin , all of CNN .
“ She is horrible to work with , ” Mr. Doss added , laughing .
“ She challenges everyone . ”
In response to the many viewers who posted messages at cnn.com complaining that her “ Free Sarah Palin ” monologue was unfair to the McCain campaign , Ms. Brown cited an array of other reports on “ Election Center ”  many of them by Tom Foreman and Joe Johns under the heading of a “ No bias , No bull report card ”  that had been skeptical of Senator Barack Obama , Mr. McCain ’s Democratic rival .
For example , after showing a clip on Sept. 22 in which Mr. Obama asserted that “ if my opponent had his way , the millions of Floridians who rely on it would have had their Social Security tied up in the stock market , ” Mr. Foreman made the following observation : “ Well , Campbell , if retirees are afraid John McCain wants to take away their checks as Obama suggested , they need to know that it ’s just not true . ”
Ms. Brown , 40 , does concede that the kind of journalism she is now doing at CNN is less traditional than that taught at journalism schools  or , for that matter , practiced by her previous employer , NBC , which assigned her to cover the Bush White House and , later , to be a host of “ Weekend Today . ”
( She had been regarded as a candidate to succeed Katie Couric as a host of “ Today , ” and left the network several months after the job went to Meredith Vieira .
“ As journalists , and certainly for me over the last few years , we ’ve gotten overly obsessed with parity , especially when we ’re covering politics , ” Ms. Brown said .
“ We kept making sure each candidate got equal time  to the point that it got ridiculous in a way . ”
A To Z Guide & Photo ’s Of The Different Types Of Hash We Have Lots Of Great Hash Photo ’s From Around The World With Full Descriptions .
You Can Almost Taste The Hashish Smoke , As It Rolls Across Your Lips As You Read About Them Page 1 Of 2 — A Thru M All You Need To Know A To Z About Hash Page 2
A To Z Hash Section Page # 2 Of 2 M Thru Z All You Need To Know About Hash , Hash Oil & Making Hash
Main A To Z Hash Section Starting Page Main A To Z Hash Section Starting Page Harder types of resin – mostly from Morocco and Lebanon are made by sifting mature cannabis flowers through a series of sieves until only a resinous powder remains .
This powder is compressed and heated to allow the resins to melt and stick together forming blocks .
The resin is then compressed into blocks and sealed with cellophane or cloth .
The result is a hard , brittle hash , usually light yellow to brown and sometimes even reddish brown .
Generally , the really hard and yellow stuff which is cerebral is old Lebanese on the whole , and the slightly darker brown hash is usually Moroccan .
Apparently , new Lebanese is often also malleable .
The method used in Southern Asia involves rubbing the living flowers of the cannabis plants with hands , a leather apron or other implements .
The aim is to get the soft and sticky resins to stick to a surface which can be taken somewhere to be processed and collated .
These are then scraped off the skin or leather and rolled into lumps of various sizes and compressed into blocks .
The color is usually dark - brown to black on the surface and lighter on the interior – air contact makes this hash go darker in color .
The consistency is normally soft and a lump can usually be moulded into various shapes or sausages .
Usually , the potency of seized hash varies from under 1 % THC to 26 % THC .
Typically the strength is 3 % to 8 % THC , with
the rest being vegetable matter .
Remember that THC is not the only drug in cannabis – there are various others such as
CBD and CBN which all add to the effect .
Strain : Afghani ( Afghanistan ) Cultivation :
Hashish is produced practically everywhere in and around Afghanistan .
The best kinds of Hash originate from the Northern provinces between Hindu Kush and the Russian border ( Balkh , Mazar - i- Sharif ) .
As tourist in Afghanistan it will be very difficult to be allowed to see Cannabis - Fields or Hash Production .
Production :
The plants which are used for Hash production are very small and bushy Indicas .
In Afghanistan Hashish is pressed by hand under addition of a small quantity of tea or water .
The Hashish is worked on until it becomes highly elastic and has a strong aromatic smell .
In Afghanistan the product is stored in the form of Hash - Balls ( because a round ball has the less contact with air ) , however , before being shipped , the Hash is pressed in 100g slabs .
Good qualities of Afghani are signed with the stem of the producing family .
Sometimes Hash of this kind is sold as Royal Afghani .
Color :
Black on the outside , dark greenish or brown inside .
Can sometimes look kind of grayish on the outside when left in contact with the air .
Smell : Spicy to very spicy .
Taste :
Very spicy , somewhat harsh on the throat .
Afghani can induce lots of coughing in inexperienced users .
Consistency : Soft , can be kneaded very easily .
Effect : Almost narcotic , produces a very physical and stony high .
Potency : Potent , sometimes very potent .
It ’s easy to underestimate the potency of Afghani since the high takes about 5 minutes to reach it ’s full potential .
( 1.7 % - 6.5 % THC ) Availability : Quite rare , especially good qualities .
Beside Moroccan Hash , Afghani is the most common kind of Hash on the European market .
The price is usually higher than Moroccan but quality differs greatly .
If I have the choice of Moroccan or Afghani then I would go for the stonier and more narcotic Afghani .
Various :
The softest Afghani is n’t always the best – coconut or other oils are often added in the originating country .
There is also some Hash - Oil which is being produced from Afghani , usually the quality is excellent .
Most people I know are bored of Afghani if they have to smoke it for a long time , on the other side there are people who love this stuff .
Beware : Turkish Hash is sometimes offered under the name of Red Afghani .
Strain : Charas ( India ) Cultivation : Cannabis is cultivated nearly everywhere around India .
Production :
In India Hash is produced by carefully rubbing the female buds between the hands .
The resin is rolled in Hash - Balls , before shipment it ’s pressed in the usual slabs .
Color : Black on the outside , dark greenish / brown inside .
Smell : Spicy to very spicy .
Distinctive aroma .
Taste :
Very spicy , somewhat harsh on the throat but definitively less so than Afghani .
Consistency : Very soft , can be kneaded easily like Afghani .
Sometimes quite powdery though always dense .
Effect : Very stony and physical high .
Cerebral .
Potency : Potent to very potent .
Like Nepali , Charas is almost always good smoke .
( 10 - 26 % THC ) Availability : Very rare , from time to time very small quantities become available .
Most Hash of this kind is imported by private travelers to India .
As expected the price is very high , in the range of Nepali .
Charas is usually sold as a ‘ finger ’ , which is a sausage shaped piece of hash .
Strain : Kashmiri ( Kashmir / India ) Cultivation : No information available .
Production : Kashmir is the only Moslem country where Hashish is produced by hand like in Nepal and Afghanistan .
Usually the producers in Kashmir are n’t able to press the slabs decently .
Color : Black on the outside , brown - greenish inside .
White lines usually present .
Smell : Very spicy and aromatic .
Taste : Quite an acquired taste , however not harsh on the throat .
Consistency : Somewhat harder than Afghani with less resin content .
Natural oils are often added to render the Hash soft .
Effect : Physical and stony high .
Potency : Potent to very potent .
( 10 - 12 % THC ) Availability : Very rare .
Strain : Lebanese ( Lebanon ) Cultivation :
The most important Cannabis - Fields are located in the valley of Baalbek .
The fields are cultivated on very large scale , many of them using modern machinery .
The production is very industrially oriented , tradition is not very involved in the Hash - Business .
Production : The Cannabis - Plants are left on the field until they are nearly dry .
By this time they will have acquired a brown - reddish color ( some Chlorophyll is destroyed by the UV - Rays of the Sun ) .
Finally the plants are brought in a barn to be dried completely .
Hashish is produced in the same way as in Morocco , basically the buds are carefully rubbed over a fine silk - cloth , the resulting powder can be pressed together .
Than finer the mesh used , than better the resulting Hashish .
The Hash - Powder is stored inside 35kg plastic bags , in this form it can be kept for a long time without losing much potency ( because the resin glands are still closed ) .
In the winter months the pressing begins .
Hash - Powder is filled in linen or cotton bag and pressed under great pressure .
On the surface of the Hashish the structure of the tissue which was used can be clearly seen .
Usually the Hash is pressed in slabs of 100g , 200g ( usually ) or 1000g ( 1kg ) .
There is some Hash which is pressed by hand like in Afghanistan , unfortunately it ’s usually not exported .
Color :
There are two kinds of Lebanese - Hash : Yellow Lebanese , which is yellowish and Red Lebanese which is reddish - brown ( very similar to standard Morocco in color ) .
The Red -Lebanese is made from riper plants .
Smell : Spicy to very spicy , refreshing smell .
Taste :
Very spicy , harsher than Turk or Morocco .
Some Lebanese - Hash is harsher than Afghani , especially when smoked in a Bong .
Lebanese is quite an acquired taste .
Consistency : Usually the slabs are very thick ( about 2 - 3 cm ) and not elastic .
However when you cut it , you can clearly see that it contains big quantities of resin and that it can be cut easily .
Some kinds of Lebanese , like Afghani have the family stem on them .
Very good Lebanese can be re-pressed by hand like Afghani due to it ’s high resin-content .
Effect : Compared to most other Hash varieties the High is quite cerebral , however more stony than Morocco or Turk .
Of course , the yellow kind produces a more cerebral high than the red kind ( which is riper and contains more CBN than THC ) .
Potency : Usually not very strong , somewhat stronger than Morocco .
However there are also very good varieties of Lebanon which are very strong .
As already mentioned the high resin content of the better varieties can be clearly seen and it can be re-pressed by hand .
( 1.0 % - 18 % THC ) Availability : Quite rare , good qualities are very rare .
However Lebanese is the third most common kind of Hash in Europe ( after Morocco and Afghani ) .
Unfortunately most of the Lebanese which is sold is quite old and dry , fresh and resinous Lebanese is very rare in the last years .
Usually the price - range can be compared to that of Afghani .
I noticed that Yellow - Lebanese is somewhat rarer than the red .
Various : I ’m told that the best Lebanese - Hash is called Zahret el Kolch .
The availability of Lebanese is likely to increase since the crop substitution programs run by the UN have been severely under funded , and farmers are returning to more traditional crops to make a living .
Strain : Manali ( India / Himalaya Region ) Production : The Hash is produced by hand like in Afghanistan and Nepal .
From what I heard the Hash production is organized by Europeans .
Color : Black on the outside , greenish - brown inside .
Smell : Reminds somewhat of Weed .
Taste : Reminds somewhat of Weed .
Consistency : Hard to very hard ( when older ) .
Effect : Not as physical and stony as the other black kinds .
Potency : Medium to potent .
Availability : Very rare .
When available usually in the form of sticks , unfortunately often quite old .
Sonstiges : Pieces of stems and seeds can sometimes be found in the dope .
This was tried by ZZ in Amsterdam , and was the most disappointing of the gear we got .
High quality varieties are probably available though – watch out for the really old stuff .
All You Need To Know A To Z About Hash Page 2 ,
A To Z Hash Section Page # 2 of 2 M Thru Z Click The Link To Go To The Next Page 2 All You Need To Know About Hash , Hash Oil & Making Hash ”
Main A To Z Hash Section Starting Page Main A To Z Hash Section Starting Page
The supplements may protect cancer cells Taking vitamin C or E does not reduce the risk of prostate cancers - or other forms of the disease , two large US studies suggest .
Both trials were set up following some evidence that taking supplements might have a positive effect .
But one study of 35,533 men , and a second of 15,000 doctors , found no evidence that cancer rates were any lower in those taking supplements .
Both studies feature in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Supplements do n't substitute for a healthy diet and some studies have shown that they may actually increase the risk of cancer
Dr Jodie Moffat
Cancer Research UK
A number of trials had suggested that taking vitamins could cut the risk of certain cancers by boosting levels of beneficial antioxidants which work to minimise damage in the tissues , but the results were mixed .
The latest studies set out to come up with more definitive results , by involving large numbers of volunteers .
In the first study , researchers from University of Texas and the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine gave healthy men either the trace mineral selenium , vitamin E , both or a dummy pill .
The team intended to monitor all the participants for at least seven years but the trial was stopped early because the results were so disappointing .
The researchers found there were no statistically significant differences in the numbers of men who developed prostate cancer in the four groups .
In all cases the proportion of men diagnosed with prostate cancer over a five - year period was 4 % to 5 % .
In the second study , researchers at Boston 's Brigham and Women 's Hospital tested the impact of regular vitamin E and C supplements on cancer rates among 14 , 641 male doctors .
Over eight years , taking vitamin E had no impact at all on rates of either prostate cancer , or cancer in general .
Vitamin C had no significant effect .
No substitute Dr Jodie Moffat , of the charity Cancer Research UK , said : " There are a lot of studies looking at whether vitamin and mineral supplements can reduce the risk of cancer but many of them , like this one , do n't support a link .
PROSTATE CANCER
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed in men in the UK Every year in the UK 35,000 men are diagnosed
One man dies every hour of prostate cancer in the UK African Caribbean men are three times more likely to develop prostate cancer than white men " This new research means it is even less likely than we previously thought that supplements can protect against prostate cancer .
" Supplements do n't substitute for a healthy diet and some studies have shown that they may actually increase the risk of cancer . "
She added that eating a diet high in fruit and vegetables was still the best way to get the required vitamins and minerals .
John Neate , of The Prostate Cancer Charity , described the findings as " disappointing " .
" Diet does seem important in the development of prostate cancer and we recommend reducing the amount of saturated fat eaten , keeping weight under control , and increasing the intake of fruit and vegetables , " he said .
Dr Pamela Mason , scientific advisor to the Health Supplements Information Service , said all three nutrients were essential for human health .
But she added : " Vitamins and trace elements are not intended to be used like drugs .
They are intended for health maintenance and for making up dietary gaps in the population . "
Research published earlier this year suggested Vitamin C supplements may substantially reduce the benefit from a wide range of anti-cancer drugs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A turbulent star - forming region with ripples of gas , or bow shocks , that can form around stars in choppy cosmic waters .
The cloud , called M17 , or the Swan nebula , is located about 6,000 light - years away in the constellation Sagittarius
Credit : NASA
Re : Leadbelly – " One of the few ex-cons who recorded a popular children 's album . "
" A lot of people who play one kind wo n't play with people who play another kind , but me personally , I never understood any kind of border patrol when it comes to music . "
" Some people call Bob [ Seger ] the poor man 's Bruce Springsteen , but personally , I always thought Bruce was the rich man 's Bob Seger .
Love em both , though . "
Re : Red Headed Woman – " Boy , you hear a record like that , and you wish more Rockabilly bands had trumpets . "
Re : How You Gonna Get Respect — " A political statement you can dance to . "
Re : Eddy Dugash and the Ah - Ha Playboys : " Sometimes you just play a record because you like the name of the band .
I love the name of this band , but I also love the record . "
" Not all songs about crying are necessarily sad . "
Re : Robert Parker 's Barefootin ' – " The man who wrote the national anthem of shoelessness . "
Re : Jimmy Lewis – " He sounds as bad off as a rubber - nosed woodpecker in a petrified forest . "
" Willie Nelson 's tour bus runs on cooking oil … .
I 've toured with Willie … sometimes late at night you can see us , I 'm filling up my tank at the gas station and he 's filling his up at Denny's . "
" I always liked songs with parentheses in the title . "
Re : Dinah Washington 's Manhattan – " If there every was a love song to a city , I 'd say it was this one . "
Re : Prince Buster 's Taxation – " Like all great artists , he was able to turn things that bothered him into three minutes of musical pleasure .
Like here . "
Re : Porter Wagoner 's Skid Row Joe – " Next up , a very sad song .
A recitation .
A sermon .
A speechifying testification .
From Porter Wagoner , telling a tale of a sad man down on his luck in the dirty part of town . "
Re : Tex William 's Brother Drop Dead – " Some people die too soon .
Others , you 're kind of hoping .
Tex Williams has a song for such a situation . "
Re : Sinatra singing Summer Wind — " West Coast weather is the weather of catastrophe .
The Santa Ana winds are like the winds of the apocalypse .
But the summer wind that Frank 's singing about may be a little lighter .
Come on in , Frank . "
Re : Charles Aznavour — " The Frank Sinatra of France …sings in six languages – French , English , Italian .
He 's written over a thousand songs … I only know about half of them . "
Re : Memphis Minnie — " Me and My Chauffeur Blues .
One of the great blues songs of all time , one of the great car songs of all time , one of the great chauffeur songs of all time , sung by one the great old ladies of all time - Memphis Minnie . "
Re : Joni Mitchell — " Joni and I go back a long ways .
Not all the way back , but pretty far .
I 've been in a car with Joni .
Joni was driving a Lincoln .
Excellent driver .
I felt safe . "
Re : Howlin ' Wolf — " This next song is entirely without flaw and meets all the supreme standards of excellence . "
Re : Hank Williams — " One of the greatest songwriters who ever lived was Hank Williams , of course .
Hank could be headstrong and willful , a backslider and a reprobate , no stranger to bad deeds .
However , underneath all of that , he was compassionate and moralistic . "
Deep Thoughts
" I do n't trust a man who does n't tear up a little watching Old Yeller . "
" All of our shows are for truckers , if not about truckers . "
" They say the earth 's warmin ' up .
Be careful of that global warming , and wear your sunscreen . "
" Music City USA – one of the only places where a banjo player can make a six figure income . "
( CNN ) -- Verizon Wireless has fired employees connected to a breach of records from a cell phone used by President - elect Barack Obama this year , a Verizon source said Friday .
An Obama spokesman said Verizon Wireless workers looked through an old phone 's billing records .
The source would not say how many people were terminated but said " we now consider this matter closed . "
Verizon reported the breach Thursday , and Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said the transition team had been notified Wednesday .
Gibbs said the president - elect no longer uses that phone , which has been inactive for months .
The fired employees were hired " to take care of customers , " the Verizon source said , and were not authorized to access customer records unless asked to do so by the customer .
The source also said the employees in question could not have read text messages , if Obama sent or received them , and would not have been able to access the content of any voice mail messages , although they would have been able to see whether any had been left .
" This was some employees ' idle curiosity , " the source said , adding that records of no other customers of note were breached .
Ari Schwartz of the Center for Democracy and Technology said the employees probably had access to the dates and times of calls , the length of calls and the telephone numbers of those Obama spoke with .
Verizon CEO
Lowell McAdam said Thursday that the company initially put all employees who had access to the account , " whether authorized or not , " on leave during an investigation .
McAdam said the device on the account was a simple voice flip - phone , not a BlackBerry or other smartphone designed for e-mail or other data services , meaning none of Obama 's e-mail could have been accessed .
Verizon Wireless , meanwhile , has launched a separate internal investigation to determine whether Obama 's information was shared only among employees or whether " the information of our customer had in any way been compromised outside our company , and this investigation continues , " McAdam said in an internal e-mail obtained by CNN .
The company has alerted " the appropriate federal law enforcement authorities , " McAdam said .
CNN 's Brian Todd and Ed Henry contributed to this report
All About Barack Obama • Verizon Communications Inc .
Message for visitors on Mobile or small tablet .
The guitar app on this page is currently a mobile demo .
Enjoy the full app on a larger screen .
Guitar Chords
Guitar Chords are a group of at least 3 notes played together , this means three different notes , i.e. notes with 3 different pitches .
If , for example , you select an E major chord on the guitar chord generator on this page , you can see the 3 notes E , B and G# ( Ab ) make up this chord .
Some notes can be expressed as either sharp or flat ( enharmonic spelling ) , the notes sound just the same but the naming of them is decided by which key the song is in .
You can find out more about this in our music theory section .
The Guitar Chord Book is intended to be as intuitive to use as possible , but we also have instructions below !
also see the frequently asked questions page link on the right .
Members can post and answer questions in the forum .
Using the Guitar Chord Book
The chord book will load an E major chord to start you off .
Everytime you click on the Root or Type it will load a new selection of guitar chords ( inversion or voicings ) that fit the selected Root + Type combination .
The Roots show the available root keys from C upwards and the types show a variety of the most common chord types .
More Chords , Inversion and Voicings
When you have selected a guitar chord root and type , the more link will appear and this will show more chords which may be different voicings or inversions of the selected chord and in different places on the fretboard .
Acoustic or Electric Guitar
To select between our default acoustic and electric guitars , click the " Settings " link on the right .
Left or Right Handed
You can switch between right and left handed also by clicking the " Settings " link on the right .
Guitar Volume
The master volume for all app pages is also available from the Settings menu .
Strumming or Picking the Guitar
There are two available modes for playing the guitar ; strum or pick .
In Strum mode you will here the notes played back quickly one after another like when using a plectrum and they will stop after the guitar chord is complete , in pick mode they will keep going until you tell it to stop .
This is also true when using the MyChords panel .
You can toggle between these two modes using the button at the top of the guitar chords application .
Fret Selector
When you select a chord from the Root and Type panels this will be automatically set to the ideal fret for displaying this chord .
You can though adjust this yourself and you can make this go to maximum of 10th fret .
Capo
Just like a real guitar you can put a Capo on the strings to change the chord or raise the key of the chord .
You can toggle the capo on and off using the button at the top of the guitar chord application .
Finger Markers
The finger markers can be dragged onto the guitar to make a chord .
Chord Lookup / Chord Finder
If you alter the displayed chord on the guitar the lookup symbol will appear and you can try to find the name of this chord .
Save Button
In opening statements , Tom O’Brien , the federal prosecutor , said Ms. Drew had “ hatched a plan in order to prey on the psyche of a vulnerable 13 - year - old . ”
The goal , Mr. O’Brien said , was “ to embarrass her , to humiliate her , to make fun of her and to hurt her . ”
Ms. Drew knew of Megan ’s history of depression and attention - deficit disorder , he said , because Ms. Drew had given Megan her medicine when she vacationed with the Drew family .
Ms. Drew ’s lawyer argued that she was not at home when the fateful message was sent , and that while she knew about the account , she did not play an active role in sending messages to Megan .
He argued that those messages were written by an employee of Ms. Drew ’s and other young girls , and that Ms. Drew would not have understood how to set up a fake account .
Christina Meier , Megan ’s mother , testified calmly abut the messages and said she had once alerted the police when she felt they had become sexual .
“ There are two sides to every story , ” said Dean Steward , Ms. Drew ’s lawyer , who depicted Megan as a fickle friend who had taunted Sarah Drew by spreading “ horrible ” rumors about her .
Mr. Steward implored jurors to remember that “ this is a computer abuse and fraud case , not a homicide case . ”
Judge George H. Wu instructed jurors before opening arguments that Megan ’s suicide would be “ the subject of some testimony ” that could be relevant to their conclusions but that Ms. Drew was not charged with having anything to do with Megan ’s death .
Ms. Steward ’s contention that Ms. Drew had had no role in setting up the account was called into question by the first witness , Susan Prouty , who manages an interior design shop and did business with Ms. Drew , who runs a magazine coupon business .
Ms. Prouty testified that Ms. Drew had said “ she created the account ” and had intended to print out a thread of flirtatious messages to take to Megan ’s school to “ humiliate her . ”
Ms. Prouty testified that Ms. Drew told her daughter Sarah what to type , “ and had even typed some herself . ”
Ms. Prouty said that Ms. Drew , upset with Megan ’s behavior toward Sarah , had told her , “ As a mother you have to protect your daughter . ”
Task :
To double - please a foreigner .
Bit , byte , kilobyte , megabyte , gigabyte and terabyte take shape of Matryoshka dolls to make the right sequence .
Each piece is made from geniune Russian linden wood
The indivisible bit
In the 1980's , a spate of high profile child abuse convictions gave way to heightened concern about false memory reports given by children .
Take , for example , the case of Kelly Michaels , a preschool teacher who was convicted on 115 counts of sexual abuse based on the testimony of 20 of her pupils .
After serving seven years of her 47 year sentence , Michaels ' conviction was overturned after the techniques used to interview the children were shown to be coercive and highly suggestive .
Since then , a sizeable literature on children 's false memories has accumulated and until recently , the picture that had emerged was quite consistent : false memories of events were found to decrease with age throughout childhood and adolescence .
In other words , as we grow into adulthood , our memory accuracy improves .
However , psychologists Charles Brainerd and Valerie Reyna of Cornell University believe that the relationship between age and memory accuracy may not be so simple .
Drawing upon fuzzy - trace theory -- the popular psychological theory that humans encode information on a continuum from verbatim to " fuzzy " traces that convey a general meaning -- Brainerd and Reyna predicted that false memories may actually increase with age under certain circumstances .
In other words , adults would have less accurate memories than children .
Brainerd and Reyna set out to examine a common form of false memory that occurs frequently in our everyday lives .
This particular brand happens when humans blur the lines between separate but closely related events .
For instance , if you go to a baseball game and see fellow fans drinking only Coke , Mountain Dew , and Dr. Pepper , you are very likely to concede seeing that someone was also drinking Pepsi if asked after the fact .
In a study published in the May issue of Psychological Science , Brainerd and Reyna presented a list of words for groups of first , fifth and ninth graders .
Many of the words from this " study list " were related to each other ( by belonging to certain categories such as animals , furniture , men 's names ) while others were unrelated " filler " words .
After a short break , the students were presented with a new " test list " composed of study list words , new words belonging to the aforementioned categories ( animals , furniture , etc. ) , and distracter words that were new and entirely unrelated to the categories or the study list .
Their task was to identify whether they had previously heard a word or not .
As predicted , if the test list provided a new word with a closely related meaning ( a " semantic relation " ) to a word from the study list , older children were more likely to assert that they had heard it before .
Simply put , the older children had more false memories in this case than younger children .
" These trends are important , " write the authors " because they reveal ... , disturbingly , increasing errors for false memories that are likely to resemble those is real life -- namely , false memories that are pursuant to everyday meaning making . "
The reasoning behind this phenomenon is straightforward : Because children lack a sophisticated ability to connect the meanings of words or events compared to adolescents and adults , they are buffered from making the semantic relation memory mistake .
This age reversal may have significant implications for the credibility of child testimony according to the authors .
Brainerd and Reyna write " because these situations are so frequent in real life , the law 's policy of regarding children 's testimony as being inherently more prone to false memories than adolescents ' or adults ' is no longer scientifically tenable . "
Brainerd will discuss his findings during an invited symposium ( " Perspectives on Gist in Emotion , Perception , Memory , Development , Neuroscience , and Social Psychology " ) at 1 p.m Saturday ( EDT ) , May 26 , during the 19th annual meeting of the Association for Psychological Science , May 24 - 27 , in Washington , D.C .
MORAINE , Ohio ( CNN ) --
The folks working at Jamestown Industries ' Moraine Plant 2 near Dayton , Ohio , have the weary , haunted look of terminally ill patients , only it 's their livelihoods that are about to die .
Tony Murphy says the closing of General Motors ' Moraine , Ohio , assembly plant will have widespread effects .
more photos »
Jamestown Moraine warehouses prepare and deliver parts to the General Motors Moraine Assembly truck plant .
When the GM plant closes for good on December 23 , so will Jamestown Moraine .
Sixty - four people will lose their jobs at the supplier , the last of a workforce that once numbered 200 .
GM Moraine Assembly once employed about 5,000 people , churning out Chevrolet Trailblazer , GMC Envoy and even Saab SUVs .
About 1,000 will clock out for the last time next month .
Thousands more worked for small suppliers in the Dayton area for whom GM was the only customer .
" I 've got the house I 've got to pay for .
I 've got the car payment , I 've got clothes and I 've got to give the dog a little food -- and you throw in kids ?
It 's bad for everybody , " said Tony Murphy , a foreman who operates a forklift at Jamestown Moraine .
Watch workers talk about losing their jobs next month »
Murphy said he knows the pain goes well beyond his own family and even his own hometown .
" It 's going to be a big ripple effect on everyone , " he said , " because when they first closed the first two shifts down , it was devastating then , but this , right here , will seal the nail on the coffin .
Jobs lost in Dayton A look at how GM 's woes have cost jobs in the Dayton , Ohio , area :
 GM Moraine Assembly : 5,000 jobs lost
 Supplier Jamestown Moraine : 200 jobs lost
 Supplier Moraine L.O.C. , 170 jobs lost
 Supplier Delphi , 3,000 jobs lost
 Supplier CEVA , 170 jobs lost
-- Source : IUE Local 755
" Not only is it going to affect where I work , it 's going to affect retail .
It 's going to affect the mom-and - pop shops .
It 's even going to affect people all the way up in Michigan because they bring those parts that are sent over there to GM , " he said .
See the breadth of GM 's supply chain »
Leaders of GM , as well as Ford and Chrysler , are lobbying Congress for $ 25 billion in assistance to stave off bankruptcy .
Without federal help , they say , the pain of Moraine could be repeated across the country .
iReport.com : Should Congress bail out the Big Three ?
But even if Congress acts , Moraine is done two days before Christmas .
GM announced its closure -- along with plants in Janesville , Wisconsin ; Oshawa , Ontario ; and Toluca , Mexico -- in June .
See where GM has operations around the country »
Anticipating unemployment , Kevin Howard , Murphy 's co-worker , said he 's cutting his own hair , skipping dental checkups , brown - bagging leftovers for lunch and wearing $ 5 T - shirts instead of sturdier work clothes .
He said he used to wear a gold earring , but he sold it to raise cash .
Unemployment compensation is about 50 percent less than workers ' regular pay , and Howard said COBRA health insurance is beyond his means .
" All it takes is about two weeks falling behind , and I 'm in debt .
And a month -- I 'm really in debt , " said Howard , 55 , whose children , grandchildren and mother depend on his soon - to - disappear income .
" I 'm a diabetic .
I do n't know where I 'm going to get my medicine after this . "
Moraine is the only GM plant in the United States represented by a union other than the United Auto Workers .
Its legacy as a former Frigidaire appliance factory puts its workers , along with its suppliers ' workers , in an electrical union , the IUE - CWA .
GM employees received buyouts of as much as $ 140,000 , but suppliers ' employees get no compensation when they 're cut loose , said Kaine Goodwin , the business manager for IUE Local 755 in Dayton .
" We get no severance pay , and they 're not going to bail us out , " said Howard , his voice rising and eyes widening .
" Somebody should bail us out .
We 're the ones suffering .
...
We do n't have a dime .
We 're gone .
Goodbye . "
Goodwin sought to discount any suggestions of inter-union rivalry or intrigue .
" It does n't matter if you 're IUE - CWA or not , the economy 's going down , jobs are going away , the UAW is losing a lot of jobs as well at this timeframe .
So it 's bad for all unions as far as jobs in this area right now , " he said .
Watch how union contracts figure into auto industry 's dilemma »
" The jobs are going overseas , they 're going to India , " Goodwin added .
" It used to be Mexico we would talk about losing our jobs to , but we 're no longer losing them there .
We 're losing them to India , we 're losing them to China , and by the handfuls .
They 're going out every day , and every time that [ production ] leaves , that 's just less jobs available here . "
Howard was more direct in his assessment .
" We want cars built here in America , built by Americans , " he declared .
Watch how auto industry woes felt as far away as Argentina »
Minechelle Washington came to Dayton from GM 's hometown Detroit , Michigan , eight years ago to work at the Moraine plant .
" We think crime is bad now ?
It 's going to get worse if there 's no jobs here , even for younger people , " she said .
" I can't even say what the future will be for our kids behind this company and any other company that has closed in the last year , and it 's getting awful . "
Washington 's 27 - year - old son was laid off from his job in February and still has n't found work .
Her 22 - year - old daughter could n't afford to stay in college and moved back in with Washington .
Washington 's eyes became misty when she mentioned that her 9 - year - old daughter 's birthday is coming up , and the plant is closing during the holidays .
" The cake they gave the people on second shift said , ' Good Luck and Goodbye , ' " she said , shaking her head .
" We 're losing our jobs two days before Christmas .
That 's bad . "
Murphy compared Dayton to Flint , Michigan , the subject of Michael Moore 's scathing 1989 film , " Roger and Me . "
" Flint was a thriving town before GM pulled out of there , and when GM pulled out , Flint died .
Same thing is going to happen to Dayton , " Murphy said .
" It makes me feel kind of sad , because as I was growing up , Dayton and the surrounding communities were thriving .
... I 've been here 53 years , and I never thought I would see this city completely die like it is now , but it 's just about there . "
Watch automakers plead to lawmakers for assistance »
" The American dream has backfired on everybody , " Murphy said .
For many , the grief over losing a job is short - lived as they try to search for new jobs .
Murphy said the job search is really going to be a struggle .
As of September , the unemployment rate in the Dayton area was 7.5 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
See the final days of GM Dayton supplier »
" It 's not going to be easy for anybody .
I 've put in some applications , but when you 've got so many people laid off in Moraine and the city of Dayton [ as a whole ] , there 's so many people out there trying to find jobs that it 's really going to be hard , " Murphy said .
" Anybody that 's my age or older , anybody that loses their job , especially in this economy right now , should be scared . "
Howard is also not optimistic about his job prospects .
" I 'll probably end up frying burgers somewhere , " he said .
" You can't cry about it .
You just have to hold your head up until the end . "
Mark Smith , Howard 's co-worker and Army veteran , said he 's applied to work with military contractor KBR in Afghanistan .
" I pray every day that that company will call me and say , ' Come on out of there , ' " he said .
Murphy said he relies on his faith to keep his spirits up .
" You pray .
That 's what you do , " Murphy said .
" I do believe in the man upstairs .
That 's where I get my support , from believing in him .
They say through prayer , anything can be done .
I believe it . "
All About General Motors Corporation • Dayton
I recently learned about a very subtle potential security flaw when using JSON .
While subtle , it was successfully demonstrated against GMail a while back .
The post , JSON is not as safe as people think it is , covers it well , but I thought I ’d provide step - by - step coverage to help make it clear how the exploit works .
The exploit combines Cross Site Request Forgery ( CSRF ) with a JSON Array hack allowing an evil site to grab sensitive user data from an unsuspecting user .
The hack involves redefining the Array constructor , which is totally legal in Javascript .
Let ’s walk through the attack step by step .
Imagine that you ’re logged in to a trusted site .
The site makes use of JavaScript which makes GET requests to a JSON service :
GET : /demos/secret-info.json
that returns some sensitive information :
[ " Philha " , " my-confession-to- crimes " , 7423.42 ]
Now you need to be logged in to get this data .
If you go to a fresh browser and type in the URL to / demos / secret - info.json , you ’ll get redirected to a login page ( in my demo , that ’s not the case .
You ’ll have to trust me on this ) .
But now suppose you accidentally visit evil.com and it has the following scripts in the < head /> section .
Notice the second script references the JSON service on the good site .
< script > var secrets ; Array = function ( ) { secrets = this ; } ; </script > < script src= " https://haacked.com/demos/secret-info.json " ></script > < script > var yourData = '' ; var i = - 1 ; while ( secrets [ ++i ] ) { yourData += secrets [ i ] + ' '; } alert ( ' I stole your data : ' + yourData ) ; </ script >
When you visit the page , you will see the following alert dialog …
… which indicates that the site was able to steal your data .
How does this work ?
There are two key parts to this attack .
The first is that although browsers stop you from being able to make cross - domain HTTP requests via JavaScript , you can still use the src attribute of a script tag to reference a script in another domain and the browser will make a request and load that script .
The worst part of this is that the request for that script file is being made by your browser with your credentials .
If your session on that site is still valid , the request will succeed and now your sensitive information is being loaded into your browser as a script .
That might not seem like a problem at this point .
So what if the data was loaded into the browser .
The browser is on your machine and a JSON response is not typically valid as the source for a JavaScript file .
For example , if the response was …
{ " d " : [ " Philha " , " my-confession-to- crimes " , 7423.42 ] }
… pointing a script tag to that response would cause an error in the browser .
So how ’s the evil guy going to get the data from my browser to his site ?
Well
It turns out that returning a JSON array is valid as the source for a JavaScript script tag .
But the array is n’t assigned to anything , so it would evaluate and then get discarded , right ?.
What ’s the big deal ?
That ’s where the second part of this attack comes into play .
var secrets ; Array = function ( ) { secrets = this ; } ;
JavaScript allows us to redefine the Array constructor .
In the evil script above , we redefine the array constructor and assign the array to a global variable we defined .
Now we have access to the data in the array and can send it to our evil site .
In the sample I posted above , I just wrote out an alert .
But it would be very easy for me to simply document .
write a 1 pixel image tag where the URL contains all the data in the JSON response .
Mitigations
One common mitigation is to make sure that your JSON service always returns its response as a non-array JSON object .
For example , with ASP.NET
Ajax script services , they always append a “ d ” property to the response , just like I demonstrated above .
This is described in detail in this quickstart :
The ASP.
NET AJAX library uses the “ d ” parameter formatting for JSON data .
This forces the data in the example to appear in the following form : { “ d ” : [ “ bankaccountnumber ” , “ $ 1234.56 ” ] } Because this is not a valid JavaScript statement , it cannot be parsed and instantiated as a new object in JavaScript .
This therefore prevents the cross -site scripting attack from accessing data from AJAX JSON services on other domains .
The Microsoft Ajax client libraries automatically strip the “ d ” out , but other client libraries , such as JQuery , would have to take the “ d ” property into account when using such services .
Another potential mitigation , one that ASP.
NET
Ajax services do by default too , is to only allow POST requests to retrieve sensitive JSON .
Since the script tag will only issue a GET request , a JSON service that only responds to POST requests would not be susceptible to this attack , as far as I know .
For those that keep track , this is why I asked on Twitter recently how many use GET requests to a JSON endpoint .
How bad is this ?
It seems like this could be extremely bad as not many people know about this vulnerability .
After all , if GMail was successfully exploited via this vulnerability , who else is vulnerable ?
The good news is that it seems to me that most modern browsers are not affected by this .
I have a URL you can click on to demonstrate the exploit , but you have to use FireFox 2.0 or earlier to get the exploit to work .
It did n’t work with IE 6 , 7 , 8 , FireFox 3 nor Google Chrome .
Take this all with a grain of salt of course because there may be a more sophisticated version of this exploit that does work with modern browsers .
So the question I leave to you , dear reader , is given all this , is it acceptable to you for a JSON service containing sensitive data to require a POST request to obtain that data , or would that inspire righteous RESTafarian rage ?
Das Kennenlernen potentieller Partner war noch nie so einfach wie in der heutigen Zeit .
Die App
Tinder macht dies nun noch einfacher .
Ein einziger Wisch über das Smartphone und schon steht das Date .
Die folgenden sieben Tipps ( angelehnt an Empfehlungen von Dating Advisor CH ) helfen jedem dabei , das Optimale aus dem Tinder - Account herauszuholen .
Die sieben Tipps
1. Profilfoto
Wie so oft im Leben , kommt es auch bei Tinder auf den ersten Eindruck an .
Dabei greift die App auf die Facebook - Profilfotos zu , weshalb alle Fotos noch einmal überarbeitet bzw .
neue hochgeladen werden sollten .
Denn andere User entscheiden innerhalb von Sekunden über die Person auf dem Foto .
Deshalb muss das Bild auf dem ersten Blick interessant , attraktiv und sympatisch wirken .
Fotos mit einem Kind , mit dem Ex -Partner oder unscharfe Bilder sollten unbedingt vermieden werden .
2. Persönliche Beschreibung
Ein gutes Foto überzeugt beim ersten Eindruck .
Danach muss allerdings die persönliche Beschreibung überzeugen .
Diese sollte am besten kurz und knapp ausfallen und einen Überblick über die Interessen und den Absichten geben .
Dabei gilt : Keine Angst über die eigenen Passionen und Hobbys zu reden , denn so findet man Gleichgesinnte , die die Leidenschaft teilen .
Wichtig ist es sich von der Masse abzuheben , was beispielsweise durch ein Zitat oder einen originellen Spruch gelingt .
3. Der Gegenüber
Jemanden nur anhand eines Bildes zu beurteilen ist immer schwer .
Trotzdem sollten die Finger von Bildern mit Filtern , übertriebenen Make - Up oder reine Porträtbilder vermieden werden .
Denn wer auf solche
Tricks zurückgreift , der hat auch meist was zu verbergen .
Ist man sich zuerst nicht sicher , lohnt sich ein Blick aufs Profil , was mit einem Klick auf das Foto geöffnet wird .
4. Erstkontakt
Wurde nun ein Match erlangt , gilt es den Gegenüber erfolgreich anzuschreiben .
Dabei sollten zu forsches Auftreten , Rechtschreibfehler und Monologe vermieden werden .
Am besten fängt man mit einer Frage zu einem Detail auf einem Foto an .
Am wichtigsten ist es nicht zu schleimig zu schreiben oder den Gegenüber mit Komplimenten zu überhäufen .
5. Das Chatten
Nicht ständig antworten .
Das zeigt , dass man auch andere Dinge im Leben zu tun hat .
Darüber hinaus wirkt man schnell langweilig .
Antworten rar säen und somit geheimnisvoll bleiben !
6. Einstellungen
Die passende Vorauswahl kann über die „ Entdeckungs - Einstellungen “ vorgenommen werden .
Hier können der Suchradius um den Standort und die Altersgrenze der gesuchten Person festgelegt werden .
Entscheidend ist , dass
Sie das gleiche suchen .
Wer Sextreffen in CH sucht und Liebe bekommt , wird nicht glücklich .
7. Wenig Matches ?
Erzielt man nur sehr wenig Matches , sollte man seine Fotos noch einmal überprüfen .
Manchmal reicht es schon die Reihenfolge zu verändern .
Immer daran denken : Das erste Bild , ist das wichtigste !
Zusammenfassend ist festzuhalten , dass man es bei dieser App schaffen muss aus der Menge hervorzustechen .
Daher gilt : Originalität statt Massenware .
T.I. brought in his 40th birthday in style this weekend with the whole Harris - family clan .
The rap legend was celebrated at an epic bash at Atlanta 's Carlyle event space where guests were treated to a private dinner and open bar .
View
Obama v. King , on War and Peace Can we successfully fight for social and economic justice in the United States while simultaneously escalating a war in Asia ?
Barack Obama says we can .
But 41 years ago , Dr Martin Luther King Jr. warned against doing exactly that .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly On April 4 , 1967 , Dr. King delivered a passionate speech at Riverside Church in New York outlining the reasons for his controversial opposition to the war in Vietnam .
Central to his argument was the incompatibility of war overseas with the struggle for justice at home : " There is at the outset a very obvious and almost facile connection between the war in Vietnam and the struggle I , and others , have been waging in America .
“ A few years ago there was a shining moment in that struggle .
It seemed as if there was a real promise of hope for the poor -- both black and white -- through the poverty program .
There were experiments , hopes , new beginnings .
“ Then came the buildup in Vietnam and I watched the program broken and eviscerated as if it were some idle political plaything of a society gone mad on war , and I knew that America would never invest the necessary funds or energies in rehabilitation of its poor so long as adventures like Vietnam continued to draw men and skills and money like some demonic destructive suction tube .
“ So I was increasingly compelled to see the war as an enemy of the poor and to attack it as such . "
It ’s reasonable to guess that if Dr. King were still alive he would have applauded Barack Obama ’s victory in this year ’s presidential election .
No single person did more to make possible the election of an African - American President than Dr. King .
It ’s also likely the 79 - year - old King would have endorsed the strong emphasis on social and economic justice in Obama ’s domestic agenda .
For millions of people in the U.S. and around the world his election has provided “ a real promise of hope ” -- another long overdue “ shining moment ” in increasingly dark times .
The spirit of Barack Obama ’s call for “ change we can believe in ” echoes Dr. King ’s call in New York in 1967 for “ a radical revolution of values . ”
Dr. King said : “ We must rapidly begin the shift from a ‘ thing - oriented ’ society to a ‘ person - oriented ’ society .
When machines and computers , profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people , the giant triplets of racism , materialism and militarism are incapable of being conquered . ”
For his part , Obama also has talked about addressing social injustices and economic inequalities .
He seeks guaranteed “ affordable , quality ” health insurance for all , with an emphasis on prevention ; raising the minimum wage to $ 9.50 / hr by 2011 and indexing it to inflation ; ending American “ addiction to oil ” and the creation of five million new “ green ” jobs ; support for labor unions and a strong emphasis on education .
Divergence However , on the issue of war , the perspectives of the two leaders diverge .
Central to the philosophy of the iconic apostle of nonviolence was his fervent opposition to war .
The President - elect , however , despite his eloquent and moving opposition to racism and , arguably , materialism , is considerably more comfortable with militarism .
In 1967 , Dr. King said : “ A true revolution of values will lay hands on the world order and say of war : ‘ This way of settling differences is not just . ’”
At times in the campaign , Obama seemed to echo that message about the wastefulness of war , at least in regard to President George W. Bush 's war of choice in Iraq .
Obama vowed to not just end the Iraq War but “ the mindset ” behind that war .
Obama also disdained other aspects of the Washington status quo .
“ I have a different vision , and I will offer a clean break from the failed policies and politics of the past , ” Obama said .
As far as the critical issue of war is concerned , though , the essence of Obama ’s “ different vision ” appears to involve little more than a different location of “ the central front in the war on terror . ”
For Obama , the front is Afghanistan , not Iraq .
Accordingly he plans to shift combat troops from Iraq to Afghanistan , there to escalate the war because , “ this is a war that we must win . ”
[ See the campaign book , Change We Can Believe In . ]
Escalation in Afghanistan will involve , according to BarackObama.com , deployment of “ at least an additional two brigades ( 7,000 personnel ) . ”
In addition , Obama plans to use the increased U.S. troop numbers to urge NATO to do more .
As of this fall , the United States had about 32,000 troops in Afghanistan , with about 13,000 of them in the NATO - led force of more than 50,000 troops .
Between Obama ’s planned increase of at least 7,000 U.S. troops and the likelihood of an increase in NATO forces , the total number of U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan might soon approach 100,000 .
Dr. King might well have warned about the folly of seeking a lasting solution in an Asian land through the escalation of tens of thousands of more troops .
His eloquence about peace also stands in stark contrast to the tone that Obama has sometimes used .
Regarding the value of expanding the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan , Obama said : “ We will kill bin Laden ; we will crush Al Qaida .
That has to be our biggest national security priority . ”
To be sure , Obama seems more open to negotiation with “ enemies ” such as Iran than the Bush administration has been .
He has , as well , hinted he may be open to a regional solution in the Middle East .
He has made it clear , though , that his approach to Afghanistan will be based , first and foremost , on a military buildup .
Gone Mad or Clean Break ?
For Dr. King , who spoke of " a society gone mad on war , ” what might he have thought , watching Americans elect a brilliant and charismatic man who , after seven years of war under the Bush administration , somehow successfully presented an escalation of combat in Afghanistan as a “ different vision ? ”
The parallel to King 's lament about the diversion of resources away from the war on poverty to the war in Vietnam is disturbing , too , especially as the United States today faces the prospect of a painful recession and declining living standards while funding two wars .
The unsustainable duality of domestic social progress and foreign war , which Dr. King denounced over 40 years ago , seems about to be revived .
Will escalating war once again eviscerate a domestic social agenda ?
Last New Year ’s Eve in Iowa Falls , Obama said , in a phrase that would become a trademark of his campaign .
“ I chose to run in this election -- at this moment -- because of what Dr. King called ‘ the fierce urgency of now . ’ ”
Ironically , though , Dr. King spoke of “ the fierce urgency of now ” in the context of his passionate plea for an end to war in " a society gone mad on war . ”
Here is more of what he said that night in 1967 :
“ War is not the answer . …
We can no longer afford to worship the god of hate or bow before the altar of retaliation .
The oceans of history are made turbulent by the ever - rising tides of hate .
And history is cluttered with the wreckage of nations and individuals that pursued this self - defeating path of hate .
…
“ We are now faced with the fact , my friends , that tomorrow is today .
We are confronted with the fierce urgency of now .
In this unfolding conundrum of life and history there is such a thing as being too late .
Procrastination is still the thief of time .
Life often leaves us standing bare , naked and dejected with a lost opportunity .
…
“ We must find new ways to speak for peace in Vietnam and justice throughout the developing world -- a world that borders on our doors .
If we do not act we shall surely be dragged down the long dark and shameful corridors of time reserved for those who possess power without compassion , might without morality , and strength without sight . ”
Forty - one years ago , Dr. King warned that it already might be too late for a United States that turned too readily to war and thus risked stumbling into a future filled with violence and hate , that there was a “ fierce urgency of now ” to change that direction .
This year , Barack Obama ’s promise of “ change we can believe in ” renewed hope in the future for hundreds of millions of people worldwide .
But his reference to " the fierce urgency of now " neglected a central part of King 's message , that America had to turn away from war .
As Dr. King urged , unless we find a “ new way to speak for peace ” – whether in Vietnam or Iraq or Afghanistan – we may soon experience the tragedy of another lost opportunity .
Peter Dyer is a freelance journalist who moved with his wife from California to New Zealand in 2004 .
He can be reached at p.dyer@inspire.net.nz .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Players were reminded not to shake the Queen 's hand too vigorously
An exuberant Australian rugby player tossed the Queen into the air when she was a child , sparking " mild panic " among those watching , it has emerged .
The player apparently had a long lunch before a function where Princess Elizabeth , then just a toddler , encountered him and was sent flying .
The story was relayed to the Queen 80 years on as she hosted the current Australian rugby union tour squad .
The squad was invited to Windsor Castle ahead of Saturday 's match with England .
This year is the Wallabies ' centenary tour , marking 100 years since the team first visited the UK in 1908 , scooping a gold in the London Olympics .
' Memory blank '
It was John O'Neill , managing director and chief executive officer of Australian Rugby Union , who reminded the Queen of her 1928 childhood meeting with the player .
" She had never heard the story , " he said .
" She was quick to point out that she would have been about 18 months old .
" She said she had no recollection of being thrown in the air .
I responded that I would n't blame her for blocking it out of the memory bank . "
Unknown to anyone else , the player had enjoyed a long lunch before the encounter with the young royal .
' Safe hands '
When the princess 's governess swept in , the manager of the Australian squad helpfully reassured her that his player had the safest hands in the team and never dropped a ball .
The Queen remained with her feet firmly on the ground as she met the squad , who towered over her , at Windsor on Monday .
Before meeting her , the players were reminded not to shake her hand too vigorously and could be seen carefully practising suitably gentle handshakes among themselves .
The team plays England at Twickenham on Saturday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Article 4 proscribes " slavery or servitude " ; Article 5 states that " no one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment " .
Next to the arbitrary murder of others on the alleged grounds that they are inferior racially , doctrinally , or in some other way , slavery and torture are unquestionably the most abhorrent violations of human rights .
Yet there are few major states in the world , not even those that most loudly chant the mantras of liberty and democracy , that are guiltless of subjecting some of their enemies – and indeed some of their own citizens – to torture or at least inhuman and degrading treatment : not the US , not the UK , certainly not the People 's Republic of China .
Shall we not torture the man who knows where the dirty nuclear bomb is hidden in the city centre ?
A utilitarian would not hesitate to waterboard him , or push the bamboo splinters up behind his nails .
Some make this question a test for how serious one is about individual rights .
The drafters had in mind rape of women in conquered populations , the use of prisoners for bayonet practice , the abandonment of starving prisoners to languish in their own ordure .
The test case question and the question of civilised behaviour generally – for which the test is surely the same – are part of the same debate .
As to slavery : according to UN figures , there are more people enslaved today than the total carried to the Americas in three centuries of the Atlantic slave trade : 12 million .
Slavery takes many guises and bears many different names now , but it is " slavery and servitude nonetheless " , characterised by coercion , lack of remuneration , and lack of choice .
One of the standard objections to the UDHR is that it is a western Enlightenment invention , and that its claim to universality is spurious .
Few things refute this allegation so swiftly as thoughts of torture and slavery .
The mammalian nervous system , and what coercion involves , are the conclusive data .
For my money these thoughts govern how we should treat all animals generally ; so if cows and chickens should not be treated cruelly , still less should any human be so treated .
So much for relativism .
Doubts about the UDHR 's universality were voiced early , and not at first by people in colonised and developing countries , who welcomed the UDHR with open arms ( it was the big powers who were suspicious of it , as threatening to interfere with the exercise of their hegemony ) , but rather by bien pensants in the western world itself .
In 1947 the American Anthropological Association voiced concern that ideas of human rights are ethnocentric , and in their submission to Eleanor Roosevelt 's committee urged that it take account of the relativity of values to culture , and the point that since an individual " realises his personality through his culture , respect for individual differences entails respect for cultural differences " .
The trouble with this , as just noted , is that pain and privation are not respecters of culture .
In any case , cultural bias is not always a bad thing .
Those cultures that condemn genital mutilation of girls are justified in condemning the cultures that practice it , because they can make a case that members of the latter cultures would be bound to accept in other respects .
Thus , if asked if they wish to be protected from harm ( say , from having their homes burned and livelihoods destroyed ) , from pain and mutilation ( say , from having a hot poker plunged into their eyes ) , and from imposed dangers to health ( say , from poison being put into their water supplies ) , they would presumably answer , yes .
Then the entirely objective fact that " female circumcision " and vaginal infibulation are all three of these things , together with a challenge to assumptions about the putative importance of virginity and the claim that male sexual pleasure has an importance that overrides the health and wellbeing of their wives , ought to settle the matter for any open - minded and normally intelligent person .
Again , so much for relativism .
And that is an important point , because Articles 4 and 5 are an explication of Article 3's " life , liberty and security " , and show that it applies without borders .
AC Grayling will continue with a daily blog on the UDHR through to the 60th anniversary itself on December 10 .
The Guardian is the media partner for The Convention on Modern
Liberty , taking place on Saturday February 28 2009 , which will debate these and other issues .
You can buy tickets here
For months the election has dominated the media landscape and much of people ’s free time .
Conversation topics have n’t been a problem :
Whenever you needed something to talk about , the election was always there .
News outlets have known this day was coming for some time , as Cally Carswell wrote in this post .
Now that the campaigns is over , however , many are still scrambling to reposition themselves for the post-election world .
The Huffington Post , for example , is trying to capitalize on more local content .
The site recently launched a page specifically for Chicago and plans one dedicated to San Francisco , according Russell Adams and Shira Ovide of the Wall Street Journal .
The site is also trying to move more toward more non-political , lifestyle content , Adams and Ovide report .
Huffington
Post representatives offered free massages and facials at the Democratic National Convention in an attempt to brand their new , post-election identity .
Even with the new efforts , some on the Huffington Post site are already waxing nostalgic over the past few years .
The website ’s comedy - based companion 236.com recently belied the rebranding in an item headlined , “ We Ca n't Quit W. Countdown - 50 Reasons We 're Sorry to See President Bush Go. ” Reason # 1 , “ We 'll never be able to get 250,000 Google search results by typing in the words ‘ Obama drunk at a wedding . ’ ”
Some websites , including FiveThirtyEight.com and Talking Points Memo , are n't turning away from their political bread and butter .
Josh Marshall , founder of Talking Points Memo recently wrote that the website ’s evolution has " always been bound up with my stance as a voice of opposition to the Bush administration . ”
With the Bush ’s tenure quickly ending , Talking Points Memo is doubling down , hiring two new reporter - bloggers to cover the Democratic Congress and White House .
The problem , Adams and Ovide write , is that “ news outlets that benefit significantly from an election suffer about the same amount when it's over , so the Web sites will expand now at their peril . ”
Talking Points Memo seems to be an exception to that rule , considering that the site began during the 2000 recount and expanded after the 2004 and 2006 elections .
- Advertisement -
Even without the election coverage , there ’s still plenty of inane and amusing content to be found on the web ,
Conservatives are at each other ’s throats , and here ’s what ’s revealing about how divided they are :
The critics of John McCain and the critics of Sarah Palin represent entirely different camps .
Skeptical social conservatives are precisely the people McCain was trying to mollify by picking Palin as his running mate .
These include the faithful of the religious right who remember McCain as their enemy in 2000 , and parts of the gun crowd who always saw McCain as soft on their issues .
That McCain felt a need to make such an outlandishly risky choice speaks to how insecure his hold was on the core Republican vote .
A candidate is supposed to rally the base during the primaries and reach out to the middle at election time .
McCain got it backward , and it ’s hurting him .
A Pew Research Center survey this week found that among political independents , Palin ’s unfavorable rating has almost doubled since mid-September , from 27 percent to 50 percent .
Whatever enthusiasm Palin inspired among conservative ideologues is more than offset by middle - of - the road defections .
Even on the right , she has n’t done the job .
In The Washington Post tracking poll released on Thursday , Barack Obama drew 22 percent of the vote from self - described conservatives .
That ’s a seven - point gain on John Kerry ’s 2004 conservative share .
Yet the pro-Palin right is still impatient with McCain for not being tough enough — as if he has not run one of the most negative campaigns in recent history .
This camp believes that if McCain only shouted the names “ Bill Ayers ” and “ Jeremiah Wright ” at the top of his lungs , the whole election would turn around .
Then there are those conservatives who see Palin as a “ fatal cancer to the Republican Party ” ( David Brooks ) , as someone who “ does n’t know enough about economics and foreign policy to make Americans comfortable with a President Palin ” ( Kathleen Parker ) , as “ a symptom and expression of a new vulgarization in American politics ” ( Peggy Noonan ) .
These conservatives deserve credit for acknowledging how ill - suited Palin is for high office .
But what we see here is a deep split between parts of the conservative elite and much of the rank and file .
For years , many of the elite conservatives were happy to harvest the votes of devout Christians and gun owners by waging a phony class war against “ liberal elitists ” and “ leftist intellectuals . ”
Suddenly , the conservative writers are discovering that the very anti-intellectualism their side courted and encouraged has begun to consume their movement .
The cause of Edmund Burke , Leo Strauss , Robert Nisbet and William F. Buckley Jr. is now in the hands of Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity — and Sarah Palin .
Reason has been overwhelmed by propaganda , ideas by slogans , learned manifestoes by direct - mail hit pieces .
And then there is George W. Bush .
Conservatives once hailed him for creating an enduring majority on behalf of their cause .
Now , they cast him as the goat in their story of decline .
The conservative critique of Bush is a familiar rant against his advocacy of big government and huge deficits — now supplemented by a horror over his embrace of actual socialism with the partial nationalization of big banks .
And , yes , a fair number of conservatives were never wild about the adventure in Iraq .
Things are so bad that the internecine warriors on the right have begun copying the rhetoric of the old left .
In a Washington Times column this week upbraiding dissidents such as Brooks and Noonan , Tony Blankley , the conservative writer and activist , fell back on an old - left slogan , asking them : “ Whose side are you on , comrade ? ”
This is a revelatory question .
It arises when a movement has lost its sense of solidarity and purpose , when the “ sides ” are no longer clear .
There is no unified “ right ” or “ center - right , ” which is why we are no longer a conservative country , if we ever were .
Conservatism has finally crashed on problems for which its doctrines offered no solutions ( the economic crisis foremost among them , thus Bush ’s apostasy ) and on its refusal to acknowledge that the “ real America ” is more diverse , pragmatic and culturally moderate than the place described in Palin ’s speeches or imagined by the right - wing talk show hosts .
Conservatives came to believe that if they repeated phrases such as “ Joe the Plumber ” often enough , they could persuade working - class voters that policies tilted heavily in favor of the very privileged were actually designed with Joe in mind .
It is n’t working anymore .
No wonder conservatives are turning on each other so ferociously .
E.J. Dionne ’s e-mail address is postchat ( at ) aol.com .
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter , BBC News
The Sirius Star 's cargo has an estimated value of $ 100 m
The hijacking of giant Saudi oil tanker Sirius Star has focused the world 's attention on piracy .
In the past five years , the number of piracy attacks around the world has fallen from 452 incidents in 2003 to 282 in 2007 .
But it is a different story off the coast of Somalia ; pirate attacks have increased by 100 % in the past year .
The Sirius Star is the biggest tanker ever to be hijacked , with a cargo of 2 m barrels of oil worth more than $ 100 m .
Is our technology capable of hurting someone ?
Absolutely .
Vahan Simidian
HPV Technologies Siren mode
But other than arming crews - a move opposed by ship owners and maritime organisations alike - what measures can be put in place to keep ships , their crew , and cargo safe ?
Long - Range Audio Device ( L - RAD ) and Magnetic Acoustic Device ( MAD ) are pieces of equipment that many ships are now starting to deploy .
Classified as a ' non lethal ' weapon they create a beam of sound that can travel far further than sound from a normal loud speaker .
Vahan Simidian CEO of HPV Technologies , who developed MAD , explained how it all worked .
" We create our sound through what we call a plane sound source of information , which means a message can be heard a long way away .
The long throw planar magnetic speaker can be heard miles away " If the captain had concerns about a vessel , they would activate siren mode on the MAD .
That will definitely get their attention .
You would then tell them that you know that they are there , and that they do not have the element of surprise .
" Should they keep on closing , the captain would commence evasive actions and switch on ' tone ' - this is a piercing sound that will irritate and disorientate them , " he said .
Currently they are used to communicate to a potential attacker that the ship knows they are there , but experts say that on full power it could knock someone off their feet .
" For now , the speakers on a merchant vessel are n't capable of hurting a person .
Is our technology capable of hurting someone ?
Absolutely , " said Mr Simidian .
Barbed wire
We do n't advocate the use or carriage of weapons on board a vessel
Cyrus Moudi
International Maritime Bureau
Nick Davis , a former pilot who runs Anti-Piracy Maritime Security Solutions , an organisation set up to help protect merchant vessels , has three - man teams working on vessels in the Gulf of Aden .
He said that ships - and more importantly ship owners - need to take precautions to help themselves .
" There are certain types of ship that are liable to pirate attack .
It needs to be slow moving - less than 20 mph - and have a low freeboard ( that 's the distance between the water and the deck ) , " he said .
" For vulnerable vessels , the usual measures employed when a ship leaves port is to hang barbed wire all the way round it , flood the ballast tanks , keep the fire hoses on full power and maintain a permanent deck watch .
" If any [ small ] ship comes within a mile , you sound the general alarm and crank up the Long - Range Audio Device ( L - RAD ) and get all the crew on deck . "
Nick Davis said that having technology such as L - RAD or MAD , along with an alert crew , can make all the difference .
His team recently helped repel an attack on an 8,500 tonne chemical tanker .
" The team identified three boats coming at speed - once they got within a mile , they activated the piracy general alarm .
The ship increased speed , and called local coalition forces on VHF .
" The L - RAD was activated and the crew got on deck .
The pirates got within 400 m brandishing weapons .
However , we were sending warning tones via the L - RAD and eventually they withdrew . "
Radar lookout Frequently though , crews will have to repel boarders .
The usual method is to use a high pressure hose to try and push an assailant off the ship .
But a company in the Netherlands has come up with a simple solution : a 9000 volt electric fence .
Secure Ship is a set of electrified guard rails surrounding the ship , which the manufactures say is similar to systems used to protect military installations .
The International Maritime Bureau manager Cyrus Moudi said that the Secure Ship system had its uses , but was n't suitable for every ship .
" The electric fence is non-lethal and can help deter attackers .
But it 's not strictly safe and you cannot use it on vessels carrying flammable cargo .
Electricity and explosive vapour is not a good mix , " he said .
" We do n't advocate the use or carriage of weapons on board a vessel .
There are better ways of securing your ship .
And the primary defence is having a good lookout . "
The task of keeping a good lookout usually falls to radar , except when the crew is on alert .
But many attacks are conducted in small vessels and spotting and identifying them is easier said than done , especially when wave ' clutter ' can confuse radar .
But a technology development firm in East Anglia are working on a system that not only spots a target , but can identify it too .
The marine holographic radar can detect and image small targets Gordon Oswald , technology director with Cambridge Consultants , who are developing the holographic radar , said that while the idea was still in its infancy , it had the potential to be a valuable tool for ships and their crew .
" The holographic radar looks all round a ship , rather than seating a beam in a 360 degree circuit .
Which means you can continually observe the target and get more information on what it 's doing , rather than having to plot a course , " he said .
The device works on a fixed line of sight and would be used in conjunction with regular radar .
But unlike other devices , it can form an image of its target , enabling the crew to actually see what the target looks like .
At least 12 vessels - including the Ukrainian freighter MV Faina carrying 33 tanks and other military hardware , which was seized in September - remain captive and under negotiation , with around 250 crew being held hostage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala - LOS INTERNET SENSACTIONE AMERICANO DOS AMIGOS GRANDE .
Makes sense ?
No ?
You 've been watching this for 00:00:00 .
Have another beer !
Lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalala , lalalalalalala , lalalalalala , lalalalala , lalalala , lalala , lala , la , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalalala , lalalalalalalala , lalalalalalala , lalalalalala , lalalalala , lalalala , lalala , lala , la
Sarah Palin delivered a powerful speech last night , but she did not " wing it . "
Which is what Erick Erickson , citing sources close to McCain , has written on his blog , RedState .
Erickson writes that " the teleprompter continued scrolling during applause breaks .
As a result , half way through the speech , the speech had scrolled significantly from where Gov. Palin was in the speech . "
This claim has been picked up on Drudge and could quickly enter into the insta-mythmaking about a speech that need not be embroidered .
Perhaps there were moments where it scrolled slightly past her exact point in the speech .
But I was sitting in the press section next to the stage , within easy eyeshot of the teleprompter .
I frequently looked up at the machine , and there was no serious malfunction .
A top convention planner confirms this morning that there were no major problems .
Erickson writes that the same malfunction happened during Rudy Giuliani 's speech earlier in the night .
Again , I watched the teleprompter during this speech , and it worked without problem .
Giuliani , as is his wont , simply decided to go off - script and add some new lines , such as one attacking Obama for his " bitter " comments .
These extemporaneous comments , many of which drew huge applause , made the former New York mayor 's speech run much longer than planned .
So much so that a convention planner confirms that they had to scrap a planned video ahead of Palin 's speech .
comments closed
permalink
Deserting the Iraq War US Soldier Seeks Political Asylum in Germany
André Shepherd is the first American GI to have applied for political asylum in Germany .
Shepherd , who deserted to avoid going back to fight in Iraq , argues that the war there is in violation of international law .
Contents
Introduction
The article presented here is targeted at all programmers wanting to develop add - ons or plug-ins for the Windows Live Messenger .
Although the sample code is written in C++ , the theoretical and practical concepts involved are implementable on most programming languages .
On the other hand , the article should be useful for conceptually grasping the methods and techniques that can be practical in the fields of application functional and interoperability research , Operating System internals , and / or general reverse engineering duties , considering that most of the exposed " tricks " are applicable to a wide range of Windows applications .
Necessary skills and tools
The minimum required skills to follow the article are a basic understanding of the Windows API , C/C++ , COM , and x86 architecture .
It is also recommended to be able to use additional development tools in a fluent manner , such as API and message spying software , executable examination utilities , etc .
The following tools and libraries are highly recommended , and some of them are used throughout the article :
Article layout
The article follows a progressive approximation to the topic of plug - in development .
It 's organized in the following sections :
Getting into the Windows Live Messenger address space Explains the research and development of a proxy DLL to inject code into the target application address space using tools for exploring imports and exports of PE executables , along with guidelines for implementing the stubs for forwarding proxy DLL calls .
Windows Live Messenger hacking
This is the main section of the article , and approaches the following topics :
Intercepting Operating System calls using the Trappola library .
Discussion of the Windows Messenger window classes for which the first practical hooking is done by adding elements to the top - level menu bar .
A first view into the concept of window subclassing is offered , expanded later on with the creation of customized windows that match the Live Messenger current color scheme .
How the Windows Live Messenger stores and uses resources , including a description of how UI elements are defined with XML , both in visual and behavioural aspects .
The analysis also explains the sequence of calls used by the Windows Live Messenger and most applications to find resources and load them through resource addresses .
The theory behind the resource management class ( RMC ) implemented on the attached VC ++ project is explained along with the functionality .
The practical use of this class is shown by adding a toolbar button to the Windows Live Messenger interface .
Microsoft Active Accessibility API , its use on getting properties from the Windows Live Messenger controls , and accessibility event hooking theory and practice , combined with an introduction to the COM interfaces exposed by the Messenger and how to use them to obtain contact information .
How to build and use the source
Note :
The code is targeted at Live Messenger 8.5 .
Other versions may require modifications , specially on the resource hooking area .
The source code implements all the techniques explored in the article , and it 's licensed under the GNU General Public License .
To successfully test the generated DLL on your Windows Live Messenger local installation , you need to :
Open the wlmplugindemo solution on Visual Studio .
Build the solution in Debug or Release mode , both should work .
In the output directory , you 'll encounter the three generated DLLs .
Shutdown any msnmsgr.exe process in your system , and copy the three DLLs to the Windows Live Messenger application directory .
As long as you conform to the GPL , feel free to modify the code and / or to use it as a base for your own ideas .
How to quick - start with the precompiled DLLs
You may want to use the prebuilt libraries included with this article instead of building the solution in Visual Studio : just close any running msnmsgr.exe , and copy the three DLLs to the Windows Live Messenger directory .
A word of caution
The code included with this article was written with raw research in mind ; therefore , many optimizations and solid coding patterns or practices may have been left out with the only intention to achieve results in a short time .
Due to this , the code must be considered just as a practical implementation of the theoretical concepts exposed , or as a base for further research in the field of reverse engineering .
With this advice in mind , let 's begin with our first topic .
Getting into the Live Messenger address space
To successfully modify WLM functionality without restrictions , it 's essential to run our code within the WLM executable address space .
There are various methods available to achieve this , such as Proxy DLLs , remote thread injection , PE patching , etc .
In fact , you can find excellent articles in CodeProject about these topics .
Fortunately , with the WLM executable , we can successfully inject our code using a simple technique known as Proxy DLL .
The objective of this approach is to create a " fake " DLL which acts as a function call forwarder , effectively sitting in the middle of the target process and our to - be - injected code ( typically another DLL ) .
As long as the name of our fake DLL is in the import table of the target Portable Executable , our proxy DLL will get loaded , allowing us to run code in the target process ' virtual address space .
Of course , we can't simply load our inject - DLL , we also need to trick the target executable into believing that it is effectively executing the " original " DLL and not our fake version : we need to forward the calls to the original DLL .
This is not hard to do as long as we can find an imported DLL in the target executable with a few exports .
For the Windows Live Messenger case , a good choice , as we 'll see , is MSIMG32.DLL , a small Windows system DLL that implements some GDI functions such as Gradient Fill .
Windows Live Messenger imports
We want to implement the Proxy DLL approach to run code in the WLM address space .
From the explanation above , it 's clear that the first step is to examine the WLM executable PE imports .
An excellent tool to inspect PE imports and exports is Dependency Walker .
You can download the latest version from here .
Opening Dependency Walker and choosing the Windows Live Messenger executable yields the following screen :
We begin examining each of the imported DLLs in the left - pane , looking at the number of exported functions of the selected DLL .
You may ask why not choose the DLL based on the number of imported functions used by the WLM , instead of the total exported functions of the DLL .
Our approach is more conservative as we 'll forward all of the exported functions in our fake DLL ; just remember , the general rule is to forward all the calls that are needed by the target executable .
At the point we reach MSIMG32.DLL , we see that this is certainly an excellent candidate , just five exports :
We 've chosen MSIMG32.DLL as the proxy DLL that will reside in the WLM executable directory , forcing it to load our fake DLL instead of the MSIMG32.DLL which is located in the Windows system directory .
Note that we can force the loading of our DLL from the WLM executable directory since this DLL is referenced on PE imports therefore loaded by the NT Loader , not by the executable itself .
Keep in mind that other applications may load DLLs manually with LoadLibrary , either using the default Operating System library search order , or overriding it using absolute paths .
Details of the file system locations that are searched by the NT loader when loading DLLs can be found at MSDN : Dynamic - Link Library Search Order .
Deep descriptions about the native Windows NT DLL loader , including DLL programming considerations , are located on various posts here .
Implementation details
Our implementation of the proxy DLL is found on the proxyDLL project inside the wlmplugindemo solution .
The general execution flow of the code when the DLL is attached is :
Load the MSIMG32.DLL system library from the Windows system directory with LoadLibrary .
.
Get the addresses of the to - be - forwarded functions with the GetProcAddress function .
function .
Store the address of each MSIMG32.DLL function in function pointer variables .
Load the DLL to be injected with LoadLibrary .
If this succeeds , we 've successfully injected our DLL code in the msnmsgr.exe address space .
.
If this succeeds , we 've successfully injected our DLL code in the msnmsgr.exe address space .
Get the address of the initialization function of the injected DLL ( in our demo , named InitDLL ) using GetProcAddress .
) using .
Jump to the initialization code of the injected DLL through the function pointer .
Note that using LoadLibrary in the DLL_PROCESS_ATTACH case of the DllMain switch sentence can lead to loader deadlocks .
In this case , we 're not leading the NT loader to make circular references , so we are safe , but always be careful with the code you 're executing at DllMain .
Back to the implementation .
Remember , we need to write " stub " function definitions with the only task of forwarding calls to the real DLL through the pointers obtained as explained above , thus we must respect the signature of the functions we want to forward .
In the case of the five exports of MSIMG32.DLL , doing a search in the Windows API documentation yields the function declarations we 're interested in :
BOOL TransparentBlt ( HDC hdcDest , int nXOriginDest , int nYOriginDest , int nWidthDest , int hHeightDest , HDC hdcSrc , int nXOriginSrc , int nYOriginSrc , int nWidthSrc , int nHeightSrc , UINT crTransparent ) ;
BOOL AlphaBlend ( HDC hdcDest , int nXOriginDest , int nYOriginDest , int nWidthDest , int nHeightDest , HDC hdcSrc , int nXOriginSrc , int nYOriginSrc , int nWidthSrc , int nHeightSrc , BLENDFUNCTION blendFunction ) ;
BOOL GradientFill ( HDC hdc , PTRIVERTEX pVertex , ULONG dwNumVertex , PVOID pMesh , ULONG dwNumMesh , ULONG dwMode ) ;
These three functions are documented by Microsoft , and are easy to deal with .
But , in the case of the parameters and return types of the remaining functions DllInitialize and vSetDdrawflag , this is not evident since they 're not officially documented .
Searching on MSDN about DllInitialize , we can find a description of the function , but it 's clear that the particular MSIMG32.DLL DllInitialize is not the official DllInitialize : the MSDN documentation states that Export drivers must provide DllInitialize routines ( see DllInitialize on MSDN ) .
Are we dealing with a Kernel - mode driver DLL here ?
Definitely not , because kernel drivers must provide a DriverEntry export symbol , which is absent in MSIMG32.DLL .
At this point , we must tackle the problem of defining the return type and parameters of the remaining functions .
Let 's dump the exports of MSIMG32.DLL using the DUMPBIN utility .
The output is :
dumpbin C: \WINDOWS \SYSTEM32\MSIMG32.dll / Exports Microsoft ( R ) COFF / PE Dumper Version 9.00.30729.01 Copyright ( C ) Microsoft Corporation .
All rights reserved .
Dump of file C: \WINDOWS \SYSTEM32\MSIMG32.dll File Type : DLL Section contains the following exports for MSIMG32.dll 00000000 characteristics 8025 BC7 time date stamp Sun Apr 13 16:15:19 2008 0.00 version 1 ordinal base 5 number of functions 5 number of names ordinal hint RVA name 2 0 0000119B AlphaBlend = _AlphaBlend@44 3 1 0000110C DllInitialize = _DllInitialize@12 4 2 0000117F GradientFill = _GradientFill@24 5 3 000010F0 TransparentBlt = _TransparentBlt@44 1 4 000012C6 vSetDdrawflag = ?vSetDdrawflag@@YGXXZ
( void __stdcall vSetDdrawflag ( void ) )
Summary 1000 .data 1000 .reloc 1000 .rsrc 1000 . text
If you look at the symbols the linker generated for each function , you can infer the number of 32 - bit parameters each function takes along with the calling convention used .
Each name decoration format corresponds to a calling convention .
According to the Visual C++ linker documentation at Name Decoration , all functions are using __stdcall , which is the calling convention used by the Windows API .
Also , it 's very interesting for our research to note that vSetDdrawFlag is a C++ function .
Utilities such as DUMPBIN can undecorate the name for us , giving the function signature we need :
void vSetDdrawFlag ( void ) ;
Now , DllInitialize is the remaining function we need to take into consideration .
The _DllInitialize@12 name decoration says that DllInitialize uses a total of 12 - bytes for its parameters .
If we correctly assume that since this is a 32 - bit DLL running in a 32 - bit environment , all data is aligned on a 4 - byte boundary , DllInitialize takes three 32 - bit parameters from its caller .
A preliminary declaration of this function surely can be :
UNKNOWN_RETURN_TYPE
DllInitialize ( DWORD p1 , DWORD p2 , DWORD p3 ) ;
We 're left with the return type -- we know this is a __stdcall ; therefore , the EAX register is used as the placeholder for returned values .
A quick disassembly inspection of the DllInitialize function shows us that in fact the function is returning a value through AL before procedure return through RET .
The listing below was captured while using PEBrowse Professional , an excellent Portable Executable dissection utility available for free at the developer website , SmidgeonSoft .
Now , with this information on hand , we can write down the final declaration of the DllInitialize function :
DWORD DllInitialize ( DWORD p1 , DWORD p2 , DWORD p3 ) ;
Before going on , let 's go back a bit in our research to see another approach that can be taken , in general , when dealing with functions residing on DLLs .
Let 's check out the headers of MSIMG32.DLL by using DUMPBIN with the /HEADERS parameter .
The following are the first lines dumped , where we can find the essential information :
Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0\VC>dumpbin C:\WINDOWS\SYSTEM32\MSIMG32.dll /headers Microsoft ( R ) COFF / PE Dumper Version 9.00.30729.01 Copyright ( C ) Microsoft Corporation .
All rights reserved .
Dump of file C: \WINDOWS \SYSTEM32\MSIMG32.dll PE signature found File Type : DLL FILE HEADER VALUES ... ...
OPTIONAL HEADER VALUES 10B magic # ( PE32 ) 7.10 linker version 600 size of code 600 size of initialized data 200 size of uninitialized data 110C entry point ( 7633110C )
_ DllInitialize@12 1000 base of code 2000 base of data 76330000 image base ( 76330000 to 76334 FFF ) 1000 section alignment ... ( output follows )
DllInitialize is the entry point of the DLL , which is by default DllMain , but can be changed .
A DLL entry - point routine has the following prototype , as stated in MSDN :
BOOL WINAPI DllMain ( __in HINSTANCE hinstDLL , __in DWORD fdwReason , __in LPVOID lpvReserved ) ;
This declaration matches our previous result where we established three parameters and a non-void return type , so our previous definition for DllInitialize was right ( in fact , from the microprocessor viewpoint , they are exactly the same ) , but for the sake of more precision , we finally rewrite our declaration as :
BOOL WINAPI DllInitialize ( HINSTANCE p1 , DWORD p2 , LPVOID p3 ) ;
Since we wo n't use those parameters except for " feeding " our MSIMG32.DLL function pointers , we named the parameters as shown .
This concludes our MSIMG32.DLL analysis .
Now , we can finally state our function pointer typedefs and " stub " prototypes as follows :
// // Function pointer typedefs for exports we are forwarding // typedef BOOL ( WINAPI * PFNTRANSPARENTBLT ) ( HDC , int , int , int , int , HDC , int , int , int , int , UINT ) ; typedef VOID ( WINAPI * PFNVSETDDRAWFLAG ) ( VOID ) ; typedef BOOL ( WINAPI * PFNALPHABLEND ) ( HDC , int , int , int , int , HDC , int , int , int , int , BLENDFUNCTION ) ; typedef BOOL ( WINAPI * PFNGRADIENTFILL ) ( HDC , PTRIVERTEX , ULONG , PVOID , ULONG , ULONG ) ; typedef BOOL ( WINAPI * PFNDLLINITIALIZE ) ( HINSTANCE , DWORD , LPVOID ) ; //
Function pointer typedef to injected - DLL initialization typedef void ( * PFNINITDLL ) ( void ) ; #ifdef __cplusplus extern " C " { #endif // // Function protoypes // BOOL WINAPI TransparentBlt ( HDC , int , int , int , int , HDC , int , int , int , int , UINT ) ; BOOL WINAPI AlphaBlend ( HDC , int , int , int , int , HDC , int , int , int , int , BLENDFUNCTION ) ; BOOL WINAPI GradientFill ( HDC , PTRIVERTEX , ULONG , PVOID , ULONG , ULONG ) ; BOOL WINAPI DllInitialize ( HINSTANCE , DWORD , LPVOID ) ; VOID WINAPI vSetDdrawflag ( VOID ) ; #ifdef __cplusplus } #endif // __CPLUSPLUS
The above code section is located on the msimgproxy.h header in the proxyDLL project .
Note that we export all functions with the WINAPI calling convention ( an alias for __stdcall ) along with undecorated names using extern " C " , even the C++ function vSetDdrawflag -- however , this function is void and parameter - less , so we can safely export it __stdcall and undecorated .
The only remaining file for a successful build of our proxy DLL is the DEF file , which is quite simple :
LIBRARY " msimg32 " EXPORTS vSetDdrawflag @ 1 AlphaBlend @2 DllInitialize PRIVATE GradientFill @4 TransparentBlt @5
In this DEF file , we are respecting the ordinals of the real MSIMG32 library .
The optional keyword PRIVATE prevents the entry name from being placed in the import library generated by LINK .
Finally , the important chore of intercepting the calls that the Windows Live Messenger makes to our fake DLL , routing them to the original MSIMG32.DLL located in the Windows System directory , is done by simply using the function pointers to the real library we 've previously obtained .
The following code shows the forwarding stub for AlphaBlend :
BOOL WINAPI AlphaBlend ( HDC p1 , int p2 , int p3 , int p4 , int p5 , HDC p6 , int p7 , int p8 , int p9 , int p10 , BLENDFUNCTION dw ) { return pfnAlphaBlend ( p1, p2, p3, p4,p5,p6,p7,p8,p9,p10 , dw ) ; }
This finishes our dissertation about the MSIMG32 proxy DLL research and implementation .
Windows Live Messenger hacking
After the proxy DLL is built up and ready , we can begin developing some techniques for modifying the WLM functionality .
We 'll describe how to achieve the following :
Adding menus to the WLM main window
Adding toolbar buttons to the WLM window
Getting the contact list selection
Getting information for a selected contact
Prior to this , let 's see a brief but necessary description of Trappola , the API hooking library from Nektra .
Introduction to hooking with Trappola
Trappola is an excellent free API hooking library from Nektra , which can be used to build robust API interception applications ( such as the SpyStudio , also from Nektra ) .
To explain Trappola , we 'll see how it 's practically used on this project , so you can follow the code along this article to better understand the concepts and usage of this excellent interception tool .
Keep in mind that not all of the Trappola features are used on this project .
To go deeper , feel free to explore and play with Trappola further yourself .
Defining what , where , and how to hook
If you look at the hooking.h header in the wlmplugDLL project , you 'll find HookArray [ ] which is an array of HOOK_DESCRIPTOR structures .
As its name implies , each HOOK_DESCRIPTOR defines the properties of a specific interception to be done by Trappola .
The members of the HOOK_DESCRIPTOR structure and their meanings are resumed on the following table .
Structure Member Meaning szTargetModule
The module where the function to be intercepted resides ( e.g. , USER32.DLL ) .
szTargetFunction
The function in szTargetModule we want to intercept ( e.g. , CreateWindowEx ) .
cbParam
The total byte count for parameters passed to the function , 4 - bytes multiplied by the number of parameters in 32 - bit environments .
An important thing to remark is that all parameters must be specified , even the implicit ones , e.g. : this pointers in C++ member functions ( excluding static members , of course ) that are silently passed through the ECX register .
pvHookHandler Pointer to the entry point address of the hook handler .
When this handler is executed is defined by the flags member .
nccCallingCnv
A value from the NktCallingConvention enumeration specifying the calling convention of the intercepted function .
See the enums.h Trappola header for possible values .
Remember most of the standard Windows API is stdcall , while new components from later versions may differ ( C++ or COM interface exports ) .
iFlags A set of flags defining the interception mode .
In this project , it 's enough to use _call_after ( the hook handler is executed after the intercepted function is done , so return values can be checked ) .
_call_before semantics are analog .
Check the Trappola source for possible values .
At this point , you should be able to understand each of the array entries of HookArray [ ] .
In the next section , we are going to hook CreateWindowEx to add a menu entry to the WLM top level window .
Hook attach and detach
A hook becomes active when a NktApiHook object is constructed with two NktFunction Wrapper functions as parameters .
The NktFunctionWrapper objects encapsulate the hook handler function and the function to be intercepted .
The resultant NktApiHook object is inserted into a std :: list which contains ApiHookPtr objects .
In turn , ApiHookPtr pointers are reference - counted pointers ( a.k.a. ' smart - pointers ' ) from the Yasper library , available at Sourceforge .
In our project code , you can see how the hooks defined in HookArray [ ] are ' activated ' , specifically in the AttachHook and AttachHookArray functions defined in the hooking .cpp file .
Disconnecting a hook just involves removing the respective NktApiHook object from the hook list ( g_HookList global in this project code ) .
When our plug - in DLL is being unloaded as the Operating System leads to call the DLL_DETACH_PROCESS switch case in dllentry.cpp , all hooks are removed with a simple g_HookList.clear ( ) sentence .
With this overview of Trappola in hand , we are ready to begin our first hacking of the Windows Live Messenger : menu additions through subclassing .
You may think that menus in the WLM are standard Win32 menu resources , and you 're right , but this is an exception , because most controls of the WLM are not standard , but owner - drawn .
And , not just owner - drawn , but drawn with a custom UI called DirectUI , which is completely undocumented .
The drawing surface for a DirectUI interface control is contained in its own window class , the child of the top - level window class where the menu resides .
For this reason , an overview of the window - classes involved in the Windows Live Messenger application is detailed below .
Windows Live Messenger window classes
The first surprising thing that any programmer interested in Windows Live Messenger reversing and / or hacking may encounter is that the client area of the Windows Live Messenger does not expose any child controls , but an unique " surface " where all controls seem to be painted on .
Let 's see this with Spy ++ ; however , you can use any decent Win32 window spying utility , such as Winspector .
In the capture above , at the synchronized left pane , it 's clear that the DirectUIHWND window class does not contain any child controls , at least none of the Windows API ones .
So , how is it that those fancy UI elements are present on the WLM client area ?
By means of DirectUI , an undocumented framework that seems to be similar to XAML , the XML - based UI description format used in the Windows Presentation Foundation .
In the resource hooking section in this article , we 'll see that many XML elements used by DirectUI are similar to the XAML tags .
Anyway , we are not going to execute DirectUI functions directly , but modify the resources read by the DirectUI parser .
If you are interested , the DirectUI functionality is contained in msncore.dll in the Windows Live Messenger application directory .
There , a lot of C++ exported functions related to this undocumented UI framework can be found using any PE export tool such as DependencyWalker or PE - Browse .
Surely , a reversing task on this code could be very interesting , although of limited applicability since future versions of the Windows Live Messenger are likely to be based on WPF code , as a Web search about the latest 9.0 betas indicate .
The top level window class is named MSBLWindowClass , and this is where we modify the menu .
Modifying the Windows Live Messenger menu bar
In this section , our aim is to explain how to modify the WLM menu bar using API hooking .
The Windows Live Messenger does not dynamically create the application menu bars , but they are loaded from stored resources on a separate DLL , msgslang .8.5.XXXX.XXXX.dll .
You can confirm this using a resource editor such as Resource Hacker , as the following screenshot displays :
Note that your resource language identifier , known in the Win32 API as LANGID , may differ .
In this capture , 3082 is the LANGID for Spanish language .
For the menu modification to go , it 's clear that the main window should have been created successfully .
Thus , an excellent candidate function to intercept is CreateWindowEx .
Here , prior to hooking the API , it 's necessary to clarify some concepts about ANSI and Unicode functions , because textually hooking CreateWindow Ex wo n't work .
And , this is applicable to most Win32 API functions .
About ANSI and Unicode APIs
In Windows 9X , all the Operating System API strings were ANSI , i.e. , 8 - bit character strings .
The 256 character limitation was evident when non-English characters were used , e.g. : Asian languages .
To provide solid and transparent support for application and system internationalization , Microsoft introduced Unicode character sets in the NT kernel series with 16 - bits per character , also known as wide - strings .
Unicode is the only standard string encoding in NT - based Operating Systems : all operations on strings in the Windows API are done in Unicode , so ANSI strings are converted to wide - character strings first .
With the aim of compatibility with Win16 and Win9X applications , NT also introduced distinct versions of almost all API functions that took string parameters ( exceptions exist such as GetProcAddress , for the reason that all tables on PE executables are encoded with ASCIIZ always ) .
We were talking before about the CreateWindowEx function ; is this call expecting ANSI or Unicode strings as input ?
The answer lies on the Windows API header macro :
#ifdef UNICODE #define CreateWindowEx CreateWindowExW #else #define CreateWindowEx CreateWindowExA #endif
Then , if a program is compiled as Unicode , the call is the function name plus ' W ' as suffix , or ' A ' if the program is compiled to use ANSI strings .
The fact is that Unicode software can run only on NT - based systems , ANSI software on all Win32 platforms .
Nevertheless , if you want to develop applications to run under all Win32 platforms , you must use TCHAR * as your string type : Windows header macros will translate your TCHAR s to wchar_t* ( Unicode ) strings , or to char * in case you are compiling to ANSI .
Microsoft documentation is very clear on this topic , you can search it for a detailed explanation on Unicode and ANSI based applications .
Our case is explicit and clear : the Windows Live Messenger code is 100 % Unicode .
With this fact , we 'll go into hooking CreateWindowsExW since this is the real name that the USER32.DLL library exports .
Intercepting and subclassing
As we 've seen on the Trappola overview section , a HOOK_DESCRIPTOR type entry needs to be present in the HookArray [ ] in hooking .h.
The required descriptor entry is as follows :
L"user32.dll " , " CreateWindowExW " , NUM_PARAMS ( 12 ) , Handle_CreateWindowExW , stdcall_ , _call_after
The NUM_PARAMS ( x ) macro simply does 12 multiplied by the size of the current platform pointer .
With the above entry specified , the prototype of the handler function can be created using the DECLARE_HOOK macro , or manually .
For now , just remember the required signature for a Trappola function handler is :
void fn_Handler ( NktHandlerParams * hp ) ;
Do n't worry now about NktHandlerParams , the practical use of this structure will be progressively devised in the article .
A last necessary note about hooking the descriptor is that for a C++ function interception to be successful , the decorated name must be used .
Therefore , if the module you want to target exports a C++ function with , e.g. , the name Initialize@MyClass@@XYZXYZClass1@Object1@@@Z
, you should specify such a string as the target function to hook , not the undecorated name that utilities like DependencyWalker may show ( e.g. , MyClass : : Initialize ( Class 1 : : Object1* ) for the example given here ) .
Our approach to create the menu will be to intercept CreateWindowExW .
If the requested window class corresponds to the top - level window of Live Messenger ( MSBLWindowClass ) , we subclass the created window to change the window procedure so we can process the messages we want , in particular WM_SHOWWINDOW .
You may want to learn about window subclassing , the MSDN page Using Window Procedures explains all you need to know .
So , let 's get our hands dirty with the hook handler code in wndhook .
cpp :
void Handle_CreateWindowExW
( NktHandlerParams * hp ) { LPCWSTR lpszWndClass = *( LPCWSTR *) PARAMETER_INDEX( 1 ) ; if ( lpszWndClass && HIWORD (( INT_PTR ) lpszWndClass ) ) if ( wcscmp( lpszWndClass , g_wlmTopWindow.szWndClass ) == 0 ) { g_wlmTopWindow.hwnd = ( HWND ) hp->context.regs ->EAX ; g_wlmTopWindow.pfnOldWndProc = ( WNDPROC ) GetWindowLongPtr ( g_wlmTopWindow.hwnd , GWLP_WNDPROC ) ; SetWindowLongPtr ( g_wlmTopWindow.hwnd , GWLP_WNDPROC , ( LONG_PTR ) WlmWndProc ) ; } }
There are many things to explain in the code section above , so let 's do a line by line analysis .
The PARAMETER_INDEX ( P ) macro defined in hooking.h returns the parameter value at position P in a function handler .
The PARAMETER_INDEX ( p ) macro is expanded by the preprocessor to ( ( size_t )hp->context.pms + ( sizeof ( DWORD ) * ( x ) ) ) ; thus hp->context.pms returns an array of 32 - bit values with the function parameter values -- in turn , at the address pointed by hp->context.pms+32*N , you can find the Nth parameter value in a 32 - bit system ( at the time of writing this article , Trappola does not support 64 - bit platforms ) .
As you would expect with such a generic function , PARAMETER_INDEX returns void* , so a proper cast is necessary .
macro defined in hooking.h returns the parameter value at position in a function handler .
The macro is expanded by the preprocessor to ; thus returns an array of 32 - bit values with the function parameter values -- in turn , at the address pointed by , you can find the Nth parameter value in a 32 - bit system ( at the time of writing this article , Trappola does not support 64 - bit platforms ) .
As you would expect with such a generic function , returns , so a proper cast is necessary .
In the handler shown , we need the second ( index 1 ) parameter from CreateWindowEx , which is a LPCWSTR - string type and indicates the class name of the window to be created .
The first if {} checks for one of the many weird things found on the Windows API .
You can usually expect a class name to be a string , but this not the case .
According to Microsoft documentation , the class name parameter passed to CreateWindowEx can be either an ANSI or Unicode string pointer , specifying a literal class name or an ATOM value .
An ATOM specifies a value that maps to a literal string ( the class name , in this case ) , but it 's not a string .
In fact , an ATOM is a 16 - bit value , so the HIWORD is zero .
If you do n't check this , you may intercept a window creation with an ATOM as a parameter -- interpreting this as a string pointer will crash your program since the 0x0000 - 0 xffff address range is not accessible for any user - mode process .
Therefore , according to our analysis , the if block gets executed only if the window class name parameter of the intercepted CreateWindowEx represents a valid string pointer address .
checks for one of the many weird things found on the Windows API .
You can usually expect a class name to be a string , but this not the case .
According to Microsoft documentation , the class name parameter passed to can be either an ANSI or Unicode string pointer , specifying a literal class name or an ATOM value .
An ATOM specifies a value that maps to a literal string ( the class name , in this case ) , but it 's not a string .
In fact , an ATOM is a 16 - bit value , so the is zero .
If you do n't check this , you may intercept a window creation with an ATOM as a parameter -- interpreting this as a string pointer will crash your program since the 0x0000 - 0 xffff address range is not accessible for any user - mode process .
Therefore , according to our analysis , the block gets executed only if the window class name parameter of the intercepted represents a valid string pointer address .
The comparison on the inner if returns true if the window being created is the top level WLM window , whose class name is stored on the global identifier g_topWlmWindow.szClassName .
This variable is an instance of the WLM_TOPWINDOW structure , used to store values about this window such as class name and handles .
returns if the window being created is the top level WLM window , whose class name is stored on the global identifier .
This variable is an instance of the structure , used to store values about this window such as class name and handles .
When CreateWindowEx successfully creates a window , it returns a window handle ( HWND ) value for that window .
We store this value on g_topWlmWindow.hwnd , taking it from the actual return value , inside the function hook handler .
How can this be ?
Remember this function is being hooked with the _call_after flag , therefore CreateWindowExW has already returned a value when the Handle_CreateWindowExW execution begins ; and because this is a Windows API call , return values are passed to the caller through the EAX register .
successfully creates a window , it returns a window handle ( ) value for that window .
We store this value on , taking it from the actual return value , inside the function hook handler .
How can this be ?
Remember this function is being hooked with the flag , therefore has already returned a value when the execution begins ; and because this is a Windows API call , return values are passed to the caller through the register .
You can see this is another use of the NktHandlerParams context member .
hp -> context ->regs gives you the possibility of accessing the x86 registers .
E.g. : if you were hooking a C++ non-static class member function , hp-> context ->regs .ECX could give you the this pointer address .
Finally , with the GetWindowLongPtr / SetWindowLongPtr pair in the last two lines , we subclass the top level Windows Live Messenger window by specifying our own window procedure .
Of course , the old window procedure address must be saved because if our window procedure does not handle a particular message , it should let the original window procedure handle it .
This technique allows ' extensible ' window procedures in a pseudo - OOP - like manner , where you override just the message handling you want and let the ' parent ' ( old ) procedure to handle the rest .
Therefore , when CreateWindowExW for the top - level window gets called , our hook handler stores the HWND for future reference , and subclasses the window .
What we want to do in the subclassed window procedure is to add an element to the menu bar when the window gets shown , and preferably once and forever .
We must examine what window message to process to do this .
WM_SHOWWINDOW actually works since in the Windows Live Messenger , it gets called once when the window is displayed the first time ( this behavior depends on some conditions , see WM_SHOWWINDOW Notification for more information ) .
The code where the a menu element is added is as follows :
case WM_SHOWWINDOW : hMainMenu = GetMenu( hwnd ) ; hDemoMenu1 = CreatePopupMenu( ) ; AppendMenu( hMainMenu , MF_STRING | MF_POPUP , ( UINT_PTR ) hDemoMenu1 , L" W&lmPluginDLL " ) ; AppendMenu( hDemoMenu1 , MF_STRING , ID_MENU_DISPLAY_CONTACTINFO , L" Display Contact Information & Window " ) ; AppendMenu( hDemoMenu1 , MF_STRING , ID_MENU_DEMO_ABOUT , L" About ... " ) ; DrawMenuBar ( hwnd ) ;
We get the menu handle from the top level menu using GetMenu , create a new popup menu with CreatePopupMenu , and through this handle , we append the entries .
The remaining task is to catch WM_COMMAND to handle our menu clicks .
This is done in the Win32 API standard way .
The code skeleton could be something like :
case WM_COMMAND : // check if it 's from our menu if ( HIWORD ( wParam ) == 0 ) { switch ( LOWORD ( wParam ) ) { case ID_MENU_DEMO_ABOUT : ... ... break ; case ID_MENU_DISPLAY_CONTACTINFO : ... ... break ; } }
Keep in mind that you must return the unprocessed messages to the original window procedure .
This is the reason we saved the old window procedure address on the global g_wlmTopWindow.pfnOldWndProc .
To the old window procedure , the Windows API provides the CallWindowProc function , so the default case for message handling in a window procedure switch .. case scope should be :
return CallWindowProc ( wndProc , hWnd , uMsg , wParam , lParam ) ;
In the subclassed window procedure we 've constructed , the old window procedure function pointer is placed by replacing the first parameter with g_wlmTopWindow.pfnOldWndProc .
You can see the details in the wndhook .cpp source file .
Here is our result :
As you see , we 've successfully added a working menu through hooking and subclassing .
In the following section , we are going to explain how the " About " and " Contact Info " windows are implemented through subclassing .
The " Colorized " window class : Practical subclassing
If anxiety won over you and you already tested the project successfully , you probably noted that the About window and the Contact Info windows are similar in terms of visuals and behavior , as the following capture shows :
Both windows are based on the same window class , the Colorized window class , defined as NKT_COLORIZED_WINDOW_CLASS .
The name tells one of the properties that are inherited by windows based on this class : the window gets " colorized " by sampling a pixel color from the WLM top window client area , apart from getting a rounded shape using a round - rectangle region .
Keep in mind that we wo n't give all the details about , e.g. , how the gradient fill is built for the window background , but instead , the general structure for the approach .
Window classes allow a form of inheritance of attributes and functionality to subclassed windows .
Subclassed windows can override , accept , or ignore the window messages that are part of the default window class procedure .
This is applicable to most UI elements classified as a " window " in the Win32 API , e.g. : edit boxes : a typical approach to validate an edit control 's text while the user is typing is through subclassing the edit control .
Nevertheless , we want to remark this very important point : window subclassing is not OOP inheritance and / or polymorphism .
They are conceptually similar , but window subclassing is a Windows programming technique , not an implementation or application of a particular programming paradigm .
With that potential confusion cleared out , let 's continue .
Opening the source file clrzwind.cpp and looking at its window procedure makes clear that windows based on this class will , by default , handle the following messages : WM_CREATE , WM_ERASEBKGND , WM_DESTROY , WM_NCHITTEST , and the application - defined WM_UPDATEBASECOLOR .
When the window class is registered through RegisterClassEx in the RegisterColorizedWndClass function , you can see that all windows will drop a shadow with the class style CS_DROPSHADOW ; there is no background defined , so the WM_ERASEBKGND code will draw the background , and a number of extra bytes for the window class are defined with the member cbClsExtra of the WNDCLASSEX structure .
In many Windows API applications , you will find this member set to zero .
But remember that , we want all windows based on this class to share a common background color , so this visual aspect is class - dependent , not window - dependent .
Instead of using a global variable , we are going to store this color information in the window class itself : that 's the reason we are reserving the number of bytes needed to store an RGBA - color ( which is the size of a COLORREF ) .
A last word on class extra bytes is that a maximum of 40 bytes can be allocated , so the rule of thumb is to store a pointer if you want to refer to bigger data structures .
Now , both windows ( ' About ' and ' Contact Information ' ) are created the same way .
They define the window - specific properties they need , but specify NKT_COLORIZED_WINDOW_CLASS as their class :
void CreateAboutDlg( HWND * pHWnd ) {
* pHWnd = CreateWindowEx( NULL , wszColorizedWndClass , NULL , WS_POPUP , CW_USEDEFAULT , CW_USEDEFAULT , CX_DIALOGSIZE , CY_DIALOGSIZE , NULL , NULL , hDllInst , NULL ) ; // subclass if ( * pHWnd ) { pfnColorizedWndProc = ( WNDPROC ) GetWindowLongPtr(* pHWnd , GWLP_WNDPROC ) ; SetWindowLongPtr(* pHWnd , GWLP_WNDPROC , ( LONG_PTR ) AboutDlgProc ) ; } }
void CreateContactInfoWnd( HWND * pHWnd ) { //
Create the contact info window with the colorized window class * pHWnd = CreateWindowEx ( WS_EX_NOACTIVATE , wszColorizedWndClass , NULL , WS_POPUP , 0 , 0 , CIW_DEFAULT_WIDTH , CIW_DEFAULT_HEIGHT , NULL , NULL , hDllInst , NULL ) ; // window subclassing if ( * pHWnd ) { pfnColorizedWndProc = ( WNDPROC ) GetWindowLongPtr(* pHWnd , GWLP_WNDPROC ) ; SetWindowLongPtr(* pHWnd , GWLP_WNDPROC , ( LONG_PTR) ContactInfoWndProc ) ; } }
The technique to subclass both windows is the same we 've seen before : we change the window procedure of each subclassed window to a specialized one where we can override the messages that are handled by the " parent " class window procedure , handle new ones , or even " reject " messages ( this is the same as overriding , but we simply return from the window procedure without doing anything ) .
The code structure of the subclassed window procedures involved should clarify this .
Let 's see the " About " window procedure first :
LRESULT AboutDlgProc ( HWND hwnd , UINT uMsg , WPARAM wparam , LPARAM lparam ) { switch ( uMsg ) { case WM_CREATECHILDCTRLS : if (! fChildCreated ) { // //
Create child control ( OK button ) and load bitmap // break ; } case WM_COMMAND : if ( LOWORD ( wparam ) == ID_OK ) //
Handle OK button press break ; case WM_PAINT : { // //
Paint logo and text // return 0L ; } case WM_CLOSE : // // Inhibit WM_DESTROY ! // return 0L ; } return CallWindowProc(pfnColorizedWndProc , hwnd , uMsg , wparam , lparam ) ; }
Let 's analyze this procedure .
The WM_CREATECHILDCTRLS message is defined by our application ( as WM_USER+100 ) to create the child controls and load the logo bitmap ; and , you may ask why we did n't do those duties directly when the WM_CREATE message is sent by Windows to the callback .
The reason is that you can't .
When the About window is created , it 's defined to be based on the Colorized window class -- this means that the WM_CREATE message for the Colorized window procedure is the only one that gets called , because you are subclassing after the window is created .
However , it 's possible to change the window procedure of the Colorized window class using SetClassLongPtr before the window is created , although this is not recommended since it can affect the remaining windows based on the class .
So , according to our code , after we create the About window , we can call SendMessage with WM_CREATECHILDCTRLS to setup our window .
The WM_COMMAND and WM_PAINT are " specialized " by our window , since the Colorized window procedure passes those messages to the default Windows processing call DefWindowProc .
The interesting message here is WM_CLOSE : this message is also passed to DefWindowProc in the window procedure of our " parent " window class , and this means that , by default , Windows will call DestroyWindow when e.g. , Alt +F4 is pressed with this window activated .
We do n't want this to happen because if the window gets destroyed , we must create it again , which is unnecessary ; therefore , we change the code of WM_CLOSE handling to " simulate " the click on the OK button , which , in effect , hides the window .
We do this through a simple SendMessage call :
SendMessage ( hwnd , WM_COMMAND , MAKELPARAM ( ID_OK , 0 ) , 0 ) ;
As always , for the remaining messages , we pass them to the Colorized window class procedure using the CallWindowProc function .
Be aware to not pass them to DefWindowProc : this is incorrect since none of the base class messages will be called .
Now , to finish our discussion about window subclassing , it 's important to note that windows based on the Colorized class can be dragged from the client area using the WM_NCHITTEST message since they are deprived from a title bar .
But , we do n't want the contact information window to be movable , because it's " attached " to the main Windows Live Messenger window .
How can we achieve this ?
Simply by " rejecting " the WM_NCHITTEST message in the Contact Info window procedure , with these simple lines :
case WM_NCHITTEST : // prevent dragging return 0L ;
With this general overview , you can see the details on the source code ; the relevant files are clrzwind.cpp , aboutdlg.cpp , and cinfownd.cpp .
Introduction to Windows Live Messenger resources
In this section , we are going to explore one of the most interesting sides regarding the internals of the Windows Live Messenger : the application resources .
First , a general description of where and how the WLM resources are stored is presented , followed by a resource manager implementation that allows , e.g. , to add buttons to the Windows Live Messenger toolbar .
Where resources are stored
The resources used by the Windows Live Messenger can be classified as ,
Standard Win32 application resources such as dialogs , menus , icons , bitmaps , strings , etc. , that you may insert in your native Win32 application using , e.g. , the C API or MFC .
Resources that are managed by the internal DirectUI framework and described by XML .
The first kind of resources are available at msgslang .8.x.xxxx.xxxx.dll , and are language - dependent as the DLL filename implies .
The second kind of resources can be found on the msgsres dynamic link library .
We said that those resources are stored in XML format , you can check that using Resource Hacker , for example ; you 'll find many resource types contained there , most identified by an integer .
To begin our examination , an interesting resource type is # 4004 , where most Windows Live Messenger Direct - UI based dialogs are found .
The following screenshot shows a Resource Hacker session displaying the XML description for the " Toast Window " , which is the small pop -up box that emerges from your system tray when a message arrives , a contact gets connected , a new mail is at your inbox , etc .
Thanks to the research done at the MSN - modders forum mess .be , we can present the following list of resource types in the resource DLL with the corresponding interface element for each resource ID entry .
The original link to the forum is here .
ID Description 919 MSN Today , Tab Content , Pending Requests 920 Conversation Window 921 Toast Window 922 Group Conversation Container 923 Contact List 926 Standard Message Box 930 Activities Menu , My Games 931 Contact Card 932 Activities Menu , My Activities 934 Emoticons Dialog 935 Winks Dialog 937 Download MSN Messenger Content , " Single Click Dialog " 940 Content Drop Down Menus 941 Dynamic Display Picture Container 942 Automatic Background Share Dialog 943 Connection Test Dialog 944 Flash Upgrade Dialog 945 Ink , Video , Send File , and Call Drop Down Menus 946 Backgrounds Dialog 947 Login Window 949 File Sharing Window 950 File Sharing History 952
Templates related to toasts ( further research required ) 953 Dangerous File Transfer Dialog 1001 Address Book Toolbar ( The one with the word wheel , Add Contact , and Manage Contacts button ) 1004 Detailed Contact List 1009 Normal Contact List 44101 Contact Picker Dialog 44102 Well Address Templates 44103
More word wheel related elements 44104 Address Book Templates ( Buddy , BuddyPickerExpanded , Group , Error ) 45700 Mobile Selector 45701 Edit Group Dialog 45703 People Picker 45704 Additional address - book templates 45705 Mobile Address Selector 45710 Add / Edit Contact Dialog
Additionally , in resource type # 4005 , the matching " styles " for each # 4004 resource are found .
We can think of this similarly as ( X ) HTML+CSS : the first defines the document content , while CSS , the visual properties -- with this analogy , XML resources with type # 4004 describe the general content of each UI element , while the same resource ID located at the # 4005 resource type in the tree specifies the visual and behavioural aspects of the matching element .
An important thing to consider is that as far as we could find , XML elements are checked internally by the Windows Live Messenger as there is n't any XML schema for the resources to be validated in the DLLs we examined .
Thanks to many enthusiast programmers reversing the internals of the DirectUI XML format , an XSL stylesheet is available where all Version 8.5 elements are defined .
This incredibly useful file is found on the MemSkin +
Tools site .
With all of this in consideration , we need to see what functions we need to hook to be able to intercept the WLM resources .
Resource functions call sequence
The four essential resource management functions of the Windows API , what parameters they need , and what type of value they return , are condensed on the following list :
Function Semantics HRSRC FindResource ( HMODULE , LPCTSTR , LPCTSTR )
Determines the location of a resource with the specified type and name in the specified module .
HGLOBAL LoadResource ( HMODULE , HRSRC )
Loads the specified resource into global memory .
LPVOID LockResource ( HGLOBAL )
Locks the specified resource in memory , returning a pointer to the first byte of the resource .
DWORD SizeofResource ( HMODULE , HRSRC )
Returns the size in bytes of the specified resource .
Looking at the input parameters and output return values of the above functions , it 's clear that for an application to be able to load a resource and use it , the sequence FindResource -> LoadResource ->
LockResource are the required steps to successfully obtain a valid pointer to the resource .
However , the resource size can be obtained between any of the calls , but always after FindResource has returned a valid HRSRC handle , as is denoted by the SizeofResource input parameter type .
This general sequence of calls , which is regularly used in Live Messenger , can be represented in the following graph :
Working with this overview in mind , our task is to properly hook the resource functions ; remember , we said one of the objectives was to add buttons to the main WLM toolbar , this can be accomplished by hooking those DirectUI XML resources , but in which way ?
The first thing we need is the XML definition of the toolbar .
Looking at the previous resource list , we can infer that the toolbar should reside on the Contact List XML resource : this resource is identified by ID # 923 in the # 4004 resource type .
Inspecting the resource data with Resource Hacker yields a rather large chunk of text ; nevertheless , searching for the text ' Toolbar ' will lead us to the starting of the toolbar definition .
This lies between the < MToolbar > .. </ MToolbar > tag pair , and it's not a lot of code .
It 's presented below with two button definitions in case you have n't explored the resource DLL yourself yet .
< MToolbar TextSuppressOption = Individual padding = rect ( 1,1,1,1 ) layoutpos = client > < button active = mouse | nosyncfocus accessible = false id = atom( ToolbarScrollLeft ) class = " HIGToolbarLeftScrollButton ; " tooltip = true / > < button class = " HIGToolbarButton " layout = borderlayout ( ) id = Atom( browsebarback ) cmdid = 40600 AccRole = 43 Tooltip = true active = mouseandkeyboard|nosyncfocus Enabled = false > < ButtonIcon class = " HIGToolbarIcon " contentalign = middlecenter ID = Atom( ai13 ) / > < element layoutpos =
Right contentalign = middlecenter layout = filllayout ( ) > < ButtonText class = " HIGToolbarText " contentalign = middlecenter Shortcut = 1 ID = Atom( ai14 ) / > < /element > < / button > ... ... ... < button class = " HIGToolbarButton " layout = borderlayout ( ) id = Atom( browsebarhelp ) cmdid = 40608 AccRole = 43 Tooltip = true active = mouseandkeyboard|nosyncfocus > < ButtonIcon class = " HIGToolbarIcon " contentalign = middlecenter ID = Atom( ai27 ) / > < element layoutpos =
Right contentalign = middlecenter layout = filllayout ( ) > < ButtonText class = " HIGToolbarText " contentalign = middlecenter Shortcut = 1 ID = Atom( ai28 ) / > < /element > < / button > < button active = mouse |nosyncfocus accessible = false id = atom( ToolbarScrollRight ) class = " HIGToolbarRightScrollButton " tooltip = true / > < / MToolbar >
In each of the XML resource definitions , id=atom ( X ) is related to the stylesheets found on the resource type # 4005 , where a matching ID x style is applied to the UI element .
For example , the first element ID we see here is ToolbarScrollLeft , which is very likely to be the button to pan the toolbar to the left when the number of elements of the toolbar exceeds the rendering area and the user has scrolled the toolbar to the right , hiding the leftmost elements .
The style of this scroll button can be found at the resource 4005:923 , with the following style definition :
button[id=atom( ToolbarScrollLeft ) ] { padding : rcrect ( 20213 ) ; FontSize:rcint ( 20074 ) ; accdesc:rcstr ( 20105 ) ; accname: rcstr ( 20106 ) ; Content: rcstr ( 20104 ) ; }
Properties for UI elements may be specified literally , or through the rcXXX ( RID ) keyword to indicate that the definition of the property is found on another resource .
E.g. , the first line defines a padding rectangle for the element which is found at the resource ID 20213 .
In the WLM stylesheet resources , you can find the following rcxxx references , along with the kind of resource it represents and the place where you can find the referenced resource ID .
Keyword Resource kind Location rcstr String String table resource on the language - dependent DLL msgslang .[ version ] .dll rcimg Bitmap ( RLE / PNG )
Resource type # 4000 rcint 32 - bit Integer value Resource type # 4002 rcrect Rectangle ( 15 - byte value )
Resource type # 4003 rcclr 32 - bit RGBA color Resource type # 4002 rcbkd Background ( RLE / PNG )
Resource type # 4000
Bitmaps are stored either on standard PNG format , or in a format where although the header bytes say " RLE " , they are unreadable by most applications claiming to read Run-Length Encoding bitmaps .
This is probably an internal file format used by Microsoft , since the only way to view them is to use the internal msncore.dll functions .
A converter from RLE to PNG is available here .
The resource management class
Returning to the Windows API resource management functions topic and their interception by means of hooking , we are ready to present our approach for a general resource management class .
The task of this resource manager is to track the resources to be hooked , allocate and deallocate virtual memory for additional resource data , and modify the resources we want at runtime .
Our implementation is space - efficient since it allocates only the needed memory for additional data inserted on the existent resources , or for allocating new resources from the user ; it also provides an execution upper - bound of O ( log N ) to minimize the performance impact on the target Windows Live Messenger process resource handling .
The code for you to inspect is in resmgr.h and resmgr.cpp .
Internal tables
The resource manager class ( from now on , RMC ) maintains three tables , based on std: : map , for tracking resource hooking activities : the registered resource table , the resource handler table , and the resource pointer table .
All table entries are stored as pairs , specifically std :: pair objects .
The list below enumerates the purpose and general structure of each table .
The registered resource table ( declared as REGISTERED_RESOURCE_TABLE ) is the main table where all resources we want to be managed by the RMC are stored .
The first pair element of each entry is an ULONGLONG value ( 64 - bit unsigned ) to keep the resource ID and the type together .
The macro MAKEULONGLONG in utility.h is used to build a 64 - bit unsigned value from two 32 - bit double words .
The second pair element is an instance of the RESOURCE_MOD_DESCRIPTOR structure which describes the properties of this resource entry .
The meanings of this structure 's members will be explained later .
) is the main table where all resources we want to be managed by the RMC are stored .
The first pair element of each entry is an value ( 64 - bit unsigned ) to keep the resource ID and the type together .
The macro in utility.h is used to build a 64 - bit unsigned value from two 32 - bit double words .
The second pair element is an instance of the structure which describes the properties of this resource entry .
The meanings of this structure 's members will be explained later .
The second table called the resource handler table ( RESOURCE_HANDLE_TABLE ) stores values returned by the FindResource API ( HRSRC s values ) , along with the ULONGLONG value which acts as a pointer to the register resource table matching entry .
The purpose of this table is to feed HRSRC handles to the LoadResource function , in case this function is trying to load a resource indented to be hooked .
If this is the case and LoadResource can successfully return us a HGLOBAL , this returned handle is stored on the following table .
) stores values returned by the API ( s values ) , along with the value which acts as a pointer to the register resource table matching entry .
The purpose of this table is to feed handles to the function , in case this function is trying to load a resource indented to be hooked .
If this is the case and can successfully return us a , this returned handle is stored on the following table .
Finally , the third table , and the most important for our needs , is the resource pointer table ( RESOURCE_POINTER_TABLE ) where memory addresses to the resources are found .
For each entry , this table contains a pair for which the first element is the HGLOBAL returned by a successful LoadResource call , and the second element is a sub-pair with the 64 - bit unsigned value representing the registered resource as the first element and the resource address returned by LockResource as the second element .
A key concept is that our hooking work tries to respect the semantics of the original ( unhooked ) APIs , e.g. , the LockResource handler is the only one that deals with memory addresses , and where you can get either unhooked resource addresses , or addresses pointing to new allocated resources .
We 've also tried to minimize calls between the APIs , trying to isolate them .
This was achieved partially due to the fact that the SizeofResource function can be called at any point after FindResource returns a valid HRSRC , as we 've seen in the previous section .
The internal tables of the RMC and their general operations can be seen in the following schema ( values are fictitious ) :
Built - in and external resources
RMC supports either modifying any WLM resource that the application loads , or inserting new resources from an external DLL .
For example , you can insert a toolbar button by telling the RMC to insert an XML definition into the MToolbar tag pair ; however , the interesting question is selecting a bitmap for the new button in the related stylesheet with rcimg ( ) .
This bitmap can refer to an existing bitmap resource , and this does not pose major problems .
But , what about using our own button image ?
The approximation of RMC is to allow the specification of new resource IDs that refer to an external DLL ( resdll.dll ) .
The general idea is that FindResource will try to load a resource that does not exist in the WLM resource DLL ( since we are specifying a non-existing ID ) ; in this case , if this request effectively refers to our resource , the RMC will eventually return a valid address for a resource that is not in the WLM resource DLL , but in our own DLL instead .
Registering resources
In terms of the RMC , all resources to be acted upon ( either coming from the WLM resource DLL or an external one ) must be registered into the RMC tables .
This functionality is provided by the two member functions of the resource management class , CResourceManager : RegisterResource and RegisterNewResource .
The prototype of the first function and a description of each parameter follows .
void CResourceManager:: RegisterResource ( DWORD dwType , DWORD dwName , LPVOID pvResData , DWORD cbResDataSize , UINT iResModType , UINT cbWhere = 0 ) ;
Parameter Usage dwType , dwName Specifies the resource type and name ID .
This must point to an existing WLM resource .
pvResData
A pointer to the first byte of the resource data to be added , inserted , appended , or replaced - by for the specified resource .
cbResDataSize Byte count for the data pointed by pvResData .
iResModType
A symbolic constant specifying the operation to be done between the original resource and the data pointed by pvResData .
Valid constants are : RR_APPEND
Data is appended to the end of the original resource .
RR_INSERT
Data is inserted into the resource at the byte position indicated by the cbWhere parameter .
RR_REPLACE
Original resource is totally replaced by new data .
RR_COPY or RR_NONE
No modification is done to the resource : original resource data is copied to a new allocated virtual address .
cbWhere Count of bytes before the position of an insertion .
This is zero by default , and is valid only when RR_INSERT is specified in the iResModType parameter .
The above function is used for registering existing resources only .
For using resources from the external resource DLL resdll.dll , the RegisterNewResource function is provided by the RMC .
void CResourceManager:: RegisterNewResource ( DWORD dwType , DWORD dwName , const RESOURCEINFO& ri ) ;
Parameter Usage dwType , dwName Specifies the resource type and name ID .
The resource type can be , e.g. , 4000 for WLM bitmaps , while the name ID can be any value not used in the WLM resources ( e.g. > 60000 ) ri A reference to a RESOURCEINFO structure specifying the properties of the external DLL contained in the resource to be used .
A RESOURCEINFO structure has the following members : uResId Resource ID from the provided DLL .
wszResType Resource - type string for the resource .
This type parameter can be converted to an integer using the MAKEINTRESOURCE macro .
hrsrc HRSRC handle obtained from FindResource .
dwSize
Size of the resource , in bytes , returned by SizeofResource .
hResData Data handle returned by LoadResource .
dwSize Address to resource returned by LockResource .
In the next section , we 'll show how the RMC effectively manages the resources ; for a complete class reference , please refer to the source code .
Adding a toolbar button example
In this section of the article , a practical example of resource hooking and management will be shown .
You can refer to toolbar.cpp and dllentry.cpp to follow the exposition of the technique .
Open the dllentry.cpp source file , and scroll until the array definition that appears below :
WLM_TOOLBARBUTTON tbb [ 2 ] ;
We are going to create two additional buttons ; therefore , we define an array of two WLM_TOOLBARBUTTON structures , which defines the appearance and behaviour of the buttons .
The WLM_TOOLBARBUTTON contains the following members declared in the wlmplugin.h header file :
WLM_TOOLBARBUTTON member Usage fExtBitmap
If true , the bitmap for the button image comes from an external DLL such as the included resdll.dll ; otherwise , the resource is located at type ID # 4000 in the Windows Live Messenger resource file msgsres.dll .
hModule
The module handle to the external DLL if fExtBitmap is true ; NULL otherwise .
wszResType Resource type string in the resource DLL , e.g. , " PNG " , " RLE " , " BITMAP " .
The easy way to provide additional bitmaps is to encode them in 24 - bit PNG , as they are loaded and displayed without problems by the DirectUI code .
uResID Resource name ID from the external DLL if fBitmapExt is true .
If the resource is located on the WLM resource DLL , the uResID value must exist for a resource name # 4000 .
uPosition
Where the button is to be positioned in the toolbar .
Acceptable values are :
An absolute byte position into the resource data to be modified .
E.g. , 0x1e05 will put the button at the last position for Windows Live Messenger 8.5 ( see a hex dump of the msgsres.dll resource 4004:923 with a resource inspect tool ) .
The constant TB_INSERT_FIRST to insert the button at the front of the toolbar .
szButton
Id Unique button ID ANSI string for UI XML definition resource and XML stylesheet .
wszButtonID
Wide - char string version of szButton
Id for functions requiring Unicode string , avoids conversion functions .
szTooltip ANSI tooltip string to be displayed when hovering over the button with the mouse .
pfnAct Pointer to the function to be executed when the button is pressed .
A function compatible with the PFNBUTTONPROC type must conform to the signature : void function_name ( void *)
The void * parameter is optional , and is meant to pass user - defined data .
Following the WLM_TOOLBARBUTTON array definition , we fill the structure members with data .
As you can infer looking at the dllentry .cpp code , the buttons get the following properties :
Both buttons will be inserted at the front of the toolbar .
Bitmap resources are external .
IDs for those resources are IDB_MPLAYER and IDB_NKT .
and .
They execute mplayrun and webnkt , respectively , when pressed on .
The remaining member assignments are pretty self - explanatory .
The last lines in the source file allocate a fixed buffer size for the XML UI resources and the XML style - sheets we talked about many times in the article .
The AddToolbarButtons function takes the WLM_TOOLBARBUTTON array and the number of elements it contains , along with pointers and the size of both buffers .
When this call returns , hooking is activated to intercept Windows Live Messenger calls with AttachHookArray .
Now , switch your current file to toolbar.cpp .
The first lines of code are nothing uncommon :
UINT uLastRcImg = RESOURCE_ID_BASE ; UINT uImgId ; DWORD dwBytePos = ( ptbb-> uPosition == TB_INSERT_FIRST ?
TB_INSERT_FIRST_BYTE : ptbb->uPosition ) ;
uLastRcImg is incremented for each button addition that uses external resources from a DLL , and it 's a high enough value not probable to clash with the existing bitmap resource IDs .
uImg
Id stores the final resource ID depending on whether an external bitmap is used , and dwBytePos is the absolute byte aligned position where the XML button definition is to be inserted .
The main work is done inside the for loop .
For each iteration :
A XML user interface element resource is defined and copied into the tmpRes character array .
character array .
A matching style definition is generated with proper fields for the button to be able to execute its default action .
This is related to the buttons supporting Microsoft Active Accessibility , which we 're going to explain later .
Of course , button IDs and tooltip text are also written out to the tmpStyle array .
array .
In the style definition , the rcimg property is set to point to an internal WLM resource , or to the custom uLastRcImg ID for external DLL provided resources .
property is set to point to an internal WLM resource , or to the custom ID for external DLL provided resources .
If the bitmap image comes from an external DLL ( fExtBitmap is true ) , the resource management functions of the Windows API are called to obtain the necessary handles to the resource block and address .
Remember that the hooks over those functions are attached when this function body exits , so we are safe to call them here .
With this information obtained successfully , the RMC member function RegisterNewResource is called for the resource type 4000 corresponding to the WLM bitmaps , the generated ID for this new resource ( uLastRcImg ) , and the filled RESOURCEINFO structure .
This is only to register the new toolbar images , not the XML UI element or style resources .
is ) , the resource management functions of the Windows API are called to obtain the necessary handles to the resource block and address .
Remember that the hooks over those functions are attached when this function body exits , so we are safe to call them here .
With this information obtained successfully , the RMC member function is called for the resource type 4000 corresponding to the WLM bitmaps , the generated ID for this new resource ( ) , and the filled structure .
This is only to register the new toolbar images , not the XML UI element or style resources .
The button click event is registered on the CActionDispatcher class instance using the button ID and the function pointer .
There is not much to talk about this class ; it tracks button actions with a std: : map , so when a desired action is to be fired , the ExecuteAction member function is called , with optional user data passed through the void pointer for PFNBUTTONACTION function pointer types .
When all the resource data related to the new toolbar buttons is finally defined in szStyle and szXmlRes , it 's registered by means of RegisterResource .
The use of RegisterResource instead of RegisterNewResource is clear : we 're modifying the existent resources , both the style sheet and the element definition XML .
The relevant source lines are :
g_resMgr.RegisterResource(WLMRES_XMLSTYLE , WLMRES_CONTACT_LIST , szStyle , strlen( szStyle ) , RR_INSERT , WLMRES_STYLE_INSERT_POS ) ; g_resMgr.RegisterResource( WLMRES_XMLUI , WLMRES_CONTACT_LIST , szXmlRes , strlen( szXmlRes ) , RR_INSERT , dwBytePos ) ;
For the current implementation of our project , both insertion positions are hardcoded according to the resources found on WLM 8.5 .
This is a limitation that can be overcome either by implementing at least a minimal XML parsing engine for the WLM resource data , or using conditional compilation by using the WLM_VERSION_MAJOR and WLM_VERSION_MINOR macros .
Just be careful to refer to valid positions so you do n't mess the XML structure .
In the case of WLM 8.5 , we determined the positions by dumping the needed resource data and looking at it with a hex viewer ( such as FAR shown below ) :
Surrounded with a red box is the position ( 0x1524 ) where the buttons definition start in the resource 4005:923 , after the opening MToolbar tag .
As we already know , the resource 4005:923 contains the related style definition ; insertion can be safely done at position 23 ( 0x17 ) , after the header :
< style resid = mainwndss >
After the two toolbar buttons are added and their resources registered , the state of the RMC registered resource table should be similar to the following ( structure members are not shown ) :
REGISTERED_RESOURCE_TABLE
Type and Name ID RESOURCE_MOD_DESCRIPTOR
0x00000FA00000F618 RESOURCE_MOD_DESCRIPTOR
members 0x00000FA00000F619 ... 0x00000 FA40000039B ... 0x00000 FA50000039B ...
The four 64 - bit ULONGLONG values correspond to the two custom bitmaps ( 4000:63000 and 4000:63001 ) , the XML UI definition of the buttons ( 4004:923 ) , and the matching style ( 4005:923 ) .
Resource management execution flow
With the registered resource table filled up , the program gets out from the AddToolbarButtons scope and attaches hooks to FindResource , LoadResource , LockResource , and SizeofResource .
Now , let 's see how we lead the WLM to use the proper resources to make our toolbars to successfully work .
Keep in mind that the explanation is limited to the loading of one toolbar button ; for details , refer to the CResource Manager class related files and reshook.cpp where the API hook handlers are defined .
Live Messenger parses the XML resource where the UI elements are defined ; this is at resource 4004:923 .
Each resource ID that does not match an entry on the registered resource table is loaded without doing anything extra .
When the DirectUI parser in msncore.dll reaches our inserted button tags , it does a lookup in the style data at 4005:923 to find the corresponding style definitions for our buttons .
It will encounter the rcimg keywords referring to bitmap resources with IDs 63000 and 63001 , then calls FindResource to get the HRSRC handle for resources 4000:63000 and 4000:63001 , which , of course , do not exist in the msgsres.dll resource DLL for the Windows Live Messenger .
In this case , our FindResource hook handler knows that it 's asking for a new resource , so it forces the API to return the HRSRC that points to the external bitmap we are providing , in addition to inserting it into the resource handle table .
keywords referring to bitmap resources with IDs 63000 and 63001 , then calls to get the handle for resources 4000:63000 and 4000:63001 , which , of course , do not exist in the msgsres.dll resource DLL for the Windows Live Messenger .
In this case , our hook handler knows that it 's asking for a new resource , so it forces the API to return the that points to the external bitmap we are providing , in addition to inserting it into the resource handle table .
Live Messenger continues its sequence of calls for loading the resource into memory .
When LoadResource is executed , its hook handler follows the same logic we explained above : if a new resource is being loaded , it returns the HGLOBAL for the bitmap residing on the DLL .
At last , it adds the HGLOBAL handle to the resource pointer table for our bitmap .
is executed , its hook handler follows the same logic we explained above : if a new resource is being loaded , it returns the for the bitmap residing on the DLL .
At last , it adds the handle to the resource pointer table for our bitmap .
For the LockResource interception , the hook handler function calls CResourceManager : : AllocResource which allocates the necessary virtual memory to store the new bitmap ( in addition to inserting new resource data into an existing resource if the RR_INSERT modifier is used ) .
Then LockResource returns the address of either the new resource copied from the external DLL , or the address where a modified resource exists now .
interception , the hook handler function calls which allocates the necessary virtual memory to store the new bitmap ( in addition to inserting new resource data into an existing resource if the modifier is used ) .
Then returns the address of either the new resource copied from the external DLL , or the address where a modified resource exists now .
The case of SizeofResource hooking does not follow the above logic .
Because SizeofResource may be called at any instant following a successful FindResource , for registered resources , we force the resource " pipeline " to always go through the sequence FindResource -> SizeofResource .
In any case , the hook handler of SizeofResource will always return an already stored value .
When the SizeofResource handler figures that a call is being made for the first time , it returns the default , non-modified resource size which was in the RESOURCE_MOD_DESCRIPTOR instance at the registered resource table .
Later calls may return the new modified resource size ( e.g. , the RR_COPY modifier will return the same size every time ) .
This is a very bare - bones depiction of how resources are managed ; I encourage you to look carefully at the source code and , of course , apply the modifications or ideas you want to this scheme .
To finish this exposition , a capture of the added buttons is shown :
In the next section , you 'll learn how to handle the toolbar button click events through Active Accessibility .
Getting the contact list selection
This is our last dissertation , and involves how to get the currently selected contact information through the contact e-mail , which in fact is the unique identifier of an MSN contact .
Note that to fully understand the exposition below , you need to know the basic theory of COM : querying interfaces , IUnknown pointers , class factories , and similar concepts .
Remember that thanks to COM being essentially a binary component architecture , not a source - code based one , you can take this section as a base for your own ideas , and implement them in other languages that support COM , such as Visual Basic or Delphi .
An approximation to MS Active Accessibility ( MSAA )
Active Accessibility is a Microsoft COM - based technology designed to develop software that supports accessibility features supported by the underlying Operating System components , so characteristics , for example , for visually impaired users can be added " naturally " to a Windows application .
Therefore , the key objective of MSAA is to design software with accessible user interfaces , or to easily extend the current software to be able to support those accessible features .
You may ask what MSAA has to do with Live Messenger contacts .
The answer comes from the fact that the Windows Live Messenger Direct - UI interface supports Active Accessibility , even when the owner - drawn controls are hidden from window spying utilities , so we 're going to take this for peeking and hooking with those controls .
To begin with the MSAA topic and how it is related in practice with the Windows Live Messenger , we 'll use the Accessibility Explorer tool found in the Accessibility SDK to peek into the area we are interested to inspect , the contact list .
The above screenshot shows the accessibility properties of a contact .
Considering that every child control that supports accessibility ( like the contact we are inspecting ) can be accessed through a COM object , it 's perfectly possible to get the contact ID using the proper interface .
But , through what interface ?
The answer is simple : all applications with MSAA - based user interfaces implement IAccessible .
For example , with a valid pointer to IAccessible , it 's rather easy to get the state of the control with :
pIAcc->get_accState(CHILDID_SELF , &v ) ;
The constant CHILDID_SELF indicates the method to return information for the control itself , instead for any of its children , while v is a VARIANT type variable containing the state of the object in the lVal member ( vt variant member is VT_I4 ) .
Refer to MSDN for Object State Constants and VARIANT Structure .
With this quick start , but before going to the sample code , we are going to talk about the COM interfaces exposed by the Windows Live Messenger .
The Live Messenger type libraries
It is known that the Windows Live Messenger offers many COM interfaces that can be used directly with Visual Studio by using the #import directive pointing to the WLM executable type libraries .
Those interfaces are quite useful , and are enough to code pretty good plug-ins for the most popular messaging application ; there is one caveat , however : working with those interfaces will make the Windows Messenger msmsgs.exe executable to start , because the default type library points to the Windows Messenger relay object .
Since the Windows Messenger is not available anymore on post - XP systems such as Vista , objects wo n't be created from the default type library .
This is totally undesirable .
The solution is to use a customized type library made by a well - known user of the Fanatic Live Forums with the nickname ' The Steve ' ; a custom TLB with the particular feature of ignoring the Windows Messenger process .
According to the posts there , the wonderful type library created by this user works on the latest WLM 9.0 betas as well .
For more information , see the thread MessengerAPI without Windows Messenger .
You will find the MSNMessengerAPI.tlb type library in the tlbs directory .
Now , to get a pointer to a MSNMessenger object instance , we could hook CoCreateInstance as it's the common function to create COM objects .
Unfortunately , it does not work for catching the creation of the object ; however , we can successfully intercept the creation of the object instance by hooking CoRegisterClassObject instead .
The relevant handler is in the comhook.cpp source file :
void Handle_CoRegisterClassObject ( NktHandlerParams * hp ) { HRESULT hr ; WCHAR wszBuf [ 256 ] ; CLSID clsid = **( CLSID **) PARAMETER_INDEX(0 ) ; IUnknown * pUnk = *( IUnknown **) PARAMETER_INDEX(1 ) ; IClass Factory * pIcf = NULL ; if ( SUCCEEDED (( HRESULT ) WINAPI_RETVAL ) ) { StringFromGUID( clsid , wszBuf ) ; _OutputDebugString ( L" S_OK , Handling CoRegisterClassObject for CLSID %s " , wszBuf ) ; // check CLSID ... if ( clsid == MSNMessenger :: CLSID_Messenger ) { OutputDebugString ( L" Handling CoRegisterClassObject for CLSID_Messenger
" ) ; // get ptr to class factory hr = pUnk->QueryInterface(IID_IClassFactory , ( void **) & pIcf ) ; if ( SUCCEEDED ( hr ) ) { hr = pIcf -> CreateInstance ( NULL , MSNMessenger :: IID_IMSNMessenger , ( void ** ) &g_wlmIfaces.pIMsn ) ; _ASSERTE ( hr == S_OK ) ; } pUnk -> Release ( ) ; // attach hook to handle MSAA events g_wlmTopWindow.hwevh = SetWinEventHook( EVENT_OBJECT_FOCUS , EVENT_OBJECT_STATECHANGE , GetModuleHandle(0 ) , & HandleWinEvent , GetCurrentProcessId( ) , NULL , WINEVENT_INCONTEXT ) ; } } }
The logic is easy to understand .
For every successful CoRegisterClassObject call , we check if it's related to the CLSID of the desired MSNMessenger coclass .
When we catch it , we create an instance of the object through a class factory interface ( IID_IClassFactory ) storing the IMSNMessenger interface pointer into the member pIMsn of a WLM_IFACES structure .
Once we properly get the IMSNMessenger interface pointer , we proceed to hook Active Accessibility events with the purpose of catching the state and focus change on the contact list items .
We use the MSAA provided hooking API SetWinEventHook instead of Trappola , because Windows Live Messenger DirectUI controls do n't work with the standard Win32 API message callback mechanism , therefore the subclassing method we reviewed earlier does not apply .
But thanks to MSAA , all controls " emit " messages that can be intercepted with this MSAA hooking capability .
Catching accessibility events
We are going to get the contact information when the user changes the selection state of a contact .
The easiest way to do it is to handle the focus change event EVENT_OBJECT_FOCUS , filtering focus events for controls different from a contact list user .
Regarding the click events of our added toolbar buttons , we handle EVENT_OBJECT_STATECHANGE , filtering " Pressed " state changes only for buttons .
When a button is clicked , we call the CActionDispatcher : : ExecuteAction method to tell the action dispatcher class to execute the proper function if the button ID is registered ; for the remaining default buttons , the Live Messenger obviously does nothing .
The code above is the MSAA event handler which was specified with the SetWinEventHook API function .
void CALLBACK HandleWinEvent( HWINEVENTHOOK
hook , DWORD event , HWND hwnd , LONG idObject , LONG idChild , DWORD dwEventThread , DWORD dwmsEventTime ) { IAccessible * pIAcc = 0 ; MSNMessenger ::IMSNMessengerContact * pIMsnContact = 0 ; VARIANT varChild , varRole , varState ; BSTR name = NULL ; WCHAR wszID [ MAXSTRL ] ; VariantInit( &varChild ) ; HRESULT hr = AccessibleObjectFromEvent ( hwnd , idObject , idChild , & pIAcc , &varChild ) ; if ( ( hr == S_OK ) && ( pIAcc != NULL ) ) { if ( pIAcc->get_accName( varChild , &name ) != S_FALSE ) { switch ( event ) { case EVENT_OBJECT_FOCUS : // process only if the contact info window menu option is enabled if ( AccObjToContactID(name , wszID ) && g_wlmTopWindow.fEnableInfoWnd ) { BSTR bstrID = SysAllocString ( wszID ) ; IDispatch * pIDisp ; hr = g_wlmIfaces .pIMsn->raw_GetContact( bstrID , g_wlmIfaces.pIMsn->MyServiceId , & pIDisp ) ; if ( SUCCEEDED ( hr ) ) { if ( SUCCEEDED( pIDisp->QueryInterface ( MSNMessenger ::IID_IMSNMessengerContact , ( void **) &pIMsnContact ) ) ) { ShowWindow(g_wlmContactInfoWindow.hwnd , SW_SHOWNA ) ; // force window to repaint with new values g_wlmContactInfoWindow.wszContactID
= bstrID ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.wszFriendlyName = pIMsnContact ->FriendlyName ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.msStatus = pIMsnContact ->Status ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.
fBlocked = pIMsnContact ->Blocked ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.fCanPage = pIMsnContact ->CanPage ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.wszHomePhone = pIMsnContact->GetPhoneNumber ( MSNMessenger :: MPHONE_TYPE_HOME ) ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.wszWorkPhone = pIMsnContact->GetPhoneNumber ( MSNMessenger :: MPHONE_TYPE_WORK ) ; g_wlmContactInfoWindow.wszMobilePhone = pIMsnContact->GetPhoneNumber ( MSNMessenger :: MPHONE_TYPE_MOBILE ) ; SendMessage(g_wlmContactInfoWindow.hwnd , WM_UPDATEBASECOLOR , 0 , 0 ) ; pIMsnContact -> Release ( ) ; } pIDisp -> Release ( ) ; } SysFreeString ( bstrID ) ; } else // if it 's focused to a non-contact element ... { //
Hide contact info window ShowWindow( g_wlmContactInfoWindow.hwnd , SW_HIDE ) ; } break ; case EVENT_OBJECT_STATECHANGE : // We handle this for toolbar buttons going to " pressed " state varRole.vt = VT_I4 ; pIAcc->get_accRole(varChild , &varRole ) ; pIAcc->get_accState( varChild , &varState ) ; if ( varRole.lVal == ROLE_SYSTEM_BUTTONMENU ) { if ( varState .lVal == STATE_SYSTEM_PRESSED ) // Execute action related to this button name g_actDisp. ExecuteAction ( std : :wstring ( name ) , NULL ) ; } break ; } SysFreeString ( name ) ; } pIAcc-> Release ( ) ; } VariantClear ( &varChild ) ; }
Do not look deeply at the details , let 's just analyze the logic of the MSAA event handler :
When the SetWinEventHook was called , the range of events to be handled was limited to the range EVENT_OBJECT_FOCUS ..
EVENT_OBJECT_STATECHANGE
( see the CoRegisterClassObject hook handler in the previous section ) .
So , when such events occur , we first get the accessible object emitting the message with AccessibleObjectFromEvent .
If the object name is valid , we store it in the name BSTR - type variable .
was called , the range of events to be handled was limited to the range .. ( see the hook handler in the previous section ) .
So , when such events occur , we first get the accessible object emitting the message with .
If the object name is valid , we store it in the - type variable .
For a focus change event , we validate and extract the user sign - in name ( ID ) from the IAccessible :: get_accName property .
After this , contact information is retrieved through the IMSNMessenger interface pointer , which is in turn obtained from the IDispatch pointer since IMSNMessenger is a dual interface .
This kind of interfaces allow clients to access its methods through a dispatch interface or the standard vtable mechanism , and is aimed at COM client development on languages not supporting calls through vtable , such as Visual Basic 6 .
property .
After this , contact information is retrieved through the interface pointer , which is in turn obtained from the pointer since is a dual interface .
This kind of interfaces allow clients to access its methods through a dispatch interface or the standard vtable mechanism , and is aimed at COM client development on languages not supporting calls through vtable , such as Visual Basic 6 .
For a state change event , we check if both the Active Accessibility role property is ROLE_SYSTEM_BUTTONMENU and the state went to pressed ( STATE_SYSTEM_PRESSED ) .
If this condition is true , then proper action is executed through the Action Dispatcher class .
This completes our explanation of Active Accessibility in particular , and the review of the techniques for the article in general .
Final words
I hope you enjoyed the article and the code .
Consider this dissertation as a base document in the field of reverse engineering and plug - in development for the Windows Live Messenger , as there are many techniques and ways to accomplish what we 've done .
As I 've said at the start , the ideas applied can be aimed generally at any Windows application .
Now that the pretending is over , Bush is scrapping the ranch for what will no doubt be toney new digs in Dallas , but before our cowboy rides off into the sunset , we learn via the Pine View Farm that there is still time for some parting middle fingers to the American public :
The Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday approved a last - minute rule change by the Bush administration that will allow coal companies to bury streams under the rocks leftover from mining .
The 1983 rule prohibited dumping the fill from mountaintop removal mining within 100 feet of streams .
In practice , the government had n’t been enforcing the rule .
Government figures show that 535 miles of streams were buried or diverted from 2001 to 2005 , more than half of them in the mountains of Appalachia .
Along with the loss of the streams has been an increase of erosion and flooding .
The 11th hour change before President George W. Bush leaves office would eliminate a tool that citizens groups have used in lawsuits to keep mining waste out of streams .
Mining companies had been pushing for the change for years .
It also means that President - elect Barack Obama ’s administration will have to decide whether to try to restore and enforce the rule , a process that could take many months of new rulemaking .
Obama ’s transition team declined to comment on its plans on Tuesday .
Rivers and streams are over - rated , although since Appalachia went for McCain and Pinochet in heels , I guess you could argue this is what we wanted .
Also , via the Mahablog , Bush is offering a parting gift to the religious nutters :
The outgoing Bush administration is planning to announce a broad new “ right of conscience ” rule permitting medical facilities , doctors , nurses , pharmacists and other healthcare workers to refuse to participate in any procedure they find morally objectionable , including abortion and possibly even artificial insemination and birth control .
So while some on the left are busy getting their progressive selves up in arms because Obama is n’t doing exactly what they want him to do 48 days before he is sworn in , the reality of the matter is that the first few months of the Obama administration are going to have to be spent figuring out how to stave off a depression with a government that has been bankrupted by Republican rule , figure out how to get us out of Iraq , and then spend a good bit of time undoing the last minute parting shots from the Mayberry Machiavellis .
Worst .
President .
Ever .
There 's a lot of frustration among conservatives over how Barack Obama 's radical past seems to be making no impact whatsoever among the American public .
His connection to communists in particular , from communist - terrorists like Bill Ayers to the communist agitator - journalist Frank Marshall Davis to fellow travelers like Saul Alinsky , has simply failed to resonate beyond the political right .
Quite the contrary , the more information that becomes available on Obama 's radical associations , the more he seems to widen his lead over John McCain , a man who was tortured by communists in Vietnam .
I understand these frustrations completely .
I 'm also not surprised .
I have seen for quite some time that although we won the Cold War -- and defeated the Soviet communist empire -- America is vulnerable to varying degrees of collectivism , wealth redistribution , " creeping socialism " ( Ronald Reagan 's phrase ) , class - warfare rhetoric , and generally milder , more palatable ( but still dangerous ) forms of disguised Marxism .
Why ?
How ?
The answer is simple :
The history and truth about communism is not taught by our educators .
That total failure to remind and understand means that Americans are painfully vulnerable to repeat mistakes that should have been forever tossed onto the ash - heap of history .
Communism and the Cold War has been my area of research for years .
I 've written books on the subject .
I lecture on the subject at Grove City College and around the country .
The book I 'm currently researching with Peter Schweizer is a Cold War book , which , ironically , inevitably brought us into contact with Marxist characters who allied with and even mentored Barack Obama .
Of all the lectures that I do around the country , none seem to rivet the audience as much as my discourse on the horrors of communism .
In these lectures , which are usually connected to my books on Ronald Reagan , I do a 10 - 15 minute backgrounder on the crimes of communists - from their militant attacks on private property , on members of all religious faiths , and on basic civil liberties , to their total death toll of over 100 million bloodied , emaciated corpses in the 20th century .
As I do these presentations , the young people , especially on college campuses , are locked in , amazed at what they are hearing .
I think they are especially struck that I always ground every fact and figure in reliable research and authorities -- books published by Harvard University Press and Yale University Press , quotes from the likes of Mikhail Gorbachev and Vaclav Havel and Alexander Yakovlev , anti-Soviet appraisals from certain Cold War Democrats like Harry Truman and John F. Kennedy and even early liberals like Woodrow Wilson .
I rarely use right - wing sources because I do n't want the professors of these students to be able to later shoot a single hole in my presentation -- a potential tactic to undermine the overall thesis .
And speaking of those professors , that gets to my point here :
As the young people in my audience are fully engaged , hands in the air with question after question -- obviously hearing all of these things for the first time in their lives , from K - 12 to college , as they are eager to inform me after my talk -- the professors often stare at me with contempt .
In one case , a British professor , who could not stop sighing , squirming , and rolling her eyes as I quoted the most heinous assessments of religion by Marx and Lenin , got up and stormed out of the room .
These professors glare at me as if the ghost of Joe McCarthy has flown into the room and leapt inside of my body .
In fact , that 's the essence of their criticism :
It is not so much that these professors approve of communism as much as they disapprove of -- actually , utterly despise -- anti-communism .
They are anti-anti - communist more so than pro-communist .
Conservatives need to understand this , so as to avoid broad - brushing and losing credibility .
Sure , a lot of professors are Marxists , and many more share the utopian goals of Marxism , but the vast majority are simply leftists .
Being on the left entails many strange contradictions and political pathologies , one of which is this bizarre revulsion toward anti-communists .
These leftists -- to their credit -- despise fascism , and will preach anti-fascism until they 're blue in the face .
They are as appalled by fascism as conservatives are by communism .
But while conservatives detest both communism and fascism , liberals only detest one of the two .
For instance , I recently saw that Human Events created a list of the top 10 worst books ever written , which included , as the top two , Marx 's Communist Manifesto ( # 1 ) , followed by Hitler 's Mein Kampf ( # 2 ) .
That ranking is easily defended solely on numbers : Hitler killed at least 10 million ; communism killed at least 100 million .
Either way , kudos to Human Events , a conservative newspaper , for putting both communism and fascism in its top two .
Yet , conversely , any liberal version of such a list would not even place the Communist Manifesto in the top 10 .
I guarantee that liberals who read the Human Events list will snicker at its alleged Neanderthal anti-communism .
The leftist intelligentsia that dominates higher education , and which writes the civics texts used in high schools -- I 've read and studied these texts -- and which trains the teachers who teach in high schools , is not in the slightest bit notably anti-communist .
These liberals do not teach the lessons of communism .
What 's more , aside from failing to instruct their students in the crass facts about communism 's unprecedented destruction -- its purges , mass famines , show trials , killing fields , concentration camps -- these educators are negligent in failing to teach the essential , non-emotional , but crucial Econ 101 basics that contrast capitalism and communism and , thus , that get at the heart of how and why command economies simply do not work .
Each semester in my Comparative Politics course at Grove City College , it takes no more than 50 minutes to matter - of - factly lay out the rudimentary differences .
Whereas capitalist systems are based on the market forces of supply and demand , which dictate prices and production levels and targets , communist systems are based on central planning , by which a government bureau attempts to manage such things .
Capitalism is based on private ownership ; communism on public ownership .
Capitalism thrives on small government and taxes ; communism on large government and taxes , typically progressive income - tax rates and estate taxes -- both advocated explicitly by Marx -- and much more .
This stuff is n't rocket science .
It is easy to teach , if the professor desires .
The problem is that it is n't being taught .
Consequently , Americans today do not know why communism is such a devastating ideology , at both the level of plain economic theory and in actual historical practice .
It is a remarkably hateful system , based on literal hatred and targeted annihilation of entire classes and groups of people .
( Nazism sought genocide based on ethnicity ; communism sought genocide based on class . )
Most Americans generally know that the USSR was a bad place and that it was good that the Berlin Wall fell ; they lived through that .
But they know little beyond that , especially young Americans in college today , born around the time the wall fell -- Obama 's biggest supporters .
Nowhere in America is Barack Obama worshipped as he is on college campuses , by students and professors alike .
What does it all mean for November 2008 ?
It means that millions of modern Americans , when they hear that Barack Obama has deep roots with communist radicals like Bill Ayers and Frank Marshall Davis , do n't care ; they do n't get it .
Moreover , the leftist establishment -- from academia to media to Hollywood -- will not help them get it .
To the contrary , the left responds to these accusations by not only downplaying or dismissing them but by ridiculing or even vilifying them , given the left 's reflexive anti-anti-communism .
The left will create bad guys out of the anti-communists who are legitimately blowing the whistle on the real bad guys .
When the leftists of the ‘ 60s took over higher education and the media , they really knew what they were doing .
This was brilliant , masterful , a tactical slam - dunk , a tremendous coup for them and their worldview , with ripple effects we can scarcely imagine .
Does this mean that the McCain camp , talk radio and conservatives generally should n't bother exposing these things ?
Not at all .
The truth is the truth , and needs to be told .
Moderates especially need to be informed that Barack Obama is not your typical liberal : he is the most hard - left Democrat that his party has ever nominated for the presidency .
It is absolutely not a coincidence that the man with these far - left associations just so happens to be ranked -- quantifiably , objectively , by non-partisan , respected sources like National Journal -- the most far - left member of the U.S. Senate , which is no small thing given the leftward drift of the modern Democratic Party .
In other words , Obama 's extremist associations matter ; they are fully revealing , illustrative of the political - ideological realities that the pro-Obama media will not expose .
His voting record bears this out .
That said , I warn my fellow conservatives :
Be prepared to be really , really frustrated when few people seem to care .
40 Gorgeous Photoshop Tutorials On Rain , Showers and Water Drops
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
With fall just around the corner , designers are looking for ways to complement their work with Fall imagery like water droplets , rain on leaves and fall rain showers .
Including rain or water drops in a scene can be a nice effect because water is a very compelling element .
As you ’ll see in the tutorials below , water drops and rain can completely change the dynamic of a design or photo .
With fall just around the corner , designers are looking for ways to complement their work with fall imagery like water droplets , rain on leaves and fall rain showers .
Including rain or water drops in a scene can be a nice effect because water is a very compelling element .
As you ’ll see in the tutorials below , water drops and rain can completely change the dynamic of a design or photo .
Adding the illusion of water and rain to photographs using Photoshop can be a bit tricky .
Many times the effect feels forced and cheesy , as if you ’re looking at a grainy picture instead of an authentic rain shower .
The tutorials below will give any designer inspiration for incorporating water scenes in fall designs and showcase some amazing water work by excellent designers .
You ’ll learn how to create realistic photos .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Rain
Add Rain to a Photo
How to add a dramatic rain effect to a photo in Photoshop .
And how to make the image more photorealistic by adding reflections and small puddles .
Flooded City Scene
Learn how to manipulate a simple photo into a flooding torrent of a scene .
Making Realistic Rain
How to create just about anything from rain to snow to fog .
How to Add Rain to a Photo
How to create some realistic rain drops to instantly enhance the mood of any photograph .
The Rain Tutorial
Use rain brushes to create tiny raindrops and a typical rain look .
Add a Rain Effect to a Photo in Photoshop
In this Photoshop tutorial you will learn how to add a rain effect to a photo .
Animated Rain Tutorial
How to make animated rain such as this .
Water Droplets
How to Create Water Droplets
How to create photo - realistic water droplets on top of existing images .
Photoshop : Water Droplets
A tutorial on how to create water - droplets on an image of your choice using Photoshop
Water drops in photoshop in 5 minutes
Create water drops is a bit complex , they have highlights , shadows , transparencies , inner shadows and inner highlights .
Realistic Water Drop Reflections
How to Create Realistic Water Drop Reflections in Adobe Photoshop .
Tutorial : Realistic Water Drops
Learn how to create realistic water drops in Photoshop .
Water Text Effects
Sea foam text effect
How to create foam textured text or shapes in Photoshop .
Realistic Water Text
Incredibly Realistic Water Text in Cinema 4D and Photoshop .
Splashing Water Text Effect
How you can incorporate water splash brushsets into your text and create great effect from that .
Surreal Underwater Background In Photoshop
How to create a surreal underwater landscape in Photoshop using some simple blending and image cropping techniques .
Underwater 3D Text Effect in Photoshop
In this Photoshop Tutorial , you will be making a 3D text under water .
Create A Glowing Liquid Text
All the steps to create a Glowing Liquid Text Effect in Photoshop with the use of liquify filter , layer blending options , as well as some image adjustments .
Water Text Effect Tutorial
Learn how to make one amazing water text effect in Photoshop .
Water Text effects Tutorial
The transparent look the used makes the water look real .
Easy Liquid Text Effect in Photoshop
Learn how to create a quick and easy liquid text effect in Photoshop .
Create an Advanced Water Drop text
Explore how to create a water drop text effect with advanced layer style techniques .
Underwater
Underwater Apartment Photo Manipulation
Learn how to create this underwater room .
This tutorial covers techniques such as blending images , color correction , adding photo effects .
Create an Eerie Underwater Composition
Lear how to create an eerie underwater scene , a very realistic looking image .
The creation of “ A Life Of Aquatic Sounds ”
Use a variety of blending mode tricks , photo filters and other useful Photoshop techniques .
Photoshop Tutorial : Underwater Turtle
How to create an beautiful underwater turtle photo - manipulation .
Underwater Scene
Create a Realistic Underwater Scene in Adobe Photoshop .
Abstract Underwater
How to create an Abstract Underwater Scene .
Create a Fantasy Underwater Scene with Photoshop
How to photo manipulate a fantasy woman , floating in an underwater setting .
More Water Tutorials
Create amazing water - drenched photomontages
How to make a splash , blending two very different images to create this amazing dissolving figure of a man .
Displacement Water
The displace filter is an excellent tool for making a distortion like water .
Create an Intense Apocalyptic Photo Manipulation
Learn how to create this amazing apocalyptic photo manipulation with Photoshop .
TV Aquarium
A digital drawing and photo effect tutorial with a special aquarium .
Creating Water and Splash Effects
In this brief behind the scenes you will learn some of the secrets behind this water spider .
Water reflections
A realistic water reflections photoshop tutorial .
How to Create a Realistic Water Cube in Photoshop
In this tutorial we will use basic and advanced techniques in order to create a realistic water cube .
Beautiful Water Effect in Photoshop
How to create a really cool effect with water texture and the displace filter .
Amazing Water & Light Splash
In this tutorial you will learn how to create an abstract splash composition in Photoshop .
Abstract Art
How to Create an Underwater in Photoshop .
Surreal Advertising Photo Manipulation
This tutorial demonstrates how to blend stock images to create an illustration that could be applied to anything from drinks machines to point - of - sale displays .
Create an Eerie Underwater Composition
Lear how to create an eerie underwater scene , a very realistic looking image .
The creation of “ A Life Of Aquatic Sounds ”
Use a variety of blending mode tricks , photo filters and other useful Photoshop techniques .
Photoshop Tutorial : Underwater Turtle
How to create an beautiful underwater turtle photo - manipulation .
Underwater Scene
Create a Realistic Underwater Scene in Adobe Photoshop .
Abstract Underwater
How to create an Abstract Underwater Scene .
Create a Fantasy Underwater Scene with Photoshop
How to photo manipulate a fantasy woman , floating in an underwater setting .
More Water Tutorials
Create amazing water - drenched photomontages
How to make a splash , blending two very different images to create this amazing dissolving figure of a man .
Displacement Water
The displace filter is an excellent tool for making a distortion like water .
Create an Intense Apocalyptic Photo Manipulation
Learn how to create this amazing apocalyptic photo manipulation with Photoshop .
TV Aquarium
A digital drawing and photo effect tutorial with a special aquarium .
Creating Water and Splash Effects
In this brief behind the scenes you will learn some of the secrets behind this water spider .
Water reflections
A realistic water reflections photoshop tutorial .
How to Create a Realistic Water Cube in Photoshop
In this tutorial we will use basic and advanced techniques in order to create a realistic water cube .
Beautiful Water Effect in Photoshop
How to create a really cool effect with water texture and the displace filter .
Amazing Water & Light Splash
In this tutorial you will learn how to create an abstract splash composition in Photoshop .
Abstract Art
How to Create an Underwater in Photoshop .
Surreal Advertising Photo Manipulation
This tutorial demonstrates how to blend stock images to create an illustration that could be applied to anything from drinks machines to point - of - sale displays .
The effort is particularly important for Facebook , which once represented the seemingly boundless promise of the Web 2.0 boom .
It desperately wants to make certain the other Web companies do not supplant it and become the most popular hub for online socializing .
Image
The screen you would see when logging into Citysearch , a Facebook partner , with your Facebook Connect credentials .
Facebook , with 120 million members worldwide , has also been under extra pressure to get its revenue to match its media hype and membership growth .
Responding to reports that Facebook was looking for more capital after raising $ 235 million last year , Ms. Sandberg said she would not rule that out .
“ There is a lot of interest in investing in us and we are always open to the right financing at the right price , ” she said .
The most immediate challenge confronting Facebook is to create an enduring stream of advertising revenue .
A survey last week from the research firm IDC suggested that social networks were a miserable place for advertisers : just 57 percent of all users of social networks clicked on an ad in the last year , and only 11 percent of those clicks led to a purchase , IDC said .
And it turns out that marketers are not so interested in advertising on pages filled with personal trivia and relationship updates .
“ What in heaven ’s name made you think you could monetize the real estate in which somebody is breaking up with their girlfriend ? ”
Ted McConnell , a general manager at Procter & Gamble , asked last month at an industry conference .
This is where Facebook Connect could help .
No money changes hands between Facebook and the sites using Connect , and executives are wary of discussing how it could bring in revenue .
But there are some obvious possibilities .
In the wake of the recent historic flood in Mid-Michigan , state , federal and local authorities , and Dow Chemical Corporation must work with due diligence and transparency to protect the health of the residents , wildlife and the environment they rely on .
Many people approaching a new language , particularly a new Lisp , often explore the new language by attempting to implement examples and exercises from canonical Lisp texts .
Paul Graham ’s On Lisp , Peter Siebel ’s Practical Common Lisp , and Abelson and Sussman ’s SICP are ususal suspects .
I ’m not going to attempt any large - scale “ translation ” of SICP into Clojure , but I do think the section 3.5 , on streams , sheds a lot of light on the lazy sequences in the new language .
A stream is a sequence of elements that may be evaluated and used one at a time , rather than evaluating the entire sequence .
SICP formulates them as delayed lists , but in Clojure anything that can implement first and rest may be abstracted as a sequence .
And whereas in MIT Scheme you need macros , or your own evaluator with special forms , to achieve this delaying behavior , Clojure gives it to you by default .
Here ’s a great example from SICP , an implementation of the Sieve of Eratosthenes , an algorithm for finding prime numbers in order :
( define ( sieve stream ) ( cons- stream ( stream - car stream ) ( sieve ( stream - filter ( lambda ( x ) ( not ( divisible ? x ( stream - car stream ) ) ) ) ( stream - cdr stream ) ) ) ) ) ( define primes ( sieve ( integers - starting - from 2 ) ) ) ( stream - ref primes 50 ) 233
Here is ( one way ) to do it in Clojure :
( def intstream ( iterate inc 2 ) ) ( defn sieve [ stream ] ( lazy - cons ( first stream ) ( sieve ( filter #( not ( zero ? ( rem % ( first stream ) ) ) ) ( rest stream ) ) ) ) ) ( def primes ( sieve intstream ) ( nth primes 50 ) 233
The lovely thing about streams is that you can describe them very simply : an expression that evaluates to the first item and an expression that generates the next item is all you need .
The Clojure expression ( iterate inc 2 ) produces such a stream , with 2 as the first expression and a function that applies the increment function to produce the rest .
We do n’t have to specify a mechanism for generating ( or caching ) expressions as we need them .
It ’s taken care of under the hood .
So our code has the simplicity that comes from using straight - forward sequences .
This is one of the hallmarks of beautiful code , and beautiful functional code in particular : when you read the code you see clearly how the process is solving the problem .
There ’s very little noise in the way of the signal .
My sieve function is very naive .
I ’m writing it with virtually no knowledge of how Clojure executes it in Java .
You begin to get an idea when you macroexpand the lazy - cons expression inside sieve :
( new clojure.lang.LazyCons ( clojure.core /fn ( [ ] ( first stream ) ) ( [ G__1131 ] ( sieve ( filter ( fn * [ p1__1130 ] ( not ( zero ? ( rem p1__1130 ( first stream ) ) ) ) ) ( rest stream ) ) ) ) ) )
This suggests that there ’s a LazyCons class defined in clojure .lang with a one - argument constructor .
Sure enough :
package clojure.lang ;
final public class LazyCons extends ASeq {
final private static ISeq sentinel = new Cons ( null , null ) ; IFn f ; Object _first ; ISeq _rest ;
public LazyCons ( IFn f ) { this .f = f ; this ._first = sentinel ; this ._rest = sentinel ; } ...
I ’m going to stop at this point in the rabbit hole .
This gives you an idea of how Clojure becomes java .
I ’m hoping to post more about streams and sequences as well as more about how Clojure ticks .
It ’s time for me to dust off my very dusty java skills .
You might be forgiven for thinking that the likes of trendsetter Apple or Google ’s umbrella company Alphabet were picking up the most patents , but it is in fact proud old giant IBM that has topped the list for 2016 .
IBM largely stepped away from consumer electronics when it flogged its Thinkpad laptop brand to Lenovo back in 2005 , but part of the reason was to focus on its R&D innovations .
A list of the patents granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office shows exactly how that is going with IBM registering an astounding 8,088 .
To put that in context it ’s 2,500 more than its nearest rival Samsung in second place and a staggering 5,000 more that Google .
Apple was not even in the top 10 , but camera giant Canon was in third place ahead of Qualcomm , Google , Intel and LG - with Microsoft , TSM and Sony making up the rest of the rankings .
Drones , AI and hearing aids
But what kind of patents is IBM registering ?
Well , the burgeoning world of machine learning was prominent , but also mentioned were sat navs that also account for your state of mind as well as the traffic , monitoring your stress before , say , deciding if the motorways is really the best option .
Also included were personalised hearing aids that work out what you want to hear and even drones that filter out microbes in environments like hospitals .
Like all patents - there ’s often a big gap between the final product that we get to see and the filing from the company .
But it ’s clear IBM is leading the charge in the US at the moment when it comes to futuristic thinking .
" A couple of weeks ago , I took it for a BASE jump from my favourite 1200 - foot cliff .
I ?ve attached data from the freefall portion of the jump and the first few seconds of canopy flight .
The grid is 1 second on the x-axis , and 1 G on the y - axis .
The black line shows total acceleration , while the coloured lines show each axis ( after calibration ) .
In the ' jump ' plot , you can see clearly where I jump , at the 1 second mark , and where the canopy opens , at the 9.75 second mark , after 8.75 seconds of freefall .
You can also see the point , at about 3 seconds , where wind resistance becomes significant , after which I appear to be resting on my belly on a cushion of air . "
PRINCETON , NJ --
The latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking report from Monday through Wednesday shows Barack Obama with a 49 % to 43 % lead over John McCain among registered voters .
Almost all of the interviews in this three - day rolling average were conducted before Wednesday night 's third and final presidential debate at Hofstra University , which began at 9 p.m. ET .
It will be several days before the full impact of this debate can be measured in the three - day rolling average , although its initial impact might be apparent as early as Friday 's report .
Meanwhile , the current rolling average shows that McCain has done slightly better in the days leading into the debate .
McCain 's 43 % share of the vote matches his best in the last two weeks .
Today 's average also represents the first time since the Sept. 30 - Oct. 2 average that Obama has received less than 50 % support from registered voters , although Obama continues to maintain a significant lead among this group .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Gallup is presenting two likely voter estimates to see how preferences might vary under different turnout scenarios .
The " expanded " model determines likely voters based only on current voting intentions .
This estimate would take into account higher turnout among groups of voters traditionally less likely to vote , such as young adults and minorities .
That model has generally produced results that closely match the registered voter figures , but with a lower undecided percentage , and show Obama up by six percentage points today , 51 % to 45 % .
The " traditional " likely voter model , which Gallup has employed for past elections , factors in prior voting behavior as well as current voting intention .
This has generally shown a closer contest , reflecting the fact that Republicans have typically been more likely to vote than Democrats in previous elections .
Today 's results show Obama with a two - point advantage over McCain using this likely voter model , 49 % to 47 % , this is within the poll 's margin of error .
-- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 13 - 15 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,786 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,143 " traditional " likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention and past voting behavior ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,312 more broadly defined likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention only ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
In holidays past , when money flowed like hot Santa tears and melted gum drops , Googlers looked forward to cash bonuses that topped $ 20,000 .
This year , they 're getting $ 180 worth of " dogfood " — a G1 . Updated 1:05 PM
Advertisement
Yep , they 're all getting G1s — even Google , who prints money as a hobby , is feeling the financiapocalypse :
This is a chance for us to once again dogfood a product and make it even better !
Second , as we discussed in our email this week , the current economic crisis requires us to be more conservative about how we spend our money .
We felt that giving the Dream phone would be a great holiday present - something we could all celebrate .
Advertisement
In corporate tech jargon , to " dogfood " a product is a reference to eating one 's own dog food — that is , making employees use the products that they 're shipping out to you .
Lenovo does it , Microsoft does it , Google does it , everyone does it .
Theoretically , it makes stuff better , since employees do n't want to be stuck using a POS , so they 'll make it better .
Still , this is n't any old G1 , oh no sir :
It 's specially designed for Googlers with a ' droid ' on the back !
Wooooo .
Okay , it actually is kind of special :
It 's totally unlocked and can be used with any GSM network provider .
Which is great , except that 3G wo n't work , unless they 've also got totally different networking gear inside because of the crazy way T - Mobile uses its spectrum .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
But hey , who needs 3G — or 20 grand — nowadays anyway .
Update :
An anonymous Googler has passed along a Q&A covering the full details of their oh - so - Dreamy holiday bonus :
Q : What is the holiday bonus for 2008 ?
The holiday bonus is a Google tradition .
In the past , we have chosen to make this a monetary gift .
This year we decided to try something different : on December 19th , we will begin distributing free Dream phones to Googlers worldwide .
Q : I already have an Android phone .
What happens to my holiday bonus ?
These phones are a personal gift .
We hope you will put them to good use !
Please do not resell them as this is against Google [ policy link removed ] .
Q : Why did we decide to give Dream phones as our holiday bonus this year ?
The launch of Android was one of this year 's highlights for the company .
When the Android phone was announced , Googler interest was extremely high - we had scores of TGIF questions , misc threads , and just general buzz about how Googlers could get a phone of their own .
After seeing the amount of interest in the Android phones from Googlers , we agreed that every Googler should have one .
Q : Will all Googlers get phones ?
It was a huge task to ensure that the phones would work around the world and we want to thank the Android team and Legal team for making this happen .
We 're proud to say that almost 85 % of Googlers globally will receive Dream phones , including Googlers in the United States , Europe , Canada , Australia , Singapore , and Japan .
Q : I 'm not getting a Dream phone because I do n't live in an eligible country .
Do I still get a holiday bonus ?
Yes , Googlers who live in countries where it was not currently feasible to distribute Dream devices will be getting a cash equivalent gift in your paycheck in December .
This includes people in India , China , Brazil , Korea , Israel , Russia , Argentina , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Mexico , Turkey , Kenya , United Arab Emirates , South Africa , Egypt , Chile , and Ukraine .
For more information , please see [ removed ] .
Q : I do live in an eligible country .
Can I opt for the cash equivalent gift instead ?
Only those Googlers in countries where it was not currently feasible to distribute Dream devices will be getting the cash equivalent gift .
All other Googlers will receive a Dream phone .
Q : Can I resell my phone ?
Googlers should not resell any item given to them by Google .
Please review our Personal Transactions policy [ removed ] .
Q : Will I be able to take my SIM from my Google managed Corporate Mobile device ( BlackBerry ) and use it in my new Dream phone ?
No , this is against policy and Google could incur significant overage charges .
Placing a Blackberry SIM into a Dream device may cause the data plans to be disabled and break data for both the Dream and the Blackberry .
Please review [ link removed ] for more info .
Q : Are there tax implications to this ?
Google is covering the taxes for this gift ; there will be an extra payroll run before the end of the year to cover the taxes .
If you have further payroll or HR - related questions about this gift please email [ address removed ] .
Advertisement
[ Valleywagawker ]
The US government on Wednesday launched steps to seize a 36 - storey New York office tower allegedly part - owned by the Iranian government in violation of sanctions against Tehran .
US authorities said the building , located on Manhattan 's prestigious Fifth Avenue , was partly controlled by an Iranian government bank through a front company based in the UK's Channel Islands .
The State Department said Iran 's interest in the building breached US financial sanctions against Tehran aimed at thwarting the regime 's alleged pursuit of nuclear weapons .
The US justice department filed a civil complaint seeking the forfeiture of a 40 per cent stake in the building owned by Assa Corporation , an alleged front company for Iran 's Bank Melli .
The US and European Union have both imposed sanctions against Bank Melli over the past year , while the United Nations has called for countries to exercise " scrutiny " over its activities .
In a statement justifying the seizure on Wednesday , the state department said the bank provided " financial services , including opening letters of credit and maintaining accounts , for Iranian front companies and entities engaged in proliferation activities " .
The move signals one of the most visible steps to date in US efforts to ratchet up pressure on Iran , particularly in the financial sector , amid an impasse in international talks over fresh measures against Tehran .
Iran has pressed ahead with its nuclear programme despite a series of United Nations resolution , while leading experts have warned it is coming closer to nuclear weapon capability .
Iran maintains its nuclear programme is purely peaceful .
President - elect Barack Obama has said he intends to develop both " carrots " and " sticks " to persuade Tehran to rein in its nuclear programme , in remarks highlighting the likelihood that his administration will continue the sanctions effort .
The state department said the building , located at 650 Fifth Avenue , was co-owned by Assa Corporation and Alavi Foundation of New York , a non-profit Iranian charitable organisation .
The tower was constructed about 30 years ago by the Pahlavi Foundation , a nonprofit group set up by the late Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi , according to the US justice department .
The Shah , a US ally , was overthrown as the Iranian leader in 1979 .
The organisation changed names to Bonyad Mostazafan after the 1979 revolution and then changed names again to the Alavi Foundation .
Putting the price of alcohol up to a minimum of 40 p a unit would keep 41,000 people a year out of hospital , save the NHS £ 116 m a year , and avoid 12,400 cases of unemployment , a report from Sheffield University claimed last week .
These appear to be remarkably precise predictions .
The government used the report - widely quoted in the press - to justify higher duties and greater regulation of the sale of alcohol .
Yet on close examination , the report appears to be a prime example of " policy - based evidence making " .
The blockbuster report , from Sheffield University 's Section of Public Health , is in two major parts : a review of evidence , and a statistical model , totalling over 500 pages .
Researchers examined the effects of alcohol pricing and alcohol promotion ( and advertising ) on three areas : consumption , public health and crime .
I wo n't cover the latter , because these proposals were dropped before the Queen 's Speech , but it is evident from the amount of time the Sheffield researchers devoted to this , that this was a legislative priority .
Academia marches in lockstep with its financial benefactor - in this case , of course , the Department of Health .
The first thing you 'll notice is that for " evidence " , there is no original fieldwork in this Department - commissioned report .
It relies on other studies , and leans particularly heavily on what are called " meta studies " - statistical confections of existing , earlier fieldwork .
In other words , it 's a " meta- meta study " .
Undeterred , the authors remind us in the preamble that : " It is imperative that such policy decisions are based on a sound evaluation of existing evidence . "
And at first sight , the list of studies included certainly looks impressive .
65 earlier reports are are examined for pricing and taxation , and 33 metastudies are examined pertaining to health consequences of alcohol .
The second thing that leaps out is that much of the evidence is actually quite old .
Estimates of price elasticity for the UK are taken from studies published in 1989 to 1990 , for example .
This was a different era , when the population demographic was different , the demographic spread of wealth was different , and the choices of entertainment available were different - and differently priced , too .
Thirdly , very little of the evidence is drawn from the UK - or even Europe .
That whittles the long list ( 65 and 33 ) down considerably .
We 'll see how important this cultural factor is in a moment , but keep in mind that cultural expectations and laws vary considerably from state to state in the USA , let alone between countries .
So what actually pertains to the UK ?
For taxation effects , the researchers admit that " none of the studies were committed [ sic ] in the UK " .
For pricing effects , only four of the older studies studied were UK - specific .
And again , these are very old studies indeed .
The bulk of the evidence on beer pricing and young people comes from a 1993 study ( Laixuthai and Chaloupka ) , followed up in 1996 .
Quite incredibly , the health findings relevant to the UK are even patchier .
In one of the key metastudies examined , only three were from the UK .
But wait .
Of the the three , " the youngest age in the studies was 35 ( Britton and Marmott , 2004 ) , and only one included both women and men " .
Er , what ?
For such apparently precise modelling , it seems little of the evidence base reflects modern Britain .
Yet the cultural issue is so great that the researchers cannot fail to acknowledge its significance .
" A major limitation of the evidence base is that most studies examining the impact of such policies have been conducted in the United States , " they admit sheepishly .
And models have been shown to be seriously defective before .
In 1999 , the case for punitive alcohol taxes received a serious blow .
Thomas Dee , then an economics professor at Georgia Institute of Technology looked at some assumptions .
Despite a raft load of nifty new features , Apple 's new Mac notebooks will have a hard time moving off store shelves during the economic crisis , industry analysts say .
" There will be a lot of people looking at a lot of stuff at the Apple Store , and they 'll probably come out with [ iPod ] nanos or shuffles , " said Roger Kay , an analyst with Endpoint Technologies .
" That 's what people are going to feel like they 're going to afford this year . "
At its special notebook event Tuesday , Apple refreshed its entire notebook line , adding faster processors , multitouch trackpads , aluminum enclosures and NVidia graphics chipsets .
In addition to adding new features , Apple is also making moderate price cuts for the MacBook and MacBook Air .
However , analysts say Apple 's price cuts are not enough for the company to remain competitive in the face of a broad financial collapse .
" Out of all the [ companies ] who will be under pressure , it will be Apple because the price points are still significantly higher , " ThinkPanmure analyst Vijay Rakesh said in a phone interview .
The entry - point MacBook dropped from $ 1,100 to $ 999 ; the high - end MacBook Air equipped with a solid state drive dropped from $ 2,600 to $ 2,500 , but its standard configuration offering remained at the same $ 1,800 price point .
The
MacBook Pro prices remained static — with a $ 2,000 starting point .
Early in the event ,
Apple boasted grabbing 39 percent of the notebook market in education , surpassing Dell , one of its major competitors .
Despite the significance of this figure , it 's unlikely
Apple 's notebook refresh will enable Apple to retain its grip on this market segment , Rakesh said .
" If you look at the educational side , the question is , do public school budgets suffice for next year ? " he said .
Just days before Apple 's notebook event , Rakesh and other analysts — including
Piper Jaffray 's Gene Munster and RBC Capitalist 's Michael Abramsky — said they were anticipating a sub - $ 1,000 notebook from Apple in order for the corporation to hit its gross margin guidance for the fourth quarter .
Rakesh said Apple 's $ 999 MacBook was a disappointing entry into the sub - $ 1,000 category :
Most analysts were hoping for Apple to announce an $ 800 or $ 900 notebook .
Rakesh added that Apple still has yet to set foot in the netbook market — cheap , low - powered devices designed for internet use that are soaring in popularity .
However , in a Q&A session , Steve Jobs said the netbook category is too immature for Apple to enter .
" That 's a nascent market that 's just getting started , and we 'll see how it goes , " Jobs said .
Meanwhile in trading , while Apple had gained a record - breaking 13 percent in share prices Monday and Tuesday , the stock deflated 5 percent by the end of the notebook event .
However , stock drops have historically been the case during Apple keynotes , and some are viewing selling stock during product announcements as a trading strategy for investors .
__See also : __
Photo : Apple
The dog handshake is initially rewarded with food Scientists in Austria say they have found a basic form of jealousy in dogs .
The Vienna - based researchers showed that dogs will stop doing a simple task when not rewarded if another dog , which continues to be rewarded , is present .
Writing in the journal PNAS , the scientists say this shows a sensitivity in dogs that was only previously found in primates .
The researchers now plan to extend their experiments to look at co-operative behaviour in wolves .
The experiment consisted of taking pairs of dogs and getting them to present a paw for a reward .
On giving this " handshake " the dogs received a piece of food .
One of the dogs was then asked to shake hands , but received no food .
The other dog continued to get the food when it was asked to perform the task .
Reward value
The dog without the reward quickly stopped doing the task , and showed signs of annoyance or stress when its partner was rewarded .
To make sure that the experiment was really showing the interaction between the dogs rather than just the frustration of not being rewarded , a similar experiment was conducted where the dogs performed the task without the partner .
Here they continued to present the paw for much longer .
The dog sees its partner rewarded Dr Frederike Range from the department of neurobiology and cognition research at the University of Vienna , says this shows that it was the presence of the rewarded partner which was the greater influence on their behaviour .
" The only difference is one gets food and the other does n't , they are responding to being unequally rewarded . " she said .
The researchers say this kind of behaviour , where one animal gets frustrated with what is happening with another , has only been observed in primates before .
Studies with various types of monkeys and chimpanzees show they react not only to seeing their partners receiving rewards when they are not , but also to the type of reward .
The dog study also looked at whether the type of reward made a difference .
Dogs were given either bread or sausage , but seemed to react equally to either .
Dr Range says this may be because they have been trained .
" It 's through the fact they have to work for the reward , this confers it with a higher value , " she said .
Evolution
The researchers say this behaviour , reacting to others receiving rewards , may represent an earlier stage in the evolution of co-operative behaviours seen in human and primates .
" I think it 's a precursor , simpler than in humans , it 's a selfish behaviour , they do n't react to seeing others treated unfairly .
With humans they react , say it 's unfair , we can't see anything like that in the dogs , " said Dr Range .
The dog soon refuses to raise a paw
The researchers say the type of behaviour exhibited in the experiment is probably due to the dog's close association with humans .
Dr Range says other animals need to be studied to really show how animals naturally exhibit jealousies or cooperate .
" I 'm sure that it 's not something that evolved with the dogs , we will have to test it in wolves and other cooperating species , " she said .
Dr Range is currently rearing wolf cubs in order to perform similar experiments .
She says the wolves will be able to do the paw test , but that it is really the wrong experiment .
She regards this as something unnatural , that dogs are taught by their owners .
" They can give the paw , but it 's not the right test .
We must take the human out of the equation , then we can compare directly wolves with dogs . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These “ True Stuff from Old Books ” entries are from Punchinello magazine , 1870 .
Punchinello was a short - lived New York City spinoff of the popular British satirical weekly Punch , and like its cousin across the pond , it championed the causes of a new and growing demographic — an urban literate middle - class — while skewering the pompous in politics and society .
An example ( click any of the images in this post for bigger versions ) :
The title reads , “ A DISTINCTION WITH A DIFFERENCE . ”
The dismembered veterans are labeled “ HEROES OF THE WAR ” ; the glove - toting businessman , “ HE ROSE BY THE WAR . ”
Behind the businessman is a partially - readable sign reading “ Shoddy Whole [ sale ] Cheap Cloth[ing ] . ”
As long as there has been war , apparently , there have been businesses it has made prosperous .
This second cartoon is pretty self - explanatory : Uncle Sam ’s being crushed by the weights of year after year of income tax in a scene reminiscent of the Spanish Inquisition ; the Inquisitors are President Grant and members of his Cabinet .
The caption reads :
THE FINANCIAL INQUISITION .
Grand Inquisitor , U. S. Grant .
Associate Inquisitors , G. S. Boutwell , F. E. Spinner , John Sherman .
Executioner , C. Delano .
ASSOCIATE SHERMAN .
“ Well , well , Uncle Sam does stand a good deal of pressure .
Executioner , keep piling the weights on . ”
( Secretary of the Interior Columbus Delano , on the right , has in his pocket a paper reading ‘ Delano Int. Rev. ’ )
Probably the least subtle editorial cartoon ever drawn .
Next , two figures have tea :
FINANCIAL RELIEF .
MR. BUMBLE BOUTWELL TO MRS .
CORNEY FISH .
( See Oliver Twist . )
“ The great principle of financial relief is to give the business men exactly what they do n’t want : then they get tired of coming . ”
Behind the figures are : A drawing labeled “ Plan of Alms House for Ruined Merchants ” ; a birdcage labeled “ Golden Eagle , Moulting ” ; a run-down model ship labeled “ U.S. Commerce ” ; and a weeping statue labeled “ Mercantile Stagnation . ”
One might get the impression that this was a lean time for American business .
Upon first read , I interpreted this comic in the light of our current financial situation .
“ Hmm , things really are cyclical , ” I thought .
“ Businesses in danger of failing come to the government for bailout . ”
It seemed like the cartoonist was scoffing at the businessmen with their outstretched hands , and advocating a method to get them to go away : just do n’t give them what they beg for .
“ Hah ! ” thought I . “ The analog to today is : No bailout !
Reap what you sow , automakers et al !
How relevant a comic this is — I should love to post it on my blogue . ”
However , on second read and further examination of the context , I do n’t think that ’s what the cartoonist was saying at all .
Punchinello had a lot to say in 1870 about what its editorial board saw as oppressive taxation — another cartoon , not reprinted here , depicted a host of tariffs , excise fees , dock taxes etc. as barnacles preventing merchant ships from leaving port and earning money .
In the above cartoon , the figure on the right is George S. Boutwell , Secretary of the Treasury , seen earlier in the Inquisition ; on the left is Hamilton Fish , Grant ’s Secretary of State .
They ’re here portrayed as two of the villains from Oliver Twist , Mr Bumble and Mrs Corney , ready to ride honest American merchants like orphans in a workhouse .
A far sight less subtle than my initial interpretation , perhaps .
The most interesting thing to me , however , is to compare the cartoons ’ doom - and - gloom to the actual historical record .
President Grant and his Cabinet presided over a country rebuilding from the Civil War ; they would face a severe economic crisis down the road in 1873 , which would lead to a six - year depression , but by 1870 Grant was lowering taxes , Boutwell was streamlining the federal government , and despite a scandal implicating Grant in a scheme by speculators to corner the gold market in 1869 ( which would , in fact , be the cause of the 1873 crisis ) , American credit abroad was better than ever and the national debt was being paid off at a rapid rate .
Some people just love to be contrarian .
Finally , this :
SOCIAL SCIENCE .
Lecturer .
“ There is a cumulative approximativeness , so to speak , a period when the recalcitrant corpuscles begin to ” —
Stenographer .
“ Con -found the fellow !
I knew he ’d break my pencil with his infernal jaw - smashers ! ”
Oh man I love this one so much .
“ Jaw - smashers ” !
I ’m gonna bring that back .
This entry was posted on Tuesday , December 2nd , 2008 at 12:57 am and is filed under Blog .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Councils to be banned from using anti-terror powers to snoop on people who overfill bins or drop litter
Action : Home Office minister Vernon Coaker said councils would be stopped from using anti-terror legislation for snooping
The Government is planning action to stop local councils using surveillance powers designed for terrorism and serious crime to deal with trivial offences like dog- fouling , a Home Office minister said today .
Vernon Coaker admitted that council snooping on people who overfill bins or drop litter was undermining public support for the anti-terror law , and promised action ' in the near future ' .
Mr Coaker also defended the scale of the national DNA database , which contains samples from 7.39 per cent of the UK population - more than in any other country in the world - and includes those detained by police but released without charge .
He told the House of Lords Constitution Committee that in the four years after a change in the law in 2001 which allowed police to retain DNA from people who have not been convicted or charged , some 6,290 of these individuals were linked to serious crimes including murder , rape and other sexual offences .
However , he was unable to say how many of these links led to prosecutions .
The Committee , which is carrying out an inquiry into surveillance and data collection , heard a number of peers express concern about intrusion into daily life by the authorities , following a string of cases in which councils have used powers under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) to tackle relatively trivial misdemeanours .
The former head of the Local Government Association , Sir Simon Milton , wrote to councils in July to urge them to be more sparing in their use of the Act , which permits them to seek permission to carry out covert surveillance and intercept of personal communications .
At today 's constitution committee hearing , Labour peer Lord Peston asked Mr Coaker : ' If these powers are being used for local authorities to search my dustbins , is n't the danger that you lose public support ... in the area for which you most need public support , namely the anti-terrorism and anti-crime thing ? '
Mr Coaker said he agreed ' absolutely ' with peers ' concerns and was in discussions on the issue with Department for Communities and Local Government ( DCLG ) minister John Healey .
' We do n't want to see legislation available for local authorities to use with respect to serious crime being used ... for example , in respect of dog- fouling , ' Mr Coaker told the committee .
' That 's something we need to address . '
He added : ' We have to stop some of these things happening that do undermine support ...
We are now in a position where , with DCLG , we have to look at the codes of guidance and are having discussions to take this forward so we avoid some of the issues that have arisen in the past . '
Mr Coaker stressed that local authorities have used RIPA powers to tackle serious crime , such as a case in which three roofers were jailed in North Yorkshire for tricking elderly people out of their life savings by persuading them to have unnecessary work done on their homes .
And he added : ' I do think people generally do support the use , even at a local authority level , of techniques to get communications data , providing that we do n't have the sorts of problems we have seen . '
Lord Bledisloe challenged Mr Coaker over the size of the DNA database , which contains more than 10 times as many people , as a proportion of the population , as a similar scheme in the USA .
' What on earth is the justification for us having so many more of our population on the database than anybody else in the world ? ' he asked .
Mr Coaker said that an additional 200,000 names were recorded on the DNA database as a result of the 2001 change in the law .
Some 8,500 of these profiles , relating to 6,290 individuals , were later linked to 14,000 offences , including 114 murders , 55 attempted murders , 116 rapes , 68 other sexual offences , 119 aggravated burglaries and 127 cases of supplying drugs .
' It does demonstrate that there is a significant read - across from the retaining of that DNA to the significant possibility that large numbers of people have been responsible for serious crime , ' he said .
Mr Coaker added : '( The database ) has enabled us to solve a significant number of serious crimes .
' If you look at the numbers of murders , the number of rapes , serious robberies and other violent crimes that have been solved as a result of us having that database , we think that in the end is a proportionate response to tackling crime and a justification for it . '
Research Box Title
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has discovered carbon dioxide in the atmosphere of a planet orbiting another star .
This is an important step along the trail of finding the chemical biotracers of extraterrestrial life as we know it .
The Jupiter - sized planet , called HD 189733 b , is too hot for life .
But the Hubble observations are a proof - of - concept demonstration that the basic chemistry for life can be measured on planets orbiting other stars .
Organic compounds can also be a by - product of life processes , and their detection on an Earth - like planet may someday provide the first evidence of life beyond Earth .
Previous observations of HD 189733 b by Hubble and the Spitzer Space Telescope found water vapor .
Earlier this year , Hubble astronomers reported that they found methane in the planet 's atmosphere .
" This is exciting because Hubble is allowing us to see molecules that probe the conditions , chemistry , and composition of atmospheres on other planets , " says Mark Swain of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" Thanks to Hubble we 're entering an era where we are rapidly going to expand the number of molecules we know about on other planets . "
Swain used Hubble 's Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) to study infrared light emitted from the planet , which lies 63 light - years away .
Gases in the planet 's atmosphere absorb certain wavelengths of light from the planet 's hot glowing interior .
Swain identified not only carbon dioxide , but also carbon monoxide .
The molecules leave their own unique spectral fingerprint on the radiation from the planet that reaches Earth .
This is the first time a near - infrared emission spectrum has been obtained for an exoplanet .
" The carbon dioxide is kind of the main focus of the excitement , because that is a molecule that under the right circumstances could have a connection to biological activity as it does on Earth , " Swain says .
" The very fact that we 're able to detect it , and estimate its abundance , is significant for the long - term effort of characterizing planets both to find out what they 're made of and to find out if they could be a possible host for life . "
This type of observation is best done for planets with orbits tilted edge - on to Earth .
They routinely pass in front of and then behind their parent stars , phenomena known as eclipses .
The planet HD 189733 b passes behind its companion star once every 2.2 days .
This allows an opportunity to subtract the light of the star alone ( when the planet is blocked ) from that of the star and planet together prior to eclipse , thus isolating the emission of the planet alone and making possible a chemical analysis of its " day - side " atmosphere .
In this way , Swain explains that he 's using the eclipse of the planet behind the star to probe the planet 's day side , which contains the hottest portions of its atmosphere .
" We 're starting to find the molecules and to figure out how many of them there are to see the changes between the day side and the night side , " Swain says .
This successful demonstration of looking at near - infrared light emitted from a planet is very encouraging for astronomers planning to use NASA 's James Webb Space Telescope when it is launched in 2013 .
These biomarkers are best seen at near - infrared wavelengths .
Astronomers look forward to using Webb to spectroscopically look for biomarkers on a terrestrial planet the size of Earth , or a " super - Earth " several times our planet 's mass .
" The Webb telescope should be able to make much more sensitive measurements of these primary and secondary eclipse events , " Swain says .
Swain next plans to search for molecules in the atmospheres of other exoplanets , as well as trying to increase the number of molecules detected in exoplanet atmospheres .
He also plans to use molecules to study changes that may be present in exoplanet atmospheres to learn something about the weather on these distant worlds .
Officers will make proactive visits to people deemed at risk Scotland 's police forces have launched a crackdown on domestic violence over the festive period .
Rapid response units and tougher enforcement of bail conditions will be among the measures used .
Officers will also make visits to households where suspected offenders are banned over Christmas when there can often be an increase in incidents .
The six - week campaign comes after figures revealed a rise in the number of domestic abuse cases in Scotland .
There were 49,655 domestic abuse incidents recorded in Scotland in 2007 - 08 , which is up 2 % on the previous year .
One in five women in Scotland will be affected by domestic abuse at some point in their life , according to the charity , Scottish Women 's Aid .
Domestic abuse is Scotland 's national shame , a shame which arguably lies at the core of a culture within which violence is often , unfortunately , seen by many as a behavioural norm
Ch Insp Cameron Cavin
Violence Reduction Unit
The national Violence Reduction Unit will run the campaign from 8 December to 18 January .
Anti-Violence co-ordinator , Ch Insp Cameron Cavin , said : " Domestic abuse is Scotland 's national shame , a shame which arguably lies at the core of a culture within which violence is often , unfortunately , seen by many as a behavioural norm .
" The damage domestic abuse causes to a victim , be it physical or emotional , can be irreparable .
" The need to dominate or control a partner is rarely a one - off event and we know victims will often suffer repeat attacks before seeking help .
" This kind of abuse can also impact on other family members , in particular children , and render them within their crucial early years development , vulnerable to accepting such behaviour as normal and carrying these values into later life . "
Communities Minister Stewart Maxwell said the Scottish Government was investing £ 44 m to address the issue of violence against women .
He said : " I welcome this crackdown by police , particularly over Christmas , a time when many families are affected by this despicable crime . "
The domestic abuse scheme is part of the Scottish Police Service 's anti-violence campaign .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rice University researchers have found a potential clue to the roots of epilepsy , autism , schizophrenia and other neurological disorders .
While studying the peripheral nerves of the Drosophila , aka the fruit fly , Rice doctoral student Eric Howlett discovered an unanticipated connection between glutamate - an amino acid and neurotransmitter in much of the food we eat - and phosphoinositide 3 - kinase ( PI3K ) , an enzyme that , Howlett found , regulates the activity of neurons .
Howlett and his colleagues , graduate student Curtis Chun - Jen Lin , research technician William Lavery and Michael Stern , a professor of biochemistry and cell biology , discovered that negative feedback mediated by PI3K regulates the excitability of neurons , an issue in a number of ailments that include neurofibromatosis , and that a mutation in a glutamate receptor gene common to both the fruit fly and humans has the ability to disrupt that regulatory mechanism .
Howlett found the Drosophila 's metabotropic glutamate receptor ( DmGluRA ) gene , when mutated , increased the excitability of the neuron by preventing PI3K from doing its job .
Published online by the Public Library of Science Genetics , the study is the culmination of four years of work that built upon research by Marie - Laure Parmentier and her team at the University of Montpelier , France , to connect glutamate to regulatory functions in the fruit fly .
" As science often goes , we did n't set out with this hypothesis , " said Howlett , who began the project on funding obtained by Stern from the Department of Defense to study neurofibromatosis .
" This all came about as a control for a completely different experiment , and we said , ' Wow , this is some interesting stuff . ' "
What he saw was that the overexpression of PI3K in motor neurons had a dramatic effect .
" I noticed under the scope that these nerves were really big , and electrophysiologically , they were really slow .
That was n't what I expected , and it set me on a path of trying to find out what was going on . "
Howlett 's breakthrough was identifying the negative feedback loop that acts to maintain neuronal excitability at normal levels .
" What we found was that glutamate , which is released due to neuronal activity , feeds back onto metabotropic glutamate receptors on the same neurons that released it in the first place .
This leads to the activation of PI3K and ultimately to the dampening of the amount of glutamate that is released . "
Without that regulation , he said , things inside the cell can go terribly wrong .
" He put his heart and soul into this , " said Stern of Howlett 's exploration of the neuronal chain .
" He was working on PI3K because that has a key role in neurofibromatosis .
The Department of Defense is very interested in how PI3K is regulated in the nervous system because of its role in tumor formation . "
Discovering the negative feedback loop that keeps neurons stable was key , said Stern , but not the end of the investigation .
" We know that glutamate activates mGluR and PI3 K , but we do n't know how , " he said .
" There are almost certainly a number of intermediates that remain to be identified , and we have several candidates we 're looking into .
" We 're finding a mechanistic link among these molecules that had n't been previously appreciated , " Stern said .
" Obviously the next step would be to test whether these same molecules are playing similar roles in mammalian neurons , " said Howlett , who will leave Rice in the spring to pursue postdoctoral cancer research at Virginia Commonwealth University .
A native Houstonian , he earned his bachelor 's in biology at the University of Houston - Clear Lake .
Howlett said mGluRs had already been targeted in possible treatments for schizophrenia , epilepsy and other " excitability " diseases , so it 's not a stretch to think his research could lead to even more strategies in treating neurological ailments .
" Actually , all of the molecules involved in our model have been implicated in one way or another with neurological diseases , but no one has been able to link them together into a coherent explanation of the diseases , " he said .
" Our model provides a novel framework that could really go a long way toward doing that . "
###
The paper can be found at : www.plosgenetics.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pgen.1000277
An Ohio woman who shot and killed an FBI agent during a pre-dawn no - knock drug raid at her family home in Indiana Township , Pennsylvania , on November 19 now faces federal homicide and weapons charges .
When police serving an arrest warrant for her husband broke into Christine Korbe 's home at 6:00 am , she fired one shot from a .38 caliber pistol from the top of a second - floor stair case , striking and killing Special Agent Sam Hicks .
She was arrested moments later as she called 911 to report a home invasion .
Will they never learn ?
The resort to home invasion - style drug raids by law enforcement has resulted in dozens of deaths of suspects or others present in recent years .
Police officers involved in killings in those drug raids typically walk free .
But when homeowners targeted -- rightly or wrongly -- in no - knock drug raids kill police claiming they thought they were criminal intruders , they do n't typically walk free .
In one notorious case , that of Corey Maye , a Louisiana man whose home was mistakenly hit in a drug raid is now serving a life sentence for murder for shooting and killing an intruding officer .
In another , as yet unresolved case , Virginia resident Ryan Frederick faces murder charges in the death of an intruding officer in a raid that now appears to have been without any legitimate basis .
Robert Korbe was to be arrested as part of a round - up of drug suspects in the Pittsburgh area .
He was one of 35 people charged in a 27 - count indictment charging them with conspiring to traffic in powder and crack cocaine from October 2007 through September 2008 .
He was arrested in the basement of the family home , which he shared with his wife and two young daughters , as he allegedly sought to destroy evidence .
Christina Korbe made her first federal court appearance Monday before Magistrate Judge Robert Mitchell , where she was arraigned on second - degree murder and several firearms charges .
A bail hearing is set for next Monday .
" She 's totally distraught , " defense attorney John Elash told the Associated Press .
" All she cares about and all she mentions is she wants to be home with her children .
Ca n't imagine that she wo n't be home for Christmas . "
Elash said that while his client is " extremely remorseful , " she will argue that she acted in what she thought was self - defense .
" I do n't believe my client 's guilty of any crime .
I think the evidence will show that , " Elash said .
" It 's obviously a self - defense or a defense of others , and the others that she 's defending are a 5 - and 10 - year old that were with her when she was on 911 , making the call to the police that somebody had broken into her house . "
Law enforcement affidavits filed with the court claim that FBI agents shouted " police " and warned they were serving a warrant before breaking down the door to the Korbe 's home as the family slept .
According to those affidavits , Robert Korbe said he heard the agents and knew a raid was happening .
" Was this , something , everybody 's yelling at one time , so that nobody could understand what 's being said ? "
Elash said .
" Could it have been heard by somebody that was asleep or just woken in an upstairs bedroom in a large home ?
If , in fact , she did hear it was a police officer or an FBI agent , why would she fire one shot at one of them and not continue to fire ? " he asked .
" She thought she was being attacked , thought that she had to defend her children , " Elash said .
" That is what was going through her mind .
Only pulled that trigger for one reason , because she thought she was going to get killed or that her children were going to get killed or seriously injured . "
Elash is n't alone in sticking up for his client .
Neighborhood residents have begun circulating a petition asserting her innocence and holding a collection for the family 's children .
" I honestly believe that she could n't possibly have known that it was a cop , " friend Angie McCarrison said .
" I think she heard glass break , and she thought , ' Oh my God , my kids , ' and that was the end of that . "
However Christina Korbe 's case ends up , FBI Agent Hicks is dead , a victim as much of overly aggressive law enforcement practices as the bullet that ended his life .
A team of Oxford University and Ethiopian conservationists are battling to save the world ’s rarest wolf from a rabies outbreak by creating a ‘ barrier ’ of vaccinated wolf packs .
The Ethiopian wolf is on the brink of extinction with less than 500 animals surviving on a handful of Ethiopian mountains .
In their stronghold in the Bale Mountains National Park wolves live in close contact with the Oromo people .
Whilst this coexistence is encouraging , it places the wolves at great risk of catching the rabies virus from the dogs the Oromo use to herd livestock .
‘ Despite the efforts of our veterinary team , who vaccinate thousands of dogs in Bale 's villages every year , the virus has raised its ugly head again and jumped into the wolf population , ’ said Dr Claudio Sillero of Oxford University ’s Wildlife Conservation Unit ( the WildCRU ) .
‘ Fourteen wolves have died to date , and laboratory tests have confirmed our worst fears that we are facing another potentially devastating outbreak .
If left unchecked , rabies is likely to kill over two - thirds of all wolves in Bale 's Web Valley , and spread further , with wolves dying horrible deaths and numbers dwindling to perilously low levels . ’
A team led by Dr Sillero from Oxford ’s the WildCRU and Dr Fekadu Shiferaw from the Ethiopian Wolf Conservation Authority , devised a plan to vaccinate wolf packs to create a ‘ barrier ’ to prevent the virus from spreading .
The researchers knew from previous outbreaks that they had to move quickly to stop the virus in its tracks so they began by vaccinating the first wolf on 20 October .
‘ Tracking and vaccinating these animals is a far from easy task , ’ said Dr Sillero .
‘ Our veterinary team are travelling on horse - back and camping out in remote mountains above 12,000 feet with temperatures falling as low as - 15 °C .
But the first two weeks of the intervention have gone well with the team vaccinating to date 46 wolves in ten vital packs that connect the Web Valley population with other wolves in Bale .
The hope is that by securing a ‘ cordon sanitaire ’ of safely vaccinated wolf packs , the team may prevent the virus reaching other packs living further afield in the mountains around Bale . ’
Oxford University researchers have developed a detailed knowledge of the wolves from almost 20 years of continuous study , and a sophisticated computer model of how rabies spreads , which guides their vaccination efforts .
Professor David Macdonald , Director of Oxford 's WildCRU , commented ‘ It is only because of years of intensive research that we have the information , and strategies , in place to mount this ambitious vaccination plan .
It ’s a powerful example of the importance of the science and practice of wildlife conservation combined in the effort to deliver practical solutions . ’
The intervention has been endorsed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) Canid Specialist Group and the IUCN Wildlife Health Specialist Group , and has been sanctioned by the Ethiopian Wildlife Conservation Authority ( EWCA ) and Oromia Bureau of Agriculture and Rural Development .
Geoff Kors , Executive Director of Equality California , has decided not to an invitation to attend Obama 's inauguration .
Why ?
Because of the Obama administration 's decision to have evangelical pastor Rick Warren deliver the invocation .
Warren , you see , worked to get prop 8 passed , which allowed discrimination into the California state constitution .
An odd choice , indeed .
Kors defends his decision not to attend , saying , " I have decided to decline the invitation to attend the inauguration as I cannot be part of a celebration that highlights and gives voice to someone who advocated repealing rights from me and millions of other Californians . "
What a mistake .
We keep talking about how gays need to build coalitions and introduce ourselves to people and make ourselves known ; after all , Harvey Milk 's whole deal was coming out and being visible .
But now this guy is turning down an opportunity to introduce himself to the VERY PEOPLE WHOSE HEARTS WE NEED TO TURN ?
Jesus .
Geoff 's reservations are understandable ; if we were in his place , we would think , " How could we , in good conscience , be a part of something that involves a person of whom we disapprove so strongly ? "
But then we would re-think with a bit more clarity , " How could we NOT ? "
This is a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to engage , and we are disappointed that EQCA is passing it up .
Rick Warren has been spoiling for a fight ever since he started attacking our families .
But he 's bluffing -- this is a fight that everyone knows we ( i.e. , those of us for equal rights ) will win .
So what 's EQCA afraid of ?
Politics is a big bad messy place , and if they 're too scared to skin their knuckles once in a while , they oughta pack it in now .
If we may quote from an episode of Star Trek ?
Ahem :
If you can't take a little bloody nose -- maybe you had better go back home and crawl under your bed .
It 's not safe out here .
It 's wondrous -- with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross -- but it is not for the timid .
If Geoff Kors is so opposed to Obama 's selection and to what Rick Warren represents , then he should have the nerve to walk up to them both and tell them , not hide in California .
Geoff , we hope you reconsider .
Please .
Bush makes historic speech aboard warship
President Bush on the flight deck of the USS Abraham Lincoln
ABOARD THE USS ABRAHAM LINCOLN ( CNN ) --
The following is an unedited transcript of President Bush 's historic speech from the flight deck of the USS Lincoln , during which he declared an end to major combat in Iraq :
Thank you .
Thank you all very much .
Admiral Kelly , Captain Card , officers and sailors of the USS Abraham Lincoln , my fellow Americans , major combat operations in Iraq have ended .
In the battle of Iraq , the United States and our allies have prevailed .
And now our coalition is engaged in securing and reconstructing that country .
In this battle , we have fought for the cause of liberty and for the peace of the world .
Our nation and our coalition are proud of this accomplishment , yet it is you , the members of the United States military , who achieved it .
Your courage , your willingness to face danger for your country and for each other made this day possible .
Because of you our nation is more secure .
Because of you the tyrant has fallen and Iraq is free .
Operation Iraqi Freedom was carried out with a combination of precision and speed and boldness the enemy did not expect and the world had not seen before .
From distant bases or ships at sea , we sent planes and missiles that could destroy an enemy division or strike a single bunker .
Marines and soldiers charged to Baghdad across 350 miles of hostile ground in one of the swiftest advances of heavy arms in history .
You have shown the world the skill and the might of the American armed forces .
This nation thanks all of the members of our coalition who joined in a noble cause .
We thank the armed forces of the United Kingdom , Australia and Poland who shared in the hardships of war .
We thank all of the citizens of Iraq who welcomed our troops and joined in the liberation of their own country .
And tonight , I have a special word for Secretary Rumsfeld , for General Franks and for all the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States : America is grateful for a job well done .
The character of our military through history , the daring of Normandy , the fierce courage of Iwo Jima , the decency and idealism that turned enemies into allies is fully present in this generation .
When Iraqi civilians looked into the faces of our service men and women , they saw strength and kindness and good will .
When I look at the members of the United States military , I see the best of our country and I am honored to be your commander in chief .
In the images of fallen statues we have witnessed the arrival of a new era .
For a hundred of years of war , culminating in the nuclear age , military technology was designed and deployed to inflict casualties on an ever - growing scale .
In defeating Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan , Allied forces destroyed entire cities , while enemy leaders who started the conflict were safe until the final days .
Military power was used to end a regime by breaking a nation .
Today we have the greater power to free a nation by breaking a dangerous and aggressive regime .
With new tactics and precision weapons , we can achieve military objectives without directing violence against civilians .
No device of man can remove the tragedy from war , yet it is a great advance when the guilty have far more to fear from war than the innocent .
In the images of celebrating Iraqis we have also seen the ageless appeal of human freedom .
Decades of lies and intimidation could not make the Iraqi people love their oppressors or desire their own enslavement .
Men and women in every culture need liberty like they need food and water and air .
Everywhere that freedom arrives , humanity rejoices and everywhere that freedom stirs , let tyrants fear .
We have difficult work to do in Iraq .
We 're bringing order to parts of that country that remain dangerous .
We 're pursuing and finding leaders of the old regime who will be held to account for their crimes .
We 've begun the search for hidden chemical and biological weapons , and already know of hundreds of sites that will be investigated .
We are helping to rebuild Iraq where the dictator built palaces for himself instead of hospitals and schools .
And we will stand with the new leaders of Iraq as they establish a government of , by and for the Iraqi people .
The transition from dictatorship to democracy will take time , but it is worth every effort .
Our coalition will stay until our work is done and then we will leave and we will leave behind a free Iraq .
The battle of Iraq is one victory in a war on terror that began on September the 11th , 2001 and still goes on .
That terrible morning , 19 evil men , the shock troops of a hateful ideology , gave America and the civilized world a glimpse of their ambitions .
They imagined , in the words of one terrorist , that September the 11th would be the beginning of the end of America .
By seeking to turn our cities into killing fields , terrorists and their allies believed that they could destroy this nation 's resolve and force our retreat from the world .
They have failed .
In the battle of Afghanistan , we destroyed the Taliban , many terrorists and the camps where they trained .
We continue to help the Afghan people lay roads , restore hospitals and educate all of their children .
Yet we also have dangerous work to complete .
As I speak , a special operations task force lead by the 82nd Airborne is on the trail of the terrorists and those who seek to undermine the free government of Afghanistan .
America and our coalition will finish what we have begun .
From Pakistan to the Philippines to the Horn of Africa , we are hunting down Al Qaida killers .
Nineteen months ago I pledged that the terrorists would not escape the patient justice of the United States .
And as of tonight nearly one half of Al Qaida 's senior operatives have been captured or killed .
The liberation of Iraq is a crucial advance in the campaign against terror .
We have removed an ally of Al Qaida and cut off a source of terrorist funding .
And this much is certain :
No terrorist network will gain weapons of mass destruction from the Iraqi regime , because the regime is no more .
In these 19 months that changed the world , our actions have been focused and deliberate and proportionate to the offense .
We have not forgotten the victims of September the 11th , the last phone calls , the cold murder of children , the searches in the rubble .
With those attacks , the terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States , and war is what they got .
Our war against terror is proceeding according to the principles that I have made clear to all .
Any person involved in committing or planning terrorist attacks against the American people becomes an enemy of this country and a target of American justice .
Any person , organization or government that supports , protects or harbors terrorists is complicit in the murder of the innocent and equally guilty of terrorist crimes .
Any outlaw regime that has ties to terrorist groups and seeks or possesses weapons of mass destruction is a grave danger to the civilized world and will be confronted .
And anyone in the world , including the Arab world , who works and sacrifices for freedom has a loyal friend in the United States of America .
Our commitment to liberty is America 's tradition , declared at our founding , affirmed in Franklin Roosevelt 's Four Freedoms , asserted in the Truman Doctrine and in Ronald Reagan 's challenge to an evil empire .
We are committed to freedom in Afghanistan , Iraq and in a peaceful Palestine .
The advance of freedom is the surest strategy to undermine the appeal of terror in the world .
Where freedom takes hold , hatred gives way to hope .
When freedom takes hold , men and women turn to the peaceful pursuit of a better life .
American values and American interests lead in the same direction .
We stand for human liberty .
The United States upholds these principles of security and freedom in many ways : with all of the tools of diplomacy , law enforcement , intelligence and finance .
We are working with a broad coalition of nations that understand the threat and our shared responsibility to meet it .
The use of force has been and remains our last resort .
Yet all can know , friend and foe alike , that our nation has a mission :
We will answer threats to our security , and we will defend the peace .
Our mission continues .
Al Qaida is wounded , not destroyed .
The scattered cells of the terrorist network still operate in many nations and we know from daily intelligence that they continue to plot against free people .
The proliferation of deadly weapons remains a serious danger .
The enemies of freedom are not idle , and neither are we .
Our government has taken unprecedented measures to defend the homeland and we will continue to hunt down the enemy before he can strike .
The war on terror is not over , yet it is not endless .
We do not know the day of final victory , but we have seen the turning of the tide .
No act of the terrorists will change our purpose , or weaken our resolve , or alter their fate .
Their cause is lost ; free nations will press on to victory .
Other nations in history have fought in foreign lands and remained to occupy and exploit .
Americans , following a battle , want nothing more than to return home .
And that is your direction tonight .
After service in the Afghan and Iraqi theaters of war , after 100,000 miles on the longest carrier deployment in recent history , you are homeward bound .
Some of you will see new family members for the first time ; 150 babies were born while their fathers were on the Lincoln .
Your families are proud of you , and your nation will welcome you .
We are mindful as well that some good men and women are not making the journey home .
One of those who fell , Corporal Jason Mileo , spoke to his parents five days before his death .
Jason 's father said , " He called us from the center of Baghdad , not to brag but to tell us he loved us .
Our son was a soldier . "
Every name , every life is a loss to our military , to our nation and to the loved ones who grieve .
There is no homecoming for these families .
Yet we pray in God 's time their reunion will come .
Those we lost were last seen on duty .
Their final act on this Earth was to fight a great evil and bring liberty to others .
All of you , all in this generation of our military , have taken up the highest calling of history :
You were defending your country and protecting the innocent from harm .
And wherever you go , you carry a message of hope , a message that is ancient and ever new .
In the words of the prophet Isaiah , " To the captives , come out ; and to those in darkness , be free . "
Thank you for serving our country and our cause .
May God bless you all .
And may God continue to bless America .
Back home : The World War Two aircraft carrier returning to dock after a £ 68 million refurbishment
Hooked up to four powerful tugboats , the World War II aircraft carrier Intrepid began what could be its final cruise on Thursday - a return to the Manhattan pier where it has served for 24 years as a military and space museum .
Lines were cast off at a Staten Island naval pier , freeing the ship for the five - mile trek up New York Harbor and the Hudson River .
The Intrepid Sea Air & Space Museum occupied the Manhattan space until late 2006 , when it was moved for extensive repairs and improvements costing nearly $ 120 million ( £ 68 million ) .
Tugged into place , the Intrepid heads up the Hudson river following the $ 120 m ( about £ 68 m ) repair operation
' She looks good , brand new - but I admit to a little bias , ' said retired Adm. James ' Doc ' Abbot Jr. , 82 , who commanded the carrier in the early 1960s and was back on board as honorary skipper for the occasion .
Some 400 guests and former crew members also rode along , mingling on the flight deck .
Jeff McAllister , commanding a tugboat fleet generating about 18,000 horsepower , said the stiff westerly wind was favorable for the task , as it helped the estimated 38,900 - ton carrier to be guided into its newly rebuilt pier in the Hudson River .
The Intrepid was to arrive home on Thursday afternoon , following brief stops to salute the Statue of Liberty and unfurl a large American flag near ground zero , honoring victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks .
The aircraft carrier , complete with planes on the deck , passes the Statue of Liberty
Patriotic :
The carrier unfurls a Stars and Stripes flag as it passes Ground Zero
McAllister said he did not anticipate the type of problems that plagued the ship when it was first moved from the Manhattan pier and its propellers got stuck in the mud .
The Army Corps of Engineers has since dredged the pierside channel to 35 feet , giving the Intrepid 11 feet of bottom clearance at high tide .
It also was widened to 110 feet to accommodate the hull , which is 103 feet wide at the water line .
Launched in 1943 as one of the Navy 's then - new Essex - class attack carriers , USS Intrepid figured in six major Pacific War campaigns including Leyte Gulf , history 's greatest naval battle , surviving five Japanese kamikaze suicide planes .
It later saw service in the Korean and Vietnam wars and was twice a recovery ship for NASA astronauts before it was decommissioned and mothballed in a Philadelphia shipyard - slated for demolition until rescued by New York real estate developer and philanthropist Zachary Fisher .
Back home :
The Intrepid arrives back to the docks , where it will continue to serve as an air and space museum
Since 1982 it has become one of New York 's most popular tourist sites , drawing some 750,000 visitors yearly over the past decade .
The 22 - month renovation at a New Jersey drydock included repair and refurbishment of the ship 's 65 - year - old hull , followed by interior work at Staten Island 's Stapleton naval dock - with the opening of formerly sealed spaces and expanded interactive museum exhibits , and the addition of five new aircraft to its flight deck collection .
The controversial idea that all tumors are created by cancer stem cells received a setback Wednesday .
The theory holds that a tiny percentage of cancer cells — perhaps one in a million or one in 10,000 — are responsible for creating tumors .
Like evil relatives of standard organ - forming stem cells , cancer stem cells build tumors .
It 's an appealing idea because it provides a new , well defined target for treatment .
But a new study casts doubt on the idea that only a few cancer cells are able to generate tumors .
By tweaking the experimental design other cancer researchers had been using — the new study used a different type of mice — a highly - respected stem cell oncologist found that as many as 25 percent of melanoma cells were capable of reproducing .
What makes the study particularly surprising is that its lead author was a founder of Oncomed , the leading cancer stem cell biotech startup , and comes out of the University of Michigan , where much of the early work on cancer stem cells was conducted .
" We 're not trying to claim there is no merit to the field , but we think that the frequency of cancer stem cells will be much higher , " said Sean Morrison , director of the Center for Stem Cell Biology at the U - M Life Sciences Institute and coauthor of the study in Nature Thursday .
" And there will be some cancers like melanoma where lots of cells will be tumorigenic and it wo n't be possible to treat those cancers by treating a small subset of cells . "
The cancer stem cell theory of tumor creation had taken the field of oncology by storm .
It promised an entirely new class of cancer treatments .
In fact , a raft of new drugs designed to attack cancer stem cells are just entering clinical trials .
While Oncomed has been a leader in the biotech space — signing a $ 1.4 billion commercialization deal with GlaxoSmithKline , the largest ever biotech deal for a preclinical stage company — major pharmaceutical companies are beginning to develop their own drugs based on the research .
Now , the underlying premise of those studies and drugs is being called into question .
Long - time critics of the cancer stem cell theory like Johns Hopkins oncologist , Scott Kern , are pleased .
" The paper seems in line with what one should expect , " Kern wrote in an email .
" Solid tumors ( the carcinomas , brain tumors , and sarcomas ) will not be found to follow the stem cell theory . "
But even critics like Kern , who had previously attacked the math underlying the cancer stem cell theory as " weak , " and Morrison believe that the cancer stem cell model will work for some tumor types , particularly leukemia .
It 's the concept 's broad application to all sorts of cancers that worried both Morrison and Kern .
The seductive symmetry of having
" bad " stem cells along with the standard ones could have led researchers to push the theory beyond what the science could support .
" When you look back at science , it 's the theories that make the most intuitive sense that people run with before the data exists , " Morrison said .
But cancer stem cell researcher Max Wicha , another cofounder of Oncomd and oncologist at the University of Michigan , countered that just because the new mouse model generated large numbers of tumorigenic cells , does n't mean that it 's necessarily a better model than the one they 'd long been using .
" [ Morrison 's work ] is very interesting and important but we need to look at the different mouse models and see which provides the best representation of what 's in patients , " Wicha said .
Both mouse models have been engineered to lack a high - functioning immune system because the standard mouse immune system would kill the human cancer cells that the researchers are trying to study .
That necessary change , however , is also a major source of uncertainty in cancer stem cell research .
The humans that will eventually be treated have standard immune systems , so how much to tweak the mice to allow the tumor cells to grow is a major variable .
Morrison 's mice have even weaker immune defense systems than those used by Wicha and other cancer stem cell researchers .
" He 's saying that we may have underestimated the number of tumorigenic cells , " Wicha said .
" I say his new model may have overestimated that number . "
Wicha also points to evidence outside the mouse models that only a small number of cancer stem cells are responsible for building tumors .
Wicha noted previous studies showing that some cancer cells express many of the same genes that standard stem cells do .
" These are cells which have stem cell properties , " he said .
Soon , however , some of these battles will become moot as results start to roll in from clinical trials in humans .
Right now , drugs designed to combat cancer stem cells are only in phase I safety trials , but they will be heading to phase II , where their efficacy will begin to be tested , within a year or two .
" Those will really tell us whether the clinical endpoints will improve , "
Wicha said .
" If we start seeing any improvement in survival and the patients doing better , it 'll all take off . "
Many oncologists will be watching how Oncomed 's lead drug candidate OMP - 21M18 does when it finishes up its first trial .
" If the therapeutic shows a benefit to patients , then all of these scientific concerns go by the wayside , " Morrison said .
" And even if the model is flawed in fundamental ways , if it led them to a good therapeutic , that 's still worth a lot . "
Morrison remains skeptical , however , that any silver bullet will ever be found for cancer , arguing that his new paper shows just how complex cancer is turning out to be .
" The reality is that cancer is an extraordinarily resourceful disease and every time there has been a new idea , people have seized on it to make it the big answer , " he said .
" Cancer is resourceful enough that there is n't going to be a big answer . "
Citation : " Efficient tumour formation by single human melanoma cells " by Elsa Quintana , Mark Shackleton , Michael S. Sabel , Douglas R. Fullen , Timothy M. Johnson and Sean J. Morrison .
Nature : doi:10.1038/nature07567
Image 1 : Dr. Timothy Johnson / University of Michigan .
A melanoma skin lesion on the chest of a 45 - year - old male patient .
The lesion measures 1.2 inches by 1.6 inches .
Image 2 : Mark Shackleton / University of Michigan .
This microscope image shows melanoma cells from a tumor , magnified 600
times .
The three large , dark - brown cells contain high levels of the pigment melanin .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Linux distributor Good OS and BIOS vendor Phoenix Technologies each have plans to make netbooks speedier devices , the vendors said at the Netbook World Summit in Paris on Monday .
For Good OS , the browser is the operating system -- or at least , all you 're going to see of it .
While other companies have developed quick - start software that allows you to check mail or play music seconds after turning on your computer , Good OS has created " a wrapper that enables you to perform all your major rich client applications from within the browser , " said Good OS founder and CEO David Liu .
The company 's forthcoming " Cloud " combines a compressed Linux kernel with a browser modified to play media files , make phone calls and set up the computer 's network connection .
The different functions are accessed through a line of icons at the bottom of the browser window , reminiscent of the Dock in Apple 's Mac OS X .
They can include a media player , a Skype client , a Gmail session , access to online productivity suites such as Google Docs , or a tool for configuring Wi -Fi access .
The browser 's tabbed interface allows navigation between different tasks , Liu said .
Netbook manufacturers can also choose to add a button to launch a full operating system , either Windows or Linux , for users who just have to run a " real " application for some tasks .
That 's what Good OS 's first customer plans to do , said Liu .
Taiwanese vendor Giga - byte Technology will show a Tablet PC - style touch - screen netbook at CES in Las Vegas in January , running Cloud and Windows XP , he said .
Liu was n't sure how much Giga - byte will charge for the netbook , venturing that it would perhaps be " under US $ 500 , " and that in any case he expected it to be " very competitive . "
He would n't say exactly how much Good OS is charging Giga - byte for the software , either .
" We are talking more high - end , but very cost - competitive , " he said .
Phoenix Technologies is readying something similar to Cloud -- but with a twist :
Its quick - start Linux system puts the application icons down the side of the screen , instead of along the bottom .
There 's more to it than that , though : Using its HyperSpace virtualization software , Phoenix allows you to read your e-mail or check out a YouTube video within 10 to 15 seconds of turning on your computer , while Windows continues to boot in the background .
The Windows icon at the side of the screen changes to let you know when the operating system is ready for work .
This system also allows Phoenix to apply some aggressive power - management techniques , reducing system load and shutting down unused components to give users up to an hour of extra battery life as they surf the Web , said Surendra Arora , the company 's vice president of business development .
" Vista has a lot of processes running , on average about 70 , whereas we run about 15 , " he said .
That power management can be applied to Windows too , he said , just as a night - time crescent moon appeared on the Windows icon to indicate that the operating system had gone into " sleep " mode behind the scene .
Phoenix too plans to show its new software at CES in January .
Arora would n't say who the company 's partners will be , but he did have the software running on a Lenovo IdeaPad S10 .
The current version of that netbook , the IdeaPad S10e , ships with the competing Splashtop quick - start software from DeviceVM .
With Splashtop , though , you have to choose between booting Windows or continuing to read your e-mail .
The company first demonstrated the HyperSpace software in November 2007 , hoping to persuade application vendors to develop special versions of messaging or maintenance tools to run on it .
At the time , the license for some versions of Windows Vista prevented its use in such virtual machines , and Phoenix had to wait until early this year for Microsoft to relax the rules , opening the way for makers of small , cheap computers to combine Windows Vista with its quick - start technology .
The Citigroup Inc. logo , a large red umbrella , stands at the entrance of the Citigroup Inc. building in New York City on January 16 , 2007 .
( UPI Photo / Monika Graff ) | License Photo
NEW YORK , Nov. 15 ( UPI ) -- Citigroup Inc. -- the global financial giant based in the United States -- plans to trim its workforce by 10 percent , CBNC reported Saturday .
Citing a person familiar with the matter , the cable business news channel said the job cuts are intended to return the company to profit and put down growing criticism of Chief Executive Officer Vikram Pandit -- who plans to issue a statement on the matter Monday .
Advertisement
CNBC said the move is aimed at soothing market concerns that Citigroup is not doing what needs to be done to deal with difficulties including deteriorating share prices .
Citing people close to the company , the report said the precise dimensions of the job cuts were not known Saturday afternoon but the organization might cut almost 40,000 jobs from its international workforce , estimated at 350,000 .
CBNC 's source said Pandit will likely announce that the layoffs will take effect in the relatively short term -- perhaps during the next five or six months .
" The object here is for people to take notice , " a source told CNBC .
" The exact number is still a moving target but it will be dramatic . "
Citigroup has reported losses for several quarters , largely due to massive writedowns of bad debt .
Its share price has dropped from almost $ 50 a year ago to a little over $ 9 Friday .
" This is a very disturbing incident which needs to be thoroughly investigated by the MoD and the Civil Aviation Authority as well as other near misses .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
An appellate court Sunday overturned an earlier lower - court decision to block Wells Fargo & Co.'s WFC , - 2.35 % acquisition of Wachovia Corp . WB , - 3.74 % .
The earlier ruling had halted the $ 15 billion transaction by extending an exclusivity agreement that Citigroup C , - 2.12 % , a rival bidder for Wachovia , had for a merger .
Wells Fargo issued a statement late Sunday saying : " We are pleased that the unfounded order entered yesterday has been vacated .
Wells Fargo will continue working toward the completion of its firm , binding merger agreement with Wachovia . "
Mr McGovern said he was not " fully supportive " of the proposals Labour MP Jim McGovern has resigned from the government in protest at plans to part - privatise Royal Mail .
Mr McGovern , MP for Dundee West , had been parliamentary private secretary to business minister Pat McFadden , whose department is overseeing the changes .
He said it " beggars belief " that Dutch company TNT could be brought in to advise Royal Mail on its operations .
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson , who announced the plans , insists Royal Mail will remain " publicly owned " .
Mr McGovern , an MP since 2005 , is a former glazier and and activist for the GMB trade union .
' No alternative '
In a statement , he said he had enjoyed being PPS but felt he had " no alternative " but to resign .
He said : " I believe a PPS has to be fully supportive of proposals of the department which they serve .
" In this case I do not support what looks to me like partial privatisation of the Royal Mail . "
In all conscience yesterday , the statement that was made , I could not support
Jim McGovern
A number of backbench Labour MPs have attacked the government 's move to inject private capital into the Royal Mail and have pledged to fight the plan .
Mr McGovern added in his statement that " it simply beggars belief that we would employ the services of a company from abroad to tell the Royal Mail in this country where they are going wrong " .
But later he told BBC Radio 4's PM programme he was more concerned about the fact it was a private company , than that it was from abroad .
" In my experience when the private sector gets involved in the public sector , it inevitably leads to an erosion of the terms and conditions for the employees . "
He added : " My understanding of the Labour Party and government manifesto ... is that there was a commitment there to maintaining public ownership of the Royal Mail contradicts that .
" In all conscience yesterday , the statement that was made , I could not support . "
' Not privatisation '
But former postal minister Ian McCartney denied there were plans to privatise the Royal Mail .
He told the programme : " It 's going to be in public hands and will remain in public hands .
This is a partnership not a privatisation . "
He said it would guarantee Royal Mail a " total future in the public sector " , give pension protection for current and future pensioners , guarantee investment in new technology and improve relations between employers and staff .
On Tuesday , the government responded to The Hooper report into the Royal Mail , which describes it as " untenable " in its current state .
It recommends the organisation should enter into a strategic partnership with one or more private sector partners .
It also says the " pressure that the pension deficit exerts on the Royal Mail must be eased " .
The deficit was £ 3.4bn in 2006 , but is widely thought to have doubled since then .
Lord Mandelson said the government agreed with the recommendation it should take over much of the responsibility for cutting this .
The Conservatives welcomed the recommended part - privatisation of the Royal Mail , calling it a " step in the right direction " .
However , shadow business secretary Alan Duncan accused ministers of " raiding " the pension fund to " bail out government borrowing " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ALBANY  Resistance is emerging among Democratic officials against Caroline Kennedy as she pursues Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s seat in the United States Senate , with Gov. David A. Paterson bristling over suggestions that her selection is inevitable , according to his advisers , and other leading Democrats concerned that she is too beholden to Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg .
The governor is frustrated and chagrined , the advisers said , because he believes that he extended Ms. Kennedy the chance to demonstrate her qualifications but that her operatives have exploited the opportunity to convey a sense that she is all but appointed already .
He views this as an attempt to box him in , the advisers said .
“ You have people going around saying , ‘ Oh yeah , it ’s a done deal , ’ ” said one of the advisers , who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the selection process and did not want to anger the governor .
“ The quickest way to not get something you want is to step into somebody ’s face . ”
The governor ’s frustration follows reports last week that Kevin Sheekey , a top deputy to Mr. Bloomberg who has been advising Ms. Kennedy , had called a labor leader and told him that Ms. Kennedy was going to be senator , “ so get on board now , ” and that a member of Senator Edward M. Kennedy ’s staff was helping Ms. Kennedy reach out to unions .
The pamphlets , which officers used to pass on tactics and orders to their men while on the front line , reveal what soldiers were supposed to do in virtually any circumstance , from standing " perfectly still " at the sight of enemy aircraft to carrying a spare sock under their jacket , on each shoulder , so they could be changed if their feet got wet .
BlogPlus by Gregplus
Welcome to my new blogging home .
I have horrible grammar so please do n't hassle me about that .
I 'm also bad at math .
Please feel free to check this blog out every week or two as I will try to updated it often .
I am going to cover subjects that have direct bearing on foreign policy and politics in general , as well as the periodical soft - hearted blurb I may come up with but less bullshit I type , the less you will read .
Welcome to my little piece of truth in the big land of ones and zeroes .
So this is what happens when you have two stubborn parties come together .
The Hanshin Expressway takes a shortcut through the 5th and 7th floors of the Fukushima Gate Tower ; also known as the Bee Hive .
Apparently back in 1992 ; when this conglomeration of road and building came together , the building owner wanted to tear down the old building and rebuild .
However the city planners had already allocated that space for the expressway .
This is the agreement they came to when neither party wanted to change their plans .
[ hat tip to Dark Roasted Blend ]
Clarification to this article
Alamy
PEOPLE are programmed for addiction .
Their brains are designed so that actions vital for propagating their genes — such as eating and having sex — are highly rewarding .
Those reward pathways can , however , be subverted by external chemicals ( in other words , drugs ) and by certain sorts of behaviour such as gambling .
In recent years , neuroscientists have begun to understand how these reward pathways work and , in particular , the role played by message - carrying molecules called neurotransmitters .
These molecules , notably serotonin , dopamine and gamma- aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) , hop between nerve cells , carrying signals as they go .
Some drugs mimic their actions .
Others enhance them .
Either way , the body tends , as a result , to give up making them .
At that point the person needs the drug as a substitute for the missing transmitter .
In other words , he is an addict .
Unfortunately , this improved understanding of the biochemistry of addiction has yet to be translated into improvements in treatment .
The latest figures from Britain 's National Treatment Agency suggest that only 11 % of those who start treatment complete it and are drug - free after 12 weeks .
A new approach that acknowledges the underlying biochemistry might improve this situation .
And on October 11th and 12th delegates to a conference in London , organised by Food for the Brain , an educational foundation , heard accounts of such an approach .
Its tools are not drugs but dietary changes .
The theory is that providing food rich in the precursors of lost neurotransmitters will boost the levels of those chemicals , and thus reduce craving .
At the moment , only preliminary trials have been carried out .
But they look promising and if larger trials confirm them , a useful , new front in the war on addiction might open up .
Mind what you eat
Anxiety and sleeplessness are common withdrawal symptoms .
They happen because many addictive drugs reduce the supply of a chemical called glutamine , a precursor to GABA .
One of GABA 's roles is to promote relaxation .
( The molecular receptors for GABA are the target of tranquillisers such as Valium . )
But glutamine levels can be restored , and production of GABA boosted , by the consumption of an amino acid called N - acetylcysteine ( NAC ) that is found in nuts and seeds .
This is not just theory .
A controlled study published last year in the American Journal of Psychiatry by Steven LaRowe , of the Medical University of South Carolina , and his colleagues , found that giving NAC to cocaine addicts reduced their desire to use the drug sufficiently for it to be recommended as a treatment .
A different study found that NAC reduced the desire to gamble in more than 80 % of those addicted to this pastime , compared with 28 % of those who were given a placebo .
Serotonin is another neurotransmitter that is usually deficient in an addicted brain .
This probably accounts for the depressive side of withdrawal symptoms ( serotonin receptors in the brain are the target of antidepressant drugs such as Prozac ) .
Serotonin is made from an amino acid called tryptophan , which is found in foods such as meat , brown rice , nuts , fish and milk .
Philip Cowen , a psychiatrist at Oxford University , has found that reducing the amount of tryptophan in someone 's diet increases depressive symptoms and also that increasing it can induce a more optimistic outlook .
Another molecule that shows promise in treating addiction is DHA , a fatty acid belonging to the nutritionally fashionable class called omega - 3 .
In this case it is believed to act not by affecting neurotransmitter levels but by changing the physical characteristics of nerve cells ' outer membranes , and thus the way they conduct nerve impulses .
A lack of DHA has been associated with all sorts of psychological problems — learning difficulties , excessive hostility and even suicide .
It has also been associated with the relapse into addiction .
Here , though , the waters are muddy .
Correlation is not causation , and no decent trials have yet been done to show whether DHA supplements do in fact reduce addiction .
Indeed , the whole area is , as it were , under - trialled .
As David Smith , another Oxford - based researcher and the chairman of the conference , pointed out , drug companies are not interested in carrying out such trials because the results , even if favourable , are unlikely to be patentable .
Governments do not seem interested at the moment , either ; the welfare of addicts , rhetoric aside , is rarely a priority .
Similar studies of the effect of diet on the behaviour of prisoners are , though , provoking interest .
John Stein , yet another Oxford man , is currently conducting such a study in three British prisons .
If a change of diet really can help addicts , it would be a shame not to find out .
It might even save the public purse some money .
Artists and labels have a new way to strengthen ties to fans and make them buy more music : mobile phone apps , which could be the new MySpace page .
An iPhone app might seem like an awkward way to distribute music when the device also supports podcasts and the iTunes music store , but the apps ' versatility gives bands a great way to draw their fans closer .
Recording artist Pink is the first ( updated ) to make waves in this area with a free iPhone app called " P!nk 's Funhouse " ( iTunes link ) , according to Billboard , which includes 30 - second previews from her upcoming album , news , photos and other " essentials to connect you to Pink 's music . "
Others rumored to be working on similar applications include Fall Out Boy and Snow Patrol , while Nine Inch Nails plans to release a special version of the iPhone app Tap Tap Revenge that will let players tap along with various NIN songs .
IPhone apps are becoming a viable platform for the promotion and distribution of music .
Not to blow our own horn , but we called this back in August .
Songs , images , news , videos and other content can be distributed for free directly to fans using iPhone apps that contain ' buy ' links to the iTunes music store .
If your favorite band has an app for iPhone ( or Android ) and you have one of those devices , you 're going to download the app .
At that point , the band has a friendly , band - branded Trojan horse on your phone to import whatever content it wants you to have , as well as an easy way to convert renewed interest into sales .
The bands mentioned above plan to use these apps to promote their music butthe next step could be actual distribution , leveraging theiTunes store 's ability to sell apps to offer band subscriptions .
I would pay $ 40 / yearto have the latest recordings , photos , news and other material from The Fall
sent to my iPhone in near real time , and I 'd be willing to bet thatothers would be willing to do the same with their favorite bands .
Pink 's promotional app is a great start .
From the music preview screen , fans can preview all of the tracks on her upcoming album , buy the full version of each song as it becomes available and e-mail previews to friends :
The news page can be updated with whatever Pink 's people want you to read about her :
In the image section , fans can scroll through a selection of Pink photos by swiping their fingers sideways , just as one would do with the iPhone 's own photo library :
The extras section leaves lots of room for additions but already includes a discography with liner notes and iTunes ' buy ' links for each album , her official bio and a link to " P!nk 's Page , " which somehow crashed my iPhone .
Nothing 's perfect :
See Also :
In its statement , the Fed underscored its committment to use extraordinary measures , including using its balance sheet to support the credit markets .
" The Federal Reserve will employ all available tools to promote the resumption of sustainable economic growth and to preserve price stability , " the Fed said .
The cut in the federal funds rate pushes it to its lowest level on records dating to July 1954 , and the central bank said it would likely keep it at " exceptionally low levels for some time . "
" There is no more room to cut rates , as the target cannot go negative , " said economist Chris Rupkey of Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi .
" Quantitative easing will be the new way for the Fed to stimulate the economy going forward . "
In addition to the rate cut , the Fed said it was prepared to expand already announced large purchases of debt issued by government - sponsored mortgage agencies to support the battered US housing market .
The program to buy $ 600 billion in debt and mortgage - backed securities from mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac already has helped pushed mortgage rates down .
The Fed , however , remained cautious about another unusual measure , which Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke first floated two weeks ago .
The statement said the central bank was still " considering " buying long - term Treasury securities , which is also thought to be aimed at lowering borrowing costs by going around commercial banks .
Last time , we learned that — in a world in which much is uncertain — at least we can trust continuous maps of Hausdorff spaces to behave nicely with respect to dense subsets .
Or can we ?
We showed that if is dense , then any continuous map is determined by its values on , which jives well with our intuition about maps , for example .
But in we can go ever farther .
For any open set , we can construct a bump function that is nonzero on , but zero outside of .
It follows that if is not dense , then continuous functions are not determined by their values on .
Is this true of all Hausdorff spaces ?
The answer is yes , but proving it requires some creativity .
The brute force approach does not work here — there is no clear way to create a bump function on some arbitrary space .
If you consider yourself a point - set topology guru , I encourage you to try to prove the proposition yourself before reading on .
Proposition :
If is a Hausdorff space and is not dense , then there exists some Hausdorff space and two distinct continuous functions that agree on .
Proof : Let , and let be two copies of glued together along .
Since there are points not in , the two embeddings are distinct , but agree on by construction .
I have kept the proof ( extremely ) short to illustrate the beauty of the idea , but there are a few assumptions that need to be justified .
The most serious of these is the assertion that is Hausdorff .
But a little reading on disjoint unions and quotient spaces will reveal that this is not particularly difficult .
( though it is very necessary to know that is closed )
I do not know if this result is as strong as possible .
So I leave the question to you , if you hunger and thirst for more than these two articles have provided .
Question :
Does there exist some space and a non-dense subset such that any continuous map , where is Hausdorff , is determined by its values on ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
View More
Luca Bercelli 2011-12-08 11:47:00
90/100
line of the day – ‘ I am actually in the room with Cardinal and Lions fans , people that are actually sadder than Jets fans .
This is a tremendous feeling ’
Good episode about an interesting area , however the guests are totally eclipsed by Gary
We knock Nokia 's premium line of Vertu cellphones not because , deep down , we really love them , but because they are cynical cash - ins , phones devoid of all but the most basic features priced to appeal to the moronic consumer who equates high price with high status .
So Norihiko Inoue 's concept design neatly sums up the whole Vertu scam .
Described by Inoue as a " celebration of empty space " , the design is literally a shell with nothing inside .
The conceit is that , sometime in the future , components will be so small that they can fit into the skin of a phone - sized handset .
After all , unless you are Derek Zoolander , there is a lower practical limit to the size of a cellphone .
The buttons and screen rest on thin strips of shiny plastic which wrap around the air inside .
Think of it as a real - world wireframe model .
We have no idea if Inoue 's choice of Vertu was intentional , but if so , this is probably the most satirical concept design we 've ever seen .
Product page [ norihikoinoue via Design Launches ]
if yew listenz ril close yew can heer dee interwebz laffing at chew .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
If Rush Limbaugh were found with kiddie porn and / or dismembered tranny hookers in his trunk
Excuses :
Liberals framed him !
Obama framed him !
He was collecting evidence to hunt down and capture pedophiles in his free time .
He had a moment of weakness but God has forgiven him so we should too .
If Sean Hannity was videoed in a Klan robe masturbating to a picture of a Jim Crow era lynching
Excuses :
The Klan robe was a costume for Halloween next year , he was inspecting his penis for cancer , while studying history .
He had a moment of weakness but God has forgiven him so we should too .
If Ann Coulter was caught ( literally ) in bed with John McCain and Sarah Palin
Excuses :
They were up late working out a plan for the for the future of the GOP and for America , and when they were done they decided to pray by the bed , being exhausted they just climbed in together .
The thermostat was too high so in their sleep they removed their clothing .
The 18 - inch strap - on must have been left in the hotel - room by a previous guest .
They had a moment of weakness but God has forgiven them so we should too .
Michael Savage videoed giving glory - hole blow - jobs to homeless black and Mexican men at a gay adult book - store
He was doing research .
Really in - depth research .
The sodomites have infected his mind with some kind of gay - virus .
But he is cured now
They had a moment of weakness but God has forgiven them so we should too .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
December 16 , 2008
Categories : politics , Survival in America .
Tags : Conservative politics , hypocrisy , politics .
Author : ratchet70
Leave a comment
No comments yet .
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
" The Potential for Moving people Thru Sound , Not Hype " has been the Sub.mission motto since inception .
Our Agency is made up of like - minded individuals who plan to do just that .
We focus on the development of innovative artists across the Americas , Europe and Australia .
We are committed to the sustainable , long - term success of our artists , concert promoters , and partners which make up the heart of this company .
The Sub.mission Agency is known as a tastemaker and musical curator , spotting and nurturing a wide range of talented artists and focusing on the longevity of their careers .
The company also ensures the most beneficial , seamless deals for its artists and creates new opportunities to bring exciting live performances to fans .
We work with you before , during and after your events , making sure everything arranged meets your highest expectations .
Artist 's rendering of Eris , announced in July 2005 by Mike Brown of Caltech .
It is more massive than Pluto .
The sun is in the background .
Strangeweather on the icy dwarf planet Eris could be causing changes that scientistsare now seeing at the methane - ice surface of this distant object in our solarsystem .
Eris is thelargest known solar - system object beyond the orbit of Neptune .
It is larger than Pluto , with a diameter of ranging somewhere between about 1,490 miles and 1,860 miles ( 2,400 km and 3,000 km ) .
A team of researchersexamined data on Eriscollected from the MMT Observatory in Arizona .
They specifically looked atconcentrations of methane ice based on light - reflection and absorptioninformation .?
Theirresults show possibly nitrogen ice mixed in with the methane ice covering Eris ' surface .
And the relative amount of nitrogen ice increases with depth into theice , they found .
Here 's whatthe researchers think is happening :
Currently , Eris is at its farthest distance to the sun , called aphelion , along its about560 - year orbit , meaning the planet is nearly 100 astronomical units ( AU ) fromthe sun , or about 9 billion miles ( 14 billion km ) .
Along its orbit , Eris sweeps asclose as 38 AU to the sun when at perihelion .
Due to Eris ' tilt , a different hemisphere faces the sun when at perihelion andaphelion .
On thesunlit hemisphere or pole at perihelion , lots ofsublimation would have occurred to turn nitrogen into gas .
( Sublimation isthe process of ice turning to gas while skipping the liquid phase . )
This gas wouldbuild up in the atmosphere ?
likely a very thin one around such a small object ?
to increase the pressure and drive winds toward the shaded pole .
Nitrogenice turns into a gas at cooler temperatures and so there would be more nitrogengas in the atmosphere compared with methane .
Then , at the shaded pole , alsocalled the winter hemisphere , the gases would condense into snow - like ordew - like material that would fall onto Eris ' surface as nitrogen ice .
As Erismoved closer and closer to the sun , this same process would occur for methane , with methane sublimating on the sunlit hemisphere and falling as methane ice onthe shaded pole .
As the windscontinued to blow from the sunlit side to the shaded hemisphere ( as summerprogressed on the sunlit side ) , nitrogen would be depleted .
And so relatively moremethane would whoosh over to the shaded side and fall as methane ice .
The polethe researchers observed had been shaded for years while Eris was atperihelion .
That same pole is now facing the sun and has been for decades tocenturies , the researchers say .
" Thehemisphere in darkness then , is the hemisphere we are seeing now at apheliontoday , " researcher Stephen Tegler , an astrophysicist at Northern Arizona University , told SPACE.com .
" In other words , we may be observingtoday a signature of the winds that condensed out during the last perihelionpassage . "
Thisapparent weather could explain why the researchers found more nitrogen deeperbelow the surface of Eris , which would 've been deposited earlier in the season .
Theresearch will be detailed in an upcoming issue of the journal Icarus .
Sophistic phony intellectual vents his distaste at the rabble rousing rednecks who think a world dictatorship might not be such a good idea
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , December 11 , 2008
Financial Times columnist Gideon Rachman complains that he has been “ covered in internet slime ” after receiving hundreds of hostile e-mails in response to his article in which he all but called for a dictatorial global government to be installed to fight terrorism , climate change and solve the financial crisis .
Self - satisfied with his perch on the wannabe - elitist media peanut gallery , puking verbal diarrhea from the gravy train of sophistic phony intellectualism , Rachman ’s was aghast that the rabble - rousers and “ gun-toting bible bashers ” as he disdainfully referred to them dared challenge his globalist world view .
“ These people can read , but they cannot think . , ” sneers Rachman , as he registers his contempt for those “ Who believe not only that global warming is a hoax – but that it is actually a conspiracy . ”
No matter that the IPCC ’s chief source for its scientific data was recently caught faking temperature data in claiming that data records from the naturally warmer month of September represented those from October .
No matter that 2008 is the coldest year of the decade , that the Arctic ice sheet has expanded by an area the size of Germany since summer 2007 , and that record low temperatures have hit areas all over America .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
No matter that over 650 scientists have put their names to a US Senate Minority report that challenges the contention of the UN ’s International Panel on Climate Change that there is a scientific “ consensus ” on the causes of global warming .
Forget about all that , to even question the religious orthodoxy of global warming makes one intellectually inferior , Rachman implies .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Despite calling his article , ‘ And now for world government , ’ Rachman then has the temerity to argue that he was not promoting the idea of a one world government , but merely “ debating ” the topic .
Throughout Rachman ’s article he employs the intellectual tactic of making it seem that global government is inevitable as a means of advocating its necessity .
Rachman writes that there is , “ An opportunity and a means to make serious steps towards a world government , ” that the idea is “ plausible , ” makes an argument that the financial crisis , terrorism and global warming create a pretext for it , and he quotes others who have passionately called for it .
Near the end of the article he bemoans that fact that the push for a world government will be a slow process due to massive opposition against it .
How can this represent anything other than advocacy for the implementation of global government ?
If this article was a “ debate ” surrounding the question of whether or not global government should be set up , as Rachman claims , then he would have included at least some of the many arguments against global government , but how many did he cite ?
Zero .
That ’s not a “ debate ” , that ’s coming down on one side of an issue .
For Rachman to claim that his article was “ a dispassionate discussion of the possibility ” of global government is completely dishonest .
This smacks of the classic hand - in - the - cookie jar moment .
Far from being covered in slime as he protests , the spotlight has been turned on Rachman and to everyone ’s horror , he is already a slimeball of the highest order .
Rachman ’s retort is a desperate effort to turn the light off again before more people take a look – he obviously does n’t like the fact that his distasteful and abhorrent opinions are being shown for what they are .
Rachman ’s article is all about the merits and necessity of global government and then at the end he brazenly adds the caveat that it will only be a success if it is anti-democratic in nature , ie dictatorial .
Rachman ’s attempt to backtrack and protest his innocence in claiming the article was anything but a PR piece for global government may fool the naive , but when we have dozens and dozens of highly influential figures throughout the decades calling for the same thing , the seriousness of the issue becomes clear .
Global government is by no means a new phenomenon proposed as a “ solution ” to current problems , it is the ultimate goal for a long - standing agenda that seeks to crush national sovereignty and freedom and replace it with a tyrannical new world order .
That is not some kind of hare - brained conspiracy theory as Rachman would have it , it is a privately and publicly stated mission of the global elite .
Strobe Talbot , current Obama advisor and President Clinton ’s Deputy Secretary of State , was n’t loosely “ debating ” the subject of one world government when in 1992 he told Time Magazine , “ In the next century , nations as we know it will be obsolete ; all states will recognize a single , global authority .
National sovereignty was n’t such a great idea after all . ”
Neither was Dr. Henry Kissinger absently chit-chatting when he told a Bilderberg conference in 1991 , “ Today , America would be outraged if U.N. troops entered Los Angeles to restore order .
Tomorrow they will be grateful !
This is especially true if they were told that there were an outside threat from beyond , whether real or promulgated , that threatened our very existence .
It is then that all peoples of the world will plead to deliver them from this evil .
The one thing every man fears is the unknown .
When presented with this scenario , individual rights will be willingly relinquished for the guarantee of their well - being granted to them by the World Government . ”
Likewise , international financier James Warburg was deadly serious when he told a Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 1950 , “ We shall have a world government , whether or not we like it .
The question is only whether world government will be achieved by consent or by conquest . ”
The march towards a centralized global government is not a contemporary idea , it is a coordinated movement firmly entrenched in history .
At the end of his riposte , Rachman cracks a lame joke about pretending to be a member of the “ Bilderberg / Illuminati / Council on Foreign Relations / UN / Zionist establishment ” to make millions from tell - all books .
Deliciously ironic it is therefore that as a matter of routine , Rachman ’s colleague Martin Wolf , the Financial Times ’ associate editor and chief economics commentator , attends the Bilderberg Group meeting every year and hob - knobs with hundreds of the world ’s power elite , and then routinely fails to report on it in the knowledge that if he did he’d be shunned by the very establishment that Rachman makes light of .
After all , 200 + global powerbrokers meeting in secret to discuss the future course of the planet does n’t seem like a very interesting story now does it ?
Perhaps Rachman should ask Wolf for an invite to Bilderberg 2009 , and then he could stop hoping to be a member of the global elite and actually become one .
With disgusting , anti-democratic and elitist opinions like his , I ’m sure Bilderberg will welcome Rachman with open arms .
RELATED : Financial Times Editorial Admits Agenda For Dictatorial World Government
This article was posted : Thursday , December 11 , 2008 at 12:03 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Van concept tot uitgewerkt ontwerp geven wij vorm aan jouw druk - en printwerk
Jij bent speciaal voor ons en we gaan samen met jou iets moois creëren .
Voor elk budget een creatieve oplossing .
Als je ons laat doen waar we goed in zijn dan kun jij doen waar jij goed in bent .
Samen gaan we jouw product , dienstverlening en / of bedrijf zichtbaar maken met super gaaf druk- en printwerk .
We kunnen je ook helpen met het ontwerp en / of vormgeving van jouw communicatie - uiting .
Samen brengen we jouw bedrijf op een creatieve manier in beeld .
Wat rest is geheel vrijblijvend contact opnemen .
Dit kan per mail of telefonisch .
John Key has been officially sworn in as New Zealand 's Prime Minister after his election win earlier this month .
The National Party leader and his 27 new ministers took the oath of office in a ceremony at Parliament in Wellington .
The first cabinet meeting is scheduled for this afternoon .
For a while now , I ’ve been tagging type - related work on deviant Art .
I thought I ’d share them with you , so here ’s a sampling :
Do you have a favourite ?
Next up is the week in type .
# Constraint Functional - Logic Programming in Haskell
The `cflp` package provides a module `Control .
CFLP` with combinators for constraint functional - logic programming ( ( C ) FLP ) in Haskell .
The combinators can be used as a target language for compiling programs written in an FLP language like Curry or Toy .
Another application of FLP is demand driven test - case generation .
Consult the LICENSE file for copyright issues , the INSTALL file for installation instructions , or the [ project website ] [ cflp ] for background information on this package .
[ cflp ] : http://www-ps.informatik.uni-kiel.de/~sebf/projects/cflp.html
More than five million people die every year from infectious diseases , despite the availability of numerous antibiotics and vaccines .
The discovery of penicillin to treat bacterial infections , along with the development of vaccines for previously incurable virus diseases such as polio and smallpox , achieved great reductions in mortality during the mid-20th century .
Recently , spectacular advances in medical imaging combined with mathematical tools for modelling the human immune system have provided a base for a new push against infectious disease .
The challenges and opportunities presented by these new experimental and theoretical technologies were discussed at a recent workshop organised by the European Science Foundation ( ESF ) , which set out an agenda for quantitative immunology .
" A better understanding of how the immune system responds to infection and of the factors that determine whether an infection results in protective immunity or disease could lead to medical advances resulting in a great reduction in human suffering " , said Paul Garside , director of the Centre for Biophotonics at the University of Strathclyde , and Carmen Molina - Paris and Grant Lythe , applied mathematician at the University of Leeds , co-convenors of the ESF workshop .
The fact that a conference on immunology should be co-convened by mathematicians typifies the change in the field from a qualitative science into a quantitative one using comprehensive data sets derived from imaging .
This should help answer the question of why a given infection is controlled by the immune system in some people , leading to prolonged adaptive immunity , while in others causes serious disease .
The answer depends on numerous factors relating to interaction between metabolism , immune system pathways , and even external factors such as diet and micro-organisms in the gut .
Unravelling these factors requires mathematical modelling based on data obtained from images of the processes as they actually take place in the body , combined with chemical analysis of samples such as urine or blood .
One technology in particular , two - photon microscopy , is providing valuable data on immune processes , such as movement and interaction between cells , in real time , as they happen .
Two - photon microscopy evolved from conventional light microscopy and exploits the fluorescence effect , causing the object of interest to emit light that can then be observed in high resolution .
The ESF workshop focused on how modelling and imaging could help resolve the complex immunological and metabolic interactions between three key groups of cells involved in defence against disease , T cells , B cells , and dendritic cells .
T cells are a type of white blood cell involved in the adaptive memory against previous infections , in destroying infected viral or tumour cells , and in mediating the immune response to avoid an attack on the host organism .
B cells are another type of white blood cell , producing antibodies that identify and mark invading pathogens such as bacteria , also playing a key role in adaptive memory .
Dendritic cells aid the other immune cells by processing invading pathogens at an early stage and presenting their antigens ( unique surface components , including proteins and carbohydrates , identifying a pathogen ) so that they are easily accessible to those other immune cells .
" Modelling the interactions of T cells , B cells and APCs ( Antigen presenting cells ) such as dendritic cells in the lymph node is one of the great challenges we face " , said Garside , Lythe and Molina - Paris .
" In particular , it is essential to understand the timescales of these interactions . "
There are also broader questions identified at the ESF workshop , such as how the immune system maintains such great diversity in its repertoire of mature antibodies , providing protection against such a wide range of pathogens , while at the same time it is able to discriminate between self and non-self , and achieve a proportionate response to infection , so that collateral damage against the host is minimised .
The importance of this fine regulation is emphasised when it goes wrong , for example in septic shock when the immune system over reacts to a pathogen , or in chronic auto immune diseases such as MS or rheumatoid arthritis , when these immune cells attack the body 's own tissue .
Although the ESF workshop concentrated on infectious diseases , the research it will stimulate will also lead to better understanding and improved therapies for these conditions where the immune system malfunctions .
###
The ESF workshop , Challenges for experimental and theoretical immunology , was held in Leeds , UK in September 2008 .
Building 7 was the third skyscraper to be reduced to rubble on September 11 , 2001 .
According to the government , fires , primarily , leveled this building , but fires have never before or since destroyed a steel skyscraper .
The team that investigated the collapse were kept away from the crime scene .
By the time they published their inconclusive report in May , 2002 , the evidence had been destroyed .
Why did the government rapidly recycle the steel from the largest and most mysterious engineering failure in world history , and why has the media remained silent ?
Beware the Kallikantzaroi Greek Goblins Run Riot Over Christmas
Who says Santa Claus is the only one trying to come down your chimney during the festive season ?
According to Greek mythology , a gaggle of goblin - like spirits are trying to slide into homes -- and instead of presents they are intent on leaving a trail of destruction .
Von Danylo Hawaleshka
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. presidential nominee Barack Obama ’s fellow Democrats will likely fall a bit short of winning a Senate majority large enough to hold off procedural challenges , a chief party strategist said on Sunday .
Senator Charles Schumer acknowledges the audience at the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , August 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chris Wattie
But Democrats seem certain to pickup enough Senate seats to get “ a lot done ” and “ help change the country ” when the new Congress convenes in January , said Sen.
Charles Schumer of New York , chairman of the Senate Democratic campaign committee .
Democrats control the Senate 51 - 49 .
They would have to gain nine seats to hit 60 , the number needed to end Republican procedural hurdles known as filibusters that can kill or at least slow legislation .
“ As for 60 , that ’s very , very difficult , ” Schumer told CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
“ It ’s possible , but unlikely .
And the reason is because the terrain is so tough . ”
Schumer noted that many of the 11 contested Senate races where Republicans are vulnerable are traditionally Republican .
None are traditionally Democratic .
Still , as Schumer put it : “ The bottom line is : I think Wednesday morning Democrats are going to be very happy , because we ’re going to pick up a whole lot of seats . ”
“ With 56 , 57 , 58 ( Senate seats ) , we ’ll be able to get a lot done in the Senate and help change the country , ” Schumer said .
Republicans blocked much of the Democrats ’ agenda the past two years -- on matters from expanding health care to withdrawing troops from Iraq -- with filibusters .
Democrats figure that if they can get close to 60 Senate seats , they will be able to pickup a couple of moderate Republicans to end many filibusters .
Congressional Republicans have been hurt by the ailing economy , the long - running Iraq war and the unpopularity of their party ’s leader , President George W. Bush .
Democrats are expected to expand their majorities in both the Senate and the House of Representatives to perhaps their highest levels in decades .
Democrats hold the House , 235-199 .
Analysts have said House Democrats may pickup upward of 30 seats .
The last time Democrats had a filibuster - proof Senate majority was three decades ago .
Thirty - five of the 100 Senate seats are up for election on Tuesday .
Twenty - three are held by Republicans , a dozen by Democrats .
According to polls , just one Democratic senator , Louisiana ’s Mary Landrieu , appears to be in any jeopardy of losing .
Among Republicans who seem to be in trouble is Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
He was hurt by the $ 700 billion federal bailout of private investors .
Also in jeopardy is Republican Sen .
Ted Stevens of Alaska , who was found guilty last week of political corruption .
“ There ’s no question that we are facing a fairly strong political head wind , ” Sen. John Ensign of Nevada , chairman of the Senate Republican campaign committee .
Appearing with Schumer on “ Face the Nation , ” Ensign said , “ Democrats are poised to pick up some seats .
The exact number we do n’t know ” because so many races are razor close .
Ensign warned : “ This is the most liberal , left - wing , radical group of candidates that Democrats have ever put up .
And if they get in , if they get the kind of numbers that Chuck Schumer is talking about , they are going to take this country way left . ”
“ They ’re going to increase taxes .
They ’re going to increase spending , ” Ensign warned .
Schumer rejected such talk ,
“ The ( Democratic ) Senate candidates are thoughtful .
They ’re moderate , ” Schumer said .
“ Unlike the Republican incumbents they ’re running against , they do want change .
They do n’t believe in Bush ’s policies . ”
HERE’S a Yankee Doodle Doozy of an idea from the taxman : if you ’ve had enough of the United States and choose to renounce your citizenship , you will now have to give up a large chunk of your assets .
The same new tax also will hit foreigners who are living and working in this country legally – with a so - called green card – once they decide to return home .
In fact , anyone who has $ 600,000 in assets and a lust for becoming a citizen of France , Italy or maybe an island in the Pacific should take note of this one .
Thanks can be given to a bill that passed Congress recently and was quietly signed by President Bush two weeks ago .
Called the Heroes Earnings Assistance and Relief Act of 2008 ( the HEART bill , for short ) , the main part of the new law deservedly gives benefits to soldiers .
But the last part of the bill , under “ revenue provisions , ” sticks it to anyone who no longer wants to live the American dream .
A hot button topic in recent years has been the fight against immigrants trying to get into this country .
This bill now takes a hard line against emigrants – people trying to get out .
Consider the tax an exit fee .
Tomorrow , of course , is Independence Day , so I ’m not , by any means , going to advocate that people should leave the US , no matter how difficult the economy might be right now or how intemperate the weather might become at times .
But just in case you have ever entertained that idea , Congress has just made it wise for you to reconsider .
“ This marks a dramatic shift in policy , ” said John Olivieri , a tax partner with New York law firm White & Case LLP .
“ This is a further extension of the US tax net . ”
The new law , bill JCX - 44 - 8 , reads like this : “ In general , the provision imposes tax on certain US citizens who relinquish their US citizenship and certain long - term US residents who terminate their US residency .
Such individuals are subject to income tax on the net unrealized gain in their property as if the property had been sold for its fair market value . ”
The first $ 600,000 of your assets are protected .
But after that , the assets – including your house , car , the Dali painting your mother left you – are “ marked - to - market , ” as they say on Wall Street .
In other words , someone takes a stab at the value of your assets and then you are presented with a tax bill .
Olivieri thinks this ’ll keep out people we want to work in this country .
“ I wonder what the long - term implications are , ” he said .
“ It ’s onerous .
You might have to come up with cash you do n’t have to pay taxes on gains that might never be realized .
Will the world ’s talent decide they do n’t want to work in the US anymore ? ”
So enjoy the Fourth of July .
You and your money will be here for a while .
*
My readers probably remember Vernon Hill , the former head of Commerce Bank , who was shown the door right before his company was acquired by a Canadian financial institution .
Hill got in a jam with regulators because he was , among other things , allowing his bank to build branches on property that he happened to own .
These days ,
Hill is not only trying new business ventures that I chronicled in a column a few months back , he ’s also commenting on the issue of executive ethics for bankstocks.com .
Ironic , no ?
Well , the other day Hill decided to criticize a deal from earlier this year in which Citi group bought a money management firm called Old Lane Partners for $ 800 million so that Vikram Pandit – who ran the firm – would be able to join Citi .
“ Now , $ 40 billion in writedowns later , [ Citi ’s ] being run by a man ( Vik Pandit , of all people ) who ’s never been a CEO , never run a public company , never made a loan and never run a bank .
Only the CEO is up by $ 165 million .
Nice work if you can get it , ” Hill wrote .
I should mention that Commerce Bank for years paid Shirley Hill , Vernon ’s wife , millions of dollars to decorate its lookalike branches ?
Now that ’s nice work if you can get it !
john.crudele@nypost.com
COLOGNE , Germany ( Hollywood Reporter ) -
The report reads like an outtake from the Oscar - winning film “ The Lives of Others . ”
An investigation published by German public broadcaster ARD reveals that the East German secret police , known as the Stasi , influenced German television and radio reports on both sides of the Berlin Wall .
In the East , the Stasi dictated the official propaganda broadcast by the German Democratic Republic ’s state broadcaster .
In the West , it infiltrated German broadcasters and tried to plant misinformation .
But while the Stasi did manage to slip a few misleading reports into the West German media , the report finds that it did not influence programing or personnel decisions .
“ The Stasi acquired a broad overview of the structures and personnel of ARD channels but still did not understand how a public broadcaster works in a democracy , ” the report said .
ARD said it hopes the exhaustive , independent study can be used as a model for other former Communist countries that want to investigate the role of state propaganda .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
Prof. Rodrigue Tremblay
Global Research
December 18 , 2008
" In a crisis , discount and discount heavily .
" Walter Bagehot ( 1826 -1877 ) , British economist " I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies .
Already they have raised up a monied aristocracy that has set the government at defiance .
The issuing power ( of money ) should be taken away from the banks and restored to the people to whom it properly belongs . "
Thomas Jefferson ( 1743-1826 ) , 3rd U.S. President .
" By this means [ printing money ] government may secretly and unobserved , confiscate the wealth of the people , and not one man in a million will detect the theft . "
John Maynard Keynes ( 1883 -1946 ) , British economist
On December 16 ( 2008 ) , the Bernanke Fed took the most unusual step of lowering the overnight inter - bank lending rate , the federal funds rate , to a level never reached before , i.e. zero percent with an upside limit of 0.25 percent .
It also announced that it will buy “ large quantities of ” mortgage - backed securities and is considering doing the same thing with Treasury bonds of longer maturities , in order to lower the entire yield curve .
What it did not say explicitly is that the Fed is ready to debase the U.S. dollar to artificially low levels in order to reflate the U.S. economy .
What the Fed wants is to trigger monetary inflation and change deflation expectations at all costs through large - scale debt monetisation and thus floating excess debts in a sea of newly created money .
Overall , what the Fed has done , in effect , is to announce that it is suspending the normal functioning of private credit and capital markets , according to supply and demand , and has decided to micro-manage such failing markets for the foreseeable future , that is to say as long as deflationary pressures , in its own view , persist in the U.S. economy .
The Fed is also taking big chunks of ownership in large private U.S. banks in order to recapitalize them and to let them deleverage themselves in an orderly way .
People may want to know why the Fed went to that “ socialist ” extreme and what will be the financial and economic intended and unintended consequences ?
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
First of all , let ’s keep in mind that the Fed is the only central bank in the world that is partly public - owned and partly private - owned .
Bankers sitting on the Fed board can make decisions to lend new money to themselves at whatever rate they choose .
The entire American financial and fiscal system is run by bankers , either at the Fed or at the Treasury .
Indeed , beginning on January 20 ( 2009 ) , the Obama administration ’s Treasury Secretary will be the current president of the New York Fed , Mr. Timothy Geithner , who will be replacing Secretary Henry Paulson , himself a former CEO of the Wall Street investment bank Goldman Sachs .
Although the U.S. President initiates and Congress approves the nominations of the seven members ( currently only five in exercise ) of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors ( for a 14 - year term ) , the de facto managing of the Fed is left to bankers .
This is done through the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) which implements monetary policy through open market operations and other discounting policies and discount loans .
It is comprised of the seven members of the Board of Governors and five presidents of the twelve Federal Reserve District Banks .
The Chairman of the Fed Board is also the Chairman of the FOMC .
The President of the New York Fed is always on the FOMC and acts as its Vice Chairman .
[ The remaining 4 fed member slots are shared and rotated among the remaining 11 District Banks .
In fact , the presidents of all twelve Federal Reserve District Banks are present at the FOMC meetings , but only five are enabled to vote at any given time .
But , since members of the Fed board often originate from the regional Fed banks or from private banks , bankers are often in the majority in deciding American monetary policy . ]
Secondly , by taking over private financial markets , the Fed is , in effect , covering its own mistakes ( and those of the SEC and of the U.S. Treasury ) for having allowed the building up of a shaky pyramid of asset - backed securities ( ABS ) , not the least being the toxic mortgage - backed securities , and the gambling - prone credit default swaps ( CDS ) , that has been crumbling to the ground .
It is my feeling that the Fed , by creating a bond bubble , at this time is only postponing the day of reckoning and is buying time .
When the bond bubble bursts , and believe me , it will burst , as all bubbles do , this will push the U.S. economy further down .
For instance , when this happens , many capitalized pension funds could fail and many retirees could be then pushed toward poverty .
Future spikes in interest rates will hurt investments and damage the economy even more .
Meanwhile , a bout of competing currency devaluations has been launched , since other governments and other central banks will have to try to debase their own currencies if they want to avoid importing the worst of the U.S. economic downturn .
This will be reminiscent of what happened during the 1930s economic depression .
Not a pretty perspective for the future of fiat currencies .
It seems that the Fed has an uncanny talent for creating financial and economic bubbles .
In the late 1990s , after the Asian financial crisis and after the near failure of the hedge fund Long - Term Capital Management ( LTCM ) , in September 1998 , the Greenspan Fed flooded the U.S. economy with liquidity and created the 2000 tech bubble .
The same Greenspan Fed aggressively lowered the Federal Funds rate from 6.5 percent to 1 percent in 2004 , thus paving the way to the worst housing bubble in American history .
Now , the Bernanke Fed is at it again , and , by lowering the federal funds rate to close to zero and by announcing that it stands ready to monetize U.S.
Treasury debt , it is actively blowing into what has the appearance of one of the worst bond bubbles ever .
Of course , the Fed has bestowed so much money on banks in exchange for their bad debts while the banks themselves are unwilling to lend , that U.S. banks ’ excess reserves at the Fed have exploded to more than half a trillion ( November ’ 08 ) , which is ten times what is required .
This is a sign that the U.S. economy is currently in a liquidity trap .
There is a lot of money in the system , but it is not circulating .
The velocity of money is down .
In such a situation of excess liquidity , when the Fed creates more liquidity , it is like pushing on a string .
Therefore , by lowering short - term interest rates to close to zero , the Fed is helping itself before helping others , since it will be paying less interest on Banks ’ excess reserves , most of which came from the Fed anyhow .
Some of the excess liquidity can spill into the stock market and lift all boats for a while .
However , the true test of the Fed ’s recent desperate move will be if banks increase their lending .
We shall know in due course .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I voted the good ol ’ fashioned way today — in person at my Oakland polling station ( though a day early to beat tomorrow ’s chaos ) .
I was nervous when I saw the nightmarish line at Alameda County Courthouse , but surprisingly , I got out in about an hour fairly unruffled .
The place was fully staffed , the line efficient , and the mood upbeat .
A guy quipped , “ Obama better appreciate this , ” as he dutifully made his way to the back .
Not a whiff of the tension that riot police and SWAT teams are gearing up for tomorrow in Oakland — a phenomenon that , strangely , has n’t been very widely reported .
Troubling , considering that it ’s happening mostly in cities with large black populations like Atlanta and Chicago .
— Nichole Wong
Ben Affleck as Keith Olbermann in Saturday Night Live
Ben Affleck is hosting Saturday Night Live tonight with Presidential candidate John McCain making a cameo on the popular comedy show .
Ben Affleck plays Keith Olbermann in a controversial SNL skit which portrays him as a “ deranged person living at home with his mother . ”
This is the fourth time that Ben Affleck has hosted SNL .
John McCain hosted Saturday Night Live in 2002 and made numerous cameo appearances .
John McCain ’s appearance just before the November 4th elections might give him a little push , which he really needs according to the latest polls .
For those who do n’t know Keith Olbermann , he ’s an American sportscaster , news anchor , and political commentator .
He hosts Countdown with Keith Olbermann .
The Motorola RAZR ’s reign at the top has finally come to an end .
After three years of being the highest selling handset , it has now ceded the top spot to the iPhone according to data from NPD .
The RAZR had been the highest selling phone over the past 12 quarters , but during the third quarter of this year , it moved down to number 2 as the iPhone moved into the top spot .
Ross Rubin , an industry analyst from NPD , had this to say :
“ The displacement of the RAZR by the iPhone 3G represents a watershed shift in handset design from fashion to fashionable functionality .
Four of the five best - selling handsets in the third quarter were optimized for messaging and other advanced Internet features . ”
The top selling phones during the third quarter of 2008 are as follows :
1. iPhone 3G
2. Motorola RAZR
3. Blackberry Curve
4. LG Rumor
5. LG enV2
Cookie policy
In order to continually improve our website , we collect non-personal data through cookies .
By continuing to use the website you are accepting the use of these cookies .
Please read our cookie policy for more information .
UPDATE : I received this email from Urban Outfitters .
The charges that we discontinued the t- shirt because of pressure from proponents of Proposition 8 are false .
We ’re a company that has always embraced diversity .
In fact our designers are currently working on a t - shirt in support of same sex marriage .
Proceeds from its sales will be donated to a legal fund supporting the civil rights of the gay and lesbian community .
If you require additional assistance , please feel free to email us at service@urbanoutfitters.com .
Sincerely ,
Ana Pressley
Urban Outfitters Customer Service
Urban Outfitters E-Contact Form .
Customer Service ( 800 ) 959-8794
Well , I do n't know if the pulling of the shirt was related to proposition 8 or not , but I do see it as suspicious .
Nonetheless thanks for taking action , it seems they are hearing us out and that good may come out of this fiasco .
12/13/08 : The trendy clothing retailer Urban Outfitters pulled a T - shirt with a pro-marriage equality message within days of the item first appearing in stores and at the company ’s web site .
A buyer for Urban Outfitters told shirt deigner Tara Littman of Supprt Shirts that the item had garnered " too much bad press , " although New York Magazine said that Littman , looking into the matter for herself , was able to identify only one blog item as expressing a negative opinion about the shirt .
( Wicked Gay Blog
Interesting to note , Good as
You has posted an image showing an impartial list of CEO Richard Hayne 's campaign contributions .
Next on the queer boycott list ?
" We report , you decide " ;)
A price war in Australia 's mortgage market is underway with National Australia Bank ( NAB ) today following ANZ and Aussie Home Loans in reducing its interest rates on home loans .
NAB announced it was dropping the interest rate on its standard variable home loan by 20 basis points to 8.36 per cent .
The cut will also apply to business loans and some rates on fixed mortgages will be reduced by 30 basis points , the bank said in a statement .
NAB 's one - year fixed home loan has been cut by 30 basis points to 6.99 per cent .
Policy measures taken by the Federal Government earlier this month have had a positive impact on the credit market , enabling the bank 's funding costs to fall , Ahmed Fahour , executive director and chief executive of NAB 's Australian operations said .
" We welcome this new development and anticipate that we will see some relief in the significantly higher premium we are currently paying for wholesale funds .
" Should this be the case , then we hope to be in a position where we can pass on further interest rate cuts to our customers , " he said .
NAB 's announcement came hot on the heels of Aussie Home Loan 's decision yesterday to drop its rate on variable home loans for first home buyers by 30 basis points to 7.79 per cent .
Aussie Home Loans reduced interest rates for fixed home loans and will review its loan rates for new and existing customers in line with its funding requirements , managing director John Symond said .
On Friday , ANZ lowered the interest rate on its standard variable home loan by 25 basis points to 8.32 per cent for new and existing customers , effective from Monday , October 27 .
ANZ 's move was the first move to rates independent of the Reserve Bank by a banking institution in over a decade .
Rates on standard variable mortgages from Australia 's major lenders in the banking sector now stand at 8.32 per cent at ANZ , 8.36 per cent at National Australia Bank , 8.53 per cent at Commonwealth Bank , 8.56 per cent at Westpac , 8.57 per cent at St George Bank , and 8.6 per cent at Bendigo and Adelaide Bank .
Australia 's major lenders in the banking sector reduced their variable home loan rates on October 7 in reaction to the RBA 's surprise 100 basis point rate cut , and said further cuts would be dependent upon their funding costs from offshore wholesale money markets .
Today , Goldman 's chief economist Tim Toohey said the US commercial paper markets - where banks source much of their funding - had improved which would see banks ' funding costs fall , allowing them to pass on a greater proportion of future RBA rate cuts .
" There 's a very important development that 's occurring in terms of opening up of the commercial paper markets in the US , " he said .
" If those spreads start to come in , we actually do think that the spreads that matter for the banks or the banking system will in time start to come down as well .
" So [ the banks ] have held a little bit back ... as we move forward from here , we see a smaller case for them to actually continue to hold back . "
- AAP
The tonsils and lymphoid tissues in the intestinal tract that help protect the body from external pathogens are the home base of a rare immune cell newly identified by researchers at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis .
The researchers indicate that the immune cells could have a therapeutic role in inflammatory bowel diseases ( IBD ) such as Crohn ’s disease and ulcerative colitis .
Their report will appear in an upcoming issue of the journal Nature and is currently available through advanced online publication .
“ These cells have an anti-inflammatory effect , ” says the article ’s lead author Marina Cella , M.D. , research associate professor of pathology and immunology .
“ In the gut , we have beneficial bacteria , and it ’s important that the body does not recognize them as something detrimental and start an inflammatory reaction , which could ultimately promote tissue damage and inflammatory or autoimmune diseases such as IBD .
The cells we ’ve discovered are important for keeping such harmful inflammatory processes in check . ”
The cells are a type of natural killer ( NK ) cells , which are white blood cells classically known to eliminate tumor cells and cells infected by viruses .
Because of their killer tendencies , NK cells are carefully controlled and do n’t act until they receive the right signal .
Some of the signals that activate the newly discovered cells are the same signals that turn on a different immune cell with strong inflammatory properties that can promote cell death and tissue damage if chronically active .
But the anti-inflammatory cells , termed NK - 22 cells , that the Washington University researchers discovered have the opposite effect — they promote cell proliferation and wound healing .
“ That finding suggests that these cells play a role in maintaining a balance in the immune system between inflammatory processes and anti-inflammatory processes , ” says coauthor Jason Mills , M.D. , Ph.D. , assistant professor of pathology and immunology and of developmental biology .
“ They make sure that factors that turn up inflammation can be counteracted by the coordinated activation of anti-inflammatory effects . ”
The NK - 22 cells are part of the innate immune system , which reacts quickly to invading pathogens .
The researchers found that in response to immune signals warning of foreign invaders , the cells produce copious quantities of a compound called IL - 22 , which is why the researchers chose to name them NK - 22 cells .
“ NK - 22 cells are already present in the mucosal tissue of the gastrointestinal tract , and as soon as they see a pathogen , they react , ” Cella says .
“ That is a great advantage to the body because it produces a protective response in the very first hours of pathogenic attack . ”
Now that immunologists know NK - 22 cells exist and what immune factors influence them , they may be able to capitalize on them to treat a variety of inflammatory diseases , the researchers say .
“ Diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease result from a defect in the intestine ’s protective barrier , ” says senior author Marco Colonna , M.D. , professor of pathology and immunology .
“ If we can develop methods to culture NK - 22 cells , we may be able to use them to promote healing and protect the gastrointestinal tract . ”
Cella M , Fuchs A , Vermi W , Facchetti F , Otero K , Lennerz JKM , Doherty JS , Mills JC , Colonna M. A human natural killer cell subset provides an innate source of IL - 22 for mucosal immunity .
Nature .
Nov. 2 , 2008 ( advance online publication ) .
Funding from the National Institutes of Health and the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases supported this research .
Washington University School of Medicine ’s 2,100 employed and volunteer faculty physicians also are the medical staff of Barnes - Jewish and St. Louis Children ’s hospitals .
The School of Medicine is one of the leading medical research , teaching and patient care institutions in the nation , currently ranked third in the nation by U.S. News & World Report .
Through its affiliations with Barnes - Jewish and St. Louis Children ’s hospitals , the School of Medicine is linked to BJC HealthCare .
" She was purring and sticking her head up so we could pet her , " Ms Kendrick said .
" She even tried to chew at her skin .
I 'd never seen anything like it . "
My favorite photosynthetic organism has finally made it to the bigtime .
Continental Airlines announced yesterday that Sapphire Energy will supply algae - based biofuel for the first biofuel - powered test flight of a US commercial airliner next month .
Biofuel - based flights are a necessity for the suffering airline industry , as fuel makes up two - fifths of airlines ' expenses .
Continental 's passenger - less flight will use a mix of traditional jet fuel , jatropha - based fuel , and algae - based fuel .
Sapphire Energy is supplying algae from a Hawaiian firm called Cyanotech for the flight .
The algae will be converted to fatty oils and refined before it heads to the Continental fuel tank .
A company called Terrasol will supply the jatropha - based biofuel .
While Continental 's flight is a first for the US , Virgin Atlantic was the first airline to perform a biofuel - powered test flight .
Last February , a Virgin Boeing 747-400 flew from London to Amsterdam using a mix of coconut and babbasu oil - based biofuel and traditional jet fuel .
In the last 60 days or so , the government has put something like $ 7 trillion ( that it does n't have ) at risk to “ save the economy ” .
Many consider the “ $ 7 trillion ” number “ exaggerated ” , but when you also consider ( as just one example ) that deposits covered by the FDIC were increased 150 % to $ 250,000 and that there was a mad rush for unstable brokerage houses to qualify as “ banks ” so that their investors would be covered by FDIC , then the $ 7 trillion becomes very plausible .
Oh , and the FDIC in its last annual report of September 30 , 2007 ( 2008 is n't out yet ) showed only about $ 6 billion of cash or cash equivalent reserves insuring over $ 4 trillion in deposits !
The rest of its $ 53 billion in assets was in “ government securities ” .
Can we say “ duped ” .
Do n't Count on the FDIC !
On November 23rd , the government authorized guarantees of $ 300 billion to our largest bank !
Is n't it interesting that these backroom deals we find so offensive seem to take place in the wee hours of the weekend when no one is watching ?
On the following Tuesday , another $ 600 was authorized to buy up troubled mortgages .
What happened to the $ 700 billion October bailout passed against the will of the people ?
Now Big Auto wants $ 34 billion to build cars that people can't afford even if they really wanted them .
Never mind what the Wall Street Journal calls “ gold - plated benefits The Big Three paid UAW members about $ 75 an hour in wages , compared with $ 45 an hour or less for non-U.S. auto makers “ .
Never mind the “ jobs bank ” which paid employees near full wages and benefits while laid off .
Mrs. Pelosi on December 2nd was clear about Big Auto doing it her way or not at all .
Is that Socialism or Communism ?
I understand that the state governments are proposing a $ 130 + billion Federal bailout package to relieve them of their anticipated shortfalls .
Now President - Elect Obama is talking about a $ 500 – $ 700 billion economic stimulus package to create 2.5 million jobs providing services to the government ala Mr. Roosevelt .
I am discouraged to find more and more ( what I thought were ) level - headed “ persons of influence ” supporting this nonsense .
The flaw in all this is that we fail to create wealth .
We strive as individuals and as a society to be prosperous .
Wealth creates prosperity but freedom creates wealth .
To be prosperous , we must have the freedom to gain or lose wealth .
That freedom , given to us by our Constitution , in 200 years , created more prosperity ( AND respect AND charity ) than the previous 5,000 years combined !
Now , we find ourselves in a position where we are about to forfeit that freedom and prosperity .
Government has the obligation and authority to relieve us of a bit of our wealth , WITH OUR PERMISSION , to provide services for us .
In doing so , it creates no wealth , which , by the way , is why the “ service economy ” is a myth .
Wealth is created when one purchases a good or service with his or her own resources and free - will , not when it is done under force of law or with resources of another .
Simply put , over time , government has created trillions of dollars of false prosperity under force of law and creation of debt , both public and private .
Many say that we must stabilize housing .
How do we create wealth in a housing market driven by easy , irrational debt ?
The only solutions are to 1 ) create more easy , irrational debt or 2 ) let the market determine its value unadulterated by government .
How do we create wealth in an automobile industry whose consumers were funded by easy , irrational debt ?
How do we create wealth in a stock market driven by tax incentives and easy , irrational debt ?
Many say we must create jobs .
How do we create jobs that do n't create wealth ?
Many say debt drives capitalism .
NOT !
Profit drives capitalism , plain and simple , however when debt is encouraged or sponsored under force of law , well , you get the picture .
When profit becomes subject to confiscation , then capitalism , wealth and prosperity grind to a halt .
Many say we are witnessing the end and failure of capitalism .
This is possible , but not without the fatal intrusion of socialism .
With ( just ) Federal debt approaching $ 11 trillion ( $ 33,000 per breathing American ) , unfunded Federal entitlements approaching maybe another $ 42 trillion ( $ 125,000 per breathing American ) , one must wonder if we can recover .
Is it not obvious that more government is the wrong answer ?
Oh well , this should come as no surprise .
Our situation can be summed up in a quote attributed to Alexander Tytler , though never found in any of his writings as follows :
“ A democracy will continue to exist up until the time that voters discover that they can vote themselves generous gifts from the public treasury .
From that moment on , the majority always votes for the candidates who promise the most benefits from the public treasury , with the result that every democracy will finally collapse due to loose fiscal policy . ”
Authors Holly Black ( " The Spiderwick Chronicles " ) and Justine Larbalestier ( " Magic or Madness " trilogy ) announced yesterday , with no small degree of glee , that they will be editing a zombies versus unicorns anthology for young adults .
Simon & Schuster is publishing , and it should hit shelves in 2010 .
On her blog , Larbalestier makes clear that she 's on TEAM ZOMBIE :
Yes , there will be lots of different kinds of zombies .
Not just your regular Romero types .
I have no idea about the uni***n side of things .
I doubt there ’s more than one kind .
And if there is , who cares ?
Oh , them 's fighting words .
Black tries to take the high road — almost .
Through the power of storytelling , it will soon be obvious which makes for better fiction .
Unicorns will finally have their day of victory .
Or zombies .
I guess .
Science fiction website io9 has doubts about the narrative possibilities of both genres .
I think the real difference is that unicorn fans take their ethereal creature quite seriously , while zombie fans hold very little holy , which makes them seem like more fun .
For example , the above Zombie Pope was photographed at Calgary 's Third Annual Zombie Walk last year , attended by hundreds who lurched about in ripped and bloodied clothing , mouths agape , startling passersby ( fun ! ) .
On the other hand , the elusive unicorn — here , in a Second Life sim — is rarely depicted without mystic mist or a glowing rainbow ( serious ) .
But maybe the myth of the unicorn , because it 's been so narrowly defined , will have more room to grow .
In the end , it 'll be how well the stories are told that make all the difference .
For now , that 's still a mystery — the ( closed ) contributor list is under wraps — oh shoot , that 's a mummy reference .
— Carolyn Kellogg
Zombie photo by Robert Thivierge and unicorn picture by lacie babenco via Flickr .
«
Before Hugh Hefner ’s Daughter is Out at Playboy
A shocking story , found in the court house records of a county in
Arizona , and evidence of a frighteningly sick person at work .
Men's HOTLINE : 512-472-3237 : men@menhotline.org
-------
A crisis line for men
------- 807 Brazos , Suite 315 : Austin , Texas 78701
A service of the Men's Health Network : Washington , D.C. On Tue , 9 Apr 1996 , Robert A. Hirschfeld wrote :
The closest I came to a Munchhausen - by - proxy in my former law practice was a
father in Tucson , whose ex-wife squirted “ ointment ” containing semen
( probably gathered from a used condom ) into their 5 - year - old son ’s rectum , and
demanded the hospital take “ rape kit ” swabs , to falsely accuse the father
of molestation .
Ultimately , the father got sole custody and the mentally ill
mother got supervised visitation .
( 1992 )
Our expert witness on Munchhausen was Phoenix Psychiatrist Otto Bendheim .
Date : Tue , 9 Apr 1996 10:54:01 - 0500 ( CDT ) From : " Men's HOTLINE " < men@menhotline.org >
Subject : Munchausen's Syndrome - Reply To : " Men's HOTLINE " < men@menhotline.org >
A cogent analysis of a perplexing abuse problem .
Men's HOTLINE : 512-472-3237 : men@menhotline.org
-------
A crisis line for men
------- 807 Brazos , Suite 315 : Austin , Texas 78701
A service of the Men's Health Network : Washington , D.C. ----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 9 Apr 1996 11:24:11 - 0400 ( EDT ) From : Men's Health Network < mensnet@capaccess.org >
----------
Forwarded message ----------
Date : Tue , 9 Apr 1996 09:42:24 +1000 From : Michael Ryan To : Multiple recipients of list ABUSE-L ; < abuse-l@ubvm.cc.buffalo.edu >
Subject : Munchausen's Syndrome - Reply </abuse-l@ubvm.cc.buffalo.edu ></mensnet@capaccess.org ></men@menhotline.org ></men@menhotline.org >
Re Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy .
MSBP was described in the mid eighties by Professor Meadows an english
Pediatrician .
He wrote about the situation where a parent , usually the
mother , fabricated illness in the child which resulted in extensive
invasive medical investigations which found no medical cause for the
condition .
For example a child would be presented with blood in its urine .
A whole
series of invasive tests would be negative .
When the child was separated
from the mother the sympotoms would not occur .
The mother presents the sick child in order to obtain attention to herself .
MSBP is a a serious form of child abuse , with a high mortality and high
morbidity .
Dr. Michael Ryan
The new Children ’s Hospital
Sydney Australia
Courtesy Men’s HOTLINE .
World Time Map United States Time Map
California wildfires today
Generalized time zones are often called by their generic name , without making a difference between standard time and Daylight Saving Time .
Click here for your FREE USA CLOCK
With the economy in a downward spiral and Christmas just eight days away , we at GeekDad headquarters are here to help you decide on what gifts to get every member of your geekly gang .
Unless you 're lucky enough to win one of our awesome free give - aways during our 12 Days of Geekmas , chances are you 'll need to actually pay for your presents this year .
I already posted a list of 10 Geeky Gifts Under $ 10 , but maybe the geek in your life is more interested in science fiction than totally awesome super - powered magnets ?
In the interest of saving you both time and money , here are 10 Geeky Gifts Under $ 10 for the SF Geek .
1. Wesley Crusher Action Figure -
Once it was cool to poke fun at the young , nerdy , sweatered one .
But now ?
Uncle Willie is an icon , man .
For $ 1.99 you can let your geek rescue the Enterprise every day of the week !
( And while you 're at it , scoop up the rest of the crew , too ! )
2. The Imperial Stormtrooper Keychain - I know what you 're thinking .
Did he just do what I think he did ?
Did he link a Wars gift right after a Trek gift ?
You 're damn right he did .
Come on , admit it .
You always wanted some crossover action .
Just buy a Wesley action figure along with the Stormtrooper keychain and see who wins !
( Answer : Wesley .
Storm Troopers can't hit the broad side of a Mon Calamari cruiser . )
For a paltry $ 4.49 , you 'll be hard pressed to find a better deal .
3. Stephen Hawking 's Universe - Although you can get A Brief History of Time for under $ 10 used , this is a great companion piece to be read in conjunction .
At $ 5.99 , you 'll still have some money left over for Wesley , too .
Or Worf .
Whatever .
Hit the jump for 7 more cheap geeky gifts !
4 . The Audubon Society 's Pocket Guide to the Stars - Sure , there are plenty of planets beyond our solar system — but how about knowing the ones we can see here from earth first ?
This pocket guide is n't only priced right at $ 9.95 , but is small enough to take anywhere — or to store in a glovebox .
5. Battlestar Galactica Minimates Cylon Warrior -
For tough days at the office , set this little one up to survey the premises for any bandits .
Better than DRADIS .
6. Manos the Hands of Fate DVD - Okay , so technically the film itself is n't science fiction , but it did inspire one of the best episodes of MST3K in existence .
For less than $ 8.00 you can watch the entire film , in its entire entirety , entirely at your own home .
Which I 'm sure if a form of torture in some countries .
Original , uncut .
Buy it or the Master will not be pleased .
7. Window cling planets - Applications ?
Anywhere and everywhere .
I personally think these would look best on the window of your car , but that 's me .
For $ 1.99 , this " toy " will certainly add an otherworldly feel to any space .
__8 . __I Want to Believe poster -
No sf geek 's room is complete without this iconic item .
Enough said .
9. Retro Robot Ornament -
While I 'm usually a little hesitant to list a holiday item for a holiday gift list , this robot changed my mind .
I 'm not sure if it 's the dial on its front or the strange , metallic grin on his face , but the form seems perfectly suited for the " Olde worlde " style .
10 . Space Ship Oil Warmer - Contrary to popular belief , many geeks — and especially GeekDads via their insistent partners — appreciate good smells .
But finding the right method can be tricky .
Enter the space ship oil warmer !
A few drops of essential oils in the top of this little beaut and you 're warp speed to sweet scents .
Of course , if the stock market plunge did n't leave you penniless , you can always drop some Benjis on 10 Ridiculously Expensive Geeky Holiday Gifts , and there 's always the rest of our GeekDad Holiday Gift Guide to ensure that your loved ones get really excited about their stocking fare this year :
# 1 : Kids ' Books & Activities
# 2 : Dads ' Books & Activities
# 3 : Kids ' Gadgets & Video Games
# 4 : GeekMoms !
# 5 : Toys for Dads & Kids to Share
# 6 : Kids ' Games & Building Sets
# 7 : The Ultimate Dad List
When you tap into creativity , coffee and cigs become your life blood .
You keep nutrigrain bars and cereal boxes nearby to fend off the caffeine jitters .
It ’s the one time you hate that you cant smoke in your apartment .
You have a special set of songs on your playlist for just such moments .
You find a song that strikes a chord with your creativity , set it to loop .
You never touch those songs when you ’re feeling normal .
They ’re sacred .
Your bowels tremble from your surge in poor diet .
Using the bathroom is an inconvenience , an unwelcome intermission .
You hold it as long as you can , to ensure you dont lose your existentialism .
The TV is on , set to a channel you dont pay any attention .
The voices and flicker of light keep you grounded to reality .
The curtains are closed and only a dim light illuminates the room .
The graphite smudges as you furiously place your hand all over your drawing .
The drawing becomes something different than what it started out to be .
An evolution of consciousness and being , reflected on paper .
You lost count of how many cigs were left half a pack ago .
The wind blows your hair as you smoke your cigarette slowly .
You have every thought and no thought , only an urge to get back into your apartment , your sanctuary .
You pick a new song on your playlist , but it only distracts you .
It isnt helping you to tap into the vein of consciousness streaming from mind to hand to paper .
A moment later you go back to the previous song .
Relaxation .
It ’s perfectly you .
What sparked this streak ?
Your dreams the previous night ?
Maybe it was styling your hair differently , maybe it was because you finally had a day off .
In the end , you are entranced .
The picture nearly complete .
You cant start something new .
You keep fixing the drawing , making it perfect , so you can stay in your thoughts .
Too many smudges on the picture .
Erasing those will keep you in No Mind a few minutes longer .
Something entrances you about the instant coffee string hanging from your cup .
Another sip , and you miss , spilling it all over your tattered jeans .
Maybe it was your jeans that sparked this feeling .
It ’s heresy to the creativity gods , but you dont allow it to effect you .
Stay focused , dont let the hot coffee against your leg take you from this perfection .
No Gods , no masters .
Suddenly , a memory .
You had a bike stolen , in another life .
A dream life .
Why the hell would you need a bike ?
Unfortunately that thought hadnt occurred to you in the dream .
You strive for lucidity while asleep , but its unattainable , a breeze on your cig ’s hot ember .
Bend like bamboo .
Become a river .
Flex / flow .
These alien concepts , are now being directly experienced .
Turn states into traits .
The previous show ends , another begins .
Sad , I wish I had followed the Soprano ’s while it was still on .
A rerun you ’ve never seen , and arent paying enough attention to enjoy .
Note to self , torrent all Soprano ’s seasons .
Another cig .
Your downstairs neighbor walks by , smiling at you .
A fake smile returned .
Fuck ’em , they ’re a distraction .
Come back when you ’re feeling creative , cause you ’re fucking up my chi .
The house is too messy , you should really clean it .
Not now , im busy discovering Oneness .
National Geographic channel yearning for me to care about starving children .
Maybe later .
I ’m too busy malnourishing myself .
Yeah , $ 5 a day aint much to most , but thats a pack of cigs you wont have the cash to smoke .
A text message , and a phone call , both ignored .
I ’m busy .
Adding a poster and a man prying open his third eye to the drawing .
Buddhist chants on the wall .
Maybe this is a dream , and I am finally lucid dreaming .
I wont test it to find out .
I ’m busy .
You forgot deodorant this morning , and the summer heat is reminding you of your need for it .
Your lip curls as you erase another mistake .
No time for mistakes .
Your moustache reeks .
Did you brush your teeth ?
Another trip to the bathroom .
Not enough arms to piss , brush your teeth , and put on antiperspirant .
Dont wanna hit the seat .
Wiping it off would waste time .
No time for mistakes .
Minty breath subsides quickly with the constant gulps of coffee .
A minute and thirty seconds for another cup .
Makes you wish you had a coffee pot instead of these instant singles .
It gives you just enough time to get grounded to reality .
Good thing you showered earlier .
No time for a cleansing rain .
Typing on your keyboard .
Graphite under your gnarled fingernails .
You wanna change the song so badly , strike another vein of consciousness , start another picture .
A blog will suffice for now .
The hollywood theme from a vampire first - person shooter .
It cradles you , and entrances you .
Everything and nothing .
No Mind , and Every Mind .
IBS flaring up .
Gotta hold it , keep grounded to the existential , the infinite , the universal …
Cowling et al. report how to build muscle mass with FHL1 .
The protein partners with and activates the transcription factor , NFATc1 .
Encouraging this partnership might provide a possible treatment for muscle wasting disorders .
The article will appear in the December 15 , 2008 issue of The Journal of Cell Biology ( JCB ) .
Mutations in FHL1 are present in several myopathies , including reducing - body myopathy ( RBM ) , but until now , both the molecular mechanisms causing the disease , and the regular function of FHL1 in healthy tissue , remained unknown .
To address this , Cowling et al. overexpressed FHL1 in both transgenic mice and cultured myoblasts .
The mice developed skeletal muscle hypertrophy , and showed increased strength and endurance .
Overexpression in myoblasts also increased cell fusion , resulting in hypertrophic myotubes .
These phenotypes are similar to those caused by the calcineurin / NFAT pathway and , indeed , inhibiting calcineurin blocked the effects of FHL1 overexpression in vitro .
The authors showed that FHL1 binds to and enhances the transcriptional activity of NFATc1 in vitro and in vivo .
So what goes wrong when FHL1 is mutated ?
In RBM , mutant FHL1 accumulates in cytoplasmic aggregates called reducing bodies , probably as a result of misfolding .
When these mutants were expressed in cultured myoblasts , they also aggregated , and did not induce hypertrophy .
Cowling and colleagues found that NFATc1 was sequestered to the aggregates , and was therefore unable to activate its target genes .
###
About The Journal of Cell Biology
Founded in 1955 , The Journal of Cell Biology ( JCB ) is published by the Rockefeller University Press .
All editorial decisions on manuscripts submitted are made by active scientists .
JCB content is posted to PubMed Central , where it is available to the public for free six months after publication .
Authors retain copyright of their published works and third parties may reuse the content for non-commercial purposes under a creative commons license .
For more information , please visit www.jcb.org.
Cowling , B.S. , et al. 2008 .
J. Cell Biol .
doi:10.1083/jcb.200804077 .
The Global Crash Saving What Can Still Be Saved
The global financial crisis has also started to hit countries once thought to be immune from it , like China , Russia and the Gulf States .
The International Monetary Fund believes the worst is yet to come .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
The Creation of the Second Great Depression
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
Whenever a Great Bipartisan Consensus is announced , and a compliant media assures everyone that the wondrous actions of our wise leaders are being taken for our own good , you can know with absolute certainty that disaster is about to strike .
The events of the past week are no exception .
The bailout package that is about to be rammed down Congress ’ throat is not just economically foolish .
It is downright sinister .
It makes a mockery of our Constitution , which our leaders should never again bother pretending is still in effect .
It promises the American people a never - ending nightmare of ever - greater debt liabilities they will have to shoulder .
Two weeks ago , financial analyst Jim Rogers said the bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac made America more communist than China !
" This is welfare for the rich , " he said .
" This is socialism for the rich .
It ’s bailing out the financiers , the banks , the Wall Streeters . "
That describes the current bailout package to a T .
And we ’re being told it ’s unavoidable .
The claim that the market caused all this is so staggeringly foolish that only politicians and the media could pretend to believe it .
But that has become the conventional wisdom , with the desired result that those responsible for the credit bubble and its predictable consequences — predictable , that is , to those who understand sound , Austrian economics — are being let off the hook .
The Federal Reserve System is actually positioning itself as the savior , rather than the culprit , in this mess !
The Treasury Secretary is authorized to purchase up to $ 700 billion in mortgage - related assets at any one time .
That means $ 700 billion is only the very beginning of what will hit us .
Financial institutions are " designated as financial agents of the Government . "
This is the New Deal to end all New Deals .
Then there ’s this : " Decisions by the Secretary pursuant to the authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion , and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency . "
Translation : the Secretary can buy up whatever junk debt he wants to , burden the American people with it , and be subject to no one in the process .
There goes your country .
Even some so - called free - market economists are calling all this " sadly necessary . "
Sad , yes .
Necessary ?
Do n’t make me laugh .
Our one - party system is complicit in yet another crime against the American people .
The two major party candidates for president themselves initially indicated their strong support for bailouts of this kind — another example of the big choice we ’re supposedly presented with this November : yes or yes .
Now , with a backlash brewing , they ’re not quite sure what their views are .
A sad display , really .
Although the present bailout package is almost certainly not the end of the political atrocities we ’ll witness in connection with the crisis , time is short .
Congress may vote as soon as tomorrow .
With a Rasmussen poll finding support for the bailout at an anemic seven percent , some members of Congress are afraid to vote for it .
Call them !
Let them hear from you !
Tell them you will never vote for anyone who supports this atrocity .
The issue boils down to this : do we care about freedom ?
Do we care about responsibility and accountability ?
Do we care that our government and media have been bought and paid for ?
Do we care that average Americans are about to be looted in order to subsidize the fattest of cats on Wall Street and in government ?
Do we care ?
When the chips are down , will we stand up and fight , even if it means standing up against every stripe of fashionable opinion in politics and the media ?
Times like these have a way of telling us what kind of a people we are , and what kind of country we shall be .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
“ This has got to be one very , very relieved penguin .
Probably thinking something along the lines of “ I do n’t know if these strange creatures in the black rubber iceberg will eat me , but I KNOW the things in the water will eat me ! ”
is planning to remake ‘s 1967 comedy “ ” with himself in the lead role .
He is reportedly in talks to resurrect the work of late comic Peter Sellers .
“ The Bobo ” starred Peter Sellers as matador Juan Bautista and Britt Ekland as his love interest .
Carell would like Eva Mendes to star opposite him in the new version of the comedy as Olimpia Segura .
“ Carell is a huge Sellers fan , and this is one of his favourite movies .
Seeing him in a matador outfit with a Spanish Castilian accent could be very funny . ”
Here ’s an achievement — in 1936 Buckminster Fuller explained Einstein ’s theory of relativity in a telegram :
EINSTEIN ’S FORMULA DETERMINATION INDIVIDUAL SPECIFICS
RELATIVITY READS QUOTE ENERGY EQUALS MASS TIMES THE SPEED OF LIGHT SQUARED UNQUOTE SPEED OF LIGHT IDENTICAL SPEED ALL RADIATION COSMIC GAMMA X ULTRA VIOLET INFRA RED RAYS ETCETERA ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY SIX THOUSAND MILES PER SECOND WHICH SQUARED IS TOP OR PERFECT SPEED GIVING SCIENCE A FINITE VALUE FOR BASIC FACTOR IN MOTION UNIVERSE STOP SPEED OF RADIANT ENERGY BEING DIRECTIONAL OUTWARD ALL DIRECTIONS EXPANDING WAVE SURFACE DIAMETRIC POLAR SPEED AWAY FROM SELF IS TWICE SPEED IN ONE DIRECTION AND SPEED OF VOLUME INCREASE IS SQUARE OF SPEED IN ONE DIRECTION APPROXIMATELY THIRTY FIVE BILLION VOLUMETRIC MILES PER SECOND STOP FORMULA IS WRITTEN QUOTE LETTER E FOLLOWED CLOSELY BY EQUATION MARK FOLLOWED BY LETTER M FOLLOWED BY LETTER C FOLLOWED CLOSELY BY ELEVATED SMALL FIGURE TWO SYMBOL OF SQUARING UNQUOTE ONLY VARIABLE IN FORMULA IS SPECIFIC MASS SPEED IS A UNIT OF RATE WHICH IS AN INTEGRATED RATIO OF BOTH TIME AND SPACE AND NO GREATER RATE OF SPEED THAN THAT PROVIDED BY ITS CAUSE WHICH IS PURE ENERGY LATENT OR RADIANT IS ATTAINABLE STOP THE FORMULA THEREFORE PROVIDES A UNIT AND A RATE OF PERFECTION TO WHICH THE RELATIVE IMPERFECTION OF INEFFICIENCY OF ENERGY RELEASE IN RADIANT OR CONFINED DIRECTION OF ALL TEMPORAL SPACE PHENOMENA MAY BE COMPARED BY ACTUAL CALCULATION STOP SIGNIFICANCE STOP SPECIFIC QUALITY OF ANIMATES IS CONTROL WILLFUL OR OTHERWISE OF RATE AND DIRECTION ENERGY RELEASE AND APPLICATION NOT ONLY OF SELF MECHANISM BUT OF FROM SELF MACHINE DIVIDED MECHANISMS AND RELATIVITY OF ALL ANIMATES AND INANIMATES IS POTENTIAL OF ESTABLISHMENT THROUGH EINSTEIN FORMULA
The artist Isamu Noguchi was working on a commemorative sculpture in Mexico and had forgotten the precise formula E=mc2 .
Fuller not only described the formula but explained it — in 264 words .
04/22/2019 UPDATE : In 2009 artist Elisabetta Benassi reproduced the telegram in a carpet .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An American woman who was recognised as the world 's oldest person for a year has died at the age of 115 .
Edna Parker died at a nursing home in Indiana , her family said .
Mrs Parker had been a widow since 1939 and had lived alone in her farmhouse until she was 100 .
She outlived her two sons , and had 31 other descendants .
With Mrs Parker 's death , Maria de Jesus of Portugal , born in 1893 , is the world 's oldest person , according to the Gerontology Research Group .
Stephen Coles , who maintains the centre 's list of centenarians , said Mrs Parker 's great - nephew told him she died on Wednesday .
She did not drink alcohol or smoke , and led an active life .
Mrs Parker , a teacher before she became a farmer 's wife in 1913 , advised people to get " more education , " the Associated Press news agency reported .
That may seem to put the event into the " safely disregard " category .
But , to remind you how much that reaction depends on the potential result , think about whether you'd be willing to pull the trigger in just one round of Russian Roulette .
Your odds of a very bad day are about the same as those of an early end to a McCain first term .
To put the question into a more helpful context , let 's look at everyday events that have about the same odds as soon swearing in President Palin :
- Kobe Bryant hitting two consecutive three - point attempts .
- On your next try , pulling a red M&M out of the bag .
- A rainy day in El Paso or San Diego .
( A first - term President Palin would be twice as likely as a rainy day in Los Angeles . )
- That you will be delayed on two consecutive flights into Newark Airport .
- Escaping jail in Monopoly by rolling a double .
- That your birthday falls on a Wednesday .
- That , during a full inning of a Major League Baseball game , one of the teams hits a home run .
- That a hurricane hits Louisiana in any given year .
- That a flipped coin comes up heads three times in a row .
- That the next car you see will be black .
A first term presidential funeral is more likely than the next car you see being blue , red , green or brown ; it is only less likely than the next one being silver or white .
- That any three consecutive traffic lights you hit will all be red .
Speaking of red , if the country does go that way again , a first term Alaskan President is more probable than you are of catching the flu next winter or sharing a Zodiac sign with a stranger .
It is also :
- Three times more likely than being dealt a 21 in Blackjack .
- Four times as likely as the next car you see being a convertible .
- Five times as likely as a woman having twins .
- Seven times more likely than meeting someone with green eyes .
- Eight times more likely than being waited on by a redhead .
Lastly , one unlikely - but - common analogy is particularly arresting .
If the Republicans win , the odds of a first term President Palin would be about three times greater than the odds of a middle - aged man being left handed ( the trait recedes in the population with age ) .
Both candidates are .
Bob Rice is the author of Three Moves Ahead : What Chess Can Teach You About Business , and the former C.E.O. of a tech start - up .
He now runs merchant bank Tangent Capital , which he founded in 2005 .
JFK Assassinated 45 Years Ago Today
Here are a couple of the news bulletins from November 22nd 1963 when it was learned that JFK was assassinated in Dallas .
It is hard to imagine , actually it is impossible to imagine , what the nation and in particular the Kennedy family was going through back then .
Today marks the 45 anniversary of one of the blackest days in American history and it is important that dates like this are never forgotten , we must always remember .
2008 年日本OSS貢献者賞のokujiさんにgrubの話をカーネル読書会でしてもらった。その時教えてもらった、リンクを貼っておく。(それといくつかの孫引き)
ブートローダの作り方
。http://enbug.tdiary.net/20050716.html#p03
How To Debug http://grub.enbug.org/HowToDebug
GNU GRUB 2 Debugging with GDB HOWTO http://grub.enbug.org/DebuggingWithGDB
A20 http://www.win.tue.nl/~aeb/linux/kbd/A20.html
Debugging http://www.airs.com/ian/essays/debug/debug.html
id:fslashtの参加レポート。第92回カーネル読書会行ってきました
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/fslasht/20081110#1226328004
低レベルなお話は本当に面白かった。grub conferenceとか一日やってもいいくらい楽しかったなあ。Linuxのブートにはいろいろ諸般の事情でレガシーなコードが残っていて、もちろんバグもいっぱい残っていて、だけど、だれも改修しないというのも、あれでしたね。
11月11日はバイナリの日らしいけど、10月10日の方がバイナリっぽいと思う。二進数で1010は10進数で10なので完全数みたいなものだし。と竹内さんが言っていたので、そうだと思う。http://slashdot.jp/sp/binary2008/
GeorgeM 8
Left 4
Dead , the game i've been wondering about for a long time .
Always been a big fan of zombies .... loved Night of the Living Dead , Left 4 Dead , the game i've been wondering about for a long time .
Always been a big fan of zombies .... loved Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead , 28 Days Later , and even Shaun of the Dead was great .... so this seems right up my alley .
First of all ....its fun , fast , and intensely entertaining ... but its not perfect .
Graphically , when compared to the likes of Far Cry 2 , Resistance 2 , CoD5 World at War , and Gears of War 2 .... Left 4
Dead falls very flat , sporting graphics you would expect to have seen 2 years ago .
The game runs smooth enough .... even when things are tense and there are seemingly hundreds of zombies on screen , but the bland textures in the backgrounds , often repeated zombie character models , and no frills design / style give it a very vanilla LOOK .
Sound is excellent , whether it be the tense chatter amongst the characters , the screeching and howling of zombies running full sprint , or the lumbering sound of a " HULK " - like zombie crashing through .... the sound keeps you on your tense and keeps your pulse - rate up .
Gameplay consist of a straight - forward from point A to point B style , which is n't bad .... but a little more open - endedness would have been more favorable and while there is a decent amount of ground to cover and the game rarely ever lets you sit in one spot too long .... a larger world would have been nice even if it seems unnecessary .
This game moves FAST ... you character is seemingly running at full sprint at ALL TIMES and for a good reason .... the zombies in this , when made aware of your presense , will stop at nothing to get to you .... smashing through doors with their fist .... spilling out of door - ways 10 to 20 at a time , just booking it at you .... yes , this is a shoot / reload , shoot / reload , shoot / reload type a game where your objective is to survive the trip to your destination .... its a bloody good time , and with friends .... its priceless .
Overall , im pleased with Left 4 Dead .... this game SCREAMS multi-player over Live and that for sure will be its biggest redeeming factor because single player WILL get old rather quickly .
If there is ever a game thats needs constant downloadable content .... its this one , they should keep releasing new levels and scenarios for this game and i can assure you .... it will be around for some time .
While this dose n't earn my " HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION " ..... it IS RECOMMENDED ..... mainly for the online - playing crowd .
…
Expand
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty .
[ digg - reddit - me ]
The Wall Street Journal editorial page is a platform for kings and prime ministers , presidents and scientists , thinkers and businessmen , who want to speak to the powerful and monied interests of the American elite .
And then , there are the crazy right - wingers who run the board and invite their friends to write short propaganistics pieces .
Reading yesterday ’s editorial board piece about the “ anti- antiterror lobby , ” I was tempted to throw around terms like “ fascist ” and “ fear - mongerer ” in response .
I felt a strong visceral anger as the board described those who insisted laws be followed – the foundational principle of civilization itself – as in league with terrorists ( who oddly seek the same freedom from law the Wall Street Journal supports ) .
I was so angry I missed the point of the piece .
But , after a time , a walk in the cold , I was able to tame my anger – to reason with it , to analyze it , and to direct it more appropriately .
Despite the hysteric , trying - too - hard rhetoric , the Wall Street Journal might well have a point when it sided with Ray Kelly in criticizing the “ unnecessarily protracted , risk - averse process ” that is behind the current technological innovations .
They ’re probably right in stating that the FISA is flawed .
Which is why it ’s too bad that the Journal board used their influential platform to “ boomerize ” the issue instead of actually discussing it in any meaningful way .
I should n’t be surprised that the Journal would politicize national security instead of acting responsibly .
This is what they do .
They represent the worst of Boomerdom .
The actual argument they put forth has emotional resonance – touching on themes that were relevant in the 1960s .
But it ignores the actual issues at stake here – the rule of law ; new technologies ; terrorism ; checks and balances ; liberty ; the Constitution ; public safety .
The Journal does n’t acknowledge that a balancing test must always be applied – between liberty and security .
Instead , they mock those concerned with liberty as pro-terrorists ( or to seem less ridiculous , “ anti-antiterrorists . ” )
The Journal ‘s rhetoric is at worst diabolical – as they seek to place political blame on the Democrats for any future attacks because “ Democrats and the left ” inserted “ an unelected judiciary into the wartime chain of command . ”
But this invocation of wartime is a sleight of hand – unless the Journal considers America itself to be under marital law .
The Journal talks about how the executive branch already has “ Constitutional authority ” to wiretap communications that FISA was explicitly set up to regulate – neatly accepting the most extreme view of executive authority that led the mutiny of the top members of Bush ’s Justice Department and almost causing John Ashcroft ( Attorney General ) , Jack Goldsmith ( Head of the OLC ) , James Comey ( 2nd in Command of the Justice Department ) , Robert Mueller ( FBI Director ) , as well as scores of their subordinates – Republicans and staunch conservatives all – to nearly resign in protest .
Now , these conservatives are lumped in with “ Democrats and the left ” as “ anti-antiterrorists ” because they believe in some limits to executive power , even in the field of national security .
The Journal manages to explain away why the conservative attorney general is the one who is telling Ray Kelly he ’s wrong – rather than the FISA court which has rejected only a handful of the tens of thousands of applications for warrants to wiretap .
Of course , the attorney general is refusing to even submit Ray Kelly ’s requests to be adjudicated – which the Journal acknowledges is a wise move because the “ system ” is dominated by “ anti-antiterrorists . ”
They blame the attorney general ’s actions on the liberals .
The Journal insists that the famously prickly judge is just trying to please the liberals because only liberals would insist on laws to restrain the actions of the executive .
Apparently , the Journal cannot understand what kind of man could stand up for American values in the face of fear and terror – so they presume he must be pragmatically compromising with liberals .
Thus , the Wall Street Journal has turned a bureacratic struggle between two conservatives into an indictment of the rule of law itself .
Apparently , lawfulness is deemed in essence liberal , aka “ anti-antiterroristic . ”
Does that leave us with monarchism ?
Which laws should the executive obey ?
What if the law is amended to address concerns ?
Should we get rid of the Fourth Amendment and that whole idea of “ unreasonable searches ” ?
None of these questions are answered – or even addressed .
It ’s really too bad that the Journal did n’t have any space to let some grown - ups write an op -ed on the issue .
They were too busy trying to score clever political points .
Like Loading ...
Napoli President : English Women Don't Wash
Why should Napoli stars Ezequiel Lavezzi , Marek Hamsik , Walter Gargano and Fabiano Santacroce reject moves to England ?
According to De Laurentiis , it is because the women in England do n't wash themselves in places they really should do !
Napoli have been one of the revelations of the Serie A season and , with just one round to go until the winter break , they currently find themselves in joint - third position , nine points behind leaders Inter , and just three adrift of second - placed Juventus .
The Partenopei have an exciting young team , with Ezequiel Lavezzi ( 23 ) , Marek Hamsik ( 21 ) , Walter Gargano ( 24 ) and Fabiano Santacroce ( 22 ) all tipped to achieve great things in the game .
The quartet have all been reportedly lined up by some giants of the English Premier League , with Chelsea said to be desperate to land both Lavezzi and Hamsik , having had a big - money bid for the latter rejected towards the end of last season .
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis , having grown frustrated by the constant transfer speculation , has now issued a sensational declaration as to why the four youngsters should reject moves to England .
" We made these players — two years ago nobody knew who they were , " roared the movie mogul .
" If they want to go to England then in the end they 're going to go , but they need to understand this : the English live badly , eat badly and their women do not wash their genitalia .
To them , a bidet is a mystery . "
De Laurentiis ' comments will not go down too well in England , and it is unlikely Keira Knightley or Dame Helen Mirren will be auditioning to star in his next movie .
-- Anthony Sormani , Goal.com
Design A Nameplate Contest
There is no place like home !
And horses feel the same way .
After a long day ( or night ) , horses like to head back to their stable .
Horses like their own stall .
To keep from mixing them up , stable owners put a nameplate on stall doors to be sure that helpers return [… ]
Beyond Elections : Redefining Democracy in the Americas : Produced by Michael Fox and Sílvia Leindecker .
Purchase from PM Press
The new documentary Beyond Elections : Redefining Democracy in the Americas proves that democracy can and should be more than casting a ballot every four years .
This empowering film gives hopeful and concrete examples from around the Americas of people taking back the reigns of power and governing their own communities .
Beyond Elections is a road map for social change , drawing from communal councils in Venezuela and social movements in Bolivia to participatory budgeting in Brazil and worker cooperatives in Argentina .
The film gracefully succeeds in demonstrating that these grassroots examples of people ’s power can be applied anywhere .
Particularly as activists in the US face the challenges of an Obama administration and an economic crisis , this timely documentary shows that the revolution can start today right in your own living room or neighborhood .
In this interview , Michael Fox , Co-Producer of Beyond Elections , talks about how the film was created , what its aims were and what the films impact has had among viewers in the US .
Benjamin Dangl :
How did you decide on the focus and message of Beyond Elections ?
Michael Fox : I ’ve been living and working in Latin America for many years , studying and reporting on , above all else , the experiences in participatory democracy - cooperatives , communal councils , participatory budgeting , social movements , community radio , etc Sílvia ( my wife , who grew up in Southern Brazil , and who is also Co-director of the film ) and I were living in Venezuela in 2006 when the communal councils law was passed , and local communities all across the country began to come together and take on this new form of organizing .
You could see how it was empowering people on an individual and local level .
In March of 2007 , Sílvia and I found ourselves in Porto Alegre , Brazil – where we now live – at the same time that the 2007 Participatory Budgeting cycle was about to begin .
We realized that although there have been many local videos on the experiences of participatory budgeting , cooperatives , social movements and even some on the recently - formed communal councils , there was no documentary film that tried to give both the big and local picture of these new participatory concepts of democracy across the hemisphere .
This concept is almost completely absent in the United States , and yet , it is absolutely necessarily for people to understand what is going on across Latin America , and also extremely important for activists and people in the United States to understand the failures of our own system and the lack of participation and input from everyday citizens .
We originally planned the film to focus only on participatory democracy , but quickly realized that the only people who would want to see it would be activists that are already doing this type of work .
We needed to open it up to the very concept of democracy itself .
This was important to us , because time and again in the United States , pundits , elected officials , everyday folks and even journalists use the word " democracy " as an excuse to de-legitimize extremely democratic groups and governments .
They say , " Venezuela is threatening democracy in the region " , and yet depending on your definition , Venezuela is perhaps the most democratic country in the region – much more so than the United States .
But these realities are very subtle , and if you have never been to Venezuela , or Brazil or Bolivia or Ecuador ( or if you go and only stay at the resorts and the upper - class part of town ) , then you ’re never going to know what to believe because the mainstream media is quick to repeat the manipulations .
There are some mainstream media that actually call Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez a dictator , despite the fact that during his ten years in office there have been more than a dozen free and fair elections in Venezuela legitimately - recognized by international observers from around the world , and that he has always respected the Venezuelan Constitution and the laws .
He may be a very charismatic , domineering , and powerful figure , but he ’s not a dictator .
Then the real question is , " What is democracy ? "
And that ’s where we wanted to focus our attention – giving people the space to tell their stories across the Hemisphere .
As the Portuguese Sociologist Boaventura de Sousa Santos says , ( and you can find the link to more of his work on our website , www.beyondelections.com ) , the United States has created a monopoly on the definition of democracy - U.S. style hegemonic representative politics .
But Sousa Santos points out that in reality , democracy is a work in progress .
As he says , " democracy without end . "
His colleague , Leonardo Avritzer , professor from Brazilian Federal University of Minas Gerais , points out in our film , " What we ’ve tried to stress , is the idea that democracy is an open concept and the frontiers of democracy are always imprecise .
For instance , in the 19th century you could say that it ’s democratic to expand suffrage .
And that ’s true .
It was democratic at the end of the 19th century to expand suffrage to women .
Or at the beginning of the 20th century it could appear democratic to expand democracy to the countries of the global South .
So the question today in the Southern countries is how to think about the democratization of things like the budget , health policies , education policies , urban policies , the democratization of life where you live . "
Of course , it ’s not always easy .
Especially when you are trying to make a film for not one audience , but audiences in various languages all across the Hemisphere .
But that ’s what we set out to do , and I think we succeeded .
BD : Could you talk a bit about the process of making your documentary ?
MF : This is very important , because we wanted the making of the film to reflect as much as possible the " democracy " that we are trying to portray .
We used very little narration - only about two and a half minutes worth - because we wanted people to tell the stories in their own words .
We tried not to change the scenery where we were filming .
We only used music from local musicians , and tried to only use it when it was part of the scene .
It is also a testament to what two people can do without any external resources or really expensive equipment .
The entire budget came out of our own pockets and Silvia and I filmed nearly the entire film with our Panasonic 3CCD handycam , and edited it all on our aging G4 Powerbook .
Of course , we had more than a half a dozen individuals and groups that supported with b-roll , and either shot for us , or allowed us to use footage they had already filmed in areas that we could n’t make it to like Ecuador , Bolivia , and the Bay Area .
The SF - based musician and sound editor , Ben Bernstein , donated his time to post - produce our audio , which came out great .
The Venezuela - based film group , Panafilms was a huge support , as were hundreds of folks all across the region .
BD : What was the response among viewers during your tour in the US ?
MF : We did our tour last fall from mid September straight through till two days before the 2008 Presidential elections .
We drove from the East Coast to the West Coast and back , covering our costs with donations from the nearly two - dozen showings all across the U.S. .
It was an amazing experience .
Of course , we were organizing the tour ourselves , so our audiences varied from a couple hundred people at some Universities all the way down to a living room showing with a few people in Oklahoma City .
But really , the response was the best we could have hoped for , and both Silvia and I were impressed with the diversity of opinions .
Some viewers were struck by the amount of local democracy and participation in Venezuela specifically , especially with the negative press that it gets in the United States .
Many viewers were impressed with the democratic experiences , and the fact that people all across the region are all participating in similar ways .
Others were shocked because so little of this is happening in the U.S. .
Others felt the movie really put things in to a perspective that they had rarely seen or heard of before .
This was the case of one gentleman in the Lower 9th Ward in New Orleans where we showed Beyond Elections with a projector on the side of a building .
He said , " Wow , I ’ve always known all of this , but I had never understood that everything was connected .
I feel like I have a new perspective on things . "
Without a doubt , the biggest and only major critique was that it was , and remains , a long documentary - just under two hours , which we ’ll keep in mind for our next documentary .
The DVD version of the movie is divided in to chapters , which can each stand alone , so it can easily be used in university and high school classrooms according to theme .
The right hand side of the website , www.beyondelections.com has dozens of links to additional information , all also sorted according to the chapter and the theme .
We tried to build the film in order to give people an understanding of the realities , and also leave them with a sense of hope .
Because these experiences anywhere ; be it in Latin America or the United States , in the local government , the community , the office , the school or the home can only happen if we take the steps to open the democratic spaces of participation .
This is the exciting thing about the film and I believe that people could feel it .
The film gave people an idea about some of the things that are being done , and some of the things that they can also do .
As Sílvia often said in our after - film discussions , " the best thing you can do to support these democratic experiences abroad is to make change in your own communities , attempt to open democracy in your own community . "
As a Brazilian , she knows the affect that this can have .
In our discussions after nearly all of our showings , we tried to stress this point ; how we can open up these democratic experiences in our own lives .
After numerous requests , we actually developed a " Beyond Elections Democracy Discussion Guide " , which attempts to help people to do just that , Bring Democracy Home .
It is also available to download halfway down the right - hand side of our website , under " Beyond Elections Materials . "
And that is our job now - to spread the word about the film , and open up the space for democracy where wherever you are .
As we wrote shortly after the 2008 US Presidential elections , " We can no longer leave important local , regional or national decisions in the hands of our elected representatives alone .
They should be held accountable , not to their campaign contributors , but to the citizens who they are supposed to represent . "
( See this link )
Please let us know if you are interested in supporting Beyond Elections , finding out more , or setting up a showing in your own community .
We would love to be able to support your local efforts .
I 'm a cartographer and a Quaker .
I think the two are related , and the common threads seem to be a regular theme here .
This blog started out exploring what it means to make maps — the ontology of cartography .
Then I spent some serious time working on issues surrounding theological diversity among Quakers .
Lately it 's become even more freeform , though I 'm still interested in both these areas .
Tangled Up in White
Like most of you , I suspect , I ’ve wound up with an awful lot of white Apple earphones over the last seven years .
There have been subtle changes to the earbud shape , and the iPhone introduced the wonderful clicker ( click for play / pause , double - click for next track , triple - click for previous track ) , but one thing has remained a constant : the cords get terribly tangled when bunched up in a pocket or pouch .
This has been a constant irritation for me ever since I first got an iPhone .
In the back of my mind , I ’ve had the vague hope that the problem would eventually be solved by wireless earphones .
When I got my iPhone 3G in August , I did notice that the cord of the included earphones felt different — they had a distinctly more rubbery , less plasticky texture .
I did n’t give it much thought .
On an airplane yesterday , as I took them out of their pouch on my carry - on bag , I suddenly realized that the difference was more than just texture .
These new earphone cables are somehow very much tangle - resistant .
Back here in my office , where I ’ve got a slew of older Apple earphone sets to compare them against , the difference is striking .
You can just ball these new ones up into a glob , stuff them in a pocket , and then just shake them straight when you take them out .
Perhaps this new tangle - resistant cable is old news that I somehow missed , but now that I ’ve noticed it , I ca n’t help but hold it up as a quintessential example of Apple sweating the details .
: A well - informed little birdie tells me that the primary reason behind the new earphone cord was environmental .
Apple has switched from PVC to PTFE for all cables , and the increased tangle - resistance was a pleasant side - effect .
Last Saturday afternoon I decided to learn Django .
It was 2 pm on the first day of SiCamp 2008 in London and being the only developer in the room at that point I decided that I should do whatever I felt would be the best option to get an application running by 2 pm the next day .
Previously I have done some Google App Engine and the experience convinced me to give Django a go after I found myself , by intuition , creating a GAE project structure of handlers .py ( views ) , models.py and a directory called templates that contained templates .
I was then disappointed to find the whole world had got there before me .
So , Django in 24 hours , baptism of fire .
What do I think now looking back on the experience ?
Everyone has told me that the Django documentation is good and I think I have to concur .
Not everything is so clear that when you ’re speed reading in one window and typing in another it works first time but importantly nothing in the documentation is actually wrong .
When stuff is not working a second , careful look at the documentation got me back on track .
Importantly Django ’s core model of web development is sound and intuitive .
My editor had around ten files open for the project and the flow of adding something to the application did naturally flow from url to handler to view to model .
Maybe the only quibble I have is that the views .
py file is deceptively named in MVC terms .
The core of the framework is amazingly concise , I spent the majority of my time thinking about the problem not about the framework API .
Binding a URL to function made sense , having to specify a template instead of having one inferred from the method name was maybe my one criticism in the method handler but on the plus side it does allow for flexibility in handling requests .
Handing off from one request handler to another was very easy .
Django templates are both amazing and annoying .
The syntax and principles are amazing , it was easy to play around with the pages and the template inheritance was really powerful for avoiding duplication .
However when I transferred the application from self - serving to mod_python the template generation was very wobbly when compiling changes from the file system .
Of course this could also have been mod_python but it was the latest 3 series stable source compiled for the machine .
I ’ve used Jinja2 previously when generating HTML in Python and might be tempted to stick with it in future .
Django models are great , I hate ORM but I really liked syntax for defining persistence properties and I liked the way that you do n’t have the fact that you are really dealing with SQL hidden away from you .
It genuinely seemed a more convenient way of expressing the data model rather than an OO wallpaper over relational data storage .
I did n’t feel the need to add domain logic to the models but I felt like it was n’t really polluting the model to do that either .
One thing that did n’t work at all was changing the relations between models ; it took me two or three attempts to finally model the relationships between the data concepts .
Each time I changed a Foreign Key or Many to Many relationship I ended up deleting the database ( SQLite3 ) as I could n’t figure how to migrate from the old schema to the new .
One reason for choosing Django was the idea that I would n’t have to write the backend code as the admin stuff would be right there for me .
It took me a while to get the 1.0 admin to fire up but once it was running it did perform as advertised .
One of the attractive things about the application was that the data model followed the conceptual language of the solution in a really powerful way .
You could use the admin interface to have a Devotee perform Devotion to an Action .
My geek excitement peaked anyway , YMMV .
So them ’s the highlights of the experience .
Overall Django delivered me a rapid web development process in an intuitive , powerful way and lived up to nearly all of the claims made on the tin .
Deploying to Apache / mod_python was painful but most of the pain surrounded the infrastructure of my box ( multiple versions of Python , Apache config files ) and my lack of mad Apache admin skillz .
I would happily tackle another project in it again .
Perhaps of interest is how the Django development experience matches up against Rails or GAE which would have been the other obvious choices .
GAE would have been very similar but the deployment would have been better and I would n’t have had any automatic admin .
In retrospect it may have been a better choice for a hack party type event .
It certainly would have been my choice for personal projects for easy of deployment but now I have one Django app running perhaps that is n’t as relevant any more .
Certainly the thing that has kept me from GAE before , the pain of data migration , does n’t seem that better in Django ( except that you control the datastore and its contents ) .
Compared to Rails ?
Admin is much more awesome than scaffolding .
Django ORM is much less complex than Active Record , all the data required to create , deploy and use the object is in one place .
Django does n’t have Migrations but has its own brand of database versioning pain .
RSpec is awesome ( despite its monkey patching of Object ) so you are n’t going to beat Rails for easy testing .
Django templates are more powerful and easier to use than Erb but you have a lot of Ruby templating options so it ’s hard to make a complete comparision .
They probably both similar in the sense that you can find a template library that suits your preferences .
Django is the purely solution out of the box .
Routing and Controllers are much less involved in Django than Rails .
Django is less opinionated about how you structure your application directories , which I like .
Django does n’t bake - in AJAX components but is “ batteries included ” , Rails probably generates better Web2.0 style apps for less effort .
Finally Django uses only a few code generators because its basic structure is far less involved .
It also generates far less “ stuff ” for each MVC element which I quite like as I do n’t tend to use everything Rails generates .
Okay detailed analysis over , what ’s the high - level view ?
Django and Rails are similar experiences but I think the major differences between them are almost what you could say about Python and Ruby .
In Django you are going to get simplicity , clarity and a real choice of how you plug your infrastructure components together .
In Rails you are going to get magic up front which is cool but also magic at the back end , which is not cool .
Ultimately I think the answer is how opinionated you like your software .
Well punk ?
How opinionated do you like it ?
" Hey , boss , this new high - definition TV is amazing !
Just look at the detail in those scales ! "
I 'm going to go out on a limb here and guess " tuna , " Kim S .
I ’ve found that “ in bed ” works with all fortunes except this one ( it ’s real ) :
The education of the will is the object of our existence .
Hm…well , I guess it sorta does work too .
That joke truly is amazing .
- Ray
P.S. Who is that I see coming around the corner ?
Is it …could it be …Buttersafe Expo 2008 ?
Posted by Dan Mihalopoulos at 10:30 a.m. ; last updated at 3:50 p.m .
Rates for most city parking meters will increase to $ 1 an hour starting Jan. 1 as a result of Mayor Richard Daley 's deal to lease the spots for $ 1.1 billion to a private firm .
Two - third of the city 's meters now cost 25 cents an hour , but once the paperwork is finalized , any metered spot costing less than $ 1 per hour will increase to $ 1 next year , city officials said today .
And by 2013 , those same metered spots will cost $ 2 an hour , according to City Hall .
The most expensive meters , which are found in the Loop , cost $ 3 an hour now .
They will increase to $ 3.50 an hour next year and $ 6.50 by 2013 .
The city 's parking meter map is here .
City
Hall officials said that after the first five years of the 75 - year parking meter lease , rate hikes will be subject to approval by alderman and are expected to be at the rate of inflation .
My publisher just told me that I ’ve not been doing enough shameless flogging for my books .
As such , the following is an excerpt from The Heathen ’s Guide to World Religions , ( P. 17&18 ) , explaining where the names of God came from .
The dialogue here begins just after Moses was tossed out of Egypt , when he was stuck tending sheep for Jethro …
Moses and the Sheep
Living well is the best revenge .
~ George Herbert , Jacula Prudentum
Moses does okay by all this .
Sure , he ’s not exactly the ruler of Egypt , but hey , sheep can be good company too right ?
He spends all his time feeding sheep , fleecing sheep , cleaning up after sheep , slaughtering sheep , etc. .
On his off days , when traders would come through to provide a distraction for him , he was able to spend his days buying and selling sheep .
Then he ’d lie down at night next to his wife on his soft sheepskin mattress and drift off , no doubt counting sheep .
After settling into this routine and finding peace and contentment in the life of a simple shepherd , Moses did what any good urban - prince - turned - shepherd would do :
He snapped .
So there he is , mulling his life over and sick to death of the smell of sheep , when it occurs to him that his people have a deal with this god .
The deal was that the god would protect and care for them .
Anyone who ’d been through Egypt in the last few centuries could tell you these people were not exactly cared for and protected .
His adoptive family were basically screwing them around left , right and center and getting away with it .
You have a lot of time to think about this when all you ’re doing all day long is staring at sheep .
You have a lot of time to consider things .
A lot of time for resentment to grow .
“ Why , ” thought Moses over his mutton stew , “ should the Egyptians get away with this when they …er …we have a god right here that ’s supposed to be protecting them…er , us ?
Where the hell is he when we need him ?
What good is a deal with a god if he ’s not going to do a damn thing to help out when you ’re getting royally screwed ? ” ( Pun intended . )
The story goes that a day came when Moses finally lost it .
In what amounted to a mad frenzy of anger and resentment , he decided to take his bitching to the source .
Since he ’d already confronted Ramses and lost , he decided it was about time to go after El - Shaddai .
Basically Moses says , “ Hey , what about these Hebrew people ? ” and El - Shaddai says , “ Well , go free them .
I ’ll help . ”
( Okay , it was a tad more dramatic than that .
But hey , if you want deep character development , find Cecil B. DeMille .
I ’m a facts kind of guy . )
It was during this famous conversation that El - Shaddai got his new name : Yahweh .
It ’s Hebrew for “ I am . ” ( The existential god of the mountain ? )
According to the story , when Moses asked for El - Shaddai ’s name the god said , “ I am that I am . ”
As it sounds a little silly saying “ The Great I am that I am , ” Jews and Christians alike have kept to the Hebrew word for “ I am ” : Yahweh .
( It should be noted here that the King James Version of the Bible translates “ Yahweh ” as “ Jehovah . ”
Both words are translated from the same Hebrew characters , but the KJ guys decided to be different .
No real reason there .
They just decided they wanted to write it out in English characters in a different way than everyone else did .
It ’s a small difference that , at the time , meant little .
But it has since caused many a poor , innocent party - goers to get up at a ridiculously early hour on Sunday morning to brush off the Jehovah ’s Witness at the door .
It could easily have been a Yahweh ’s Witness . )
The Heathen ’s Guide to World Religions .
NOT FOR SHEEP .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
n.1 . Pejorative term that refers to an incompetent , impractical , irrelevant or incapable person who has been appointed to a position of great importance .
2 . A person who holds authority disproportionate to his or her requisite ethics and qualifications .
Derived from John McCain 's controversial 2008 Vice Presidential pick , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .
John was recently made principal , but everybody thinks he 's a Palin who can't do the job My new boss is such a Palin - he took my deserved place because the CEO is his personal friend .
When you are a construction worker or even someone who is in the premises of construction , it is not far from possible that you might face some issues surrounding the construction of the place ...
Tony Blair 's Iraq adviser wins £ 50,000 U.S. defence job
The man who acted as Tony Blair 's go - between with George Bush in the run-up to the war in Iraq has landed a job worth a reported £ 50,000 - a- year with U.S. arms giant Lockheed Martin .
Sir David Manning , 58 , Britain 's former ambassador in Washington , has joined the board of the company 's UK arm , which develops jet fighters and missiles , as a non-executive director .
He has also become an adviser to Hakluyt , a private security company set up by former spies .
Vital link : Sir David Manning and George Bush in Washington DC in 2005
The appointments were confirmed by the Cabinet Office , which vets mandarins and politicians who take up lucrative jobs in the private sector .
The Cabinet Office also disclosed that Sir David had been told under anti-sleaze rules that he is banned from lobbying the British Government for a year - a routine move to prevent civil - service figures using Whitehall secrets to make money .
Sir David was Mr Blair 's foreign affairs and defence adviser .
He stepped down as the UK 's envoy in Washington two years ago .
He played a key role in planning the Iraq War , and secret memos published after the conflict revealed how he knew Mr Blair had promised to go to war with Mr Bush a year before the conflict .
Sir David has become a non-executive director of Lockheed 's subsidiary , Lockheed UK .
He will also act as personal adviser to the firm 's chief executive , Ian Stopps .
A company spokesman said : ' He has joined because of his distinguished career and experience in diplomacy as well as in government . '
Lockheed is one of the most powerful defence firms in the world .
It is proud of its role in the Iraq War and published an ' Operation Iraqi Freedom ' brochure that described how its ' stealthy F - 117 Nighthawk opened the Allied operation with a strike aimed at Saddam Hussein 's leadership ' .
The company earns large sums from the Ministry of Defence .
In June , a Lockheed - led consortium won a £ 635 million contract to train RAF and Army pilots .
In the same month , RAF pilots test - flew a new ' Stealth Fighter Bomber ' at Lockheed 's Texas plant .
German designer Michael Schoner of NL Architects has designed a bench that plays music from passing mobile phones via Bluetooth .
The bench was on display at the Urban Play event 2 in Amsterdam , Netherlands , last month .
Urban Play is an international project by Droog Design , created and curated by Scott Burnham and presented as part of ExperimentaDesign Amsterdam 2008 .
Urban Play is an international project by Droog Design , created and curated by Scott Burnham and presented as part of ExperimentaDesign Amsterdam 2008 .
See a movie about the Boombench here .
The following is from NL architects :
--
Boombench
For the design of the ‘ Boombench ’ NL architects transformed a regular piece of street furniture into a sound system .
This seemingly normal street bench reveals its hidden gimmick when it is activated via Bluetooth , allowing the public to play the music on their mobile phones .
Street furniture becomes ghettoblaster and passer - by becomes DJ .
Anarchists are at the center of much of the violence .
But many Greeks  who tend to have a high tolerance for protest  sympathize with the rioters ’ criticism of the government .
The demonstrations on Wednesday brought out a variety of people , including labor unionists and opponents of the government ’s economic policies .
Even those who are taken aback by the violence also express anger at the way the police acted Saturday .
It remains unclear exactly what happened , but the police acknowledge that shots were fired in a clash between two officers and a group of youths in Exarchia , where many leftists live and gather .
A bullet hit Alexandros Grigoropoulos , 15 , who died on his way to the hospital .
“ I feel like a relative died , ” said Penny Dai , a 17 - year - old hairdressing student who was attending a peaceful protest outside the Parliament building on Wednesday evening , in front of the city ’s large , charred Christmas tree .
Image Mourners carried the coffin of 15 - year - old Alexandros Grigoropoulos during his funeral in Athens on Tuesday .
Credit ... Oleg Popov / Reuters
Many older Greeks were supportive of the younger ones .
Standing outside Parliament on Wednesday , Helen Hathidaki paraphrased the Greek writer Nicholas Kazantzakis , saying , “ What happens if the youth do n’t resist ? ”
Ms. Hathidaki said she was protesting because of her unhappiness about the economy .
She said she had to take a second job cleaning houses because she could not live on her pension .
En route to the large union rally on Wednesday , a history researcher at Athens University who gave her name only as Alexandra said she came out partly because of the economy .
But she said she also wanted to protest what she called police brutality .
“ I ’m against violence , but I can understand what ’s happening , ” she added , saying that people were angry at the government and worried about the economy , and that the death inflamed those feelings .
“ It ’s like a volcano , ” she said , “ like an explosion . ”
Intel was tilting at the internet rumor mill this morning as word circulated that its newly - launched Core i7 chips suffer from a technical glitch similar to the one that previously dogged AMD's Phenom and Opteron cores .
A recent Core i7 software programmer 's manual update seems to indicate the chips have some Translation Lookaside Buffer - related issues .
But Intel says it is n't so .
From the document in question :
In rare instances , improper TLB invalidation may result in unpredictable system behavior , such as system hangs or incorrect data .
Developers of operating systems should take this documentation into account when designing TLB invalidation algorithms .
For the processors affected , Intel has provided a recommended update to system and BIOS vendors to incorporate into their BIOS to resolve this issue .
Several months earlier , TLB bugs soured AMD 's launch of its four - core Opteron chips despite the company 's shouts it would n't manifest in real world conditions .
With inklings of similar Core i7 problems , cue jokes about Intel copying AMD 's chip design so faithfully , they took the errors along too .
Intel spokesman George Alfs tells El Reg the incriminating paragraph relates to a Core 2 Duo issue which was fixed via a BIOS update before the launch of the Core i7 .
The programmer 's manual was first written in April 2007 and has n't been properly pruned .
Chipzilla said the original reporter did n't contact the company before reporting the alleged problem . ®
AMERICAN PIE
Don McLean wrote the song " American Pie " in 1971 .
What do the Lyrics mean ?
Verse 1
A long , long time ago ...
American
Pie was written in 1971 and the time McLean is going to talk about is the 1950's .
This seems
like a long time ago ' cause of all the turmoil that occurred in the 60's .
I can still remember how that music used to make me smile .
McLean 's favorite music was that of the 50's .
And I knew if I had my chance , that I could make those people dance , and maybe they'd be happy for a while .
In the 50's , the major purpose of music was for dancing ( sock hops ) .
He wanted to play rock & roll so people could have a good time .
But February made me shiver
Buddy Holly died on February 3 , 1959 in a plane crash in Iowa .
He was McLean 's hero .
With every paper I 'd deliver
Donny boy 's only other job besides songwriting was a paper boy .
Bad news on the doorstep , I could n't take one more step
This story was obviously on the frickn ' front page and made McLean freeze in his tracks .
I can't remember if I cried
He can't remember if he cried .
When I read about his widowed bride
Holly 's wife was pregnant when the accident occurred and soon after had a miscarriage .
But something touched me deep inside
I do n't even wanna know !
The day the music died .
The crash took the lives of three current rock legends : Holly , Richie Valens and the Big Bopper , so now Feb.
3 , 1959 is called " The day the music died . "
The music that died is considered the standard rock & roll songs .
The crash was the final blow ( « - - keyword ) to this music ' cause these three were that only major artists left .
Elvis was drafted , Little Richard ( or " Little Dick " ) turned gospel , and Chuck Berry was arrested for screwin ' a prostitute .
Verse 2
Did you write the book of love ?
" The Book of Love " was a hit in 1968 by the Monotones .
And do you have faith in God above , if the Bible tells you so ?
In 1955 , Don Cornell wrote " The Bible Tells Me So " and there is a Sunday School song " Jesus Loves Me , " with the line " For the Bible tells me so . "
Now do you believe in rock & roll ?
This is from the great song " Do You Believe in Magic ? " by the Lovin ' Spoonful , written by John Sebastin in 1965 .
One of the lines is like trying to teach a stranger ' bout rock & roll , " and another is " the magic 's in the music and the music 's in me . "
The " magic " this Johnny was talking about is the ability of a song to stick in your head .
Often times songs bring back memories of the past , this is what the magic is .
This magic is especially in rock & roll , ' cause you experience it without thinking about it or trying to analyze the bloody lyrics ( like some asshole is right now ) .
Another lyric is " so just blow your mind . "
( Do n't think about it ) .
Can music save your mortal soul ?
Given all that , can music help you get though life ?
I 'm sorry I can't answer that .
All of these questions ask about life and if God exists .
And , can you teach me how to dance real slow ?
Dancing in the 50's was n't like it is today .
If you danced with someone , you then were committed to them .
Now I know that you 're in love with him , ' cause I saw you dancing in the gym .
Like I said , dancing was serious shit .
McLean caught his love cheating on him .
You both kicked off your shoes
Reference to a " sock hop . "
Man , I dig those rhythm and blues
He 's depressed , and you listen to that kinda of music .
There 's a style of music for every feeling .
I was a lonely teenage broncin ' buck
ummmm ..... yeah , so was I ......
With a pink carnation and a pickup truck
A pickup truck was a symbol of sexual freedom ( and it rhymes with " buck " and " luck " ) , and Marty Robbins had a hit with " A White sport Coat ( And a Pink Carnation ) in 1957 .
But I knew I was out of luck , the day the music died .
These old crazy things that worked in the fifty 's no longer work , ' cause the 60's brought a new social revolution .
Peace Out !
Verse 3
Now for ten years we 've been on our own
The music died 1959 , McLean more than likely started writing this song around 1969 .
And moss grows fat on a rolling stone
The great Bob Dylan wrote " Like a Rolling Stone " in 1965 .
This was his first MAJOR change from folk music .
In late 1966 , Dylan was involved in a motorcycle accident , and hid in his house in Woodstock , NY for a good year , hence the " fat , " and the moss shows the time change .
Dylan did n't really get his muse back till 1975 .
but that 's not how it used to be .
McLean liked Dylan as a folk singer in the early sixties more than his folk - rock style in the mid sixties .
( I wonder what he thinks of Dylan 's religious phase ! )
When the jester sang for the king and queen
Ok , the jester 's Bob Dylan .
The king is Peter Seger and the queen is Joan Baez .
These were the two big names in folk at the time early ' 60's ) .
During the Newport Folk Festival in 1963 , Dylan was honored to play his own set and then combine with these two legends to sing his song " Blowin ' in the Wind . "
In a coat he borrowed from James Dean
In the Dean movie " Rebel Without A Cause , " he wears a red windbreaker .
On the cover of the Dylan 's " Freewheelin ' , " he is seen also in a red windbreaker .
This cover also resembles a famous picture of Dean .
This ties in with the previous line ' cause this album is were Dylan really took off , with such songs as " Blowin ' in the Wind " and " A Hard Rain 's A - Gonna Fall . "
And a voice that came from you and me .
This means two things .
1 . Dylan was the spokesman for the 60's ( and he was ) and 2 .
He did n't have the best singing voice in the world , and even you and me could sing like him ( but you could write like him if Shakespeare « he 's in the alley » himself told you what to say ! )
Oh , and while the king was looking down
This could mean two things ;
Pete Seger remained a traditional folk singer , while Dylan was constantly reinvented himself and therefore became unbelievably popular .
This could also be a reference to Elvis ( the King of rock and roll ) , because he joined the U.S. Army and reportedly dropped his soap everyday in the shower .
The jester stole his thorny crown
While Elvis was in the army , Dylan took his spotlight and changed the whole music business .
The thorny crown is the price of fame , and is referenced with Jesus 's thorny crown before he was murdered .
The courtroom was adjourned , no verdict was returned
This deals with the Kennedy assassination .
Lee Harvey Oswald was never convicted because he was murdered .
And while Lennon read a book of Marx
This is about the Beatles music becoming political .
Songs like " Revolution " ( 1968 ) ( which actually mentions Chairman Mao ) were much different then " Love Me Do " ( 1963 ) .
Many American adults thought the Beatles were bad for the American youth , especially after Lennon 's remark in 1966 about Christianity .
He said " Christianity will go .
It will vanish and shrink .
I need n't argue with that ; I 'm right and I will be proved right .
We 're more popular than Jesus now ; I do n't know which will go first : rock ' n ' roll or Christianity . "
This started anti-Beatles burnings and such .
The quartet practiced in the park
The quartet was the Beatles ( there were four , not including if Paul McCartney is really dead ! ) and the park thing is Candlestick Park , the place of their last concert .
It was practicing ' cause their music would grow after they stopped touring ( their first project after this was " Sgt. Pepper " which is considered the best album of all time ) .
And we sang dirges in the dark , the day the music died .
A dirge is a funeral song .
These songs were for the Kennedy 's ( John and Robert ) and Martin Luther King , all who died in the mid 60's .
And remember - " Dark " rhythms with " Park "
Verse 4
Helter Skelter in a summer swelter
Charles Manson is one of the most dangerous cereal killers ever ( his favorite was coco- puffs ) .
In the summer of 1968 , he massacred an entire family ' cause of the Beatles song " Helter Skelter , " which appeared on the white album .
He thought that the Beatles were warning America about the racial conflict and it was " coming down fast . "
He thought the Beatles were the four angels mentioned in the Book of Revelation in the Bible .
Manson wrote the title of the song on the wall in blood after committing the murders .
Also , he thought in " Revolution 9 " that Lennon was saying " rise " instead of " right , " thought the line " They need a damn good wacking " from " Piggies " was telling him to kill people and the " Hollywood Song " in " Honey Pie " was about him ' cause he lived near Hollywood .
He was dropping too much acid and thought the Beatles were talking directly to him and told him to kill those people .
The Byrd flew off with to a fallout shelter
The Byrd 's were a popular folk - rock group , with the huge cover of Dylan 's " Mr. Tambourine Man , " in 1965 .
One of the members was arrested for possession of marijuana and a fallout shelter was another name for a rehab program .
A strange note is that Dylan 's " Mr. Tambourine Man " appeared on his " Bringing It All Back Home " record , and on the lower left corner of the cover is a fallout shelter sign .
Eight miles high and falling fast .
" Eight Miles High " was the first ever psychedelic song ( it was written while high on speed , and the sound of the guitar was supposed to sound like a saxophone ) .
The falling fast part is probably about the fact that the Byrd 's abandoned folk - rock for country music with the album " Sweetheart of the Rodeo , " in 1967
Then landed in the foul grass
Foul grass meaning marijuana .
The players tried for a forward pass
Here the football metaphor starts .
The players are the protesters in the 60's .
The forward pass was their movement to change the situation they were in , full of government corruption .
With the jester , on the sidelines in a cast .
emember jester =Dylan .
In late 1966 , while riding near his house in Woodstock , NY , he briefly glanced into the sun and lost control of his bike .
When he went to brake , they locked up on him and sent him flying off the motorcycle .
It took him about 9 months to recover ( or was he just pregnant and trying to hide it from the world ???? ) , in which time he very rarely left the house , hence the cast .
Now the half time air was sweet perfume
Flower Power , groovy baby !
Drugs , man , drugs .
While sergeants played a marching tune
Sgt. Pepper , Beatles , 1967 , recently named the most influencal album of all time .
First ever concept album .
First to have lyrics printed on the back .
First to have a design on the protector of the record .
Included an elaborate cover design and cut-outs .
As far as the music goes , it had drug references in Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , sitars , animal sounds and studio trickery .
In the song " Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite ! " at one point in the sound the engineer was instructed to cut the tape into small pieces , scatter them around , then tape them back together .
In " A Day in the Life " ( which was banned from the radio ' cause of the drug reference line " I 'd Love to Turn You On " ) , after the piano cords die out , there is a minute of silence , followed by a high pitched sound ( by the request of John Lennon , especially to annoy the family dog ) , then a loop of Beatles gibberish to make the owners of the LP think that the needle had stuck !
What was I talking about again ?
We all got up to dance , but we never got the chance
Oh yeah , American Pie !!
That 's a good song ... anyway , the Beatles helped to start a new kind of music that was meant to be listened and not danced to ( how do you dance to " Within You and Without You " ? ) .
' Cause the players tried to take the field
Players =Protesters .
In 1968 , at the Chicago Democratic convention , protesters rioted , and some were beaten by the police .
It is now known as the days of rage .
Also in 1970 , at Kent State University , four students were killed by the National Guard in response to their anti-Vietnam protests , which inspired the song " Ohio " by CSN & Neil Young .
The marching band refused to yield
The Beatles had some anti-violence songs that made protesters think twice about the way they were acting .
" All You Need is Love " ( 1967 ) says there is a better way then violence , and in " Revolution " ( 1968 ) one of the lines is " But when you talk about destruction , do n't you know that you can count me out . "
The beatles were in no way pro-government ( as seen in 1968 's " Piggies , " which is about Congressmen ) , but they were against violence .
Do you recall what was revealed , the day the music died .
So what was revealed ?
... well look at today , the president gets more ass then a toilet seat .
As Dr. Evil says in Austin Powers , " Face it , freedom failed " or more accurately , the protests failed .
The government is more corrupt now then ever before .
McLean was n't a big 60's fan and here is putting down the efforts of the failed generation .
Verse 5
And then we were all in one place
Woodstock Performing Arts Festival took place in August in 1969 .
400,000 of McLean 's generation were there .
It took place at Woodstock ( actually Bethel ) because that 's were Dylan was hiding , and they were hoping he would come out and play .
Unfortunately he turned it down for the " Isle of Wright " concert .
A generation lost in space
The moon landing was of course in 1969 , David Bowie 's " Space Oddity " was released ( which was about ' major Tom ' who got lost in space ) , there was a TV show called " Lost in Space " and this is a drug reference , the 60's are generalized by saying everyone in the entire world was on acid .
With no time left to start again
It took them a whole decade to get to this point , the generation 's time was quickly fading .
McLean thinks they wasted most of there time on drugs .
So come on Jack be nimble , Jack be quick , Jack flash sat on a candlestick
" Jumpin ' Jack Flash " was a hit for the Rolling Stones .
In this song , McJagger compares himself with Jesus .
This line comes from the nursery rhyme that has the line " Jack be nimble , Jack be quick , Jack jumps over a candlestick . "
' cause fire is the devil 's only friend .
The Stones sold out to the devil .
Their only comeback to the Beatles " Sgt. Pepper " was their album " Their Satanic Majesties Request . "
Seeing that you 've probably never heard of this , you can imagine that it pretty much sucks .
Also , their song " Sympathy for the Devil , " proves that they were desperate to sell their records ( the Beatles were SOOOOO much better ! ) .
Was it really worth celebrating the devil ?
Oh , and as I watched him on the stage
No , it was n't .
In December of 1969 , the Stones attempted another Woodstock , this time at Altamont Speedway .
This time it was a free concert , with the Hell 's Angel 's handling the security .
The biggest mistake was paying them in advance , but instead of money , with beer and handfuls of acid .
While the stones were singing " Sympathy for the Devil , " a black man was beaten and stabbed to death by the Hell 's Angels .
They soon began beating everyone , include a member of the Jefferson Airplane .
My hands were clenched in fists of rage
He was pissed .
No angel born in hell could brake that Satan 's spell
" angels born in hell " a.k.a. the " Hell 's Angels ! "
When you have sympathy for the devil , you 're asking for trouble .
As the flames climbed high into the night , to light the sacrificial rite
The stones were helicoptered out of there it became so crazy , hence the " climbed high . "
It 's like the Stones started the living hell , and left in the middle of it ... what 's up with that ?
The sacrifice to the devil was the man 's life .
I saw Satan laughing with delight , the day the music died .
This was the definitive ending of the sixties .
The generation that was lost in space was now lost on earth .
Before the only violence was between the hippies and the police , now it was amongst themselves .
Satan had won , in one final blow .
Verse 6
I met a girl who sang the blues and I asked her for some happy news , but she just smiled and turned away .
Janis Joplin is most the girl who sang the blues .
Her big hits were " Piece of My Heart " and " Me and Bobby McGee . "
She died of an accidental heroin overdose on October 4 , 1970 .
McLean is still trying to find happiness like in the beginning of the song " Maybe they'd be happy for a while , " " That music used to make me smile . "
( Note the tone of the song is very similar in these to verses )
But this time the smile is n't for happiness but regret .
I went down to the sacred store
Here he 's talking about record stores that sold 50's albums .
Where I heard the music years before , but the man said the music would n't play
By the 70's , the 50's music was almost ignored by everyone .
Hundreds of great albums were released in the 60's , and it seems that everyone has forgot about the 50's .
And in the streets the children screamed
The youth of America were beaten in the streets especially at the end of the decade .
( Like I said earlier , the Kent State murders and the Chicago Democratic Convention )
The lovers cried and the poets dreamed
In Dylan 's " A Hard Rain 's A - Gonna Fall , " he says : " I met one man he was wounded in love , I met another man he was wounded in hatred , " showing that love hurts sometimes as much as hate .
But not a word was spoken .
The church bells all were broken .
Again in " A Hard Rain ... , " the line is " I saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken . "
Simon and Garfunkel had a hit with " Sound of Silence . "
The church bells all were broken shows that people have forgotten God .
All things are are so sacred are gone , love , faith , happiness , peace .
In Dylan 's " It 's Alright Ma ( I'm Only Bleeding ) , " one verse goes : Disillusioned words like bullets bark .
As human gods aim for their mark .
Made everything from toy guns that spark .
To flesh - colored Christs that glow in the dark .
It 's easy to see without looking too far .
That not much Is really sacred .
McLean is n't the only one that feels this way .
He was obviously a religious man , and is very disappointed that they have abandoned God .
And the three men I admire most , the Father , Son and Holy Ghost
The trinity of God , McLean was Catholic .
They caught the last train for the coast .
God has left .
Time magazine even featured a cover story " Is God Dead ? "
The generation has failed , and " with no time left to start again . "
It was now up to the next generation to put things right ( and they did a terrible job might I add ) .
The day the music died .
And we were singing ....
This last verse is the hardest to explain ...
Remember , McLean never would talk about what what the lyrics definitely mean , so it 's not perfectly clear .
Some people believe there were more references to the Kennedy 's ( him being the king and his wife the queen ) , but I feel his presence is felt though the songs from the 60's better .
Ps , this took me forever .
Refrain
So bye , bye Miss American Pie
Pimp Daddy McLean was dating one of the Miss America contestants during one of the pageants .
Also the " American Pie " part is a symbol of the American Dream ( at least of the 50's ) , it was also the name of the plane that crashed and killed Holly ( or so goes the rumor ) .
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
The American automobile was the Chevy .
The levee business shows that America was n't fertile anymore ( at least in the sense of music ) .
" Chevy " rhymes with " levee . "
And them good old boys were drinking whiskey and rye singing " This will be the day that I die , this will be the day
that I die . "
The traditional Americans are depressed with the current lifestyle ( 60's ) .
The song comes from Buddy Holly 's " That 'll be the day , " that eventually says " that I die . "
Another interesting note brought to my attention by Scott Tilles , is that the Levee was a bar in Purchase , NY near McLean 's hometown .
There is also a Levee , NY which is about 15 minutes from the school he attended .
Interesting ...
This was found on the following web site : http://webpub.alleg.edu/student/c/carsonm/amerpie.htm
No part of this site may be used or reproduced on other sites or in print without the permission of :
Southern Wisconsin Railcar Group .
Like most everyone else , we 're skeptical Politico -- which along with Politico.com , runs a print publication and an ad network -- can keep the momentum it 's gained during the Presidential campaign .
Surely our national attention will return to Scientology videos and overdosed and pregnant celebrities in no time .
Alas , we have a thing for contrary viewpoints and Politico bizdev exec Roy Schwartz was only too happy to share his .
He gave us three reasons why political sites and ad networks like Politico will have a better 2009 than 2008 :
The biggest spenders in political advertising are n't campaigns .
They 're advocacy groups and corporate lobbyists .
Says Schwartz : " Advocacy in an election year is actually a bad year .
You 're usually dealing with a congress that is n't passing bills and is n't open to lobbying .
There 's going to be more money spent on advocacy in 2009 then 2008 . "
Traffic will go down and that 's a good thing .
Politico and other political ad networks characterize their readers as influential government players and activist - minded political watchers .
Schwartz uses the groan - worthy term " poli-fluentials . "
Stories about Sarah Palin 's wardrobe may drive tons of traffic , but they are also make it hard to convince advertisers that it's the Washington insiders they pay $ 25 CPMs to reach are doing all the clicking .
Political sites were n't selling all their ad inventory during the election anyway .
The campaign frenzy generated more pageviews for Politico than it could sell ads for .
With more advocacy money coming and pageviews going down , the percentage of page views that actually serve paid - for advertising -- the fill rate -- will be so much higher in 2009 that revenues will go up too , says Schwartz .
See Also :
How Politics Sites Plan To Survive Post - Election
Five Thirty Eight Bloggers Clobbering Mainstream Media
Canada 's high - tech industry is calling on the federal government to commit $ 60 billion for infrastructure spending to stimulate the economy and create jobs .
The Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance , which represents some 33,000 high - tech executives and their companies , said spending on roads , bridges , mass transit , green technologies and information and communications technologies is the best way to get the country 's sluggish economy moving again .
CATA president John Reid said the $ 60 - billion price tag is in line with the $ 500 - billion stimulus package being pushed forward in the United States by president - elect Barack Obama .
" We have never gone through anything like this , " said Reid in a statement .
" The economy has flat - lined , and my members tell me that even the high - tech services sector , which is normally resistant to recession , is feeling the freeze . "
Reid said high - tech infrastructure spending should focus on expanding broadband across the country , promoting green technologies , improving health - care resources and providing tax credits for companies that market new and innovative products .
CATA is the latest group to call for a stimulus package to be added to the next federal budget .
On Monday , Atlantic province premiers called for major investment in roads , railways and ports through the Atlantic Gateway project .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/01/2008
Audio : Eavesdropping on ' The Call '
by Jeremy Hooper
Wanna hear what it sounds like when a butt load of religious folks pray and fast for the elimination of gay people 's civil equality ?
Well let 's check in with " The Call , " that disturbing evangelical event currently underway in San Diego , CA :
First up :
These three clips which primarily feature Jim Garlow , the pastor of San Diego 's Skyline Church :
( click to play )
( click to play )
( click to play )
Next up :
Here 's the majority of what Dr. Dobson had to say .
Especially listen to the end , when he " explains " how this is not about hate , but rather love .
Oh , and when he also insinuates that we who protest against anti-gays do so because of our " childhood pain " :
( click to play )
In this clip , you will hear random young people praying for the elimination of our equality .
But do n't be offended .
As you will hear pastor Miles McPherson explain , he and his followers are not " freaks " who hate gays .
They are really exterminators called upon to rid the world of satanic roaches :
( click to play )
Now here 's the Family Research Council 's Tony Perkins expains why it's not the frightening economy , the life - depriving wars , or any other modern crisis that voters should keep in mind on Tuesdays .
No , no -- it 's the gays :
( click to play )
Professional " ex - gay " Yvette Schneider explains how niceties and free cappuccinos led her to enjoy kissing boys :
( click to play )
**SEE ALSO : Mike Tidmus has more on " The Call " , as well as photos from an interfaith event that was held this morning in opposition to the anti-gay soiree :
It ’s Preyday !
[ Mike Tidmus ]
* An interesting note for anyone weaned on 80's country music : Apparently at the beginning of " The Call " , country singer Ricky Skaggs blew the shofar .
Star power , baby .
Your thoughts
If you click all the start buttons at once , it 's like they 're speaking in tongues , and then what they 're saying is even more easily identified as the nonsensical gibberish it really is .
Dobson should feel the lord 's hand across his backside !
Posted by : Mike Tidmus | Nov 1 , 2008 7:27:03 PM
" invisible battle being waged in the HEAVENLIES " What a crock !
Is that even a word ?
And , that one screaming ( praying ? ? ) chick must either believe that god is deaf , or she must be on the rag , or something .
How many tens - of - thousands ( hundreds ) did they get out to the culminatory event ?
The only pics I have seen are severe narrow angle shots at ground level , and it looked like maybe a couple thousand of the famished made it .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Nov 1 , 2008 9:00:15 PM
There Pretty GOOD !
VERY convincing !!
Sounds almost ... like ... LIKE ... A NUREMBERG RALLY
Posted by : Jeff Chang | Nov 1 , 2008 11:29:39 PM
Now you need to Google " Zombietime " and click on " Up Your Alley Fair " to see how much more normal those folks are than the crowd in San Diego .
Bill
Posted by : Bill | Nov 2 , 2008 6:02:14 PM
Perhaps it 's the lack of sleep , but the headlining picture looked quite a bit like Gary Busey and with Victoria Jackson gracing the pages in another post ... it seemed more like a call for Celebrity Rehab and an opening for the fad of snorting cocaine off a dog .
Though I 'd have to wonder what PETA 's stance on that may be .
But there is something rather entertaining in the prospect of a rather large sexually repressed pray - a - thon .
My experiences with various religious functions in my youth , reminded me that often these are the best places to get laid .
A life which denounces masturbation , female orgasms , oral sex and the worship of a drag queen with a bondage fetish , it 's fair enough to understand why they 're so frustrated .
Though the plus side , I 'd imagine it would be easier to get more hard and heavy restroom action there than spending a weekend at a bathhouse or the pottery barn .
On another note , quite a bit older : Dobson on Gender roles and preventing homosexuality within boys , by fathers ' lathering up the full monty in the shower .
" Meanwhile , the boy 's father has to do his part .
He needs to mirror and affirm his son's maleness .
He can play rough - and - tumble games with his son , in ways that are decidedly different from the games he would play with a little girl .
He can help his son learn to throw and catch a ball .
He can teach him to pound a square wooden peg into a square hole in a pegboard .
He can even take his son with him into the shower , where the boy cannot help but notice that Dad has a penis , just like his , only bigger . "
Though a square to square , a triangle to triangle , that 's all pretty queer to me .
But I suppose the focus is on the creation of size queens and chickenhawks .
Posted by : =P | Nov 4 , 2008 10:09:05 PM
You 're right , =P : Garlow totally looked like Busey at this event .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 4 , 2008 10:21:04 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
People affected by worsening storms , heatwaves and floods could soon be able to sue the oil and power companies they blame for global warming , a leading climate expert has said .
Myles Allen , a physicist at Oxford University , said a breakthrough that allows scientists to judge the role man-made climate change played in extreme weather events could see a rush to the courts over the next decade .
He said : " We are starting to get to the point that when an adverse weather event occurs we can quantify how much more likely it was made by human activity .
And people adversely affected by climate change today are in a position to document and quantify their losses .
This is going to be hugely important . "
Allen 's team has used the new technique to work out whether global warming worsened the UK floods in autumn 2000 , which inundated 10,000 properties , disrupted power supplies and led to train services being cancelled , motorways closed and 11,000 people evacuated from their homes - at a total cost of £ 1bn .
He would not comment on the results before publication , but said people affected by floods could " potentially " use a positive finding to begin legal action .
The technique involves running two computer models to simulate the conditions that led to extreme weather events .
One model includes human - caused emissions of greenhouse gases , the second assumes the industrial revolution never happened and that carbon levels in the atmosphere have not increased over the last century .
Comparing the results pins down the impact of man-made global warming .
" As the science has evolved this is now possible , it 's just a question of computing power , " he said .
Allen and his colleagues previously demonstrated that man-made warming at least doubled the risk of heatwaves such as the 2003 event that killed 27,000 people across Europe .
No legal action resulted , but Allen said that was partly because most of the deaths were in France , where the legal system makes such cases difficult .
" We can work out whether climate change has loaded the dice and made extreme weather more likely .
And once the risk is doubled , then lawyers get interested , " he said .
Peter Roderick , director of the Climate Justice programme , said the most likely route for seeking damages would be tort cases , which deal with civil wrongs .
Several have been attempted by US states against power and car companies only to be rejected by the courts .
Roderick said developing countries such as Nepal could also sue for compensation over damage caused by global warming .
" As the issue of damages gets worse and worse , the chances of this happening will get greater and greater , " he said .
" I hope it happens . "
Lawyers say it is only a matter of time before class actions are brought .
However , Stephen Tromans , an environmental law barrister , said establishing causation would be one of the main difficulties .
" It is one thing to be able to link levels of greenhouse gases with a specific event causing damage but , even assuming you can do that , quite another to establish causation against a particular company or industrial sector . "
There are legal precedents for making exceptions to normal rules of causation .
One example is the decision of the House of Lords on mesothelioma , where past employers can be liable for having contributed to the overall exposure , though the harm cannot be scientifically attributed to any specific period of employment .
" In that case an exception was made to the normal rules on causation in order to prevent an injustice that would otherwise have occurred , " Tromans said .
There may also be grounds for a case on the basis that firms have tried to misinform the public - as in US cases against tobacco firms - about the effects of their business .
Owen Lomas , head of environmental law at City firm Allen & Overy , said : " If you look at the extent to which certain major companies in the US are accused of having funded disinformation to cast doubt on the link between man-made emissions and global warming , that could open the way to litigation . "
Court Greatly Limits Software And Business Method Patents
from the huge - victory - for - innovation dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
I do n't say this often , but it looks like the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ( CAFC ) -- or " the patent court " -- got a big one mostly right .
In the rehearing of the Bilski case concerning the patentability of software and business method patents , CAFC just came out with its ruling that will significantly limit software and business method patents , bringing the rules way back towards what they were years ago , and effectively rolling back some of the earlier , dreadful , CAFC decisions that opened the barn doors towards tons and tons of software and business method patents .
The summary is that the court has said that there 's a two - pronged test to determine whether a software of business method process patent is valid : ( 1 ) it is tied to a particular machine or apparatus , or ( 2 ) it transforms a particular article into a different state or thing .
In other words , pure software or business method patents that are neither tied to a specific machine nor change something into a different state are .
That means anumber of software and business method patents are about to disappear , freeing up many industries to be much more innovative -- at a time when that 's desperately needed .
Earlier this year , I laid out the arguments on both sides of the case , surprising some by pointing out that I did not think it was right for the courts to carve out a special " exemption " for software or business model patents , but that a single standard should be applied across all patents .
From my first read of the ruling , it looks like CAFC may have gotten this right .
It does n't carve out an exception , but makes it clear what the rules are for patents , based on earlier Supreme Court rulings , and makes sure the same rules are applied across the board .
Specifically , CAFC recognizes that without that two - pronged test , the patent system effectively allows the patenting of overall concepts , rather than specific applications .
While patent system defenders always claim that " ideas are not patentable , " in practice , that was not true over the past decade .
This ruling brings things back into line .
The ruling does note that such rules may be changed in the future , as necessitated by changes in technology , but " we see no need for such a departure . "
This statement strikes me as a bit odd -- as it should n't be the court 's determination for when there should be such a " departure , " but that of the legislative body ( and you can bet lobbyists are rushing to Capitol Hill with new legislation to expand the scope of the patent system as we speak ) .
The ruling specifically addresses the State Street ruling that opened the doors to the widespread patenting of software and business methods and found that the earlier ruling erred , somewhat , in creating an improper standard for determining patentability that did not agree with Supreme Court precedent .
There are some dissenting opinions , with one that freaks out and claims that the court is usurping the legislative role , in changing what is patentable based on their own beliefs rather than what the law says .
But , in a separate concurring opinion , two of the judges rightly point out that this is incorrect , show how their ruling is consistent with the law , and suggest that the only ones going beyond what the law says are those who are aggressively trying to expand what is patentable .
However , there 's another dissenting opinion , well worth reading , that goesand argues that the CAFC ruling does n't go far enough in repudiating the State Street ruling , and even points out why the courts are wrong to claim that " anything under the sun invented by man " is patentable .
This dissent , written by Judge Mayer , is highly worth reading , showing all of the unintended consequences and harm done by the vast expansion of patentable materials -- mainly focusing on the evils of business method patents .
" Methods of doing business do not apply ' the law of nature to a new and useful end . '
Because the innovative aspect of such methods is an entrepreneurial rather than a technological one , they should be deemed ineligible for patent protection . "
Mayer points out , as we have noted repeatedly , that the clause in the Constitution that allows patents does " not grant Congress unfettered authority to issue patents , " but rather , only to issue patents that effectively promote the progress .
The dissent goes on to show how so many patents do exactly the opposite .
It 's really a fantastic read .
Well , it may take some time to digest , but it 's likely this will be appealed to the Supreme Court , so that process may take a while .
Given the Supreme Court 's recent rulings on patents , however , if I had to take a guess , I think they would support this ruling .
But , you never know until it 's decided .
This ruling will , however , send serious shockwaves through pretty much every industry -- because software and business method patents are found just about everywhere .
Companies that rely on such patents ( such as patent hoarding companies ) may have just found out their current business model is about to go away .
An awful lot of patents are now about to be invalidated , and a lot of patent lawsuits may get thrown out as the patents do not meet the criteria set forth in this decision .
You can bet , however , that the supporters of widespread software and business method patents will not go down without quite a fight .
Beyond appealing the decision , it 's likely there will be a push for a different type of patent reform in Congress that will expand the patent system to allow software and business method patents .
There will be ridiculous announcements from companies that have chosen to litigate rather than innovate , claiming that they cannot innovate ( even though they were n't ) without much broader patents that they were actually using to hinder innovation .
So , while this is a huge victory for freeing up the ability to innovate , those who have used bogus patents to profit for years cannot be expected to go along quietly .
Filed Under : bilski , business model , patents , software patents
Preparing Your Portfolio Is the Most Important Action You Can Take
When the stock market is running very hot or very cold , it is on everyone ’s mind and few conversations last very long before turning to the latest numbers .
Whether it is the dot.com boom of the 1990s or the credit crisis of 2007 , when the market is erratic and volatile , people are engaged .
The factors that lead to a boom - bust cycle in the market are important .
Investment professionals and regulators spend a great deal of time trying to understand what happens in the market during these periods .
Individual investors have little influence on the market .
While it is important to understand what happens and why , that is not the most important consideration for individual investors .
The most important influence on how your portfolio performs is how well you have prepared it .
Preparation is the only factor you can influence .
Preparation means adopting a reasonable allocation between stocks , bonds and cash .
It also means diversifying you holdings by industry sector , company size and growth and value stocks .
Most investors should consider a bond allocation equal to their age .
For example , a 45 year - old investor should have 55 percent in stocks and 45 percent in bonds .
You ca n’t know with any assurance which turns the market will take – even industry professionals do n’t know .
Read
However , if you have five or more years before you need to convert holdings to cash , the odds are good that your portfolio will do as well as possible if you maintain a reasonable allocation .
There are no guarantees in investing .
You assume that over the long - term your holdings will grow , however an assumption , even one based on historical truths , is not a guarantee .
Establishing an allocation and maintaining it is a challenging exercise .
Here ’s why :
Assume your allocation was 60 percent stocks and 40 percent bonds .
If stocks are shooting up , the temptation is to put more money into the hot side of your allocation – ride the gains up .
What this often means is investors pay inflated prices .
When the boom collapses as they all do , investors are either stuck with stock worth much less than they paid or they bail out with a loss .
The rational way to approach a rapidly expanding market is to watch your allocation and when it becomes out of balance , sell off stocks and add to bonds .
This may let you take profits , but you may miss out on some future gains .
In a rapidly dropping market , investors should consider buying stocks to maintain balance .
You may be able to buy stocks at depressed prices , which increases the odds of significant gains when the market returns .
Many investors would find their losses were lower and their gains higher if they would maintain a reasonable allocation regardless of what the market does .
If you can take a long - term approach , you could look at your holdings once a year ( or maybe once a quarter in very volatile markets ) and make adjustments .
The remainder of the time avoid the temptation to buy during a boom or sell during a bust .
An unarmed , innocent Ohio mother was shot to death by a veteran police officer during a Jan. 4 drug raid at her home .
The jury determined not - guilty verdicts for homicide and negligent assault .
According to The Blade August 5 , 2008 article , ( " Lima Police Officer Not Guilty in Deadly Raid " )
" After hearing 3 1/ 2 days of testimony in Allen County Common Pleas Court , the jury of four white men and four white women deliberated a little more than three hours before returning the not - guilty verdicts for misdemeanor charges of negligent homicide and negligent assault .
The jury had been charged with determining whether Sergeant Chavalia , 52 , was negligent when he fired his fully automatic rifle from a dark stairway at a shadowy figure he said he believed was firing at him .
His three shots killed Wilson , 26 , and injured her 1 - year - old son , Sincere , who was in her arms . "
The article states , " Mr. Kluge said no officer wants to kill another person yet many of the SWAT team members who took the stand during the trial testified that if they were placed in Sergeant Chavalia 's position , they would have done exactly what he did .
The defendant himself took the stand last week and unapologetically told the jury that as he neared the top of the staircase moments after the SWAT team burst into the Third Street house , he spotted movement down the hallway behind him .
He said he saw a shadowy figure he believed to be an adult move in and out of a bedroom doorway , appearing at the same time he heard gunfire .
He returned fire .
As it turned out , the gunfire had come from the kitchen where two members of the SWAT team had fired at two pit - bull dogs let loose on the officers by Wilson 's boyfriend , Anthony Terry , who was the target of the raid .
Police found no weapons in the house but discovered Wilson 's five other children in the bedroom where she and Sincere were shot . "
The article adds , " In closing arguments yesterday , Mr. Strausbaugh told the jury that the fact that Sergeant Chavalia fired the weapon that killed Wilson and injured her son was undisputed .
The only issue , he said , was whether he acted negligently , meaning he showed ' a substantial lapse of due care ' when he pulled the trigger .
Mr. Strausbaugh said in his mind the officer was indeed negligent : Sergeant Chavalia did not identify his target , which was in fact an unarmed mother with a baby in her arms .
He said Sergeant Chavalia 's contention that he thought the gunfire came from the bedroom was inconsistent with the testimony of the officer standing just one step behind him on the stairs who told the jury he thought the gunfire came from downstairs .
' There was n't so much as a verbal threat that came out of that room before he fired , ' Mr. Strausbaugh said .
He said the officer should be held accountable ; otherwise ' you end up with a situation like this where officers are never wrong . "
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : llvm -0.4.0.1
We have now released version 0.4.0.1 of the Haskell LLVM bindings .
( This release that is quite incompatible with the old 0.0.2 release . )
LLVM is a virtual machine and the bindings allow you to generate code for this virtual machine .
This code can then be executed by a JIT or written to a file for further processing by the LLVM tools .
The LLVM bindings has two layers .
You can either use the low level bindings that is just the same as the C bindings for the LLVM .
This level is quite unsafe as there is very little type checking .
The recommended way is a high level binding ( somewhat less complete ) which eliminates many errors by leveraging the Haskell type system .
A simple example , generating code for a function that adds two numbers and then calling it from Haskell : import Data .
Int import LLVM .
Core import LLVM .
ExecutionEngine cgplus :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( Int32 -> Int32 -> IO Int32 ) ) cgplus = createFunction InternalLinkage $ \ x y -> do r <- add x y ret r main = do ioplus <- simpleFunction cgplus let plus = unsafePurify ioplus print $ plus 20 22 Enjoy !
Bryan O'Sullivan Lennart Augustsson
This sums a lot of it up :
A week ago I wrote you just to vent and express my sadness about the ban on gay marriage ... but today after attending our rally in South Beach , I wo n't be any more .
I am not sad nor do I want to be angry any more .
I just want to do what needs to be done .
Fired up .
Ready to go .
Know Hope .
These things take time .
But we have changed consciousness and we have begun finally to tackle the last remaining obstacle .
Not our opponent 's misplaced fear and misguided panic .
But our own lack of fire , our own capitulation to the forces that would eclipse and marginalize and demean us .
When every gay person and every friend or family member of a gay person really , truly believes that the staus quo is unacceptable , we will win .
Today , I think we reached a tipping point .
Now our task is to find a way to channel that conviction more aggressively , with more focus and professionalism .
We will .
And the next generation will lead the way .
( Photo : around 3 pm in Washington DC , today , as the protest made its way to Lafayette Square . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Senior administration officials spent part of the day talking to auto executives and their lobbyists .
People briefed about the discussions said that Chrysler had asked for financing to make it to February or March and the company was hoping that the administration would decide to lend it and General Motors about $ 11 billion .
G.M. has said it needs $ 4.4 billion this month and another $ 4.4 billion next month
Image Senator Bob Corker prepared to talk to TV reporters on Friday about the failed auto bailout bill on Capitol Hill .
Credit ...
Doug Mills / The New York Times
Administration officials said they feared a collapse of one or more of the car companies could have broader implications for the economy .
Some 3,000 suppliers , for example , are owed about $ 13 billion by the auto companies , according to Neil De Koker , chief executive of the Original Equipment Suppliers Association in Troy , Mich . , a trade group that represents auto suppliers .
Most suppliers sell parts to all three companies , as well as to Japanese auto makers .
The fear is that if one of the Big Three fail , it would take down important suppliers who would then be unable to send parts to the others .
The flat financial markets on Friday appeared to give some breathing room to the administration as it worked to hammer out a plan .
Officials cautioned that this rescue plan might not resemble either the House bill or the alternative put forward by Senate Republicans .
The White House had initially expressed reluctance to intervene in the auto crisis , and instead supported redirecting $ 14 billion that Congress had allocated to help the automakers retool to make more fuel - efficient cars .
All but $ 15 billion of the first $ 350 billion of the financial rescue fund has been committed by the administration to banks and other financial institutions , and Treasury officials had been saying before Friday that they did not know whether they would seek permission from Congress to use any of the other $ 350 billion .
But Congressional leaders have said that the lawmakers have no intention of returning to Washington until the new session begins next month .
Labor leaders in Detroit hailed the announcement by the administration .
“ I think it ’s great news , the responses we ’ve been getting out of the White House and the Treasury , ” said Ron Gettelfinger , the president of the United Automobile Workers union .
“ It ’s important for the White House to exert their influence to release this money as quickly as possible .
We can not afford a run on the banks . ”
Both G.M. and Chrysler have said they are in desperate need of cash by the end of December to pay suppliers that have already delivered parts , as well as to make employee payrolls .
Rainforest Fungus Makes Diesel Compounds From Cellulose
" These are the first organisms that have been found that make many of the ingredients of diesel , " said Professor Gary Strobel from Montana State University .
" This is a major discovery . "
The discovery may offer an alternative to fossil fuels , said Strobel , MSU professor of plant sciences and plant pathology , who travels the world looking for exotic plants that may contain beneficial microbes .
The find is even bigger , he said , than his 1993 discovery of fungus that contained the anticancer drug taxol .
Strobel 's paper , published in the November issue of the journal " Microbiology , " is based on his discovery of the unique properties of the Patagonian fungus , called Gliocladium roseum .
Professor Gary Strobel in the Patagonian rainforest ( Photos courtesy Gary Strobel )
" Gliocladium roseum lives inside the Ulmo tree in the Patagonian rainforest , " Strobel begins , telling the story of how he and his team learned that they had found an entirely new source of fuel .
" We were trying to discover totally novel fungi in this tree by exposing its tissues to the volatile antibiotics of the fungus Muscodor albus , " Strobel recounts .
" Quite unexpectedly , G. roseum grew in the presence of these gases when almost all other fungi were killed .
It was also making volatile antibiotics . "
" Then when we examined the gas composition of G. roseum , we were totally surprised to learn that it was making a plethora of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon derivatives .
The results were totally unexpected and very exciting and almost every hair on my arms stood on end ! "
Strobel calls the fuel produced by the fungus " myco- diesel , " from the Greek - derived root word for the study of fungi - mycology .
" This is the only organism that has ever been shown to produce such an important combination of fuel substances , " said Strobel .
" The fungus can even make these diesel compounds from cellulose , which would make it a better source of biofuel than anything we use at the moment . "
Intense research into ways of making ethanol fuel directly from cellulose now is taking place in public , private and university labs , and several companies are producing demonstration scale cellulosic ethanol from wood waste , from municipal solid waste and from agricultural residue .
Nearly 430 million tons of plant waste are produced from U.S. farmland alone every year , material that scientists are learning to convert to biofuel .
In current biofuel production , this waste is treated with enzymes called cellulases that turn the cellulose into sugar .
Microbes then ferment the sugar into ethanol that can be used as a fuel .
" We were very excited to discover that G. roseum can digest cellulose , " Strobel said .
" Although the fungus makes less myco - diesel when it feeds on cellulose compared to sugars , new developments in fermentation technology and genetic manipulation could help improve the yield . "
" When crops are used to make biofuel they have to be processed before they can be turned into useful compounds by microbes , " said Strobel .
" G. roseum can make myco - diesel directly from cellulose , the main compound found in plants and paper . "
Culture plate of Gliocladium roseum , a fungus that produces myco-diesel hydrocarbons
In the rainforest , G. roseum produces lots of long chain hydrocarbons and other biological molecules .
When the researchers grew it in the lab , it produced fuel that is even more similar to the diesel we put in our cars .
The majority of hydrocarbons found naturally occur in crude oil , where decomposed organic matter provides carbon and hydrogen .
When bonded , these elements can form seemingly limitless chains of molecules .
Professor Strobel , who travels the world looking for exotic plants that may contain beneficial microbes , says his discovery brings into question our knowledge of the way fossil fuels are made .
The accepted theory is that crude oil , which is used to make diesel , is formed from the remains of dead plants and animals that have been exposed to heat and pressure for millions of years .
Strobel speculates , " If fungi like this are producing myco - diesel all over the rainforest , they may have contributed to the formation of fossil fuels . "
Strobel is the lead author of the paper published in " Microbiology . "
His MSU co-authors are Berk Knighton and Tom Livinghouse in the Department of Chemistry / Biochemistry , and Katreena Kluck and Yuhao Ren in the Department of Plant Sciences and Plant Pathology .
Other co-authors are Meghan Griffin and Daniel Spakowicz from Yale University and Joe Sears from the Center for Lab Services in Pasco , Washington .
Researchers in government agencies and private industry have already shown interest in the fungi .
A team to conduct further research has been established between MSU 's College of Engineering and researchers at Yale University .
One member of the team is Strobel 's son , Scott , who is chairman of molecular biophysics and biochemistry at Yale and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Professor .
The MSU - Yale team will investigate a variety of questions , including the genetic makeup of Gliocladium roseum .
Scott Strobel said his team is already screening the fungus ' genome .
Besides determining the complete genetic makeup of the fungus , they will run a series of genetic and biochemical tests to identify the genes responsible for its diesel - making properties .
" The broader question is , what is responsible for the production of these compounds , " Scott Strobel said .
" If you can identify that , you can hopefully scale it up so you end up with better efficiency of production . "
Scientists in a variety of disciplines may be able to combine their talents to optimize production and find a way to turn what is essentially a vapor into a burnable , liquid fuel .
... a meet and greet with the GeForce GTX 295
Product : GeForce GTX 295 Manufacturer : NVIDIA
Part number : TBA Information : nvidia Street price : 499 USD
Heeyaheeya - wooohaheeya ... it 's unexpected preview time ladies and gentlemen .
It 's been a while since ATI introduced their Radeon 4870 X2 graphics card , and well ...
NVIDIA just did n't have a product around to counteract that steamy X2 .
Today is the day that we can lift up a big chunk of mystery that you guys have heard about in the rumor channel for a while now .
It 's the GeForce GTX 295 .
As usual , the rumors were pretty accurate .
The GeForce GTX 295 will be an all new dual - GPU graphics card from NVIDIA based on the 55nm GeForce GTX 200 derivatives .
With that knowledge in mind , today we 'll present you a fairly deep preview of what 's to come .
NVIDIA will launch new 55nm parts at CES 2009 in Las Vegas , January 8th .
Much like ATI did , NVIDIA also wanted to get an early engineering sample to some selected members of the press .
Guru3D is one of the few websites allowed to publish a sneak peek , as heck ... this stuff is really our cup of tea is n't it ?
Since the board we received is an early production sample , the power management features were not yet finalized in the BIOS and drivers .
So this preview will be very much focused on the physical product and of course its performance .
The temperature delta , power consumption etc. we 'll show you in the final review in early January .
Obviously we 'll talk a little about what we are dealing with over the next few pages ... do a nice photo shoot and then I 'll grab the current leading game titles to see where we are performance wise with the GeForce GTX 295 .
Of course we 'll compare it directly with the competing product from AMD , the mighty ATI Radeon 4870 X2 , as the sole reason for the GTX 295 to even exist is that funky red colored dual - GPU based card from ATI .
Lets browse to the next page , but not before I show you a glimpse of what we are testing today ...
Click to view
The worst thing about Hollywood 's plague of crappy SF remakes is , you get numb .
You forget just how epically awful some of them were , even compared to Keanu / Klaatu .
Here are the ten absolute worst remakes .
Advertisement
We 're not just talking Day The Earth Stood Still bad .
I know , I know - your head is still throbbing from the severe mediocrity and that slow , slow slide into the drool pond that happens after Klaatu takes off to travel around Upstate New York .
But really - Keanu 's insult to your senses is just the most recent , not the worst .
Here .
Let 's refresh your memory .
Advertisement
Planet Of The Apes
The culprit : Tim Burton , plus a whole crew of performing monkeys .
Why the hate ?
Burton 's remake of the 1970s classic is just cheesy in the wrong way .
Too many supposedly clever lines like " Extremism in the defense of apes is no vice . "
Helena Bonham - Carter delivers a career - worst performance as a crusader for human rights .
Even the usually reliable Paul Giamatti is scary bad as a cowardly slave - trader .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The Island Of Doctor Moreau
The culprit : Really , it sounds like the blame belongs with star Val Kilmer , who demanded that original director , Richard Stanley be fired .
Then new director John Frankenheimer got into fights with Kilmer , and the shoot devolved into a shambles .
Why the hate ?
Webomatica sums up :
The original director was fired .
Actors including Fairuza Balk walked off the set .
The script was rewritten while shooting .
This chaos was an ideal home for Brando 's notorious antics and in one scene he wears an ice bucket on his head because … well , he was bored and nobody dared say no to the great actor .
I wonder if other ideas like the white clown makeup or the piano duet with Mini Skinless Chicken were his , too .
Val Kilmer was going through a divorce , called the shoot " crazy , " and improvised much of his performance , phoning in a mouthful of marbles Brando impersonation at one point .
The original director sneaked back on set just to participate , as an extra in furry makeup .
Is there an Island of Dr. Moreau in Second Life ?
Advertisement
Invasion
Advertisement
The culprits : Director Oliver Hirschbiegel and star Nicole Kidman .
Why the hate ?
Actually , it starts out reasonably well .
It 's only once we get the revamped explanation of what 's going on - there are no body snatchers , it 's just a weird prozac - esque parasite - that it slides down hill .
The last half hour , including the weak happy ending , are where it really loses its grip .
Stepford Wives
The culprit : Oh Nicole Kidman , what are you trying to do to us ?
Plus normally great director Frank Oz. Yoda , what were you thinking ?
Why the hate ?
Oh man , where to start ?
For starters , you have the same excessive campiness and winking that ruined Burton 's Apes .
And then you have the same desire to throw away the premise of the original that ruined Invasion - the wives are n't robots , but humans controlled by an implanted chip .
Also , like Invasion , it has a tacked - on happy ending .
Advertisement
Rollerball
The culprit : John McTiernan
Why the hate ?
I skipped this film , but the consensus on Rotten Tomatoes ( where it gets a 4 percent rating ) is that it skips everything that made the 1970s original into one of my fave movies .
The social critique and future dystopia are gone , replaced with some vague Russian mobster plot .
Worse yet , it 's non -stop action but you can't even tell what 's happening .
Turkish Star Wars
The culprit : Turkish censors , who would n't let the actual Star Wars into the country , thus necessitating a quick - and - dirty remake , complete with clips from the real thing .
Why the hate ?
It 's not hate in this instance , it 's love .
This film is so cheap and badly made , it falls clearly into so - bad - it 's - good territory .
And at the end the hero karate - chops Darth Vader so hard , Vader 's head splits in half , down the middle .
Here 's the whole movie , see for yourself :
Click to view
Advertisement
Head - Splitting Karate Chop Makes Tie Fighters Explode Darth Vader tosses throwing - stars the size of dinner plates at Luke Skywalker .
Who then unmasks …
Read more
Godzilla
The culprit : Roland Emmerich .
Who else ?
Why the hate ?
I asked Annalee why she hated this movie , and she said , " Bad monster .
CGI monster bad . "
The Time Machine
The culprit : Simon Wells , the great - grandson of H.G. Wells .
Why the hate ?
I actually have a total soft spot for this movie , but I have to admit it 's pretty bad .
One huge problem : there 's a sequence where New York is destroyed due to a botched lunar colonization attempt in 2037 .
This could have been a great sequence , but instead it was cut heavily because the film came out right after 9/11 .
Also , the second half of the film , where he goes to live among the Eloi , is just ridiculously cheesetastic .
But I do like the idea that human science basically peaked in 2037 , and then never recovered from the disaster for hundreds of years after .
Advertisement
I Am Legend
The culprit : Francis Lawrence , plus star Will Smith .
Plus the studio suits who made them reshoot the ending .
Why the hate ?
I actually like the first half of this movie just fine .
Plus this film really has to work hard to be worse than the Charlton Heston film Omega Man .
( Which is also a remake , of The Last Man . )
The movie just runs into major trouble once the crappy CGI zombies show up .
The second half feels kind of like a letdown after the spooky first half , and the new ending is kind of blah .
Here , for the record , is the original ending , which is still meh but better than what they finally went with .
The Nutty Professor
The culprit : Star Eddie Murphy , first and foremost .
Why the hate ?
Okay , maybe I 'm crazy , but I kind of like the original Nutty , with Jerry Lewis .
Murphy ruins the remake with his fatsuit obsession , turning the dichotomy between the Professor and Buddy Love into a super annoying fat guy , skinny guy riff .
Plus , Murphy takes the thing of playing a hundred characters ( which worked okay in Coming To America ) and pushes it way over the line .
The result takes a fable of a nerd trying to improve his social skills and way over - reaching into jerkdom , and turns it into a broad comedy about fatness and fart jokes .
Advertisement
PARIS  A large French mutual bank , Groupe Caisse d’Épargne , said Friday that it had lost 600 million euros , or $ 807 million , as a result of unauthorized derivatives trading by a team on the bank ’s own account .
The lender , which is in merger talks with a French rival , said in a statement that the loss was the result of “ extreme market volatility ” last week , and that the position had been closed .
The losses resulted from bad bets on derivatives linked to the direction of the CAC - 40 , the French equivalent of the Dow Jones industrial average , according to French officials .
A spokeswoman for the bank sought to distinguish these losses from the multibillion - dollar loss inflicted on Société Générale by Jérôme Kerviel , the rogue trader who made headlines early this year .
“ The traders took more risk in terms of the volume and the amount that was authorized , ” she said .
Britney Spears " Circus " Debuts At # 1
The career comeback strategy at campappears to be working .
Nielsen SoundScan estimates that Circus has sold 500,000 copies during release week , putting her in top spot on the album charts .
Said Barry Weiss , chairman and CEO of the BMG Label Group , " This is going to reinforce her icon status , it 's not just a No. 1 album . "
Actually this is her second comeback attempt .
She also came out of the blocks with a strong showing when Blackout released .
It quickly faded because she was not able to properly participate in its promotion because her life at that time was in total chaos .
The train wreck for Brit seemed to escalate in 2007 and come to a head with a court ordered 72 hour hospital stay at the end of January 2008 .
She battled in court over the custody of her sons and relinquished control of her business and personal affairs to her father , Jamie Spears .
Her turn around has been slow and steady and calculated to restore her image and her singing career .
Her biggest cheerleader , manager Larry Rudolph had this to say about his client , " At the end of the day , I think she is America 's pop princess . "
The verdict is still out but things are definitely moving in the right direction .
Poster photo gallery below .
It ’s all over the internets and you would n’t love me anymore if I did n’t give my two cents on the whole thing .
The parents of a man who killed himself after being picked on in school for being a conservative , republican Christian who was “ doing well ” in Biology class , despite following the cult of Intelligent Design , have blamed Richard Dawkins ’ book ‘ The God Delusion ’ for his death .
[ More ]
A particular chapter in the book is receiving the strongest criticism — albeit most vocally from the worldnetdaily.com — not exactly known for their journalistic integrity when it comes to matters of scientific truth , versus religious fiction .
The chapter in question deals with what Richard Feynman often called the inconceivable nature of nature — the ordinary chemicals and enzymes which , when left to rankle for a couple of hundred million years , on our planet at least , evolved into me and you , the trees , the birds — everything !
A copy of the best selling book owned by the deceased was bookmarked on a section towards the end , which challenges the arrogant certainties of fundamentalist Christians using objective , unfalsifiable , deductive logic ( widely mistaken by creationists as merely the author ’s subjective opinion ) to explain how , while we might like to think of ourselves as capable of knowing all that can be known , we are in fact only capable of understanding a very small part of the total system , before mathematical reasoning is the only way to distinguish between what we would like to be the truth and what is actually , provably true .
What more evidence could you wish for that religious extremism of any kind is child abuse by any other name to say that , far from the following passage being inspirational , it is actually the cause of a very vulnerable young man ’s death ?
What kind of deluded fool do you have to have allowed yourself to have become , to actively preach against logic and reason ?
How — I simply ask you , my sexually attractive readers — could ANYONE read the following passage of text , taken from Dawkins ’ book , and not be inspired to live the rest of their all - too - short , precariously improbably lives , happily free of the tyranny of religious non-thinking , with its false promises and evil lies ?
Once again , the perceptions that we call colours are tools used by our brains to label important distinctions in the outside world .
Perceived hues – what philosophers call qualia – have no intrinsic connection with lights of particular wavelengths .
They are internal labels that are available to the brain , when it constructs its model of external reality , to make distinctions that are especially salient to the animal concerned .
In our case , or that of a bird , that means light of different wavelengths .
In a bat ’s case , I have speculated , it light be surfaces of different echoic properties or textures , perhaps red for shiny , blue for velvety , green for abrasive .
And in a dog’s or a rhino ’s case , why should it not be smells ?
The power to imagine the alien world of a bat or a rhino , a pond skater or a mole , a bacterium or a bark beetle , is one of the privileges science grants us when it tugs at the black cloth of our burka and shows us the wider range of what is out there for our delight .
The metaphor of Middle World – of the intermediate range of phenomena that the narrow slit in our burka permits us to see – applies to yet other scales or ‘ spectrums ’ .
We can construct a scale of improbabilities , with a similarly narrow window through which our intuition and imagination are capable of going .
At one extreme of the spectrum of improbabilities are those would - be events that we call impossible .
Miracles are events that are extremely improbable .
A statue of a madonna could wave its hand at us .
The atoms that make up its crystalline structure are all vibrating back and forth .
Because there are so many of them , and because there is no agreed preference in their direction of motion , the hand , as we see it in Middle World , stays rock steady .
But the jiggling atoms in the hand could all just happen to move in the same direction at the same time .
And again .
And again . . .
In this case the hand would move , and we ’d see it waving at us .
It could happen , but the odds against are so great that , if you had set out writing the number at the origin of the universe , you still would not have written enough zeroes to this day .
The power to calculate such odds – the power to
quantify the near - impossible rather than just throw up our hands in despair – is another example of the liberating benefactions of science to the human spirit .
Evolution in Middle World has ill equipped us to handle very improbable events .
But in the vastness of astronomical space , or geological time , events that seem impossible in Middle World turn out to be inevitable .
Science flings open the narrow window through which we are accustomed to viewing the spectrum of possibilities .
We are liberated by calculation and reason to visit regions of possibility that had once seemed out of bounds or inhabited by dragons .
We have already made use of this widening of the window in Chapter 4 , where we considered the improbability of the origin of life and how even a near - impossible chemical event must come to pass given enough planet years to play with ; and where we considered the spectrum of possible universes , each with its own set of laws and constants , and the anthropic necessity of finding ourselves in one of the minority of friendly places .
How should we interpret Haldane ’s ‘ queerer than we can suppose ’ ?
Queerer than can , in principle , be supposed ?
Or just queerer than we can suppose , given the limitation of our brains ’ evolutionary apprenticeship in Middle World ?
Could we , by training and practice , emancipate ourselves from Middle World , tear off our black burka , and achieve some sort of intuitive – as well as just mathematical – understanding of the very small , the very large , and the very fast ?
I genuinely do n’t know the answer , but I am thrilled to be alive at a time when humanity is pushing against the limits of understanding .
Even better , we may eventually discover that there are no limits .
[ Thanks to ryansound.blogspot.com ]
Wrapping one helicopter is easy .
More than one and you run into trouble ( Image : Roger Bamber / Rex )
Try to solve two of Professor Stewart ’s puzzles here
WHEN I was 14 years old , I started a notebook of every interesting thing I could find out about mathematics that was n’t taught at school .
My notebook grew to a set of six , which I still have , and then spilled into a filing cabinet .
Its contents are a miscellany of mathematical games , puzzles , stories and factoids .
I recently compiled this miscellany into the book Professor Stewart ’s Cabinet of Mathematical Curiosities .
It was fun to go through all those old oddities , not least because it reminded me about , what in my view , is the strangest conjecture in the whole of mathematics – the sausage conjecture .
A conjecture is a statement that mathematicians think could be true , but which no one has yet proved or disproved .
It is a problem waiting to be solved , where we have reason to think we know what answer to expect .
The sausage conjecture appears to deal with a simple problem , yet a proof has proved elusive .
It asks how efficiently circles or spheres can be wrapped .
If you arrange a number of identical circles in the same plane and tie a length of string tightly around them , which arrangement minimises the area inside the string ?
Santa and his elves would encounter exactly this problem if they were looking to free up some space on the sleigh .
Mathematicians could offer them some help because they have thought long and hard about how to pack things into the smallest possible space .
Not that …
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Millions of youngsters across Europe could suffer permanent hearing loss after five years if they listen to MP3 players at too high a volume for more than five hours a week , EU scientists warned Monday .
A model rests on the floor backstage before the Autumn / Winter 2007 - 2008 Portugal Fashion week in Porto March 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Miguel Vidal
The scientists ’ study , requested by the European Commission , attacked the concept of “ leisure noise , ” saying children and teenagers should be protected from increasingly high sound levels -- with loud mobile phones also coming in for criticism .
“ There has been increasing concern about exposure from the new generation of personal music players which can reproduce sounds at very high volumes without loss of quality , ” the Commission , the EU ’s executive arm , said in a statement .
“ Risk for hearing damage depends on sound level and exposure time , ” it said .
More and more young people were exposed to the significant threat that leisure noise posed to hearing , it said .
Commission experts estimate that between 50 and 100 million people listen to portable music players on a daily basis .
If they listened for only five hours a week at more than 89 decibels , they would already exceed EU limits for noise allowed in the workplace , they said .
But if they listened for longer periods , they risked permanent hearing loss after five years .
The scientists calculated the number of people in that risk category at between five and 10 percent of listeners , meaning up to 10 million people in the European Union .
Sales of personal music players have soared in EU countries in recent years , particularly of MP3 players .
Commission experts estimate unit sales between 184 and 246 million for all portable audio devices just over the last four years , of which MP3 players range between 124 and 165 million .
Mobile phones used at excessive volume also came under fire from Meglena Kuneva , the EU ’s consumer affairs commissioner .
“ I am concerned that so many young people ... who are frequent users of personal music players and mobile phones at high acoustic levels , may be unknowingly damaging their hearing irrevocably , ” she said in the statement .
By Max Deveson
BBC News , Washington
The vote tally from the last state finally came in on Wednesday , more than two weeks after election day - John McCain has won in the state of Missouri .
Missouri voters have ended their winning streak Nothing surprising about this .
The state voted for Mr McCain 's Republican colleague George W Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
But on the other hand , a pattern has been broken .
Until this year , Missouri had voted for the winning candidate every year since 1956 - and , if you disregard 1956 , from as far back as 1904 .
So the Show - Me state is no longer America 's bellwether - the state that reflects the views of the nation as a whole .
Was 2008 a blip , or a sign that Missouri is no longer representative of the US ?
More Republican
The figures show an exceptionally close race , one reason it has taken so long to produce a result .
MISSOURI RESULT John McCain : 1,445,812 ( 49 % ) Barack Obama : 1,442,180 ( 49 % ) Ralph Nader ( Independent ) : 17,813 ( 1 % ) Bob Barr ( Libertarian ) : 11,386 Chuck Baldwin ( CST ) : 8,201 State results may not be certified until 9 December John McCain beat Barack Obama by a small but significant 3,632 votes , according to the final , ( as - yet uncertified ) vote count .
The gap between the third and fourth - placed candidates was considerably wider .
So Missouri could easily have voted for the winner in 2008 too .
But it did n't and in fact the writing has been on the wall for Missouri for several years now .
In the past few elections , the state has become increasingly Republican .
In 1996 , Missouri voted for Bill Clinton by a margin of 6.3 percentage points , just 2.32 percentage points below Mr Clinton 's national margin of victory .
BELLWETHER : 1 . the leading sheep of a flock , often with a bell on its neck 2 . a leader or indicator of a trend
Concise Oxford English dictionary
In 2000 , that gap grew to 3.86 points , by 2004 it had reached 4.84 points , and in 2008 Missouri was 6.89 points more Republican than the nation as a whole .
What has changed ?
Demographically , Missouri used to be a microcosm of America .
With its identical combination of urban centres and rural areas , and a similar racial mix to America as a whole , it was little surprise that Missouri voted along the same lines as the nation .
But America 's racial mix is changing - and Missouri is not keeping up with the changes .
African - Americans make up 11.3 % of Missouri 's population , similar to the 12.3 % of African - Americans nationwide .
But the fastest - growing ethnic group in America is Hispanic - and Missouri 's Hispanic population is just 3 % , compared to the 12.5 % national average .
Hispanic voters backed Barack Obama nationally by a ratio of two to one - so Missouri 's relative lack of Hispanics may well have made a difference .
Missouri also has a greater share of evangelical Christian voters than America as a whole , a group that tends to vote Republican .
' Fruitless search '
Now that Missouri 's decades - long winning streak has run out , which state can lay claim to the title of America 's bellwether ?
No state comes close to an exact replica of the complex and ever - changing demographics of the United States
Dr Larry Sabato
University of Virginia
Ohio now boasts the longest unbroken run - it has correctly voted for the winner in every presidential election since 1960 .
Nevada also has a strong claim - it has only voted for the losing candidate once since 1912 ( in 1976 ) .
But Josh Goodman , of Governing.com makes the case for Iowa .
The Hawkeye state has not been good at picking winners - it voted for the losing candidate in 1960 , 1976 , 1988 and 2000 , but in percentage terms , it 's never been far wrong .
The percentage gap between the two main candidates has been within about 2.5 % of the gap between the candidates at national level in the last five elections .
Larry Sabato , Professor of Political Science at the University of Virginia , says that ultimately , trying to identify bellwethers may not be a worthwhile enterprise .
" The search for a bellwether is both eternal and fruitless . " he told BBC News .
" No state comes close to an exact replica of the complex and ever - changing demographics of the United States .
[ America ] may have Holiday Inns and McDonalds restaurants everywhere , but it really is n't homogenised . "
Political junkies and amateur psephologists will probably always be obsessed with identifying the states - and even the counties - that reflect the views of the nation as a whole .
From now on , however , they will stop focusing quite so much on Missouri .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The White House said on Tuesday President George W. Bush did not link support for economic stimulus measures or further aid to U.S. automakers to congressional passage of free trade pacts in a meeting with President - elect Barack Obama .
“ The president did not suggest a quid - pro- quo , ” White House spokeswoman Dana Perino told reporters , adding , however , that Bush did speak to Obama about the merits of free trade .
An Obama adviser , speaking on condition of anonymity , also said Bush did not link the issues in their White House meeting on Monday .
The New York Times , citing people familiar with the discussion , reported Bush indicated he might support further aid to struggling automakers and a broader economic stimulus package if Democrats in Congress passed a stalled free - trade agreement with Colombia .
At the meeting , Obama urged Bush to use existing bailout measures to help the ailing industry on top of a $ 25 billion loan packaged approved in September , another Obama aide said .
That aide , who insisted on anonymity , said Obama suggested accelerating implementation of the current loan package and exploring avenues that exist under current law .
Obama suggested identifying someone in charge of the auto issue who would have authority to bring about reforms that would lead to a viable auto industry , the aide said .
Obama also raised the need for a second stimulus plan that would create jobs and help relieve “ the squeeze on families , ” the aide said .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
EXISTING PACKAGE
The Bush administration said any new and substantial money for manufacturers could come out of the existing loan package , which was passed to help Detroit make more fuel - efficient vehicles .
But any change would require additional legislative action , White House spokesman Tony Fratto said .
“ We ’re open to ideas from Congress to accelerate funds they ’ve already appropriated in the auto loan program -- as long as funding will continue to go to viable firms and with strong taxpayer protections , ” Fratto said .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Detroit has asked for up to $ 25 billion in additional loans to stave off collapse .
U.S. auto sales are plunging and General Motors Corp , Chrysler LLC and Ford Motor Co , are burning through billions of dollars of cash monthly .
Automakers privately say the financing for fuel - efficient vehicles would take too long to obtain and has too many strings attached to help shake the current crisis .
They would like another $ 25 billion later to reduce retiree health - care costs .
Top congressional Democrats asked Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson on Saturday to consider using the $ 700 billion financial bailout initiative that has so far covered banks and other financial services companies to help automakers as well .
Congress next week could act to increase the flexibility of the bailout program if Treasury balks .
Obama , who takes office on January 20 , said in a news conference on Friday that aid for automakers is a high priority of his transition team .
Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said on the plane back from Washington after the meeting on Monday that Obama did not ask Bush for help for a specific American automaker .
BOSTON , Mass . ( Dec. 21 , 2008 ) -- Modern humans left Africa over 60,000 years ago in a migration that many believe was responsible for nearly all of the human population that exist outside Africa today .
Now , researchers have revealed that men and women were n't equal partners in that exodus .
By tracing variations in the X chromosome and in the non-sex chromosomes , the researchers found evidence that men probably outnumbered women in that migration .
The scientists expect that their method of comparing X chromosomes with the other non-gender specific chromosomes will be a powerful tool for future historical and anthropological studies , since it can illuminate differences in female and male populations that were inaccessible to previous methods .
While the researchers cannot say for sure why more men than women participated in the dispersion from Africa - - or how natural selection might also contribute to these genetic patterns -- the study 's lead author , Alon Keinan , notes that these findings are " in line with what anthropologists have taught us about hunter - gatherer populations , in which short distance migration is primarily by women and long distance migration primarily by men . "
###
These findings were published Dec 21 , 2008 online in Nature Genetics .
We ’ve all had pumpkin pie and it seems everyone has a favorite recipe or variation of it , but what about when you want to eat seasonally , but are n’t craving sweets ?
Here are 10 pumpkin recipes to satisfy your savory side and take advantage of the current farmers market bounty .
Roasted Pumpkin and Garlic Soup –
As the weather cools , there ’s nothing more comforting than a big bowl of warm soup .
This creamy recipe is loaded with roasted garlic to keep those sniffles away .
Chili Pumpkin Cranberry Risotto with Spicy Toasted Pumpkin Seeds –
When you want to impress your loved ones & make their taste buds dance , no one does it better than Isa Chandra Moskowitz , author of Veganomicon .
This risotto is sure to be a hit any meal .
Smoky Pumpkin Hummus – Craving a festive party dip to share with friends ?
Julie Hasson and Everyday Dish TV serve up this spin on the Mediterranean classic , complete with a video tutorial .
Soft Pumpkin Pretzels – Giant , doughy pretzels do n’t have to be from a stand at the county fair .
Make your own pumpkin infused version with this recipe .
Black Bean and Pumpkin Chili – Hearty comfort food is where it ’s at and this is as perfect for serving to your Sunday afternoon football crowd , as it is for a quiet night in front of the fire .
Thai - Style Shredded Pumpkin –
For a quick and easy pumpkin dish , try a Thai inspired twist with this delicious stir fry .
You ’ll have dinner on the table in no time !
Fresh Pumpkin Pasta –
This is another easy , yet impressive dish to make .
If you really want to get in the spirit , top it with a Fire Roasted Tomato Pumpkin Sauce .
Autumn Millet Bake – Author Mark Bittman claims to know “ How to Cook Everything Vegetarian ” including this quintessential seasonal casserole with a wonderful hint of fresh sage .
Stuffed Pumpkins with Herbs and Bread Crumbs –
Do you have vegetarians coming to the table at Thanksgiving ?
These mini stuffed pumpkins make for a lovely presentation and are sure to delight all .
Indian Pumpkin Curry – Pumpkin , red chilis , and freshly grated coconut collide in this sweet and spicy dish , perfect for serving over basmati rice .
Photo Credit : Teo on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Enchiladas from my real , live Mexican great uncle .
It ’s true !
( So what if it was only by marriage , and so what if I have absolutely no interesting ethnicity in my bloodstream ? )
My mom has made these enchiladas for decades , and I feel I have been commissioned to pass them on to you .
Step # 1 – The Sauce
In a large saucepan over medium heat , add oil and flour and whisk together to make a paste , cooking for one minute .
Pour in the red sauce , chicken broth , cilantro , salt and pepper .
Bring to a boil .
Reduce heat and simmer 30 - 45 minutes .
Step # 2 – The Meat Brown the meat with onions in a skillet .
Drain off fat .
Stir in 2 cans diced green chilies and seasoned salt .
Set aside .
Step # 3 – Tortillas
Heat canola oil in a small skillet over medium heat .
One by one , using tongs , fry tortillas in oil until soft , not crisp – about 30 seconds per side .
Remove to a paper — towel lined plate .
Repeat until all tortillas have been fried .
Step # 4 – Assembly Preheat oven to 350 degrees .
Pour ½ cup red sauce in bottom of baking pan .
Spread to even out .
Dip each tortilla into red sauce , then remove to work surface .
Spoon meat , a little grated cheese , a little black olives , and green onions in the center of tortilla .
Roll up and place , seam down , in baking pan .
Repeat until pan is filled .
Pour extra red sauce over enchiladas .
Top with remaining cheddar cheese .
Bake for 20 minutes or until bubbly .
Sprinkle cilantro over enchiladas before serving .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Okay , people .
Let ’s get down to business here .
Let ’s make enchiladas !
Did you know that in addition to having an imaginary black grandpa , I actually had a great uncle from Mexico ?
It ’s true !
And so what if it was only by marriage , and so what if I have absolutely no interesting ethnicity in my bloodstream ?
See , my dad ’s dad , who died before I was born , rest his soul , had a sister named Fleda Mae , rest her soul , and Fleda Mae was married to a Mexican man named Luchan , rest his soul .
I remember both Fleda Mae and Luchan fondly , but besides their friendly , loving nature and the fact that they lived in Bakersfield , California , I do n’t remember too much about them .
I do remember Fleda Mae ’s high pitched and very sweet voice .
And I definitely remember Luchan ’s enchiladas .
My mom has made these enchiladas for decades , after Luchan showed her the way , the truth , and the life , and that no one can come to the enchilada except through him .
Once my mother became a believer , she passed that belief onto me and my other siblings , and I feel I have been commissioned to pass the love on to you .
So c’mon — let ’s get rrrready to rrrrrrumble !
Before we begin , let me explain that there are three separate components to these enchiladas : THE SAUCE .
THE MEAT .
And THE REST .
So I ’ll split up the Cast of Characters accordingly .
For the sauce , you ’ll need canned Mexican red sauce ( or enchilada sauce ) , low sodium chicken broth , canola oil , flour , salt , pepper , and cilantro .
Let me repeat : this is for THE SAUCE .
Let ’s get the sauce going first .
Okay ?
Okay .
Throw 1 tablespoon canola oil into a medium saucepan , followed by 1 tablespoon flour .
Whisk it together over medium - low heat .
Keep whisking as it cooks , and continue cooking for about 2 or 3 minutes .
This is the base for the sauce .
Luchan said so !
Pour in the red sauce ( note that some canned Mexican sauce is quite PICOSO [ look it up ] so you ’ll want to do your homework if you ’re sensitive to flames shooting from your eyeballs ) and chicken broth and stir the mix together .
Add 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper .
Yeah .
I mean the powdery stuff .
Also add 1/2 teaspoon salt .
Give the sauce a good stir , and let it simmer on really low heat while you mess around with the other stuff .
Now .
let ’s make THE MEAT !
For the meat , you ’ll need … well , MEAT .
Ground beef , onion , canned diced green chilies , and salt .
Not cilantro .
It sneaked into the photo .
Sorry .
Happens .
Begin by dicing the onion .
Are you tired of my showing you how to dice an onion ?
Because I do n’t see myself stopping anytime soon .
I ’m all about breaking things down here on The Pioneer Woman Cooks .
Throw the onions into a large skillet with a tablespoon or so of canola oil .
Saute over medium heat for a couple of minutes .
Then brown the hamburger .
Once it ’s brown , dump in two cans of green chilies .
( Oh , and you can drain the fat off the hamburger before adding the chilies if you feel like being a health nut or a responsible citizen . )
Go ahead and add a little salt to the meat .
Now turn off the heat and tell the meat to cool its heels for awhile .
Next component : THE REST .
For THE REST , you ’ll need corn tortillas , chopped black olives , sliced green onions , and freshly grated sharp cheddar cheese .
I say “ freshly grated ” because although I have nothing whatsoever against convenience foods —
I think I ’ve established that here , ad nauseam — I find that grating cheddar cheese from a block results in a yummier , melty - er cheesy goodness .
You ’ll just have to trust me on this one .
Plus , it ’s cheaper that way !
Love , Mrs. Frugal .
Yeah , right .
Anyway , in a small skillet over medium heat , fry individual corn tortillas just until soft .
You do n’t want them to get crispy at all — just soft and a little blistered , about 30 seconds per side .
Place tortillas on a paper towel - lined plate and keep warm while you finish them all up .
Now , back to THE SAUCE :
Right at the end , throw in 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro .
Give it a stir .
Now it ’s time to ASSEMBLE the enchiladas .
One by one , using tongs , dip each tortilla into the warm sauce .
( Sometimes the tortillas are such that they ’ll fall apart if you leave them in the sauce too long .
Just gauge the tortillas as you go and you ’ll be fine . )
“ Gauge the tortillas as you go … ”
That ’s a really weird phrase .
Lay the sauce - coated tortillas flat , then spoon on some of the meat mixture and a some of the chopped black olives .
Note : if you hate black olives , do n’t be deterred by its presence in this dish .
You ’ll hardly know they ’re there — they ’ll just add a tangy saltiness and texture that ’ll really take the enchiladas over the top .
Please .
Please do n’t be afraid .
Next , add a spoonful of green onions …
And plenty of grated cheddar .
Next , roll up the tortilla and place it seam down in a baking dish .
Now just repeat that process with all tortillas until everything ’s gone :
Dip tortilla in sauce , then add meat , then add olives , then add green onions …
Then add cheese .
Never , EVER forget the cheese .
Luchan would n’t be happy .
Once you get them all into a baking dish ( this one ’s on the small side , so I had to use a second to fit in all the enchiladas I made ) , pour THE SAUCE over the top .
If you like a lot of sauce , and I do , really lay it on thick .
If you like things a little less over the top , well , take it easy .
Just do n’t tell Luchan if you do .
He liked to lay it on thick .
And of course , we must top it all off with plenty of freshly grated cheddar cheese .
Plenty , I say … PLENTY !
Now just bake it in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes , or until cheese is melted and enchiladas are bubbly and your appetite has shot through your roof , leaving an unsightly hole .
Remove the pan from the oven and sprinkle a bunch of chopped cilantro on top .
I ca n’t tell you the difference this cilantro makes in the flavor and beauty of the dish .
Also , give the enchiladas a sprinkle of green onions .
That gives it a nice flavor pop , too .
“ Flavor pop … ” Good one , Ree. Good one .
Mmmm .
Goodness gracious sakes alive , I ca n’t tell you how good this smells .
It smells like tiny , sparkly enchilada fairies have waved their magic wands in my kitchen .
I usually serve ’em up two at a time .
They ’re a little on the rich side .
And you know what ?
It takes about a second for forks to start digging in .
Oh !
Do n’t forget the sour cream , especially if you use the canned Mexican red sauce I used .
Muy , muy picoso .
Is your mouth watering yet ?
Mine is .
And this is a problem .
Because I made the enchiladas in this photo several days ago .
And they ’re now gone .
They were gone within ten minutes .
I think I shall now have a good , cleansing cry .
The NFL has financial limits on the franchises so that it is impossible to get a huge debt against the teams .
The Premier League has allowed a raft of American owners to come in and do precisely that .
English football would do well not to underestimate the Americans , although it may already be too late .
The 32 owners of the NFL teams are a fabulous mix of ethnic diversity and extreme wealth , from the grandson of Henry Ford to one of the founders of Microsoft .
About 40 percent of deaths worldwide are caused by water , air and soil pollution , concludes a Cornell researcher .
Such environmental degradation , coupled with the growth in world population , are major causes behind the rapid increase in human diseases , which the World Health Organization has recently reported .
Both factors contribute to the malnourishment and disease susceptibility of 3.7 billion people , he says .
David Pimentel , Cornell professor of ecology and agricultural sciences , and a team of Cornell graduate students examined data from more than 120 published papers on the effects of population growth , malnutrition and various kinds of environmental degradation on human diseases .
Their report is published in the online version of the journal Human Ecology and will be published in the December print issue .
" We have serious environmental resource problems of water , land and energy , and these are now coming to bear on food production , malnutrition and the incidence of diseases , " said Pimentel .
Of the world population of about 6.5 billion , 57 percent is malnourished , compared with 20 percent of a world population of 2.5 billion in 1950 , said Pimentel .
Malnutrition is not only the direct cause of 6 million children 's deaths each year but also makes millions of people much more susceptible to such killers as acute respiratory infections , malaria and a host of other life - threatening diseases , according to the research .
Among the study 's other main points :
Nearly half the world 's people are crowded into urban areas , often without adequate sanitation , and are exposed to epidemics of such diseases as measles and flu .
With 1.2 billion people lacking clean water , waterborne infections account for 80 percent of all infectious diseases .
Increased water pollution creates breeding grounds for malaria - carrying mosquitoes , killing 1.2 million to 2.7 million people a year , and air pollution kills about 3 million people a year .
Unsanitary living conditions account for more than 5 million deaths each year , of which more than half are children .
Air pollution from smoke and various chemicals kills 3 million people a year .
In the United States alone about 3 million tons of toxic chemicals are released into the environment -- contributing to cancer , birth defects , immune system defects and many other serious health problems .
Soil is contaminated by many chemicals and pathogens , which are passed on to humans through direct contact or via food and water .
Increased soil erosion worldwide not only results in more soil being blown but spreading of disease microbes and various toxins .
At the same time , more microbes are becoming increasingly drug- resistant .
And global warming , together with changes in biological diversity , influence parasite evolution and the ability of exotic species to invade new areas .
As a result , such diseases as tuberculosis and influenza are re-emerging as major threats , while new threats -- including West Nile virus and Lyme disease -- have developed .
" A growing number of people lack basic needs , like pure water and ample food .
They become more susceptible to diseases driven by malnourishment , and air , water and soil pollutants , " Pimentel concludes .
He and his co-authors call for comprehensive and fair population policies and more conservation of environmental resources that support human life .
" Relying on increasing diseases and malnutrition to limit human numbers in the world diminishes the quality of life for all humans and is a high - risk policy , " the researchers conclude .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain are set to meet for the second presidential debate in Nashville Tuesday night at a time when only 9 % of Americans are satisfied with the way things are going in the United States -- the lowest such reading in Gallup Poll history .
The previous low point for Gallup 's measure of satisfaction had been 12 % , recorded back in 1979 , in the midst of rising prices and gas shortages when Jimmy Carter was president .
Gallup has recorded a 14 % satisfaction level at several points -- once in the senior Bush 's administration in 1992 , and several times earlier this year .
The reason for Americans ' extraordinarily low level of satisfaction is straightforward : the economy .
Asked in the weekend Gallup Poll to name the most important problem facing the country today , almost 7 in 10 Americans mentioned some aspect of the economy , far ahead of any other problem mentioned .
Images of the Candidates
Despite the fact that Obama has led McCain by a significant margin in Gallup 's tracking of presidential preferences for 10 days now , the two presidential candidates continue to have positive images , with McCain 's a little less positive than Obama's .
McCain's 40 % unfavorable rating is slightly higher than he has recorded so far this year , but his 55 % favorable rating is no worse than it was in late August ( after the Democratic National Convention ) and earlier in the year .
Similarly , Obama 's favorable and unfavorable ratings are neither better nor worse than they have been at previous points over the last several months .
Bottom Line
Tuesday night 's debate in Nashville will include questions asked by a representative group of uncommitted voters recruited from the Nashville area , as well as from Americans who submitted questions on the Internet .
There is little doubt that these average citizens will be an unhappy bunch , representing as they do an American population that is more dissatisfied with the state of the union than at any point in the last 29 years .
How well the two candidates respond to these dissatisfied citizens Tuesday night -- and how well they are able in the remaining weeks of the campaign to convince voters that they have remedies for the bad situation the country finds itself in -- may go a long way toward determining the ultimate winner on Nov. 4 .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,011 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Oct. 3 - 5 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
The Collective Security Treaty Organization ( CSTO ) is to hold large - scale military exercises every two years , including those in the hot spot region of Caucasus , a senior official said on Saturday .
" The participants of a meeting of the CSTO defense ministers decided to hold large - scale exercises every two years .
Thus , the next exercises will take place in 2010 , " Interfax news agency quoted CSTO Deputy Secretary General Valery Semerikov as saying .
Those war games will be held with the situation in the region to be taken into consideration , including the Caucasus , he said .
The CSTO defense ministers met on Thursday in the Armenian capital of Yerevan to discuss the military and political situation in the region , the military cooperation of the member states , as well as their foreign and defense policies .
The Russia - led bloc has held four - stage military exercises in Russia and the Caucasus state of Armenia in July and August , involving about 4,000 troops from Armenia , Russia and Tajikistan .
Military staff from the other CSTO member states also joined the exercises .
The seven - member organization was renamed in October 2002 on the basis of the Collective Security Treaty , which was signed in Mary 1992 within the framework of the Commonwealth of Independent States .
The current members of the CSTO include Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Russia and Uzbekistan .
Source : Xinhua
Apple is believed to be on the verge of an end - of - year push that would start by finally offering unprotected iTunes Store music from all major labels and would switch a special post - holiday campaign giving away music and videos to Europeans .
A report from last week brought to AppleInsider 's attention by French technology site ElectronLibre asserts that it's now " clear " Apple will spark new interest in its music store by removing DRM from tracks published by Sony , Universal and Warner on December 9th .
The site does n't point to specific sources but is careful to note that Apple is moving cautiously on the matter following difficult negotiations that allegedly had the labels hoping to negotiate what EMI had done for the launch of iTunes Plus in 2007 , when it successfully negotiated prices higher before ultimately agreeing to reduce the price to Apple 's standard 99 cents .
Labels had also been hoping to switch from a monthly reporting of iTunes sales stats to live data , the earlier story suggests .
Talks between Apple and the remaining three labels may have been corroborated by a previous CNet story which also mentioned ongoing discussions that would let Apple switch to music without FairPlay restrictions .
Shoppers themselves have also noticed songs briefly selling unprotected that were n't either from EMI or independents .
More recently , the same site also believes Apple will quickly follow up the move with a promo campaign nicknamed the " 12 Days of iTunes " that will let shoppers in France , Germany and the UK download an " unlimited " amount of content just after Christmas .
Running from the 26th through to January 6th , the formal debut of Macworld Expo in San Francisco , the campaign would tie into local radio stations and news outlets and would make a point of offering big - name content .
Lily Allen and James Blunt songs will supposedly be offered in addition to an episode of Spongebob Squarepants and other videos .
Although Apple gives away content on a regular basis , a daily giveaway would be rare for the company , which usually limits offerings to once a week and to less high - profile content .
The timing nonetheless implies a campaign meant to soften the drop in downloads after Christmas .
Readers should treat ElectronLibre 's claims as rumor given the uncertainty of whether Apple is participating in any negotiations at all .
However , the page is known to have accurately leaked the launch of French iTunes TV shows and so has established a brief track record .
When you were little , did you ever try the old Halloween trick where you ’re blindfolded and told that a bowl of cold spaghetti is witches hair , or grapes are werewolf ’s eyeballs ?
Maybe my parents were just strange .
But the point is , everyday household food could be used to trick a bunch of kids into imagining something far more terrifying .
The trick still works .
While at last month ’s Insomniac Games Community Day , the team that built Resistance 2 revealed a ton of what goes into making a complex AAA title .
With the aforementioned example in mind , I found the audio / sound effects presentation to be incredibly interesting :
The team revealed that many of the sounds representing gory and gross actions ( Chimeran heads exploding , etc ) were made by the types of items you might have in your refrigerator right now .
Fine people that they are , Insomniac was happy to share this video , along with an introduction by Dwight Okahara , Insomniac ’s sound lead on R2 :
I ’ll never look at a cantaloupe the same way again …
How many greats have we lost this year ?
Heath Ledger .
Bernie Mac. George Carlin. Charlton Heston .
Arthur C Clarke .
Michael Crichton .
Jenny , the world 's oldest Gorilla .
When these luminaries pass , the media stops and heaps on praise .
But then there are the unsung deaths , the people whose passing went largely unnoticed , but deserved better .
Advertisement
15 January 7 : The Greatest Competitive Eater of All Time Who : Edward Abraham ' Bozo ' Miller , Gastronomical Champion of competitive eating Continue Reading Below Advertisement How : " Natural causes " The Legacy :
This is a man who weighed 300 pounds , ate up to 25,000 calories per day , once ate 1000 packets of potato chips ( flavor unspecified ) and one time drank a lion under the table .
Yet he lived until the age of 89 and married a former Princess of the Pasadena Rose Bowl ( basically , a beauty queen ) .
He was what all of America aspires to be .
14 January 10 : Vampira Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Who : Maila Nurmi , the actress known for her " Vampira " character , the inspiration for both Elvira and the Simpsons ' Booberella and immortalized in Tim Burton 's Ed Wood biopic .
How : Again , natural causes .
DAMN YOU , NATURE !
The Legacy : She was perhaps the first to combine horror and huge boobies , a combination that many believe should never be separated .
13 January 24 : Jahna The Show " Girl " Who : Jahna Steele , a Las Vegas showgirl who was voted " Sexiest Showgirl on the Strip " in 1991 , and " Most Beautiful Showgirl " in 1993 .
She also happened to have a penis .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement How : Unknown .
She was working on her tell - all autobiography at the time , entitled Always a Lady ( until you see the bulge , of course ) .
The Legacy : Jahna passed himself off as a woman for years , draining the strip - club funds of countless unsuspecting bachelor parties .
She - males now flock to the strip to try their luck as a dancer .
Thus , Jahna turned getting drunk and trying to take a showgirl back to your room into just another way to gamble in Vegas .
Are the employees who work at your office as productive as you ’d like them to be ?
If they ’re like the majority of workers who are not engaged on a daily basis , it might not be their fault ( at least not entirely ) .
The issue might be the equipment ( or lack thereof ) they have to work with .
Making some simple adjustments to the technology available in your office could have a big impact on your employees .
Read on to learn about five incredible office tech tools that will make life easier for everyone who works at your company .
1. Office Automation System
You ’ve taken the plunge and invested in a “ smart home . ”
Why not invest in a “ smart office ” as well ?
There are lots of ways you can automate your office to make it more comfortable and more productive .
An office automation system helps you to control things like temperature based on the number of people in the room .
This helps you ensure everyone feels their best and is n’t distracted by an office that ’s too hot or too cold .
2. Personal Lighting System
Poor lighting can have a negative impact on your employees ’ productivity .
If you want them to get more done , make sure they ’re able to adjust the lighting at their desk to suit their preferences and keep them feeling alert .
Personal lighting systems are a great investment that allows everyone to customize their space .
3. Treadmill Desks
For many employees , sitting at a desk all day is a recipe for disaster .
They might struggle with back , neck , or shoulder pain from sitting , for example , or they may find themselves dozing off as the day goes on .
To avoid this and give your workers a chance to fit in some exercise , considering offering them treadmill desks .
4. Project Management Software
Project management software helps you and your employees to automate various workflows and keep everything running smoothly .
Look for a software that keeps all your documents organized and integrates with the other tools you use , such as a CRM or note - taking app , to ensure everyone stays on the same page .
5. VoIP
Finally , it might be time to update your office phone system .
If your workers ca n’t close deals or get things done because their phones always cut out or have a bad signal , it ’s going to be hard for them to be engaged and productive .
To avoid this , consider switching to a VoIP ( short for Voice over Internet Protocol ) phone system .
How does VoIP work , you ask ?
It allows your workers to make calls using an internet connection instead of a traditional phone line .
This allows for clearer calls and significant savings for you , especially if your workers have to make a lot of long - distance calls .
As you can see , there are tons of great office tech tools you can use to simplify everyday processes and help your business to run in the most efficient way possible .
Which one of these tools are you going to invest in first ?
If you ’re looking for more ideas on how you can help day - to - day operations run more smoothly , check out some of the other articles in the Business section of our site today .
We have lots of resources available that you can use to level up your company in no time .
Given the way , that is , that Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. had decided to use the first installment of the $ 700 billion bailout money to recapitalize banks instead of buying up their toxic securities , which he had then sold to Congress and the American people as the best and fastest way to get the banks to start making loans again , and help prevent this recession from getting much , much worse .
In point of fact , the dirty little secret of the banking industry is that it has no intention of using the money to make new loans .
But this executive was the first insider who ’s been indiscreet enough to say it within earshot of a journalist .
( He did n’t mean to , of course , but I obtained the call - in number and listened to a recording . )
“ Twenty - five billion dollars is obviously going to help the folks who are struggling more than Chase , ” he began .
“ What we do think it will help us do is perhaps be a little bit more active on the acquisition side or opportunistic side for some banks who are still struggling .
And I would not assume that we are done on the acquisition side just because of the Washington Mutual and Bear Stearns mergers .
I think there are going to be some great opportunities for us to grow in this environment , and I think we have an opportunity to use that $ 25 billion in that way and obviously depending on whether recession turns into depression or what happens in the future , you know , we have that as a backstop . ”
Read that answer as many times as you want  you are not going to find a single word in there about making loans to help the American economy .
On the contrary : at another point in the conference call , the same executive ( who I ’m not naming because he did n’t know I would be listening in ) explained that “ loan dollars are down significantly . ”
He added , “ We would think that loan volume will continue to go down as we continue to tighten credit to fully reflect the high cost of pricing on the loan side . ”
In other words JPMorgan has no intention of turning on the lending spigot .
It is starting to appear as if one of Treasury ’s key rationales for the recapitalization program  namely , that it will cause banks to start lending again  is a fig leaf , Treasury ’s version of the weapons of mass destruction .
How lean is a slice of bacon ?
| Du Pont , 1946 | Henry McAllar | Recently added More Home | Buy art
Tyrone
Hayes stands out in the overwhelmingly white field of biology , and his skin color is n't the half of it .
To use his own idiom , Hayes is several standard deviations from the norm .
At the University of California at Berkeley , he glides around his lab wearing nylon shorts and rubber flip - flops , with a gold hoop in one ear and his beard braided into two impish points .
Not counting his four inches of thick , upstanding hair , Hayes is just over five feet tall , with smooth features and warm eyes .
He drives a truck littered with detritus human , amphibian , and reptilian .
He keeps his pocket money in a baby 's sock .
" Hey , wassup ? " he 'll say to anyone , from the president of the United States on down .
He can't help the informality , he says .
" Tyrone can only be Tyrone . "
Hayes , 35 , is a professor at Berkeley , where he has taught human endocrinology since 1994 .
His research centers on frogs , of which he keeps enormous colonies .
Frogs make convenient study subjects for anyone interested in how hormones affect physical development .
Their transformation from egg to tadpole to adult is rapid , and it 's visible to the naked eye .
With their permeable skin , frogs are especially vulnerable to environmental factors such as solar radiation or herbicides .
That vulnerability has lately garnered Hayes more attention than his appearance ever has .
The controversy began five years ago , when a company called Syngenta asked Hayes to run safety tests on its product atrazine .
Syngenta is the world 's largest agribusiness company , with $ 6.3 billion in sales of crop- related chemicals and other products in 2001 alone .
Atrazine is the most widely used weed killer in the United States .
To test its safety , Hayes put trace amounts of the compound in the water tanks in which he raised African clawed frogs .
When the frogs were fully grown , they appeared normal .
But when Hayes looked closer , he found problems .
Some male frogs had developed multiple sex organs , and some had both ovaries and testes .
There were also males with shrunken larynxes , a crippling handicap for a frog intent on mating .
The atrazine apparently created hermaphrodites at a concentration one - thirtieth the safe level set by the Environmental Protection Agency for drinking water .
The next summer Hayes loaded a refrigerated 18 - wheel truck with 500 half - gallon buckets and headed east , followed by his students .
He parked near an Indiana farm , a Wyoming river , and a Utah pond , filled his buckets with 18,000 pounds of water , and headed back to Berkeley .
He thawed the frozen water , poured it into hundreds of individual tanks , and dropped in thousands of leopard - frog eggs collected en route .
To find out if frogs in the wild showed hermaphroditism , Hayes dissected juveniles from numerous sites .
To see if frogs were vulnerable as adults , and if the effects were reversible , he exposed them to atrazine at different stages of their development .
Hayes published his first set of findings last April , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
He published the second set in October , in Nature .
Both times the media went a little crazy .
The two studies showed equally dramatic results : 40 percent of male frogs were feminized ; 80 percent had diminished larynxes .
Wild frogs collected from areas with atrazine showed the same number of abnormalities .
Could the chemical also affect humans ?
The beginning of an answer may be emerging .
Workers at a Louisiana plant where atrazine is manufactured are now suing their employer , saying they were nine times as likely to get prostate cancer as the average Louisianan .
Inside Berkeley 's Valley Life Sciences building , Hayes approaches a set of double doors and lifts his thigh , doggy style , toward the wall .
The doors respond to a security card in his pocket and swing wide onto an empty corridor .
It 's 7 a.m. , but Hayes has been here since 4:30 this morning , when he came to " make water " — mix the chemical cocktails in which he 's raising 3,000 leopard frogs in a crowded basement lab .
He deftly shakes crickets — frog breakfast — from a plastic bag into dozens of tanks .
On another shelf , tadpoles swim in one set of deli cups while metamorphs , which have both tails and legs , swim in another .
Escaped crickets dart around the room .
Strips of colored tape adorn each tank , each color denoting a particular mix of compounds .
In this quadruple - blind experiment , neither Hayes nor his assistants know exactly what they 're testing .
Except for the notorious Red Yellow Red .
We peek into the suspect tank .
" They 're not doing too well , are they ? "
Hayes says , brushing a cricket off his neck with a practiced flick .
The frogs are listless .
Their heads tilt at a creepy angle .
" Everything we put in this mixture died within a week , except for frogs that have adapted to that environment .
So I had to look it up . "
Red Yellow Red , the codebook said , is the brew that runs off a Nebraska cornfield in springtime .
" These frogs took a month longer than average to metamorphose , and then they were smaller than average , " Hayes says .
" That 's wrong : Usually a longer metamorphosis means a bigger frog . "
He dumps in another meal of crickets and delivers the kicker : " This mixture from the cornfield has a lower dose than what 's in the drinking water there . "
The problem , Hayes knows , goes well beyond frogs that loiter near cornfields .
According to James Hanken , a biologist at Harvard University who heads a task force on declining amphibian populations , " at least one - third to one - half of all living species of amphibian that have been examined in this regard are on their way down , and out . "
Researchers have offered a number of explanations for the die - off : attacks of parasites , exposure to radiation or ultraviolet light , fungal infections , climate change , habitat loss , competition with exotic species , and pesticides .
Atrazine is used in more than 80 countries , primarily on corn and sorghum fields .
By interfering with frog reproduction , Hayes wonders , could it be part of the problem ?
Atrazine is a synthetic chemical that belongs to the triazine class of herbicides .
Its technical name is 2 - chloro - 4 - ethylamino - 6 - isopropylamine - 1,3,5 - triazine .
In the United States , farmers apply around 60 million pounds of atrazine a year .
Nearly all of it eventually degrades in the environment , but usually not before it 's reapplied .
The EPA permits up to three parts per billion of atrazine in drinking water .
Every year , as waters drain down the Mississippi River basin , they accumulate 1.2 million pounds of atrazine before reaching the Gulf of Mexico .
Like the smoke from factory chimneys , pesticides cross borders .
Atrazine molecules easily attach to dust particles : Researchers have found it in clouds , fog , and snow .
In Iowa the herbicide has been documented at 40 parts per billion in rainwater .
According to the U.S. Geological Survey , atrazine contaminates well water and groundwater in states where the compound is n't even used .
" It 's hard to find an atrazine - free environment , " Hayes says .
In Switzerland , where it is banned , atrazine occurs at one part per billion , even in the Alps .
Hayes says that 's still enough to turn some male frogs into females .
Hayes talks rapidly as he walks from the basement lab .
He 'll also talk rapidly as he drives to his children 's school in an hour , as he eats at a nearby restaurant , and as he types e-mail .
" I 'll calm down after lunch , " he promises .
" Here 's how we think it works .
à Testosterone is a precursor to estrogen .
In male frogs , it makes their voice boxes grow and their vocal sacs develop .
But atrazine , in frogs , switches on a gene that makes the enzyme aromatase , which turns testosterone to estrogen .
Normally , males do n't make aromatase ; it 's silent .
In these males , the estrogen induces the growth of ovaries , eggs , and yolk . "
We 're at the double doors , and Hayes lifts his thigh again .
" So you 've got two things happening :
The frog is demasculinized , and it's also feminized . "
And the females that get extra estrogen ?
" It would n't happen , " Hayes says .
" There 's a feedback mechanism .
The excess hormone would decrease stimulation of the ovary , which would then cut off its production of estrogen . "
Because hormones , not genes , regulate the structure of reproductive organs , vertebrates are particularly vulnerable to their environment during early development .
Frogs are most susceptible just before they metamorphose .
Unfortunately , that change occurs in the spring , when atrazine levels peak in waterways .
" All it takes is a single application to affect the frog 's development , " Hayes says .
Theo Colborn , a senior scientist with the World Wildlife Fund who has spent nearly 15 years studying endocrine - disrupting chemicals in the environment , calls Hayes 's work a breakthrough .
" At a time when other developmental biologists were taking a broad , traditional approach , he was taking long - term effects into consideration , " she says .
" No one had looked at the histology the way he has .
Everyone was so hung up on limb deformities in frogs that they forgot about other effects .
His work may explain why frogs are disappearing . "
Hayes has always been fond of frogs .
He grew up in a modest neighborhood of brick houses outside Columbia , South Carolina .
The development had been drained of its marsh , but snakes , turtles , and amphibians abounded .
Hayes followed them and learned their ways .
As a teenager , he dug a pond in his backyard , hoping to breed turtles .
He kept lizards .
His father brought him boxes of National Geographic from houses in which he had installed carpet .
The boy read them all .
" Those magazines were the beginning of it , " Romeo Hayes says .
" Even then he knew he wanted to be a scientist . "
The television was always on in the Hayes household , even during meals , and Tyrone paid particular attention to the nature specials .
When he began dating , he took girlfriends to the Congaree Swamp , nine miles away .
The young women assumed he had other things in mind , but his motives were always the same :
He wanted help catching frogs .
The summer after sixth grade , Hayes taught himself to play basketball .
" That was the only way I knew for blacks to get into college , " he says .
Through high school he wrestled , struggling with a hypothyroid condition to make weight .
Entranced by the pop star Prince , he wore frilly shirts and velvet jackets , winning Best - Dressed Student five years in a row .
" I wanted a hoop earring , but my mother forbade it , " he says .
Within days of arriving at college , he pierced his ear himself .
( These days , Hayes wears a coat and tie to meetings .
" But it 's a real Men in Black kind of suit , " one former student says .
" And he wears a skullcap . " )
Geography and family circumstances narrowed expectations .
Hayes 's father had been the first on his side of the family to attend high school .
Hayes had never heard of an academic scholarship ; he had never known anyone who left South Carolina to go to school .
But his high PSAT scores brought a sheaf of recruitment letters to his house .
He wrote a personal statement about his interest in armadillo biology and mailed it to Harvard .
It was the only school to which he applied .
" I 'd heard of it on Green Acres and figured it must be good , " he says , without a trace of irony .
Once on scholarship in Cambridge , Hayes thought he'd become a doctor .
Then he began working with the biologist Bruce Waldman on kin recognition in toads .
Waldman recognized Hayes 's talent for asking challenging research questions and his skill in the field and the lab .
He treated the freshman like a grad student .
Soon Hayes was studying environmental effects on tadpole metamorphosis .
" I realized what a person who enjoyed what I did might do for a living , " Hayes says .
" I saw the whole picture coming together . "
Still , nothing in his background had prepared him for Harvard 's social and academic pressures .
" Most blacks at Harvard were from private schools , " Hayes says .
" They knew what was going on .
Their parents had gone to school there .
They flew to Bermuda at spring break . "
Hayes felt out of place .
He did n't join any campus groups and spent all his time in the laboratory .
" It was the only place I felt at home , " he says .
" I had four finals to study for and did n't know how to organize my time .
I could n't get advice from my dad . "
His grades fell , and he was placed on academic probation .
Hayes nearly dropped out at that point , but Waldman and Kathy Kim , the girlfriend he later married , persuaded him to stick it out .
In 1989 he graduated with departmental honors and moved to Berkeley , where he earned his Ph.D. at the age of 24 .
" You think Tyrone is manic now , you should have seen him in those years , " says Nigel Noriega , a research scientist in reproductive toxicology at the EPA .
At Berkeley , Hayes 's weight ballooned from 135 pounds to 260 pounds in six months .
To get back into fighting shape , he ran 18 miles a day , often with an infant in a stroller .
He went for days without sleep , then set the alarm to ring after just a few minutes .
He was running a shape - shifting experiment on himself .
He drove his students to the edge as well .
Lab assistants , drawn in by his dynamism , became exhausted and depressed .
" It was hard ; we barely saw the light of day , " says Roger Liu , who spent the better part of 10 years in Hayes 's lab .
The results of their experiments would be so far in the future that they lost sight of their goals .
Still , they loved Hayes .
" Tyrone treated undergrads like grad students and grad students like postdocs , " Noriega says , echoing Hayes 's assessment of Waldman .
" You could ask him for anything . "
When Hayes found attendance flagging at his 6:30 a.m. lab meetings , he started baking , at 2 a.m. , to lure students in .
When he worried about his charges walking to the lab in the dark , he picked them up at 4 in the morning , shining a spotlight into their windows to wake them .
From the outset , Hayes 's lab attracted minority students and soon became far and away the most diverse in the department .
The department of integrative biology is only 3 percent black and has produced just four black Ph.D. 's in its history .
( Noriega is one . )
Now nearly 20 percent of his lecture class is black .
Hayes says he concentrates on selecting talented students who need nurturing .
This semester 's crop of researchers comes from Vietnam , India , Pakistan , Thailand , Tunisia , Mexico , Guatemala , Canada , and the United States .
" Maybe minority students think they 'll make some kind of connection with me , " Hayes says , shrugging .
Or maybe they appreciate his holistic approach to science .
He often brings his two children — Tyler , 10 , and Kassina , 7 — into the lab with him , and he watches over his students with the same paternal eye .
" The lab was like a family , " Liu says .
" Dad got pissed , the siblings fought , but we were happy . "
Last year , at the departmental graduation , the students gave Hayes a standing ovation .
This past spring he won the College of Letters and Science 's award for Distinguished Research Mentoring ; a week later he won its Distinguished Teaching Award .
" Tyrone reveals that science is inbred and flawed and political , just like art and music , " Noriega says .
" But he 's still striving for its bright and shining truth .
He lays all this out , and you see it 's still worth it . "
Even after all the weirdness with Syngenta .
Like all chemical companies , Syngenta has to have its products tested for safety before the EPA will approve them .
The company came to Hayes in 1997 because he had experience with hormones and amphibians :
He had developed an assay in which frogs exposed to estrogen mimics turned from green to red .
" This was a chance to use my research , " Hayes says .
" Also , not that many labs are set up to travel and collect eggs , establish a colony , and breed .
I had a big lab , with lots of people willing to move 3,000 frogs from tanks to deli cups . "
Hayes says that when he informed Syngenta about atrazine 's negative low - dose effects in August 2001 , the company treated his data like a hot potato .
" They told me , ' That 's not what you were contracted to do .
We do n't acknowledge your work , ' " Hayes says .
" I sent them all my raw data , and they FedExed it back to me . "
Ronald Kendall , an environmental toxicologist at Texas Tech University and a leader of Syngenta 's atrazine - testing panel , insists that Hayes told the team only about the frogs ' shrunken larynxes , not their hermaphroditism : " We did n't learn about gonadal effects until a hormone meeting late in November . "
Rather than keep quiet about his findings , Hayes quit his contract and repeated his experiments .
The week before he was scheduled to share his data with the EPA , he received 500 computer viruses .
After Hayes quit his contract , Syngenta funded some of Kendall 's colleagues at Texas Tech to replicate the work .
They produced almost no hermaphrodites at the atrazine levels Hayes had tested .
The lab conditions in Texas differed from conditions in the Berkeley basement .
For example , the Texas experimenters raised their frogs in glass instead of plastic tanks , at higher population densities , and at cooler temperatures , and they fed them differently .
" But if the effect is robust , as Hayes claims it is , you should still be able to see it under slightly different conditions , " says James Carr , a comparative endocrinologist on the Texas Tech team .
Hayes accused the Texas team of raising unhealthy frogs in tanks with uncontrolled atrazine levels .
" Their animals were underfed and overcrowded , " he says .
" How can you tell if their gonads are deformed if the animals do n't develop properly ? "
In response , the Texas team crafted an 18 - page defense , to which Hayes responded with 22 pages of his own .
The Texas team says it was difficult to compare the health of their animals with the health of Hayes 's because he did n't report hatching success , mortality , survivorship , and other data .
Hayes responds : " They 've had all my information on protocols and SOPs since 1999 .
They signed off on this work .
They even visited my lab . "
While the scientists sparred , workers at Syngenta 's atrazine plant in St. Gabriel , Louisiana , stole the spotlight when their cancer rates became public .
At least 14 of 600 employees who'd been at the plant for more than 10 years had developed prostate cancer — a rate nine times as high as that of the general statewide population .
Had Syngenta inadvertently tested atrazine on humans ?
Studies of farm laborers who worked with the compound showed rates of certain cancers double to eight times the national average , but those exposures were intermittent and not exclusive , because workers handle many types of chemicals .
In St. Gabriel , atrazine represented 80 percent of the plant 's production , and it was made year - round .
Atrazine dust covered the walls and floors , countertops and lunch tables .
Hayes 's frog data were alarming , but they probably would n't have persuaded the EPA to ban atrazine .
The cancer findings may .
This past summer , the Natural Resources Defense Council persuaded the agency to launch a criminal investigation of Syngenta for suppressing data on the herbicide 's potential risks to the environment and to human health .
The EPA has since extended the deadline for its atrazine review .
In addition to the cases in Louisiana , laboratory studies have linked atrazine to hormonally responsive cancers in humans and lab animals .
Studies have also suggested that it disrupts the production of hormones such as testosterone , prolactin ( which stimulates the production of breast milk ) , progesterone , estrogen , and the thyroid hormones that regulate metabolism .
Nonetheless ,
Hayes does n't jump to condemn atrazine .
He says he has n't studied humans , but it is unlikely they'd be affected because atrazine does n't accumulate in tissues the way DDT does .
Others are n't so sure .
" Why would anyone think these pesticides would n't affect us ? " the World Wildlife Fund 's Theo Colborn says .
" No matter the species , we all have similar signaling systems in our bodies , similar chemical reactions .
That 's why we 've always tested drugs on animals . "
Human kidneys filter atrazine , and humans do n't spend a lot of time swimming in pesticide - laced water , the way frogs do .
But human fetuses do live in water .
" Our big concern is pregnant females , " Colborn says .
" There have been enough studies on farm families to show that babies conceived in the spring , when runoff is highest , have far higher rates of birth defects than babies conceived at other times . "
But what component of the runoff is toxic and at what levels ?
That may be impossible to say , because scientists do n't run lethal - dose experiments on humans .
Faced with this uncertainty , how cautious should we be ?
When pressed , Hayes says that if his wife was pregnant , he 'd advise her against drinking water from much of the Midwest — his children too .
" If there 's a .01 percent freak chance that something could happen , why take that chance ? "
The mystery of amphibian decline continues to intrigue Hayes .
He believes a combination of many different effects may stress frogs ' immune systems and that atrazine may be a part of it .
He dreams of testing his ideas with the perfect field experiment , one without unquantifiable variables , and he knows just where he'd enact it .
" We 'd go to Biosphere 2 , in Arizona , " he says .
" We 'd bring in all our own air , our own water .
We 'd set up farm plots with corn .
We 'd bring in our own frogs , study every compound and its impact on the corn , the corn pests , the nontarget organisms . "
There 's a gleam in Hayes 's eyes .
The thought of all those animals , the long hours , the phalanx of tired graduate students — it all makes his blood rise .
" Nobody knows what these compounds actually do , " he says .
" I want to figure it out from beginning to end . "
SHANGHAI  Chen Shui-bian , the former president of Taiwan and an ardent advocate of continued independence for the island , was detained by the police there late Tuesday after prosecutors sought his formal arrest on corruption and money - laundering charges .
Mr. Chen , who served two terms as president and left office in the spring while his administration was mired in a corruption scandal , was led to court in handcuffs on Tuesday afternoon after several hours of questioning by prosecutors in Taipei , Taiwan ’s capital .
The former president paused briefly before television cameras , raised his arms and defiantly shouted , “ Long live Taiwan ! ” and “ Political persecution ! ”
Late Tuesday evening , however , Taipei television reported that the court hearing had been suspended and that Mr. Chen had been taken to a hospital complaining that he had been roughed up by the police .
Tuesday , November 11 12:00 AM EDT Required Courses for Internet Noobs
11 . I Can Has Internet Memes ?
A Hands - on Course 10 .
An Introduction to Things Everyone Has Seen Before 9 . Guybrush Threepwood 's Witty Repartee : A How - To Course 8 .
The Economic Improbabilites of Nigerian Princes 101 7 .
Origins and Proper Use of the Caps Lock Key 6 .
Probabilistic Determination of Whether You Should Forward that Email 5 .
Lose vs. Loose : The Eternal Struggle 4 . You Are Not the 1,000,000,000th Visitor - A Comprehensive Guide on Why You Didn't Win 3 .
Truck or Tubes , Which Is It ?
2 . Links You Should Never Click : Advanced Warning 1 . You Know Who Else Didn't Take This Class ?
That 's Right : Hitler
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
Microsoft - Yahoo Deal Hinges on Yang Humilation Next Story :
The Dark Side
In case any Bush administration officials have trouble summing up the boss ’ record , the White House is providing a few helpful suggestions .
A two - page memo that has been sent to Cabinet members and other high - ranking officials offers a guide for discussing Bush ’s eight - year tenure during their public speeches .
Titled “ Speech Topper on the Bush Record , ” the talking points state that Bush “ kept the American people safe ” after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , lifted the economy after 2001 through tax cuts , curbed AIDS in Africa and maintained “ the honor and the dignity of his office . ”
The document presents the Bush record as an unalloyed success .
Advertisement
It mentions none of the episodes that detractors say have marred his presidency : the collapse of the housing market and major financial services companies , the flawed intelligence in the run-up to the Iraq war , the federal response to Hurricane Katrina or the abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib .
In a section on the economy , speakers are invited to say that Bush cut taxes after 2001 , setting the stage for years of job growth .
As for the current economic crisis , the memo says that Bush “ responded with bold measures to prevent an economic meltdown . ”
The document is otherwise silent on the recession , which claimed 533,000 jobs in November , the highest number in 34 years .
Advertisement
A copy of the memo was obtained by The Times ’ Washington bureau .
A spokesman for Bush said Monday that the White House routinely sends out suggestions to officials and allies on ways to talk about the administration ’s record .
“ What we have in mind with these documents is we feel the president ’s many accomplishments have n’t been given the attention they deserve and in some cases have been purposely ignored , ” said Carlton Carroll , a White House spokesman .
No one is required to recite the talking points laid out by the White House , Carroll said .
The memo closes with a reference to Bush ’s 1999 memoir , “ A Charge to Keep ” :
Advertisement
“ Above all , George W. Bush promised to uphold the honor and the dignity of his office .
And through all the challenges and trials of his time in office , that is a charge that our president has kept . ”
One accomplishment cited is passage of the No Child Left Behind law , Bush ’s attempt to improve education .
“ He promised to raise standards and accountability in public schools -- and delivered the No Child Left Behind Act , ” the talking points read .
On the presidential campaign trail this year , Democratic candidates found that any criticism of No Child Left Behind was a surefire applause line .
President - elect Barack Obama promised to revamp the program , contending that it elevated test - taking at the expense of a well - rounded education .
Advertisement
--
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
An ingenious set of combinators for expressing pattern matching in a type - safe way .
No ADTs required .
Opens up the possibility of programming languages where we can declare new binding forms just as we declare new functions .
Revolutionary , but may have been hard to publish before Programming Pearls were created --- it shows why they are a good idea .
After The Cure : Secret Free Show Tonight in LA at The Troubadour
»
You are going to think I am making this up , that this is a joke .
I am not making it up ; it is not a joke .
I received this e-mail at 2:03 pm on Tuesday from the Auburn University Public Safety & Security Department .
This is a straight - up copy and paste job from the e-mail . [ ]
It is possibly the most amazing thing I have ever received from the campus cops .
From : Auburn University Public Safety & Security
Date : Sep. 20 , 2016 , 2:03 pm
Subject : Rumors of Clowns on Campus Auburn University Community : On Monday evening the university and Auburn Police Division received a few reports of people dressed in clown costumes on campus .
There were also several social media posts that suggested the same .
We have seen similar reports of clown sightings at other universities and towns across the State of Alabama and the Southeast .
Auburn Police officers were on patrol and immediately responded to the areas reported but were unable to locate anyone .
Auburn Police will continue to patrol our campus and investigate any suspicious activity .
We are not aware of any danger or threat to our campus community .
We also had a report of students walking around looking for people dressed as clowns .
For your safety , we strongly encourage you to leave this job to Auburn Police .
Please use good judgment and avoid wearing clown masks , as it could be perceived as a hazard or threat to others .
We urge our campus community to be vigilant and always report anything suspicious by dialing 911 .
If you have information or questions , you can call the Auburn Police Division ’s non-emergency number at 334-501-3100 .
Another resource that is available to students is the free Rave Guardian app .
Features of this app include the ability to send tips and photos to Auburn Police or set a safety timer to allow friends and family to help look out for your safety .
Get the app and register with your AU email to maximize the features available .
We would also like to take this opportunity to remind you about the Night Security Shuttle which provides safe on - campus transportation and operates from 6:00 p.m. – 7:00 a.m. ( while the Tiger Transit is not running ) .
To request a ride on the security shuttle , please call 334-844-7400 .
This on - campus service is free to our campus community .
The safety of our students , employees and visitors is our priority and we will continue to do everything possible to keep our campus safe .
Over at Reason ‘s Hit and Run blog , here ’s Jesse Walker on the Great Clown Panic of 2016 as it comes to higher education and secondary education in Alabama .
The Great Clown Panic of ’ 16 began in August , you ’ll recall , when children at an apartment complex in Greenville , South Carolina , claimed to have spotted some malevolent clowns in the woods , sparking city - wide chatter about clown conspiracies .
Before long , the delirium was spreading across the Carolinas .
In Winston - Salem , two kids claimed that a clown carrying candy had tried to lure them into the forest ; not long after that , in nearby Greensboro , a man called 911 to report a clown , who he then supposedly chased into the woods with a machete .
( “ Officers responding to the call could not find the clown , ” the local News & Record reported . )
The meme [ ] had marched into Georgia by mid-September , when two Troup County residents claimed to have seen some clowns trying to lure kids into a van , then confessed that they had made it up and were charged with making a false report .
Last week a Georgia girl was arrested for bringing a knife to her middle school .
She said she needed it to protect her from the clowns .
By then the currents of coulrophobia had flooded into Alabama , where Facebook posts about the clown threat prompted schools across the state to go on lockdown , and where yet more hoaxsters were eventually arrested .
Now the Alabama wave has hit the world of higher education .
. . . . . .
Amid this cascade of hoaxes , pranks , and schoolyard rumors — and possibly , at some point , a sighting of an actual professional Bozo on his way to a birthday party — there have been exactly zero confirmed cases of harlequins plotting to kidnap or molest children .
But you knew that already .
Meanwhile , in the Lee County high schools , it looks like a teenager , allegedly a young woman at Beauregard High School , used the clown panic to get on social media and make threats of a school shooting , either against Opelika City Schools or against Beauregard High School or against Beauregard Elementary School .
The Lee County sheriff said there is no evidence that the threat is credible , but Beauregard schools announced they ’ll be under a heightened sense of awareness for the rest of the week , which means , more or less , that they ’ll be swarming the campus with cops from the sheriff ’s office ; and Opelika City Schools placed schools on lockdown yesterday .
The sheriffs office announced that they had used tracking technologies to identify , track down and arrest the female student allegedly responsible for the video ( We used technology available to us to identify who she was .
– Sheriff Jay Jones . )
They will be charging her with felony charges for making terroristic threats .
Meanwhile , people in the newspaper comment threads are more or less overtly threatening to shoot people for wearing clown suits , and newsmedia stories continue to relay reports of an amorphous clowning menace lurking in the shadows of social media and the dark edges of the piney woods :
The Lee County Sheriff ’s Office is n’t the only agency in the area to receive reports of creepy clown threats .
LaGrange police took to Facebook to warn the public about several calls they received Set. 12 about clowns in a van and wooded area trying to talk to children .
There were also threats made on Facebook media the previous weekend from “ clowns ” threatening to commit crimes at LaGrange schools .
Police determined that the threats were not credible .
By Friday , they arrested four people who allegedly made “ creepy clown ” threats toward LaGrange High School .
Two were arrested in Troup County Sept. 14 after falsely reporting creepy clown sightings in Hogansville , Ga. – Sarah Robinson , Hundreds checked out of Lee County schools following ‘ creepy clown threat ’
Columbus Ledger - Enquirer , September 21 , 2016
And in the superstore parking lots of Alex City :
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Open water should result in warmer air temperatures in Autumn Scientists say they now have unambiguous evidence that the warming in the Arctic is accelerating .
Computer models have long predicted that decreasing sea ice should amplify temperature changes in the northern polar region .
Julienne Stroeve , from the US National Snow and Ice Data Center , told a meeting of the American Geophysical Union that this process was under way .
Arctic ice cover in summer has seen rapid retreat in recent years .
The minimum extents reached in 2007 and 2008 were the smallest recorded in the satellite age .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The sea ice is entering a new state where the ice cover has become so thin that no matter what happens during the summer in terms of temperature or circulation patterns , you 're still going to have very low ice conditions , " she told the meeting .
Autumn return
Theory predicts that as ice is lost in the Arctic , more of the ocean 's surface will be exposed to solar radiation and will warm up .
When the autumn comes and the Sun goes down on the Arctic , that warmth should be released back into the atmosphere , delaying the fall in air temperatures .
Ultimately , this feedback process should result in Arctic temperatures rising faster than the global mean .
Dr Stroeve and colleagues have now analysed Arctic autumn ( September , October , November ) air temperatures for the period 2004 - 2008 and compared them to the long term average ( 1979 to 2008 ) .
The results , they believe , are evidence of the predicted amplification effect .
" You see this large warming over the Arctic ocean of around 3C in these last four years compared to the long - term mean , " explained Dr Stroeve .
" You see some smaller areas where you have temperature warming of maybe 5C ; and this warming is directly located over those areas where we 've lost all the ice . "
Wider changes
If this process continues , it will extend the melting season for Arctic ice , delaying the onset of winter freezing and weakening further the whole system .
These warming effects are not just restricted to the ocean , Dr Stroeve said .
Circulation patterns could then move the warmth over land areas , she added .
" The Arctic is really the air conditioner of the Northern Hemisphere , and as you lose that sea ice you change that air conditioner ; and the rest of the system has to respond .
" You start affecting the temperature gradient between the Arctic and equator which affects atmospheric patterns and precipitation patterns .
" Exactly how this is going to play out , we really do n't know yet .
Our research is in its infancy . "
The study reported by Dr Stroeve will be published in the journal Cryosphere shortly .
Arctic sea ice is currently being lost even faster than the models predict
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
McCain ’s latest erratic stunt is going to go over with his base like a lead balloon .
These are the people who blame 100 % ( or a substantial majority ) of this crisis on home buyers that could n’t afford their loans .
For the base , Wall Street was almost dragged into this so expect him to lose a few more allies out there .
Senator McCain announced a plan last night for the Treasury to directly purchase home loans from borrowers and servicers at full price and then give the borrowers cheaper fixed - rate FHA backed loans at lower principal values ; in other words , give people their overpriced homes for free .
Do n’t get me wrong , I realize we are in desperate times , and so we deserve nothing less than desperate measures .
This plan is only for borrowers who are underwater on their loans ( home is worth less than the loan ) and who are delinquent or approaching delinquency .
For those of us who acted responsibly in our borrowing and pay our debts responsibly , we get bupkiss — no wait , we get the honor of paying for the bailout with our tax dollars .
Then there ’s the argument that if you lower the balances of all these loans to match property values , you ’re just preventing foreclosures , instead of establishing a true price bottom for homes .
That would delay a housing recovery by taking vast numbers of properties out of the sales market .
You ’ll note that pending home sales surged in the West in August , up 18 percent , thanks to a 24 percent drop in home prices ( National Association of Realtors ) .
Now I ’ll throw in one more of those moral danger issues :
Not every homeowner is facing foreclosure , but most homeowners are facing lost equity .
Why do you only help those who made really really poor financial choices ?
And on top of that , how do you stop people from deliberately going delinquent on their loans just to cash in on the bailouts ?
CBS 5's Joe Vazquez reports that the big , pink " Fuck Mormons " banner has been removed .
While rumors of photoshopping swirled , CBS 5 managed to figure out that , yes , the sign was , in fact , real .
The sign went up at 606 Sanchez Street , made with strips of pink sheets of paper .
The building 's owner , Michael Thomas , admits to putting up the banner , but wo n't say why , exactly , he took it down .
CBS 5 interviewed Thomas , discussing such points as the Central Valley ; disenfranchising Mormon culprits ; SFist ; and you , dear commenters .
CBS 5 : " You 've been following the discussion on SFist .
While some comments support you , others are saying , ' this is n't going to help . ' "
MT : " There are all kinds of assimilationists that are of the opinion that if we 're only nicer , then maybe the Mormons and hate groups will come around .
That ai n't the way it works .
Somebody needs to call these guys for what they are doing .
I 'm angry at their meddling in our affairs .
It 's particularly ironic about the Mormons doing this , given their past .
Polygamy and all that good stuff .
Then , they sit there and lay down the gauntlet .
Now that they 're big and they feel entitled to persecute a group that 's weaker . "
While one might argue that gay marriage is also a form a assimilation , whatever that is , that 's splitting hairs at this point .
We thank Thomas for giving us much to discuss , not to mention figure out , in this most difficult time .
Update : Said banner was taken down because it was " made of paper and falling apart after the storm . "
SFist regrets the sensationalistic error .
Murkowski is nervously awaiting word on whether Palin will run against her in the GOP primary .
Murkowski to Palin : Leave my seat alone
Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski has some Republican - to - Republican advice for Gov. Sarah Palin :
If you want to make a run at the White House , keep your hands off my Senate seat .
Murkowski , up for reelection in 2010 , is nervously awaiting word on whether John McCain ’s former running mate will run against her in the GOP primary .
But she says Palin is the one who should be nervous .
Advertisement
“ I can guarantee it would be a very tough election , ” Murkowski said in an interview .
Palin is also up for reelection in 2010 .
She could run for a second term as governor , but the Senate holds some obvious attractions : a national platform , and with it the chance to beef up a thin résumé and rebuild damaged credibility on foreign policy and other issues .
But Murkowski says a run against her would be fraught with risk .
If Palin lost , her stock would drop just ahead of a potential 2012 presidential run .
And if she won , she ’d be a backbencher in a chamber that is dominated by seniority — and would have to begin her presidential campaign as soon as she took office .
“ If she wants to be president , I do n’t think the way to the presidency is a short stop in the United States Senate , ” Murkowski said .
Asked Monday to respond to Murkowski ’s comments , Palin ’s communications coordinator , Kate Morgan , said only , “ The governor has never stated her intention or desire to run for that office . ”
As Murkowski ’s tense talk suggests , the politics between the two women is personal .
Palin won the governor ’s race in 2006 by defeating Frank Murkowski , the senator ’s father .
On the presidential campaign trail this year , Palin crowed about upending the “ old boys network ” in Alaska .
When asked this summer about Palin ’s suggestion that her father was one of those “ old boys , ” Murkowski bristled and cut an interview short .
Democratic pollster Ivan Moore and other Alaska analysts say Murkowski is poised to skate to a second full term unless she loses in the Republican primary .
The most credible Democratic challenger , Ethan Berkowitz , will likely mount a rematch against Rep. Don Young ( R - Alaska ) for the state ’s lone House seat in 2010 , Moore and other analysts said .
But everything changes if Palin gets in .
Even though Palin ’s popularity dipped after she took on a partisan role as the GOP ’s vice presidential candidate and stumbled in televised interviews , she maintains high approval ratings back home , including about 80 percent support among Republican voters .
Murkowski enjoys similarly high numbers .
A head - to - head fight between the two Republicans “ would be a titanic struggle , ” Moore said .
David Dittman , a Republican pollster in Alaska , said some right - wing talk show hosts have given Murkowski the nickname “ Liberal Lisa , ” a label that could stick in a Republican primary fight .
But like Murkowski , Dittman said Palin would be better served by staying in Juneau , where she still would have a huge profile and could maintain political star power in GOP circles — a celebrity status she showed off in Georgia this week as she campaigned for Republican Sen.
Saxby Chambliss .
With Sen . Ted Stevens , the longest - serving Republican in Senate history , having just lost his seat , Dittman said GOP primary voters in Alaska would be wary of losing more Senate seniority by replacing Murkowski with Palin .
“ My feeling is that Alaskans would n’t respond to that very well , especially Republicans , if she takes on Lisa and she starts seniority all over again , ” Dittman said .
“ I think it would be tough for Sarah to do that and justify it . ”
That argument is not lost on Murkowski , who points to her rising seniority in the Senate and her ascension to the top Republican spot on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee , replacing retiring Sen. Pete V. Domenici ( R - N.M. ) .
“ One thing that Alaskans clearly appreciate is seniority , ” said Murkowski , who was appointed to the Senate in 2002 by her father , who had just won the governor ’s race .
“ If she were to kind of move me over , if you will , to run for national office again at the expense at this seniority that ’s been built , I do n’t know if Alaskans would look too favorably on that .
“ I think they view the job that we have here in the Senate as a very , very critical one in a state like Alaska , where we always are battling the feds , ” Murkowski said .
“ You need to have this position being filled full time .
And I think that ’s what Alaskans will be looking to . ”
Murkowski said she had not spoken with Palin about whether she will run and said the talk of her running may be “ more media - generated than what actually might be the thought process in Juneau right now . ”
But Moore , the Democratic pollster , said Palin will do whatever she believes will position herself best .
“ Sarah is interested in what is best for Sarah , and she is not necessarily going to get sidetracked by party loyalties , ” Moore said .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Senior military leaders took the exceptional step of briefing President Bush this week on a severe and widespread electronic attack on Defense Department computers that may have originated in Russia -- an incursion that posed unusual concern among commanders and raised potential implications for national security .
Defense officials would not describe the extent of damage inflicted on military networks .
But they said that the attack struck hard at networks within U.S. Central Command , the headquarters that oversees U.S. involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan , and affected computers in combat zones .
The attack also penetrated at least one highly protected classified network .
Military computers are regularly beset by outside hackers , computer viruses and worms .
But defense officials said the most recent attack involved an intrusive piece of malicious software , or “ malware , ” apparently designed specifically to target military networks .
“ This one was significant ; this one got our attention , ” said one defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity when discussing internal assessments .
Advertisement
Although officials are withholding many details , the attack underscores the increasing danger and potential significance of computer warfare , which defense experts say could one day be used by combatants to undermine even a militarily superior adversary .
Bush was briefed on the threat by Navy Adm. Michael G. Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Mullen also briefed Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates .
Military electronics experts have not pinpointed the source or motive of the attack and could not say whether the destructive program was created by an individual hacker or whether the Russian government may have had some involvement .
Defense experts may never be able to answer such questions , officials said .
The defense official said the military also had not learned whether the software ’s designers may have been specifically targeting computers used by troops in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Advertisement
However , suspicions of Russian involvement come at an especially delicate time because of sagging relations between Washington and Moscow and growing tension over U.S. plans to develop a missile defense system in Eastern Europe .
The two governments also have traded charges of regional meddling after U.S. support for democratic elections in former Soviet states and recent Russian overtures in Latin America .
U.S. officials have worried in recent years about the possibility of cyber- attacks from other countries , especially China and Russia , whether sponsored by governments of those countries or launched by individual computer experts .
An electronic attack from Russia shut down government computers in Estonia in 2007 .
And officials believe that a series of electronic attacks were launched against Georgia at the same time that hostilities erupted between Moscow and Tbilisi last summer .
Russia has denied official involvement in the Georgia attacks .
The first indication that the Pentagon was dealing with a computer problem came last week , when officials banned the use of external computer flash drives .
At the time , officials did not indicate the extent of the attack or the fact that it may have targeted defense systems or posed national security concerns .
Advertisement
The invasive software , known as agent.btz , has circulated among nongovernmental U.S. computers for months .
But only recently has it affected the Pentagon ’s networks .
It is not clear whether the version responsible for the cyber- intrusion of classified networks is the same as the one affecting other computer systems .
The malware is able to spread to any flash drive plugged into an infected computer .
The risk of spreading the malware to other networks prompted the military to ban the drives .
Defense officials acknowledged that the worldwide ban on external drives was a drastic move .
Flash drives are used constantly in Iraq and Afghanistan , and many officers keep them loaded with crucial information on lanyards around their necks .
Banning their use made sharing information in the war theaters more difficult and reflected the severity of the intrusion and the threat from agent.btz , a second official said .
Advertisement
Officials would not describe the exact threat from agent.btz , or say whether it could shut down computers or steal information .
Some computer experts have reported that agent.btz can allow an attacker to take control of a computer remotely and to take files and other information from it .
In response to the attack , the U.S. Strategic Command , which oversees the military ’s cyberspace defenses , has raised the security level for its so - called information operations condition , or “ INFOCON , ” initiating enhanced security measures on military networks .
The growing possibility of future electronic conflicts has touched off debates among U.S. defense experts over how to train and utilize American computer warfare specialists .
Some have advocated creating offensive capabilities , allowing the U.S. to develop the ability to intrude into the networks of other countries .
But most top leaders believe the U.S. emphasis in cyberspace should be on improving defenses and gathering intelligence , particularly about potential threats .
Advertisement
On Tuesday , Gen. Norton A. Schwartz , Air Force chief of staff , received a specialized briefing about the malware attack .
Officers from the Air Force Network Operations Center at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana outlined their efforts to halt the spread of the malware and to protect military computers from further attack .
Schwartz , praising those efforts , said that the attack and the military ’s response were being closely monitored by senior military leaders .
The offending program has been cleansed from a number of military networks .
But officials said they did not believe they had removed every bit of infection from all Defense Department computers .
“ There are lots of people working hard to remove the threat and put in preventive measures to protect the grid , ” said the defense official .
“ We have taken a number of corrective measures , but I would be overstating it if I said we were through this . ”
Advertisement
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Breakfast may indeed be the most important meal of the day -- as long as that meal is not a doughnut -- a study suggests .
A woman eats breakfast in " The Plaza " hotel 's " Palm Court " the first day that the hotel re-opened following extensive renovations in New York March 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Using data from a national health survey of U.S. adults , researchers found that people who ate lower - calorie foods for breakfast tended to have a higher - quality diet overall .
Furthermore , men who ate a healthy breakfast generally weighed less .
Among women , breakfast eaters -- regardless of the food involved -- tended to weigh less than those who skipped the morning meal .
The findings , reported in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , give some support to past studies finding that breakfast eaters are less likely to be overweight -- and that eating a high - quality breakfast , rather than grabbing a pastry , is the key .
Research has shown , for example , that people who eat a bowl of cereal for breakfast have a lower average weight than either those who skip breakfast or those who sit down to a plate of steak and eggs .
What ’s “ unique ” about the current study is that it suggests that breakfast foods low in “ energy density ” -- low in calories for a given amount of food -- “ appear to predict better food choices for the rest of the day and may help with better management of body weight , ” Dr. James Rippe , one of the researchers on the work , said in a written statement .
Fruits , vegetables and high - fiber whole grains , for example , are low in energy density , while confections like Danish pastries and doughnuts have a high energy density .
The current findings underscore the importance of choosing low - energy - density options for breakfast , according to Rippe , a cardiologist with the Rippe Lifestyle Institute in Shrewsbury , Massachusetts .
The Rippe organization manages the Breakfast Research Institute , an industry - sponsored group that funds health and nutrition research .
The BRI financed the current study .
The findings are based on responses from more than 12,000 U.S. adults who took part in three federal health surveys between 1999 and 2004 .
Overall , people who reported eating a low - energy - density breakfast in the past day were more likely than their counterparts to choose lower - calorie foods for the rest of the day as well .
As a group , they also had a higher - quality diet -- eating a wider variety of foods and more vitamins and minerals .
Among men , those who ate a breakfast low in energy density tended to weigh less , even with factors like exercise and income considered .
For women , any type of breakfast was related to a lower likelihood of obesity -- though the calorie density of other meals did seem to be important .
More research is needed to confirm those particular findings , Rippe ’s team notes .
For now , they suggest that men should be encouraged to eat a breakfast low in energy density , whereas women should eat breakfast but also focus on choosing low - energy - density foods throughout the day .
SOURCE : American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , November 2008 .
An acaleph - like aquatic creature was spotted in Fuzhou , the capital city of southeastern China 's Fujian Province .
The creature is yet to be identified .
A acaleph - like aquatic creature crumbles into several parts after being fished out of water in this photo published on Thursday , June 19 , 2008 .
[ Photo : Strait News ]
The aquatic species , weighing dozens of kilograms , appears grey in the water .
However , it turns transparent and jelly - like once fished out of water .
Several local fishermen who have been fishing in Zuohai sea for more than 10 years - where the aquatic creature was spotted - told the Strait News that they have never seen such a species before .
The biggest one they found was nearly one meter long and weighed some 40 kilograms .
One of the creatures taken out of the water on Monday afternoon turned into a transparent glue - like substance in two days , with some green silk - like objects inside .
Bearing antennas at its rear end , the species is only capable of drifting along in water currents .
Local residents said that the unidentified " water monster " grew quickly , and were worried that it was caused by the polluted water .
A biologist whose name was not given said the aquatic creature is most likely a kind of algae , not an animal .
However , it 's unsure whether the creature is a sign that the Zuohai sea is polluted .
After years of suing thousands of people for allegedly stealing music via the Internet , the recording industry is set to drop its legal assault as it searches for more effective ways to combat online music piracy .
The decision represents an abrupt shift of strategy for the industry , which has opened legal proceedings against about 35,000 people since 2003 .
Critics say the legal offensive ultimately did little to stem the tide of illegally downloaded music .
And it created a public - relations disaster for the industry , whose ...
' Ido n't wear the niqab because I do n't think it 's necessary , " says the woman behind the counter in the Islamic dress shop in east London .
" We do sell quite a few of them , though . "
She shows me how to wear the full veil .
I would have thought that one size fits all but it turns out I 'm a size 54 .
I pay my £ 39 and leave with three pieces of black cloth folded inside a bag .
The next morning I put these three pieces on as I 've been shown .
First the black robe , or jilbab , which zips up at the front .
Then the long rectangular hijab that wraps around my head and is secured with safety pins .
Finally the niqab , which is a square of synthetic material with adjustable straps , a slit of about five inches for my eyes and a tiny heart - shaped bit of netting , which I assume is to let some air in .
I look at myself in my full - length mirror .
I 'm horrified .
I have disappeared and somebody I do n't recognise is looking back at me .
I cannot tell how old she is , how much she weighs , whether she has a kind or a sad face , whether she has long or short hair , whether she has any distinctive facial features at all .
I 've seen this person in black on the television and in newspapers , in the mountains of Afghanistan and the cities of Saudi Arabia , but she does n't look right here , in my bedroom in a terraced house in west London .
I do what little I can to personalise my appearance .
I put on my oversized man 's watch and make sure the bottoms of my jeans are visible .
I 'm so taken aback by how dissociated I feel from my own reflection that it takes me over an hour to pluck up the courage to leave the house .
I 've never worn the niqab , the hijab or the jilbab before .
Growing up in a Muslim household in Bradford in the 1970s and 80s , my Islamic dress code consisted of a school uniform worn with trousers underneath .
At home I wore the salwar kameez , the long tunic and baggy trousers , and a scarf around my shoulders .
My parents only instructed me to cover my hair when I was in the presence of the imam , reading the Qur'an , or during the call to prayer .
Today I see Muslim girls 10 , 20 years younger than me shrouding themselves in fabric .
They talk about identity , self - assurance and faith .
Am I missing out on something ?
On the street it takes just seconds for me to discover that there are different categories of stare .
Elderly people stop dead in their tracks and glare ; women tend to wait until you have passed and then turn round when they think you can't see ; men just look out of the corners of their eyes .
And young children - well , they just stare , point and laugh .
I have coffee with a friend on the high street .
She greets my new appearance with laughter and then with honesty .
" Even though I can't see your face , I can tell you 're nervous .
I can hear it in your voice and you keep tugging at the veil . "
The reality is , I 'm finding it hard to breathe .
There is no real inlet for air and I can feel the heat of every breath I exhale , so my face just gets hotter and hotter .
The slit for my eyes keeps slipping down to my nose , so I can barely see a thing .
Throughout the day I trip up more times than I care to remember .
As for peripheral vision , it 's as if I 'm stuck in a car buried in black snow .
I can't fathom a way to drink my cappuccino and when I become aware that everybody in the coffee shop is wondering the same thing , I give up and just gaze at it .
At the supermarket a baby no more than two years old takes one look at me and bursts into tears .
I move towards him .
" It 's OK , " I murmur .
" I 'm not a monster .
I 'm a real person . "
I show him the only part of me that is visible - my hands - but it 's too late .
His mother has whisked him away .
I do n't blame her .
Every time I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirrored refrigerators , I scare myself .
For a ridiculous few moments I stand there practicing a happy and approachable look using just my eyes .
But I 'm stuck looking aloof and inhospitable , and am not surprised that my day lacks the civilities I normally receive , the hellos , thank - yous and goodbyes .
After a few hours I get used to the gawping and the sniggering , am unsurprised when passengers on a bus prefer to stand up rather than sit next to me .
What does surprise me is what happens when I get off the bus .
I 've arranged to meet a friend at the National Portrait Gallery .
In the 15 - minute walk from the bus stop to the gallery , two things happen .
A man in his 30s , who I think might be Dutch , stops in front of me and asks : " Can I see your face ? "
" Why do you want to see my face ? "
" Because I want to see if you are pretty .
Are you pretty ? "
Before I can reply , he walks away and shouts : " You fucking tease ! "
Then I hear the loud and impatient beeping of a horn .
A middle - aged man is leering at me from behind the wheel of a white van .
" Watch where you 're going , you stupid Paki ! " he screams .
This time I 'm a bit faster .
" How do you know I'm Pakistani ? " I shout .
He responds by driving so close that when he yells , " Terrorist ! " I can feel his breath on my veil .
Things do n't get much better at the National Portrait Gallery .
I suppose I was half expecting the cultured crowd to be too polite to stare .
But I might as well be one of the exhibits .
As I float from room to room , like some apparition , I ask myself if wearing orthodox garments forces me to adopt more orthodox views .
I look at paintings of Queen Anne and Mary II .
They are in extravagant ermines and taffetas and their ample bosoms are on display .
I look at David Hockney 's famous painting of Celia Birtwell , who is modestly dressed from head to toe .
And all I can think is that if all women wore the niqab how sad and strange this place would be .
I cannot even bear to look at my own shadow .
Vain as it may sound , I miss seeing my own face , my own shape .
I miss myself .
Yet at the same time I feel completely naked .
The women I have met who have taken to wearing the niqab tell me that it gives them confidence .
I find that it saps mine .
Nobody has forced me to wear it but I feel like I have oppressed and isolated myself .
Maybe I will feel more comfortable among women who dress in a similar fashion , so over 24 hours I visit various parts of London with a large number of Muslims - Edgware Road ( known to some Londoners as " Arab Street " ) , Whitechapel Road ( predominantly Bangladeshi ) and Southall ( Pakistani and Indian ) .
Not one woman is wearing the niqab .
I see many with their hair covered , but I can see their faces .
Even in these areas I feel a minority within a minority .
Even in these areas other Muslims turn and look at me .
I head to the Central Mosque in Regent 's Park .
After three failed attempts to hail a black cab , I decide to walk .
A middle - aged American tourist stops me .
" Do you mind if I take a photograph of you ? " I think for a second .
I suppose in strict terms I should say no but she is about the first person who has smiled at me all day , so I oblige .
She fires questions at me .
" Could I try it on ? "
No .
" Is it uncomfortable ? " Yes .
" Do you sleep in it ? " No .
Then she says : " Oh , you must be very , very religious . "
I 'm not sure how to respond to that , so I just walk away .
At the mosque , hundreds of women sit on the floor surrounded by samosas , onion bhajis , dates and Black Forest gateaux , about to break their fast .
I look up and down every line of worshippers .
I can't believe it - I am the only person wearing the niqab .
I ask a Scottish convert next to me why this is .
" It is seen as something quite extreme .
There is no real reason why you should wear it .
Allah gave us faces and we should not hide our faces .
We should celebrate our beauty . "
I 'm reassured .
I think deep down my anxiety about having to wear the niqab , even for a day , was based on guilt - that I am not a true Muslim unless I cover myself from head to toe .
But the Qur'an says : " Allah has given you clothes to cover your shameful parts , and garments pleasing to the eye : but the finest of all these is the robe of piety . "
I do n't understand the need to wear something as severe as the niqab , but I respect those who bear this endurance test - the staring , the swearing , the discomfort , the loss of identity .
I wear my robes to meet a friend in Notting Hill for dinner that night .
" It 's not you really , is it ? " she asks .
No , it 's not .
I prefer not to wear my religion on my sleeve ... or on my face .
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 17,011
Dream Points : 57,562
Experience Points : 17,610
Joined : 15 - April 07
Member No. : 15,677
Joined : 15 - April 07 Member No. : 15,677
How do you know if a person is willing to attain self - improvement ?
This is a question with no definite answer .
It will all depend on the individual .
Many people have goals , dreams or ambitions but do not know how to go about achieving them .
They may have thought about what would make up self - improvement and their ideal life , but have no idea how to even begin to make the plans and take the actions required to make them a reality .
Some people have a vague idea on how to go about self - improvement .
These are the ones that believe that if only they had a better job , or had been given better opportunities , or met the love of their life , or whatever else , everything would be fine and they would be happy .
They feel that their happiness or lack of happiness is decided by external factors and their thoughts and actions are of little consequence .
Some believe that if only they had more money they could have whatever they want and be on their way to self - improvement .
They may have spent little time thinking about what they actually want from life , and do not really believe there is anything they can do to create their fuzzy version of utopia anyway , apart from buying more lottery tickets .
Other people do not even know what they actually want from their lives and may even have little idea what would really make them happy .
They seem to just drift from day to day , week to week , month to month , and year to year , and do little more than just about get by .
They may have seemingly secure jobs and be earning enough to live relatively comfortable lives .
They seem happy enough and have no great ambition to achieve anything more from their lives than they currently have .
Is self - improvement important ?
The reality is that throughout our lives we are all constantly growing and developing .
Circumstances make us grow and develop , even if we do not make the conscious decision to do so .
Up to a certain age , we learn through formal education and we continue to learn through our experiences for the rest of our lives .
We have to learn and grow to deal with everything that life throws at us .
We all have to go through self - improvement .
Modern life moves at a dramatically faster pace than at anytime in history .
For anyone living in modern society there are more opportunities to do anything that you want to do with your life than ever before .
But there is also more competition than ever before , and ever changing technology means that there really are few , if any jobs for life anymore .
It is now normal not only to change jobs quite often throughout our working lives , but also even to completely change careers and industries .
Because the workplace is so competitive , people who are ambitious and hungry for success know they need to learn new skills and knowledge to keep ahead of the pack .
To attain this , self - improvement is needed .
These are the people that will be most likely to keep their jobs , or progress within their chosen field , or that will be readily employable in different organizations or industries .
A commitment to self improvement and personal growth may well be the deciding factor in how anyone�s future will turn out .
Tweet
--------------------
Forex Trend Scanner !
Free Money ! -
Do not click !
WASHINGTON — Politics without buzzwords is like sports without clichés , math without numbers or Blago without bleeps .
Tough to imagine , in other words , especially in such a game - changer of a campaign year in which buzzwords were flying like shoes .
Buzzwords are what political wiseguys use to sound all important and knowing in a profession whose prime currency is the illusion of being both .
They are like secret passwords for the chattering class , the verbal equivalent of a terrorist fist jab .
Picking out political buzzwords from 2008 is like shooting moose in a pigpen .
The fundamentals were so dizzyingly strong , it could be tough to keep them all straight .
Before you knew it “ The One ” had become “ That One ” and the “ team of mavericks ” were going rogue on each other .
You mixed up Client 9 and Candidate 5 at the holiday party and tried to change the subject .
Read More ...
The lifespan of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign “ meta- narrative ” could be charted entirely in buzzwords and catch - phrases — “ inevitability ” to “ Clinton fatigue ” to “ Obamamania ” to “ he ca n’t win ” to “ team of rivals . ”
Same with Sarah Palin — the “ hockey mom ” who “ Geritoled ” ( or Viagra ’d ) John McCain ’s campaign back to life and threatened to supplant Mrs. Clinton as the new face of American “ femocracy . ”
That is , until she started palling around with Katie Couric and her Joe Six - Pack bona fides got lost in the aisles of Nordstrom and a string of off - message headlines .
Ms. Palin was ultimately dubbed a “ whack job ” by a ( rogue ) McCainiac , and many have dismissed her efforts at image rehab as akin to putting lipstick on something or other , we forgot .
If political buzzwords in 2008 had a temperament , they would be erratic .
But enough already .
We ’re suspending this story to return to Washington immediately .
We ’re appointing ourselves “ buzzword czars , ” bent on putting “ strict limits ” on their use and proliferation .
Politicians discussing the economic crisis will be forbidden from deploying that horribly overbaked “ Wall Street vs. Main Street ” construction .
No more transparency or openness or straight talk or TARP money or kitchen sinks or post- racial or post - partisan nonsense will be “ driving the conversation ” in our “ post - buzzword ” America , either .
We ’re “ fired up and ready to go , ” but consider this a linguistic 3 a.m. wake - up call .
If Obama can quit smoking , we can quit buzzwords for at least a day .
Or a paragraph .
( Cue video of cold sweat gushing down forehead . )
Game on .
No buzzwords , no buzzwords , no buzzwords .
Can we really keep this up for a whole paragraph ?
Yes we can !
Oops , guess not .
And can we get through an entire story about political buzzwords in 2008 without mentioning the single most pervasive concept , placard message and rally cry of all ?
Can we go without mentioning that certain verb / noun that begins with “ c ” and ends with “ e ” and was demanded wherever Obamamania raged and T - shirts were sold ?
Can we do it ?
Yes we did .
A closing argument , my friends :
This “ change election ” ( oops , no we can ’t ) was in fact a great election — great for ratings and great for drama , even if the No Drama candidate ultimately prevailed ( then hired “ Drama Manuel ” to be his chief of staff ) .
Elections have consequences .
And lots of buzzwords .
— Mark Leibovich Hide
Grant Barrett is a lexicographer specializing in slang and new words .
He is a co-host of the public radio program “ A Way With Words ” and head of the New Words Committee of the American Dialect Society .
Here are some of the words he tracked this year .
Largely used online , this is a verb turned into a mass noun , as in “ A bucket of fail . ”
Common forms include epic fail , meaning a huge overall tendency toward failure or a great example of failure , and FAIL ! as an interjection or derogation .
Often an antonym of win , seen online in forms like “ Full of win ! ” which means , “ It ’s good ! ” A penalty or salary cut suffered by a business executive whose company suffers market setbacks or failures .
The opposite of a bonus .
Actuaries used the term as early as the 1960s .
Not so much a buzzword as political wallpaper , background noise and ambient energy rolled into one .
The idea of discarding old ideas and methods seemed to underlie everything said by national political candidates .
A nickname for the former vice - presidential candidate Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska .
President - elect Barack Obama ’s name continues to provoke an avalanche of one - offs and nonce terms , some of dubious utility and few of great lifespan .
Variations on “ Obamination ” and “ Obamanation ” are common , with the first term largely being used in a negative sense and the second in a positive one .
More were catalogued by the online magazine Slate , which created an application for Facebook and published a book of the terms called “ Obamamania !
The English Language , Barackafied . ”
A sample of other forms include Bamelot , Baraccoli , Baracked , Barackintosh , Baracklamation , Barackstar , Barackupied , Barackwurst , Nobama , Obamacam , Obamacize , Obamafy , Obamalicious , Obamalujah , Obamamatopoeia , Obamamentum , Obamanos , Obamaphoria , Obamarama , Obamascope , Obamatopia , Obamatose , Obamazon .
A person who is frugal but fashionable .
A vacation from work or school that does not involve traveling .
The sharp degradation of a digital broadcast signal beyond a certain distance .
This cliff could be encountered when analog signals cease broadcasting on Feb. 18 , 2009 .
Households that received analog signals just fine may find that the digital signal does n’t work .
A term coined by Jack Black for the movie “ Kung Fu Panda ” and popularized by the movie ’s promoters .
It appears during a crucial scene in the movie and accompanies a gesture .
Excellent in the fashion of the swimmer Michael Phelps , who won eight medals and set seven world records at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
The opposite of gas - guzzler .
Though more than 30 years old , the term took on new significance as gasoline prices rose to record highs .
An everyman .
Seen in this election in Amtrak Joe , Joe the Plumber , Joe the Biden and Joe Six - Pack , among others .
A nickname for Beijing , whose skies are some of the most polluted in the world .
A cosmetic procedure in which fish eat the dead skin off the feet .
A woman who shares a husband with another woman .
Used by members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Texas and other polygamous groups .
An adornment of something that ca n’t be made pretty .
When Barack Obama said , “ You can put lipstick on a pig , but it ’s still a pig , ” many people assumed he meant Sarah Palin , who has said that the only difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull is lipstick .
Intentionally inserting oneself as an unwelcome subject in the background of someone else ’s photograph .
Driving while texting , the distracting practice of sending text messages while operating an automobile .
The falsification of records to show that an athlete meets participation requirements for a sporting event .
This issue arose with Chinese gymnasts in the Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Obsession with staying thin by a pregnant woman .
A sticky or magnetic battery - powered LED used in bunches as a form of graffiti .
A mother who spends a great deal of time and money aggressively abetting her children ’s interest in the sport of hockey .
Sarah Palin described herself as one .
Borrowed later as a marketing term akin to soccer mom to mean a middle - class suburban mother from states where hockey is a common pastime .
Tw- , tweet - , twitt -.
Combining forms all inspired by Twitter , what might be called a free nano - blogging service .
It helps small groups share what they ’re thinking or doing in just 140 characters per message , or tweet , as such a message is called .
The service has generated new words and related Web sites .
Tweet - up , for example , is either a meeting of people organized through Twitter , or the Web site that helps bring about the meetings .
A new term designated by the International Astronomical Union to refer to Pluto and space objects like it , which are something less than planets .
Pronounced FEW - tark - ee .
A theoretical government controlled in part by speculative markets .
Coined by Robin D. Hanson of George Mason University .
A person who is beholden to no one .
Widely used by the Republican presidential and vice - presidential candidates , John McCain and Sarah Palin .
Also in the adjectival form mavericky , used by Tina Fey portraying Governor Palin on “ Saturday Night Live . ”
A new lake formed by May ’s major earthquake in China .
Originally , someone who favored a recession as ultimately good for the economy .
Now , a person who stays fashionable during an economic downturn without spending a lot of money .
An initialism for “ too big to fail , ” used to describe very large financial institutions that many believe should be protected from financial collapse .
To say that someone is in the tank for someone else is to suggest that support comes as a result of backroom deals or political logrolling .
A fan of Stephenie Meyer ’s “ Twilight ” book series about vampires .
Rhymes with “ die - hard . ”
The risky practice of shorting stock that someone else owns without getting the right to sell it first .
To ruin a movie franchise ; usually attributed to the arrogance of a successful producer or director .
The term was coined based on a scene in the latest Indiana Jones movie , in which the hero survives a nuclear blast by hiding in a refrigerator .
The term is patterned after jump the shark , coined a few years ago to refer to anything that had peaked in popularity or quality and was now on a downward slide toward ridiculousness and irrelevancy .
A style of hands - on self - education that benefits the student without concern for curriculums or the interests of schools , corporations or governments .
In other words , an autodidactic approach that spurns commercialism , mass - market approaches and top - down goal - setting .
Coined by Jim Groom , an “ instructional technologist ” at the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg , Va .
A growing economy in which prices fall .
A video of 90 seconds or less .
Used by the photo - sharing Web site Flickr , which began permitting videos this year .
When political appointees find their party out of power , they often seek to stay on the government payroll by taking a different but similar job as a civil servant , burrowing in like a hibernating animal until their party should take up the reins again .
A knuckle - to - knuckle fist bump , or “ dap , ” traditionally performed between two black people as a sign of friendship , celebration or agreement .
It was called the “ terrorist fist jab ” by the newscaster E. D. Hill , formerly of Fox News .
The name was taken up by opponents of Barack Obama , who is prone to do the bump with members of his family .
He and his wife , Michelle , were featured making the gesture in a cartoon on the cover of The New Yorker in July .
The expression is now used ironically across the political spectrum .
Curse of the fish that time forgot : Believed to be extinct for 65 million years - it returned with chilling consequences
Heat cloaked the small South African city of East London like a steaming towel .
Marjorie Courtenay - Latimer , the young curator of the local natural history museum , had just received a phone call from the captain of the trawler Nerine , to say he had landed a catch that might interest her .
She was tempted not to go to have a look ; it was too hot , and she wanted to finish a display of fossils before the museum closed for the holidays .
But something persuaded her it might be worth it .
So she grabbed her assistant , Enoch , and caught a taxi to the wharf .
Fossils show coelacanth were alive 400 million years ago - 200 million years before the first dinosaurs
The Nerine was moored nearby , with a heap of fish on its fo'c 'sle deck .
Marjorie hitched up her cotton dress and climbed aboard .
It was while she was sorting through the sharks , starfish , sponges and rattail fishes that she noticed a blue fin sticking up from beneath the pile .
' I picked away the layers of slime to reveal the most beautiful fish I had ever seen , ' she later recalled .
' It was 5ft long , a pale , mauvy blue with faint flecks of whitish spots .
It was covered in hard scales , and it had four limb - like fins and a strange little puppy - dog tail . '
What Marjorie had stumbled on , 70 years ago this month , would change her life for ever .
More than that , it would profoundly alter man 's understanding of the natural world .
For this was the first recorded specimen of a coelacanth ( pronounced see - la - canth ) - a fish thought to have been extinct for more than 65 million years , which was believed to be ' the missing link ' that marked the moment when animal life first left the ocean for the land .
Previously , the coelacanth 's existence had only ever been known from fossil records that showed the species had lived as long as 400 million years ago - 200 million years before dinosaurs had first walked the Earth .
Early naturalists , who had studied the fossil records , had long been puzzled and intrigued by this creature , with its lobed , limb - like fins .
But it was only with the publication of Darwin 's Origin Of the Species , in 1859 , and his theory of evolution , that its true significance first became apparent .
For here was a fossil species that answered the critics who poured scorn on the very idea that fish could somehow have ' walked ' out of the sea and later diversified into the huge variety of land - based animals around us today - including man himself .
Yet even after Darwin 's theory became widely accepted , no naturalist ever imagined that coelacanths might have survived into the modern age .
At least , not until Marjorie Courtenay - Latimer made her astonishing discovery amid the foetid heat of that South African dockside .
Marjorie 's find turned conventional scientific thinking on its head .
But it was by no means the end of the coelacanths mystery .
Not by a long chalk .
For in the decades after that discovery , the coelacanth continued to defy man 's best attempts to study it .
Sightings of the coelacanth remained as rare as Yeti's footprints
Despite the promise of vast rewards for any live specimen , sightings remained as rare as Yeti's footprints .
Yes , one or two were dredged up for the ocean depths to become museum pieces .
But only a live specimen would help solve the mystery of how it had survived , unchanged and undisturbed , for so long .
What ensued was one of the greatest fishing - hunt of the last century .
For some , the search would become a lifelong obsession .
Certainly , it inspired extraordinary levels of devotion and dedication .
But it would also lead to greed , recklessness ... and , ultimately , to a sequence of agonising deaths that raised a bizarre and haunting question : Could this ' living fossil ' be cursed ?
I saw my first coelacanth 15 years ago , in a small museum in the remote Comoro Islands in the Indian Ocean , between Madagascar and Mozambique .
It was pouring outside , curtains of tropical rain , and I needed shelter until the storm passed .
Wandering around the museum , my attention was drawn by the large stuffed fish in a glass case .
The story on the card beside it captivated me ; the tale of a creature from pre-history , who had somehow managed to survive the coming and going of dinosaurs , ice ages , and the dawn of mankind .
Like Marjorie and many others before me , I became obsessed with this , our oldest living ancestor , and determined to find out everything I could about it .
The more I learned , the more intrigued I became .
An expert measures a fish caught in the Sixties
My first step was to travel to South Africa , where I spent several days with Marjorie , then a sprightly 90 - year - old .
She told me what had happened after she 'd brought that first coelacanth back to her museum , and her desperate battle to find some way to preserve it for a closer scientific analysis .
Wheeling the fish around town on a handcart , much to the annoyance of Christmas shoppers , she had tried the mortuary and the cold storage .
But there was no room at either inn .
So with the help of a friendly taxidermist , she managed to wrap the fish up in formalin - soaked newspaper and a sheet , which she borrowed from her mother .
Then she sent a letter , with a rough sketch , to her friend and mentor , Dr JLB Smith , a lecturer at Rhodes University in Grahamstown , on the Eastern Cape , asking for his
assistance .
It was 13 anguish - filled days before Smith read Marjorie 's letter and studied her sketch .
' I stared and stared , at first in puzzlement , ' he later wrote in Old Fourlegs , his account of the story .
' And then a bomb seemed to burst in my brain ... I was looking at a series of fishy creatures that flashed up as if on a screen , fishes no longer here , fishes that had lived in dim past ages gone , and of which only fragmentary remains in rocks are known . '
Smith was sure he was looking at a sketch of a long - extinct coelacanth , and immediately dashed off a telegraph to Marjorie , asking her to preserve the coelacanth 's body at all costs .
Coelacanths defy man 's attempts to understand them
But it was too late .
The all - important innards had long been consigned to the ocean .
So distraught was Smith at this missed opportunity that he spent the next 14 years searching , obsessively , for another coelacanth .
With his wife , Margaret , he scoured the southern and eastern coasts of Africa .
They talked to fishermen and distributed ' wanted ' posters across the area .
But it was n't until Christmas Eve , 1952 , that they found what they were looking for .
It was then that Smith received a telegram from an English sea trader named Eric Hunt , informing him that a curious - looking fish had been spotted in a market in the Comoros , which he suspected might be what the naturalist was hunting for .
Smith went into a state that he later described as ' possessed ' .
He was prepared to do anything necessary to get to the Comoros as quickly as possible .
His only option was to charter a plane , but since it was Christmas , only one man had the power to help him - the South African Prime Minister , DF Malan .
But there was a problem : Malan was a strict Calvinist and creationist .
Surely he would reject any request for help from a scientist hoping to prove Darwin 's theory of evolution was right .
Filled with despair , Smith tried phoning the Prime Minister at his Cape Town retreat .
The premier came on the line - and to Smith 's eternal surprise , agreed to help .
A creature caught in the Fifties
The following day , Smith flew in a South African Air Force Dakota to the Comoros and hurried to see the fish , which was lying in state in a coffin - shaped box aboard Hunt 's schooner .
Looking at the curious specimen , the scientist could not contain his rapture : ' I knelt down on the deck to get a closer view , and as I caressed that fish , I found tears splashing on my hands and realised I was weeping , and was quite without shame . '
Smith and his team flew the fish back to Durban to be greeted by a battery of flash bulbs .
There , he spent the night in the barracks , the fish beside him , while a special detail of Zulu guards patrolled outside .
By the next day , the story was on the front pages of papers around the world .
The coelacanth had become an unlikely global celebrity .
Following Smith 's dramatic rescue mission , representatives of museums from every country in the world were desperate for their own display specimen , and offered enormous sums as rewards .
But it seemed that coelacanth could not be caught to order .
While one or two dead specimens were successfully preserved , the ultimate prize - a live fish - remained unclaimed .
Despite the best efforts of scientific expeditions , it seemed the coelacanth could not be kept alive at the sea 's surface .
Moreover , those who tried their luck often came to an unhappy end .
After an illustrious career as South Africa 's most revered scientist , Smith committed suicide in 1968 , when he felt his mental faculties beginning to fade .
And Eric Hunt , the English sea captain who had landed the Comoros specimen , died in a shipwreck in 1956 .
Throughout the Sixties and Seventies , the coelacanth continued to excite the imagination of scientists and adventurers around the world .
But it was not until the mid-Eighties that the breakthrough came , when a German animal behaviourist named Hans Fricke found and filmed a number of live coelacanths from his two - man submersible in the waters off the Comoros .
The coelacanth continues to excite the imagination of scientists and adventurers around the world
Then , in 1997 , a marine biologist , Mark Erdmann , saw what he was convinced was a coelacanth in an Indonesian fish market while on his honeymoon .
He took photographs and returned the next year to search for more , offering a one million rupee reward ( equivalent to six months ' salary ) to any fisherman who could land a fish known locally as rajah laut - the king of the sea .
Months passed .
And then it happened .
On July 29 , 1998 , ( just as an elderly Marjorie was being presented with a special gold coin to commemorate her discovery ) an Indonesian fisherman called Om Lameh netted a rajah laut .
It was still alive as he brought it to Mark Erdmann on the island of Bunaken , off Sulawesi .
Erdmann filmed his wife swimming with the coelacanth - but it was already dying .
Erdmann watched as the life went out of it , and within hours , was hard at work dissecting the coelacanth to try to work out how closely related it really was to other living creatures - and ultimately , to us .
Two days after this discovery , I arrived on Bunaken , and spent the next three months there , living in a small shack between the Erdmanns and the fishermen .
I had hoped to be there when the next coelacanth was fished up , but it was n't to be .
The rajah laut , it seemed , was determined to remain as elusive as ever .
I was disappointed , yes , but also inspired - my subsequent book about the coelacanth 's story , A Fish Caught In Time , became a surprise best - seller .
But it turned out this was not quite the end of the story .
For the coelacanth continued to exert an eerie pull on naturalists - and the closer man got to its secret world , the more dangerous these encounters became .
In 1998 , a professional diving trainer name Riaan Bouwer was searching for coelacanths in the deep water off Sodwana Bay in South Africa , determined to be the first diver to see them .
Diving to great depths is technically complicated , requiring a specific mix of oxygen , helium , and nitrogen , as well as several stops during the ascent to prevent decompression sickness , or the bends .
Tragically , Bouwer 's equipment malfunctioned , forcing him to attempt a rapid ascent to the surface .
He never made it .
Because his body had n't decompressed sufficiently , it sank back down and was never recovered .
Two years later , three more South African deep - water divers were exploring the same area .
This time , they were more successful .
' I saw this eye reflecting towards me and that made me curious , ' said expedition leader Pieter Venter .
' I approached , and underneath an overhang , I saw a fish of about two metres long . '
After a few seconds , he realised it was a coelacanth .
But he had no camera .
' It was like seeing a UFO without taking a photograph , ' he said .
He immediately started planning a return trip with a camera crew .
On November 27 , 2000 , they dived down to 115 metres .
At that depth , they would have only 15 minutes of time at the bottom before their air ran out .
They moved from cavern to cavern against a long wall of a canyon .
Twelve minutes into their dive they got lucky : they found and filmed three coelacanths , all hovering in such a way that it made them seem as if they were standing on their heads .
The dive team were thrilled - but in a bizarre repeat of the earlier tragedy , disaster struck again .
One of the team 's cameramen lost consciousness , forcing his diving buddy , Dennis Harding , to rush him to the surface .
From a depth like that , a safe ascent should take around two hours .
They had to do it in minutes .
The two men made it to their boat , but after helping his buddy on board , Harding started to complain of neck pains .
Shortly afterwards , he died from a massive cerebral embolism brought on by his rapid ascent .
The curse of the coelacanth had struck again - just as it would do the following year , when yet another diver , Erna Smith , died in the same waters while practising for another coelacanth expedition .
In three years , then , the coelacanth had claimed the lives of three divers .
It was almost as if death and suffering was the price paid by those who dared to intrude on the king of the sea 's private realm .
Ultimately , though , the mystery of the coelacanth could n't last .
In 2004 , the first of 15 specimens was caught - this time , off the coast of Tanzania .
Today , they are being caught at an increasing rate , not least on account of an intensification of trawling , particularly by Japanese fishing boats , near the coelacanth 's habitat .
In one way , this signifies hope that there might be many more groups of these astonishing creatures living undisturbed around the world .
But it is also worrying for those of us who see the coelacanth as not just a fish , but almost a spiritual talisman of life 's infinite mystery .
The South African , Comoran , Tanzanian and Indonesian governments have recently announced measures to limit fishing in the areas where coelacanths are known to live .
I only hope they succeed - and that the coelacanth will find a way to endure , as it has done for 70 million years , a haunting symbol of eternity in our transient and troubled times .
