Smear tests are less sensitive than HPV tests , say researchers
At - home screening tests for the virus responsible for most cervical cancers could detect many more cases of the disease , say Dutch researchers .
Although cervical screening programmes have cut deaths , not all women take up the invite from the GP .
But self - test kits for human papillomavirus ( HPV ) could double the number of women diagnosed , the British Medical Journal reported .
Trials of self - testing for HPV are currently being done in the UK .
There are more than 100 types of HPV , which is sexually transmitted , but only 13 of them are known to cause cancer .
While it 's important for women to attend cervical screening appointments , some find it difficult to do so for cultural or other reasons
Professor Stephen Duffy , Cancer Research UK
Although most HPV infections clear up by themselves , in some women it persists and cause damage to cells which may eventually develop into cervical cancer .
A vaccine against the two main types of HPV was introduced in the UK in 2008 for schoolgirls .
But the NHS has also been piloting HPV testing as an " add - on " to traditional screening - to pick out those most at risk .
Test kit
In the latest study almost 28,000 Dutch women who had not responded to two invites to attend the regular screening programme were sent an at - home screening kit for HPV .
A smaller group were sent a third invitation for routine screening .
More than a quarter of those sent kits returned a completed test kit , compared with only one in seven who responded in the recall group .
Those who self - tested and had a positive result were then referred for further tests .
Importantly , those women who had also not taken up the offer of the previous round of screening had a higher risk of abnormal changes in their cervix .
The researchers said more than half of cervical cancers in countries with screening programmes are diagnosed in women who have not attended routine testing .
Stephen Duffy , Cancer Research UK 's professor of cancer screening , said : " While it 's important for women to attend cervical screening appointments , some find it difficult to do so for cultural or other reasons .
" For these women , self - sampling for HPV may be an option .
" Its acceptability and effectiveness are currently being researched here in the UK . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The iPad finally goes on sale in Japan today .
The country 's TV news have been covering the launch as well as another product on sale in nearby China : the iPed .
Advertisement
According to this TBS news report , the iPed is on sale in Shenzhen , China .
Shenzhen is the location of the largest Foxconn plant , where the iPhone and the iPad are manufactured .
The iPed comes packaged in a box that looks like the iPod .
Advertisement
But it says iPed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
See ?
Advertisement
Dramatic close up .
The instruction manual says APad , though .
Go figure .
Advertisement
While it is slightly heavier than the iPad , the device is powered by an Intel chip and runs on Google 's open source operating system Android .
But like the iPad , it is a multi-media device .
Advertisement
And is priced at the equivalent of ¥ 9,600 ( US$ 105 ) .
The iPad is priced at ¥ 48,800 ( $ 536 ) in The Land of the Rising Sun .
The Japanese television reporters note that in China popular electronics are copied quickly .
And China is getting better and better at it .
Apple , you better watch out .
These guys are gonna eat your lunch .
And one day , eat it better than you .
Advertisement
中国人さっそくiPadをパクる その名もiPed [ 画像＆動画ニュースぶろぐ ]
Earlier this week it became apparent that the main Hollywood studios had made good on their threat to take legal action against Pirate Bay bandwidth provider CB3ROB / CyberBunker .
At the time , CB3ROB owner Sven Kamphuis told us that he had yet to see the injunction .
TorrentFreak has obtained a copy along with an English translation .
Last month the main Hollywood studios approached CyberBunker operator CB3ROB and demanded that they should stop providing The Pirate Bay with bandwidth .
Failure to comply would result in the MPA taking legal action against CB3ROB in Germany .
This week we exclusively revealed that Columbia Pictures , Disney Enterprises , Paramount Pictures , Twentieth Century Fox , Universal , and Warner Bros. had obtained a preliminary injunction against CB3ROB Ltd from the Regional Court of Hamburg .
The injunction , which was granted without an oral hearing , stated that CB3ROB Ltd. & Co. KG and Managing Director Sven Olaf Kamphuis were now prohibited from connecting The Pirate Bay website and its servers to the Internet .
Following requests from news outlets around the world , TorrentFreak has worked to obtain a copy of the injunction which we can now publish ( In German ) .
Below follows an English translation .
Pages 1 and 2
Landgericht Hamburg , 10th Civil Chamber
310 O 154/10
Order of May 6th 2010
In the matter of
[ Plaintiffs ]
1 ) Columbia Pictures Industries Inc .
2 ) Disney Enterprises Inc .
3 ) Paramount Pictures Corporation
4 ) Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation
5 ) Universal City Studios Productions
6 ) Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc .
Legal representatives for 1 - 6 : Anwaltssozietät Boehmert & Boehmert , Meinekestr . 26 D-10719 Berlin , Gz : MPA60057
versus
[ Defendants ]
1. CB3ROB Ltd. & Co. KG , represented by CB3ROB Ltd. , in turn represented by its Managing Director Sven Olaf Kamphuis , Koloniestraße 34 , D- 13359 Berlin
2. Mr. Sven Olaf Kamphuis , Koloniestraße 34 , D- 13359 Berlin
In the Regional Court of Hamburg , 10th Civil Chamber , case handled by Judge Steeneck , Judge Wandel and Judge Harders .
Page 3
I . By means of a Preliminary Injunction Order – given the urgency of the matter granted without an oral hearing – the Defendants , on pain of a fine to be fixed by the Court for each case of infringement and , in the event that the fine cannot be enforced , imprisonment or imprisonment of up to 6 months ( maximum fine for each case : 250,000 euros ; maximum term of imprisonment 2 years , to be levied on the respective managing directors of the General Partner of Defendant 1 and Defendant 2 personally )
Defendants are prohibited from connecting the website “ The Pirate Bay ” ( available in
particular on thepiratebay.org , piratebay.org , piratebay.net , thepiratebay.com , thepirate - bay.net , piratebay.se ) and its servers to the Internet , insofar that torrent files are made available on this server which enable Internet users to download the following movies :
The Bounty Hunter ( in favor of Plaintiff 1 )
Alice in Wonderland ( in favor of Plaintiff 2 )
Our Family Wedding ( in favor of Plaintiff 4 )
Green Zone ( in favor of Plaintiff 5 )
Repo Men ( in favor of Plaintiff 5 )
Cop Out ( in favor of Plaintiff 6 )
II .
The Defendants bear 86 % and Plaintiff 3 bears 14 % of the court fees .
The Defendants bear the attorney fees of Plaintiffs 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 and 6 .
Plaintiff 3 bears its own attorney fees .
III .
The value of the dispute amounts to 290,000 euros .
Page 4
Grounds :
The order is procedurally founded on §§ 935 et seq. , 922 Code of Civil Procedure and the Court ’s competence to decide on the case follows the § 32 Code of Civil Procedure .
The injunction claims are founded pursuant to §§ 97 , 94 , 15 , 19 et seq. of the Copyright Act .
The pain of penalties and fines follow § 890 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
1 .
Plaintiffs 1 , 2 and 4 to 6 have shown and provided evidence , also upon consideration of the pre-trial arguments put forward by the Defendants , for all facts required for granting the injunction against the Defendants pursuant to § 97 ( 1 ) of the Copyright Act .
Upon presentation of affidavits Plaintiffs have provided evidence that they own all exploitation rights to the following movies :
Plaintiff 1 – “ The Bounty Hunter ”
Plaintiff 2 – “ Alice in Wonderland ”
Plaintiff 4 – “ Our Family Wedding ”
Plaintiff 5 – “ Green Zone ”
Plaintiff 5 – “ Repo Men ”
Plaintiff 6 – “ Cop Out “
Page 5
Plaintiffs also provided evidence that files containing these movies have been made available on The Pirate Bay website [ IP Address : 194.71.107.15 ] and could be downloaded .
This constitutes an act of making available of the movies to the public under §§ 15 , 19a , 94 et seq .
Copyright Act , an act reserved by the Plaintiffs .
As this occurred without the authorization of the Plaintiffs , such acts were unlawful .
Defendants are liable for these infringements pursuant to the “ Störerhaftung ” principle .
Following warning notices from the Plaintiffs , they were able and could be reasonably expected to prevent the accessibility of the websites containing the copyright infringing content .
Defendants cannot rely upon the liability privileges of Article 8 of the Tele Media
Act because this provision is not applicable to injunction claims .
The unlawful use attributable to the Defendants caused the risk of further infringements .
To overcome this risk , Defendants – apart from discontinuing such use – had been required to submit an implicit , serious and timely unlimited cease - and - desist declaration under penalty of law .
Defendants did not submit such declaration upon Plaintiffs ’ request .
There are sufficient grounds for the injunction order .
This follows from the danger or risk of repetition .
Besides , Plaintiffs themselves have handled the matter for the relevant film works quickly enough .
Page 6
2 .
The decision on costs is founded on §§ 91 ( 1 ) , 92 ( 2 ) No.1 , 269 ( 3 ) s.1 Code on Civil Procedure .
The value of the dispute has been estimated pursuant to § 53 Act on Court Fees , § 3 Code on Civil Procedure .
— End of translation —
Speaking with TorrentFreak earlier in the week , CB3ROB ’s Sven Kamphuis said that he had yet to receive a copy of the injunction , but maintained that his company ’s standpoint on the situation is very clear and remains unchanged .
“ In fact , those standpoints have been re-assured by the ‘ Rapidshare verdict ‘ ( also in Germany ) a couple of weeks ago , ” Kamphuis told us .
“ The Pirate Bay is a search engine for torrent files , BitTorrent is a universal file distribution protocol , just like any other means of transporting files over a network .
The Pirate Bay does not ‘ facilitate ’ copyright infringement , nor do we .
The PirateBay ‘ facilitates ’ transporting files over a network , and we facilitate Internet connectivity , ” he continued .
“ If anyone is to blame for seeders not having a distribution license for any potential copyrighted content , it ’s the copyright industry ’s management .
( can you spell ‘ unfair competition ’ , o hai , meet the European Commission ) , ” he added .
Kamphuis further noted that shutting down The Pirate Bay would constitute censorship , an act which he says is illegal under German law and would infringe upon the rights of millions of legitimate users .
Since only a handful of movies are listed in the injunction , removing torrents connected to those could achieve Hollywood ’s requirements , but Kamphuis says that act is out of his control .
“ Now do n’t get me wrong , I ’m all for removing MPA content , as it ’s crap anyway , and gives free promotion to criminal cartels that corrupt our governments , engage in unfair competition , and act [ with hostility ] against ISPs [ which ] is not the way to go , but as we believe in an open Internet , we ’ll even let them stay around for a while , ” he adds .
“ As for ‘ removing ( their not so very specific list of ) torrents ’ , we have no influence on that anyway .
They can sort that one out in court against Reservella , as they will , within a few months . ”
Kamphuis told us that getting an injunction is n’t too difficult and that his company will consider getting a few of their own , such as one which forbids Disney from sending information packets over their infrastructure .
At this point it remains unclear if CB3ROB have officially received a copy of the injunction but in any event , The Pirate Bay remains fully operational to this day .
Update : CB3ROB have received the injunction .
“ We will continue the fight in a normal court procedure , as of course , we cannot agree to this as it undermines the entire internet industry ’s business model , ” Kamphuis told TorrentFreak .
Handcrafted by Masters ( Most - viewed 2020 )
Each of our kukris / knives are creatively designed , carefully made , vigorously tested , and caringly delivered .
Our vast collection caters to the need of every kukri lovers and for every intentions .
Gulf spill : ' beyond what we anticipated '
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- BP did not have a plan to deal with the kind of oil rig rupture that is now spewing thousands of gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico , the president of the company 's U.S. operations told Congress on Monday .
" There was not a response plan per se , " Lamar McKay , president of BP America , told senators at the first of several Congressional hearings this week about the spill off the Louisiana coast .
McKay stressed that BP began working immediately to contain the spill that developed after the drill rig , Deepwater Horizon , exploded and sank last month , killing 11 employees .
The company 's efforts have been hindered by the difficulty of working at depths of 5,000 feet below the surface .
" We 're not scrambling around , " said McKay , who described several steps BP has taken , with varying degrees of success , to manage the disaster .
" But , no , I can not say there was a plan to hit every one of these methods . "
BP announced separately that it had begun transporting some oil to a drillship on the surface after a successfully inserting a tube into the damaged drill pipe .
McKay said he was not sure how much oil has been captured using this method .
" I think it 's a relatively small percentage , " he said .
Additionally , McKay echoed comments he made in a House hearing last week , saying the cause of the spill is still under investigation , and that it 's too soon to say what happened .
" We cannot draw any conclusions until all the facts are known , " he said .
" At the same time , we are fully engaged in response to the devastating events . "
Senators also questioned two federal officials about the government 's response to the crisis : Janet Napolitano , secretary of the Department of Homeland Security , and Rear Admiral Peter Neffenger of the Coast Guard .
" The federal government will continue to do everything in its power to ensure that BP stops the leaks , contains the spill , and mitigates the spill 's impact on the environment , the economy , and public health , " Napolitano said .
She said the government has mobilized 17,000 federal , state and local workers and thousands of volunteers in response to the disaster .
In addition , more than 550 vessels have been deployed along with dozens of aircraft , she added .
But the government 's ability to repair damaged oil infrastructure deep below the surface remains limited , she added .
" Frankly , the federal government has limited capability and expertise in responding to wellhead incidents on the sea floor , " said Napolitano .
Rear Admiral Peter Neffenger said the Coast Guard had trained for a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in recent years , but he acknowledged that the maritime agency had not prepared for such a large spill in deep waters .
" Clearly , this is beyond what we anticipated , " he said .
" At a minimum we are going to have to go back and look at our planning factors . "
BP has stated repeatedly that it will cover all of the clean up costs and will pay all " legitimate " claims of loss and damages caused by the spill .
Some lawmakers want to raise the liability cap on what oil companies must pay for losses resulting from a spill , which now stands at $ 75 million .
McKay said BP has so far paid about $ 12 million to small businesses hurt by the spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
He also said BP has made grants totaling $ 25 million to four U.S. states to help protect coastal areas endangered by the growing oil slick .
Separately on Monday , a White House official confirmed that President Obama will use an executive order to establish a Presidential Commission to investigate the spill .
It was not clear when President Obama will formally make the announcement or sign the executive order .
In Part 1 of this article I detailed the purposeful systematic destruction of global economies , with a bad flu as the catalyst , as part of a plan by the Davos elite to reconstruct the world in a manner most beneficial to these evil men and detrimental to you and me .
The fight remains to be fought .
Orwell ’s worst fears are coming to fruition .
The masking of the masses has been , and continues to be , about despotic politicians and arrogant bureaucrats demanding obedience as a mechanism to judge their ability to shame the masses into submission .
It has nothing to do with health or protecting others .
The health “ experts ” like Fauci , the Surgeon General and CDC director actually told the truth back in March when they told everyone masks did n’t protect you from viruses .
When the powers that be decided this flu needed to be hyped and blown out of all proportion , mask wearing was used as the symbol of fear necessary to panic the public into submission .
Continue reading “ THE ONLY THING SYSTEMATIC IS THE DESTRUCTION OF AMERICA – PART 2 ”
Veracruz es la ciudad donde comenz� todo , el puerto en el que nacieron tradiciones , como la del carnaval
Lunes 03 de mayo de 2010
Jessica Serv�n | El Universal
00:20
During the winter of 2007 , a UCLA professor of psychiatry named Gary Small recruited six volunteers — three experienced Web surfers and three novices — for a study on brain activity .
He gave each a pair of goggles onto which Web pages could be projected .
Then he slid his subjects , one by one , into the cylinder of a whole - brain magnetic resonance imager and told them to start searching the Internet .
As they used a handheld keypad to Google various preselected topics — the nutritional benefits of chocolate , vacationing in the Galapagos Islands , buying a new car — the MRI scanned their brains for areas of high activation , indicated by increases in blood flow .
The two groups showed marked differences .
Brain activity of the experienced surfers was far more extensive than that of the newbies , particularly in areas of the prefrontal cortex associated with problem - solving and decisionmaking .
Small then had his subjects read normal blocks of text projected onto their goggles ; in this case , scans revealed no significant difference in areas of brain activation between the two groups .
The evidence suggested , then , that the distinctive neural pathways of experienced Web users had developed because of their Internet use .
Read Wired on the iPad .
Get the entire magazine , plus exclusive video , audio , slideshows , and more .
Download now .
The most remarkable result of the experiment emerged when Small repeated the tests six days later .
In the interim , the novices had agreed to spend an hour a day online , searching the Internet .
The new scans revealed that their brain activity had changed dramatically ; it now resembled that of the veteran surfers .
" Five hours on the Internet and the naive subjects had already rewired their brains , " Small wrote .
He later repeated all the tests with 18 more volunteers and got the same results .
When first publicized , the findings were greeted with cheers .
By keeping lots of brain cells buzzing , Google seemed to be making people smarter .
But as Small was careful to point out , more brain activity is not necessarily better brain activity .
The real revelation was how quickly and extensively Internet use reroutes people 's neural pathways .
" The current explosion of digital technology not only is changing the way we live and communicate , " Small concluded , " but is rapidly and profoundly altering our brains . "
What kind of brain is the Web giving us ?
That question will no doubt be the subject of a great deal of research in the years ahead .
Already , though , there is much we know or can surmise — and the news is quite disturbing .
Dozens of studies by psychologists , neurobiologists , and educators point to the same conclusion :
When we go online , we enter an environment that promotes cursory reading , hurried and distracted thinking , and superficial learning .
Even as the Internet grants us easy access to vast amounts of information , it is turning us into shallower thinkers , literally changing the structure of our brain .
Back in the 1980s , when schools began investing heavily in computers , there was much enthusiasm about the apparent advantages of digital documents over paper ones .
Many educators were convinced that introducing hyperlinks into text displayed on monitors would be a boon to learning .
Hypertext would strengthen critical thinking , the argument went , by enabling students to switch easily between different viewpoints .
Freed from the lockstep reading demanded by printed pages , readers would make all sorts of new intellectual connections between diverse works .
The hyperlink would be a technology of liberation .
By the end of the decade , the enthusiasm was turning to skepticism .
Research was painting a fuller , very different picture of the cognitive effects of hypertext .
Navigating linked documents , it turned out , entails a lot of mental calisthenics — evaluating hyperlinks , deciding whether to click , adjusting to different formats — that are extraneous to the process of reading .
Because it disrupts concentration , such activity weakens comprehension .
A 1989 study showed that readers tended just to click around aimlessly when reading something that included hypertext links to other selected pieces of information .
A 1990 experiment revealed that some " could not remember what they had and had not read . "
Even though the World Wide Web has made hypertext ubiquitous and presumably less startling and unfamiliar , the cognitive problems remain .
Research continues to show that people who read linear text comprehend more , remember more , and learn more than those who read text peppered with links .
In a 2001 study , two scholars in Canada asked 70 people to read " The Demon Lover , " a short story by Elizabeth Bowen .
One group read it in a traditional linear - text format ; they 'd read a passage and click the word next to move ahead .
A second group read a version in which they had to click on highlighted words in the text to move ahead .
It took the hypertext readers longer to read the document , and they were seven times more likely to say they found it confusing .
Another researcher , Erping Zhu , had people read a passage of digital prose but varied the number of links appearing in it .
She then gave the readers a multiple - choice quiz and had them write a summary of what they had read .
She found that comprehension declined as the number of links increased — whether or not people clicked on them .
After all , whenever a link appears , your brain has to at least make the choice not to click , which is itself distracting .
A 2007 scholarly review of hypertext experiments concluded that jumping between digital documents impedes understanding .
And if links are bad for concentration and comprehension , it should n't be surprising that more recent research suggests that links surrounded by images , videos , and advertisements could be even worse .
In a study published in the journal Media Psychology , researchers had more than 100 volunteers watch a presentation about the country of Mali , played through a Web browser .
Some watched a text - only version .
Others watched a version that incorporated video .
Afterward , the subjects were quizzed on the material .
Compared to the multimedia viewers , the text - only viewers answered significantly more questions correctly ; they also found the presentation to be more interesting , more educational , more understandable , and more enjoyable .
The depth of our intelligence hinges on our ability to transfer information from working memory , the scratch pad of consciousness , to long - term memory , the mind 's filing system .
When facts and experiences enter our long - term memory , we are able to weave them into the complex ideas that give richness to our thought .
But the passage from working memory to long - term memory also forms a bottleneck in our brain .
Whereas long - term memory has an almost unlimited capacity , working memory can hold only a relatively small amount of information at a time .
And that short - term storage is fragile : A break in our attention can sweep its contents from our mind .
Imagine filling a bathtub with a thimble ; that 's the challenge involved in moving information from working memory into long - term memory .
When we read a book , the information faucet provides a steady drip , which we can control by varying the pace of our reading .
Through our single - minded concentration on the text , we can transfer much of the information , thimbleful by thimbleful , into long - term memory and forge the rich associations essential to the creation of knowledge and wisdom .
On the Net , we face many information faucets , all going full blast .
Our little thimble overflows as we rush from tap to tap .
We transfer only a small jumble of drops from different faucets , not a continuous , coherent stream .
Psychologists refer to the information flowing into our working memory as our cognitive load .
When the load exceeds our mind 's ability to process and store it , we 're unable to retain the information or to draw connections with other memories .
We can't translate the new material into conceptual knowledge .
Our ability to learn suffers , and our understanding remains weak .
That 's why the extensive brain activity that Small discovered in Web searchers may be more a cause for concern than for celebration .
It points to cognitive overload .
The Internet is an interruption system .
It seizes our attention only to scramble it .
There 's the problem of hypertext and the many different kinds of media coming at us simultaneously .
There 's also the fact that numerous studies — including one that tracked eye movement , one that surveyed people , and even one that examined the habits displayed by users of two academic databases — show that we start to read faster and less thoroughly as soon as we go online .
Plus , the Internet has a hundred ways of distracting us from our onscreen reading .
Most email applications check automatically for new messages every five or 10 minutes , and people routinely click the Check for New Mail button even more frequently .
Office workers often glance at their inbox 30 to 40 times an hour .
Since each glance breaks our concentration and burdens our working memory , the cognitive penalty can be severe .
The penalty is amplified by what brain scientists call switching costs .
Every time we shift our attention , the brain has to reorient itself , further taxing our mental resources .
Many studies have shown that switching between just two tasks can add substantially to our cognitive load , impeding our thinking and increasing the likelihood that we 'll overlook or misinterpret important information .
On the Internet , where we generally juggle several tasks , the switching costs pile ever higher .
The Net 's ability to monitor events and send out messages and notifications automatically is , of course , one of its great strengths as a communication technology .
We rely on that capability to personalize the workings of the system , to program the vast database to respond to our particular needs , interests , and desires .
We want to be interrupted , because each interruption — email , tweet , instant message , RSS headline — brings us a valuable piece of information .
To turn off these alerts is to risk feeling out of touch or even socially isolated .
The stream of new information also plays to our natural tendency to overemphasize the immediate .
We crave the new even when we know it 's trivial .
And so we ask the Internet to keep interrupting us in ever more varied ways .
We willingly accept the loss of concentration and focus , the fragmentation of our attention , and the thinning of our thoughts in return for the wealth of compelling , or at least diverting , information we receive .
We rarely stop to think that it might actually make more sense just to tune it all out .
The mental consequences of our online info - crunching are not universally bad .
Certain cognitive skills are strengthened by our use of computers and the Net .
These tend to involve more primitive mental functions , such as hand - eye coordination , reflex response , and the processing of visual cues .
One much - cited study of videogaming , published in Nature in 2003 , revealed that after just 10 days of playing action games on computers , a group of young people had significantly boosted the speed with which they could shift their visual focus between various images and tasks .
It 's likely that Web browsing also strengthens brain functions related to fast - paced problem - solving , particularly when it requires spotting patterns in a welter of data .
A British study of the way women search for medical information online indicated that an experienced Internet user can , at least in some cases , assess the trustworthiness and probable value of a Web page in a matter of seconds .
The more we practice surfing and scanning , the more adept our brain becomes at those tasks .
( Other academics , like Clay Shirky , maintain that the Web provides us with a valuable outlet for a growing " cognitive surplus " ; see Cognitive Surplus : The Great Spare - Time Revolution
But it would be a serious mistake to look narrowly at such benefits and conclude that the Web is making us smarter .
In a Science article published in early 2009 , prominent developmental psychologist Patricia Greenfield reviewed more than 40 studies of the effects of various types of media on intelligence and learning ability .
She concluded that " every medium develops some cognitive skills at the expense of others . "
Our growing use of the Net and other screen - based technologies , she wrote , has led to the " widespread and sophisticated development of visual - spatial skills . "
But those gains go hand in hand with a weakening of our capacity for the kind of " deep processing " that underpins " mindful knowledge acquisition , inductive analysis , critical thinking , imagination , and reflection . "
We know that the human brain is highly plastic ; neurons and synapses change as circumstances change .
When we adapt to a new cultural phenomenon , including the use of a new medium , we end up with a different brain , says Michael Merzenich , a pioneer of the field of neuroplasticity .
That means our online habits continue to reverberate in the workings of our brain cells even when we 're not at a computer .
We 're exercising the neural circuits devoted to skimming and multitasking while ignoring those used for reading and thinking deeply .
Last year , researchers at Stanford found signs that this shift may already be well under way .
They gave a battery of cognitive tests to a group of heavy media multitaskers as well as a group of relatively light ones .
They discovered that the heavy multitaskers were much more easily distracted , had significantly less control over their working memory , and were generally much less able to concentrate on a task .
Intensive multitaskers are " suckers for irrelevancy , " says Clifford Nass , one professor who did the research .
" Everything distracts them . "
Merzenich offers an even bleaker assessment :
As we multitask online , we are " training our brains to pay attention to the crap . "
There 's nothing wrong with absorbing information quickly and in bits and pieces .
We 've always skimmed newspapers more than we 've read them , and we routinely run our eyes over books and magazines to get the gist of a piece of writing and decide whether it warrants more thorough reading .
The ability to scan and browse is as important as the ability to read deeply and think attentively .
The problem is that skimming is becoming our dominant mode of thought .
Once a means to an end , a way to identify information for further study , it 's becoming an end in itself — our preferred method of both learning and analysis .
Dazzled by the Net 's treasures , we are blind to the damage we may be doing to our intellectual lives and even our culture .
What we 're experiencing is , in a metaphorical sense , a reversal of the early trajectory of civilization :
We are evolving from cultivators of personal knowledge into hunters and gatherers in the electronic data forest .
In the process , we seem fated to sacrifice much of what makes our minds so interesting .
Adapted from The Shallows : What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains , copyright ©2010 Nicholas Carr to be published by W.W. Norton and Company in June . Nicholas Carr(ncarr@mac.com ) is also the author of The Big Switch and Does IT Matter ?
Visit NeverWet.com for more information “ Its Nanotech coating prevents water from ever touching the surface of the plunger .
The unpleasant task of unclogging toilets just became a little easier , ” said Dan Hobson , CEO , Ross Technology Corporation .
Ross Nanotechnology Corporation presents NeverWet™ , a new line of consumer products created with their patent - pending Nanotech coating that repels water .
Its first product is the Clear - n - Clean Plunger .
Unlike traditional plungers , the Clear - n - Clean Plunger is superhydrophobic – it never gets wet , and it repels virtually all germs and bacteria from its surface .
Keeping your family safe from germs is a major concern in every household .
E - Coli , salmonella , stomach flu and SARS are just a few of the dangerous bacteria found in toilet water .
Traditional plungers dipped in toilet bowl water pick up millions of these germs , drip them all over the bathroom floor , and create a hazardous object in your home .
By applying the NeverWet™ Nanotech coating to the Clear - n - Clean Plunger , laboratory tests have shown virtually no bacteria can grow on the plunger .
And because the plunger stays dry , contaminated water can’t drip onto other surfaces , keeping your bathroom clean and your family safe .
“ Its Nanotech coating prevents water from ever touching the surface of the plunger .
The unpleasant task of unclogging toilets just became a little easier , ” said Dan Hobson , Ross Technology CEO .
Ross Nanotechnology Corporation has invested millions in research and development into the material science of Nanotechnology .
“ We can use NeverWet™ coating on any surface where water or ice is a problem , the surface always stays dry .
Water rolls off the coating in a manner similar to mercury rolling on a countertop . ” said Vinod K. Sikka , PhD , Ross Technology Corporation 's Director of Research .
“ This patent - pending NeverWet ™ coating could be used for the protection of steel products , like bridges , power lines and structures keeping water and ice off their surfaces and keeping them immune to rust , ” notes Ross Technology President , Andrew Jones .
This major R&D investment has also opened the door for a line of reasonably priced consumer products .
Ross Nanotechnology is planning a series of consumer items that will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of everyday household chores .
Ross Nanotechnology Corporation is a subsidiary of Ross Technology Corp. , a materials science company established in 1962 and located in Lancaster , PA .
For more information , visit http://www.neverwet.com or contact Andrew Jones at ajones ( at ) neverwet ( dot ) com .
###
Heather Utrata is grateful the Colfax Marathon follows an out - and - back course with a turnaround at the midway point in Lakewood .
That U - turn helped her make a critical strategy decision en route to victory Sunday .
Attempting to defend the title she won a year ago , the 28 - year - old Englewood resident could see she had enough of a lead over the next female runner to make a potty stop .
If she was quick about it .
Utrata ’s cushion was considerably less comfortable after she stopped , but she was able to run a lot more comfortably and ultimately claimed the women ’s race with a time of 3 hours , 7 minutes , 13 seconds .
Amy Schneider of Denver was second in 3:08:48 .
“ I did n’t have to ( stop ) , but I knew if I did n’t stop , it could be even worse later , ” Utrata said .
“ I knew I had a pretty good lead .
I was talking to people on the ( pace ) bike .
I was like , ‘ Do you think I can do it ? ’
They ’re like , ‘ If you ’re fast , yeah . ’
So I had to do it as fast as I could . ”
With sunny skies and cool temperatures making for excellent race conditions , almost 6,000 runners turned out for the fifth installment of the Colfax event — 600 in the marathon , 3,058 in the half marathon and 2,220 in the marathon relay .
Doug Wilson of Centennial won the men ’s marathon in 2:46:52 , well ahead of runner - up Eric Walker of Greeley ( 2:54:19 ) .
An engineer running his 20th marathon , Wilson had never won before .
“ I ’m thrilled , ” Wilson said .
“ This is the first one I ’ve gotten , so I ’m pretty pumped up about it .
I love this event .
We do it every year .
I do it with my work .
Great crowds , organized really well , it ’s a great course , it ’s always nice weather , good time of year , so it ’s great to come out here and do it . ”
Two recent transplants to Colorado won the half marathon races .
Bobby Reyes moved to Longmont from Atlanta last August to see what he could do if he trained with elite runners in Boulder .
Coached by Steve Jones , a former world - record holder in the marathon , Reyes finished in 1:12:23 .
Runner - up Andrew Smith of Denver finished 35 seconds behind him .
“ It was fun , ” said Reyes , 25 .
“ I had not run a half marathon in Colorado yet , so I was a little concerned about the altitude , but it went a lot better than I expected . ”
Becca Prichard , who won the women ’s half marathon in 1:23:09 , moved to Denver 14 months ago from South Carolina .
“ I just kind of wanted a change of scenery , ” said Prichard , 31 .
“ I visited Denver in January of last year , thought it was a really neat place and said , ‘ Hey , why not move to Denver ? ’
I love it here . ”
Prichard loves the vibrant running and racing scene , which was on full display Sunday .
Kerry Kuck , a blind runner , feels the same way .
“ You ’ve got poor people who wear holey blue jeans , millionaires in three - piece suits , but we all look the same , ” said Kuck , who ran the half and finished in 1:51:09 .
“ We put on our shoes , pull on our shorts and we ’re all the same out there .
“ And you ’re not running against the other runners , you ’re all on the same team .
It ’s you against the course , and everybody who finishes is a winner . ”
John Meyer : 303-954-1616 or jmeyer@denverpost.com
Uncertainty over science funding has led top researchers to accept C$ 20 m awards from the Canadian government in what may be first sign of a brain drain
Britain is to lose several of its foremost scientists next year following a recruitment drive to attract top brains to Canada .
The four researchers will leave their posts at UK universities for better - funded positions in institutions across the country .
The British researchers won four C$ 20 m ( £ 13 m ) awards created by the Canadian government , the most by any country outside the US , which is to lose nine scientists to the scheme .
The C$ 20 m is awarded over seven years and comprises C$ 10 m from the scheme and $ C10 m from the university .
Adrian Owen , who helped set up the Wolfson Brain Imaging Centre at Cambridge University and has risen to become one of neuroscience 's brightest stars , will move to the University of Western Ontario , along with five of his research staff .
Howard Wheater , director of the Environment Forum at Imperial College London , will take up a chair in water security at Saskatchewan University ; Graham Pearson from Durham University will move to the University of Alberta for a chair in Arctic resources ; and Patrik Rorsman is leaving Oxford for a research chair in diabetes at the University of Alberta .
The moves come after several senior scientists in Britain warned that a brain drain was imminent as the new government prepares to make swingeing cuts in public spending that are likely to have a heavy impact on research funding .
" This comes with some sadness , but it 's an amazing opportunity for me , " Dr Owen said , who has worked at Cambridge since 1996 .
" UK science is going through a period of uncertainty , and many of my more senior colleagues said this might not be a bad time to be leaving , " Dr Owen said .
" There 's nobody in the UK putting down C$ 20 m saying 'we think what you 're doing is really cool , come and do it here . ' "
In 2006 , Dr Owen 's group became the first in the world to communicate with patients in a persistent vegetative state , research that raised profound ethical questions over the ongoing medical care of such patients .
Dr Owen has been awarded Canadian C$ 20 m over seven years to move his research team and set up a world - leading programme to focus on acute brain injury .
Some of his work will look at developing brain - machine interfaces that allow brain - injured patients to communicate .
Canada has created a substantial fund to attract foreign scientists to the country .
Dr Owen will take one of 20 Canada Excellence Research Chairs that have been set up to entice top - ranking researchers .
He is due to start his new job in January next year .
The university has also hired Dr Owen 's wife , Jessica Grahn , a neuroscientist who studies the ties between music and the brain .
Dr Grahn , who is interested in how musical rhythm is processed in the brain and how this differs from the processing of other types of temporal sequences , has accepted a job in the university 's psychology department .
• This article was amended on 18 May 2010 to make clear that all sums are in Canadian dollars , and to give a breakdown of where the money comes from .
Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts said Tuesday that he was " unhappy " that an officer shot and killed a young deer in an East Oakland backyard over the weekend and promised an internal investigation into what led to the decision to open fire .
The deer , estimated to be about a year old , was shot in a backyard of a home on the 1700 block of 90th Avenue about 11 a.m. Saturday .
The shooting was captured on video by Anthony Weems , 28 , who was among many residents who were outraged Tuesday that police had killed the animal .
" That could have been handled in a much better way , " Weems said .
" The kids that were there , they go to the zoo to pet these animals .
All of us are upset .
Somebody has to speak up . "
In a statement , Batts said , " I 'm unhappy with the results of this incident .
I do not like what I saw .
We are reviewing our policies and our procedures surrounding this incident to ensure that something like this does not happen again .
I understand the importance of life and am working toward implementing strategies that will result in humane outcomes in our future contacts with wildlife . "
The incident began when two Oakland Housing Authority officers spotted the deer running on the 8700 block of Birch Street about 10:30 a.m. , said housing authority spokesman Marcus Walton .
The officers saw the deer running into the carport on 90th Avenue behind a home belonging to Kim McElmore .
The animal then jumped a fence and ended up in Brian Campbell 's backyard .
The housing authority officers notified Oakland animal control and the state Department of Fish and Game , Walton said .
But sources said that before a state game warden could arrive , Oakland police Sgt. Terrance West ordered another officer to kill the deer .
The officer , whose name was not released , fired several shots , but the deer did not die immediately , so he fired several more shots , Weems said .
A total of six or seven shots were fired but it was not known how many hit the deer .
" I feel they should n't have killed Bambi , " Campbell said .
" The Oakland Zoo was right up the street .
They could have called the Oakland Zoo and said , ' Look , you know , we have this little baby deer , can you come down and take it back to the wild ? ' "
Oakland animal control officers were on the scene , but they were not trained to handle wildlife such as deer , said Officer Jeff Thomason , an Oakland police spokesman .
The department oversees animal control officers .
In general , Oakland officers are allowed to kill animals that are injured or pose threats to public safety , said Officer Holly Joshi , a department spokeswoman .
Witnesses said the deer did not appear to be hurt and posed no threat .
" Public safety ( threat ) to whom ?
Because it 's back here in the corner ? "
McElmore , 38 , asked , pointing to where the animal was killed .
McElmore 's husband , Elnorse McElmore , agreed , saying , " The deer was scared .
It was n't doing anything .
The whole time , it was in the corner , shaking . "
Susan Heckly , wildlife rehabilitation director at the Lindsay Wildlife Museum in Walnut Creek , said Tuesday that she saw the video but did n't know the circumstances that led to the decision to shoot the deer .
Nevertheless , " from my vantage point , I would say that is not Plan A - that was probably a bad decision , " Heckly said .
" I do n't know the police force 's level of knowledge about wildlife or animals and how they train their officers . "
A dark band in Jupiter ’s southern hemisphere is not visible in this 8 May snapshot , but it can be seen in earlier images ( Image : Anthony Wesley )
The band was present in June 2009 ( Image : Anthony Wesley )
Jupiter has lost one of its prominent stripes , leaving its southern half looking unusually blank .
Scientists are not sure what triggered the disappearance of the band .
Advertisement
Jupiter ’s appearance is usually dominated by two dark bands in its atmosphere – one in the northern hemisphere and one in the southern hemisphere .
But recent images taken by amateur astronomers show that the southern band – called the south equatorial belt – has disappeared .
The band was present at the end of 2009 , right before Jupiter moved too close to the sun in the sky to be observed from Earth .
When the planet emerged from the sun ’s glare again in early April , its south equatorial belt was nowhere to be seen .
No cover
This is not the first time the south equatorial belt has disappeared .
It was absent in 1973 when NASA ’s Pioneer 10 spacecraft took the first closeup images of the planet and also temporarily vanished in the early 1990s .
The bands may normally appear dark simply because pale , high - altitude clouds prevalent in other regions of the planet are missing there , revealing darker clouds below , says Glenn Orton of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California .
“ You ’re looking into different layers of the cloud structures of the planet , ” he told New Scientist .
According to this theory , the south equatorial belt disappears when whitish clouds form on top of it , blocking our view of the darker clouds .
But it is not clear what causes these whitish clouds to form in the south equatorial belt at some times and not others , Orton says .
The disappearance of the belt comes at a time of widespread – but mysterious – change on Jupiter , which has seen changes to the colour of other bands and spots in its atmosphere .
“ There has been a lot going on , ” Orton says .
I did n't expect Sen Mike Bennett , R - Bradenton , to like the fact that I reported on what I saw in plain view on the Senate floor last Thursday .
But within about an hour after publishing my story about the pornographic image we caught with our cameras on his computer , I got a threatening phone call from the senator blasting me for publishing his story .
" What kind of man are you ? " he asked , then ascribed other attributes to my character such as " pathetic " and " voyeuristic " .
" What kind of man sneaks over people 's shoulders like that ? "
Bennett questioned .
I 'd like to remind readers that Sen .
Mike Bennett was viewing the image on the Senate floor during session -- while I was in the standard place for reporters during session , which is one floor above in the reporters ' gallery .
Bennett says he had just opened the email and closed it as soon as he realized what it was .
That fact was reported in the original story .
He also said in the phone call that he left the computer on his desk in Tallahassee for us to see , but Sunshine State News had already been denied access to view the files that he accessed while using the computer .
After a few more personal insults , the Bradenton senator made a vow .
" I will do everything in my power , everything -- I do n't know what that is exactly -- but I will do everything I can to make sure your days at the Capitol and reporting are over , " Bennett said .
In case you missed it , here 's the full story .
Waffenwahn trotz Fast - Pleite Griechenland rüstet und rüstet und rüstet
Das Land stand kurz vor dem Staatsbankrott , doch auf Waffen wollte die griechische Regierung nicht verzichten .
Jahrelang hat sie Leopard - Panzer und U - Boote geordert - vor allem made in Germany .
Und die Shoppingtour geht weiter .
Verizon Wireless is working with Google Inc. on a tablet computer , the carrier 's chief executive , Lowell McAdam , said Tuesday , as the company endeavors to catch up with iPad host AT&T Inc. in devices that connect to wireless networks .
The work is part of a deepening relationship between the largest U.S. wireless carrier by subscribers and Google , which has carved out a space in mobile devices with its Android operating system .
Verizon Wireless last year heavily promoted the Motorola Droid , which runs Google 's software .
...
British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Thursday that the new U.K. government is already looking into the issue of universal jurisdiction , describing the current situation as " unsatisfactory " and " indefensible " .
Judges in Britain can issue arrest warrants for war crimes suspects around the world under the Geneva Convention Act 1957 , without any requirement to consult public prosecutors .
Speaking to reporters early Thursday , the Foreign Secretary said that " we cannot have a position where Israeli politicians feel they cannot visit this country and indeed not just Israel , but this could apply to many other nations as well .
So this has to be put right .
And that is well understood and agreed in the coalition government . "
Open gallery view Britain 's Foreign Secretary William Hague in Madrid , May 17 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
A London court last year issued a warrant for the arrest of opposition leader Tzipi Livni over her role in Israel 's war in Gaza , launched at the end of 2008 when Livni was the foreign minister .
Livni reportedly cancelled a trip to the U.K. in December for fear of being arrested after the warrant was filed against her following an application by Palestinian activists .
Hague said he hopes " we 'll make a decision about this fairly soon .
I can't say exactly when but you can be assured that we 're working on it .
We find it completely unacceptable that someone such as Mrs. Livni feels she cannot visit the United Kingdom .
This is a country that wants to play a strong role in the Middle East peace process as we have just been discussing and for that Israeli leaders and others have to be able to visit the United Kingdom . "
Speaking to Parliament on Wednesday , the Foreign Secretary said : " We will take every opportunity to help promote peace and we will now examine how to deal with the totally unsatisfactory situation that has had the effect of barring Israeli politicians , among others , from visiting the U.K. without weakening our commitment to hold accountable those guilty of war crimes . "
MOSCOW ( AP )  Russia 's Defense Ministry said Friday the pirates seized by a Russian warship off the coast of Somalia have been released because of " imperfections " in international law .
Authorities initially said the pirates would be brought to Russia to face criminal charges after hijacking a Russian oil tanker .
But Defense Ministry spokesman Col. Alexei Kuznetsov told The Associated Press on Friday that the pirates have been released .
Kuznetsov declined to elaborate on the purported legal flaws that prompted the release .
The Law of the Seas Convention , to which Russia is a signatory , says that the courts of a country that seizes a pirated vessel on the high seas has the right to decide what penalties are to be imposed .
However , some countries are wary of hauling in pirates for trial for fear of being saddled with them after they serve prison terms .
Kuznetsov appeared to echo those concerns when asked why the pirates who seized the tanker were released .
" Why should we feed some pirates ? " he said .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Thursday had hinted at potential tough punishment for the pirates .
" Perhaps we should get back to the idea of establishing an international court and other legal tools " to prosecute pirates , he said .
" Until then , we 'll have to do what our forefathers did when they met the pirates . "
The pirates boarded the tanker Moscow University on Wednesday .
They were arrested Thursday after special forces from a Russian warship stormed the tanker .
A gunbattle ensued in which one pirate was killed ; 10 others were arrested .
The warship opened with warning fire from large - caliber machine guns and a 30 mm artillery complex , the Russian Defense Ministry said .
Special forces troops then rappelled down to the tanker from a helicopter , Rear Adm .
Jan Thornqvist , the European Union Naval Force commander , told an Associated Press reporter aboard the Swedish warship Carlskrona , which was patrolling 500 miles west of the rescue site .
The tanker 's 23 crewmembers , who had taken refuge in a safe room , were not injured .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
“ What ’s giving it momentum is blacks are finally figuring out what ’s going down , ” said Johnny M. Hunter , a black pastor and longtime abortion opponent in Fayetteville , N.C. “ The game changes when blacks get involved .
And in the pro-life movement , a lot of the groups that have been ignored for years , they ’re now getting galvanized . ”
The factors fueling the focus on black women — an abortion rate far higher than that of other races and the ties between the effort to legalize and popularize birth control and eugenics — are , at heart , old news .
But they have been given exaggerated new life by the Internet , slick repackaging , high production values and money , like the more than $ 20,000 that Georgia Right to Life invested in the billboards .
Data from the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show that black women get almost 40 percent of the country ’s abortions , even though blacks make up only 13 percent of the population .
Nearly 40 percent of black pregnancies end in induced abortion , a rate far higher than for white or Hispanic women .
Day Gardner , now the president of the National Black Pro-Life Union in Washington , said those figures shocked her at first .
“ I just really assumed that white people aborted more than anyone else , and black people would not do this because we ’re culturally a religious people , we have large families , ” Ms. Gardner said .
Many black anti-abortion leaders , including Ms. Davis and Alveda King , a niece of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the director of African - American outreach for Priests for Life , often recount their own abortion histories ( each woman had two ) .
Image Catherine Davis , the minority outreach coordinator for Georgia Right to Life , talked to the Morris Brown screening audience .
Credit ... Jessica McGowan for The New York Times
Abortion opponents say the number is so high because abortion clinics are deliberately located in black neighborhoods and prey upon black women .
The evidence , they say , is everywhere : Planned Parenthood ’s response to the anti-abortion ad that aired during the Super Bowl featured two black athletes , they note , and several women ’s clinics offered free services — including abortions — to evacuees after Hurricane Katrina .
Argentina 's Chamber of Deputies ( la Camara de Diputados ) has approved a gay marriage bill , news agency Telam reported .
The country 's lower house approved the bill in a 125 - to - 109 vote .
Lawmakers debated between moving on a bill that would give gay and lesbian couples the right to marry – including the right to adopt – and a civil unions bill that did not include gay adoption .
Agustin Rossi , the head of the Front for Victory Party ( Frenta Para la Victoria , FPV ) in the Chamber of Deputies , said : “ We are equaling rights in the most genuine manner . ”
Rossi said he rejected the civil unions bill because it “ would not have solved the problem . ”
“ The civil unions bill was something in between .
It was not the same as marriage , it was further stigmatization , continue saying : they are different , they can do to a point , the remainder is reserved for us . ”
“ Heterosexuals have to have the wisdom to integrate minorities .
It is very unfair to have the power and say , with my power : you cannot , I do not want you to be equal to me , ” he added .
Lawmakers had tentatively agreed to debate the bill last week but proponents failed to gain sufficient support to open debate .
Nestor Kirchner , Argentina 's former president and a current national deputy , was present for the debate and said he supported the bill .
Kirchner relinquished control of Argentina in 2007 when he handed the reigns of power to his wife , Christina Fernandez de Kirchner .
He currently helms the powerful FPV and represents Buenos Aires Province in the lower chamber .
Gay marriage has remained in the national conscious since December when two men married for the first time in Latin America .
Last week , a gay couple married in Buenos Aires , the men were the fifth couple to do so .
The bill now heads to the Senate .
The bailout outrages never stop .
Of the 110 - billion Euro Greece bailout , 30 - billion ( approx $ 40 billion ) will be paid for by the IMF .
The US supplies almost 20 % of the IMF 's funding ( per quotas ) .
So that means US taxpayers are providing ~ $ 8 billion of the $ 145 billion going to kick the Greek can down the road .
That 's the first outrage .
( Why is this our problem ? )
The second outrage is that , as in some of the US bailouts , our bailout money is JUNIOR to Greece 's existing debt .
That means that , over the next couple of years , the idiot banks that loaned bankrupt Greece money will get their money back .
And then , when Greece runs out of cash again , we 'll be left holding the bag ( along with Germany and the rest of the folks who bailed Greece out ) .
In any normal financing , the lender of last resort would be SENIOR to all existing debt .
It would get its money back first , before the other idiots got a penny .
In the Greece bailout , however , the new money we 're putting in will be going right out the door to pay off existing lenders who would have lost their shirts .
And if the Greece austerity measures do n't work and there 's nothing left for us ?
Tough .
( Why do n't the existing creditors have to lose a penny ?
Same reason the AIG creditors did n't lose a penny .
Because it would apparently be too traumatic to ask them to do that .
The idea that the existing creditors might have to lose money was apparently so unthinkable that it was never even on the table ) .
It 's nice of us to bail out Greece , is n't it ?
Ca n't we at least get the Parthenon as collateral or something ?
Now see :
How much the bailout is costing YOU >
( CNN ) --
The internet as we know it is reaching its limits .
Within 18 months it is estimated that the number of new devices able to connect to the world wide web will plummet as we run out of " IP addresses " -- the unique codes that provide access to the internet for everything from PCs to smart phones .
" The internet as we know it will no longer be able to grow , " Daniel Karrenberg , chief scientist at RIPE NCC , the organization that issues IP addresses in Europe , told CNN .
" That does n't mean it will cease to function , but entry could be limited to new devices . "
Some estimate that by September 2011 the last large batches of addresses will be issued , meaning that months after that date there will be no new addresses available .
But while this sounds like a complete disaster -- another Millennium Bug -- it need not be , and there is a solution , if we all act quickly enough .
Currently the internet is built around the Internet Protocol Addressing Scheme version 4 ( IPv4 ) , which has around four billion addresses -- and they 're fast running out .
Four billion no doubt seemed a huge amount when the system was designed in the 1970s , but few then could have predicted how the internet would take off , and how many billions more connections would be needed .
However , there is a replacement , IPv6 , which has trillions more addresses available and ready to go .
The problem is that businesses are proving slow to adapt their technology to IP v6 , leaving experts fearful that we might be heading for a crunch within 18 months .
" My impression is that while awareness of the issue is quite high , a lot of businesses are sitting on the fence , " said Karrenberg .
" Many small businesses are waiting to see what the early adopters do ; how they handle things .
" My suspicion is too many are leaving it too late . "
This growing problem has been compounded in recent years as the amount of hardware needing an internet connection has risen enormously , thanks largely to the popularity of smart phones , like Apple 's iPhone and other mobile devices , and the rapid pace of technological development in countries like China and India .
" All sorts of devices need to access the internet now , from smartphones and games consoles , to cars , " says Karrenberg .
" But still only a quarter of European businesses are using IPV6 -- the rest should be making this a priority . "
All the big players in the internet , such as Google , and YouTube , are fully IPV6 enabled , but many others have yet to commit .
" If they keep on lagging behind then the internet will not be able to grow in the way it has been ; the curve will flatten out , " said Karrenberg .
" Although it 's still unclear what kind of plateau we will see , certainly we could see impeded or seriously curtailed growth . "
None of this is what businesses need to hear as they struggle out of a serious recession , but there is still time to act .
" The window left to invest is still relatively large , " said Karrenberg .
" But businesses should remember that the earlier they act , the less they will pay .
The more they neglect this issue , the higher premiums people can expect to be charged . "
According to Karrenberg , the necessary costs can be met as part of the routine process of upgrading technology .
" It is possible to deal with these issues through the usual round of investment in hard and soft technology , " he said .
" It 's just a question of what tactics people follow as they make their choices .
" Businesses need to future - proof their decisions and this issue needs to be on every CTO 's radar . "
In addition , while IPv4 and IPv6 are designed to work together , there have been reports of teething troubles , and businesses that leave their switch - over too late may find glitches compound their problems .
Business leaders should also remember that this is n't only an issue for those producing devices needing a connection or selling broadband services .
Content providers also need to ensure their services are IPv6 - ready , otherwise they will exclude potential clients connecting using the new protocols .
" They will lose their customers -- the eyeballs -- who may not be able to connect , " said Karrenberg .
It 's a classic paradox of the internet era -- while the technology exists to leap frog the problem , human nature is naturally cautious and some businesses are reluctant to do what they know they need to do , whether due to tightened budgets or simple inertia .
" I 'm certainly not optimistic this will all work out for everyone , " said Karrenberg .
" I suppose I 'm cautiously pessimistic .
My fear is that a significant number of businesses will be left in a position where they have to scramble to catch up .
" People know there is a problem , but it 's converting that knowledge into action plans , business plans , which is so important . "
So what happens when you are a licensed , state certified psychotherapist and they find out that you include casting out of demons from patients as part of your therapy ?
Fortunately , you get banned from practicing .
Mark Edward Tynan , an Australian psychologist , was found to have told church members that one of his patients ‘ was under the control of Satan ’ and that her parents had ‘ dedicated her to Satan ’ .
The Daily Telegraph reports :
In his sessions Tynan treated two young female clients for dissociative identity disorder , also known as multiple personality disorder , with “ inappropriate ” treatments such as prayer , visualisation and reconstructing traumatic childhood events .
The clients , who were also part of the 500 - member community , were forced to discuss satanic abuse and supernatural events .
Wow .
He has been banned from practising in New South Wales .
In Uganda , where Christian fundamentalism has found a comfortable home , the belief that demons are the cause of problems is wide spread .
Sunday after Sunday believers ( mainly Born - Agains ) are warned that they are living in a time of ‘ spiritual warfare ’ and are thus to do everything they can to protect themselves from demons .
Demons are typically blamed for everything from sickness , poverty , unemployment , barrenness , failure to get married , failure to get visas to travel to the UK , and even HIV - AIDS .
Seriously .
To them , everything wrong is because of demons and of course the ‘ captain ’ of all the demons , Satan .
As a result , exorcisms like this one shown below are pretty much the order of the day in a typical Kampala Born - Again church service :
It truly baffles my mind as to how grown - ups can take this nonsense seriously .
Food , Inc .
It appears that your computer does not have the Flash Player required to view NOW videos .
Visit Adobe to download and install the latest version of the Flash Player .
The Weekly Q
Shoppers choose hybrid cars , " green " washing - up liquid and energy - saving devices over cheaper but dirtier alternatives partly to improve their social status , according to a new study published today .
Researchers found consumers are willing to sacrifice luxury and performance to benefit from the perceived social status that comes from buying a product with a reduced environmental impact .
Bram Van den Bergh of Rotterdam School of Management , one of the study 's authors , said : " Driving a luxurious non-green car , like a Hummer , communicates one 's wealth , but also suggests that the buyer is a selfish and uncaring individual who is concerned primarily about his own comfort rather than the welfare of society .
Driving a hybrid , like a Prius , not only displays one 's wealth as it costs many thousands of dollars more than a conventional but highly fuel - efficient car , but also signals the owner cares about others and the environment . "
In a series of three experiments for the study which is published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , the researchers found that people were also more likely to choose green products when doing so in public .
In one experiment , 168 students were split into two groups .
One group read a story about social status while a second group read a story without a status message .
Asked to make a hypothetical purchasing decision between a green car or a non -green model of the same price but more luxurious and better - performing , 37.2 % in the control group chose the green car .
That figure rose to 54.5 % for those who read the story designed to " activate status motives . "
The authors claim the experiment is the first to demonstrate that playing on desire for social status is a way to encourage people to make green choices .
In another test , 93 students were asked to pick on a sliding scale between green and non-green products of the same price , depending on whether they were buying in public at a store or in private by shopping online .
When the students read a status story similar to the first experiment , their preference in public for the green product was far stronger than in private .
A third experiment showed buyers with social status in mind preferred green products when they were more expensive than their conventional alternative .
The authors , who also include Vladas Griskevicius of University of Minnesota and Joshua M Tybur of University of New Mexico , argue that the findings show an untapped way of motivating greener behaviour .
Adam Corner , a research associate at Cardiff University and expert on the psychology of communicating climate change , said social status is a key driver of behaviour : " It 's not surprising that people might choose to try and signal their social status through the conspicuous consumption of ' green products ' .
Even if people do n't care about climate change , they care about what other people think of them . "
He added that one of the most important aspects of the research is that the power of social status could be harnessed to become a critical tool in promoting wider changes in pro-environmental behaviour , such as voting for the greenest party in an election or engaging in environmental activism .
The study does come with one important caveat – no one was actually dipping into their wallet .
Michael Valvo , a spokesperson for Toyota UK , said that the company 's market research indicated the attraction of advanced technology and the cost of the ownership , not the environment or social status , were the main reasons drivers bought the Prius hybrid car .
" Forking out £ 20,000 for a car is a pretty expensive way to make a statement about being green , it 's the second biggest purchase after a house , " he said .
The research also failed to reflect the complexity of ethical consumer activity , said Rob Harrison , the editor of Ethical Consumer magazine .
" Ethical buying behaviour is far more complicated than this .
If you look at the Co-Operative Bank 's report on ethical spending , a third of that annual spend is on investment and banking , which you can't do conspicuously unless you leave investment brochures lying around on your coffee table .
Our readers say they buy green and ethical products because they want to be instrumental about a goal , such as helping a farm in Kenya by buying fair trade Kenyan coffee . "
He said only a minority of green shoppers buy green products for status reasons .
A separate recent study suggested that ethical consumers are less likely to be kind and more likely to steal , a claim that Harrison said showed " a shallow understanding of the wider ethical consumer movement . "
Business leaders including the heads of Tesco , Coca - Cola and Reckitt Bencksier last year argued green consumerism could advert catastrophic climate change .
I start in the middle of a sentence and move both directions at once .
— John Coltrane
Newspaper reporters are taught to write fractal articles : summarize the entire article in the title .
Elaborate a little in the first sentence , then fill out the most important details in the first paragraph .
A reader should be able to stop at any point without having missed any important details .
We should approach programming projects in the same way .
As a child – after some experimentation and a lot of thought – I decided the best way to eat cornflakes was as follows :
Pour the cool milk over the golden roasted flakes Sprinkle the one allowed teaspoon of sugar over the top Start eating around the edges , saving the sugary middle section for one last big spoonful of joy at the end
I stand by that decision .
In fact , I ’ve noticed I do similar things in other areas of my life .
I ’m sure a psychologist would talk for hours on the subject .
Luckily for you I ’m not a psychologist , I ’m a programmer .
And it turns out that this is an awful way to work on software projects .
Has this ever happened to you ?
You wake up one day with a great new idea for applying bayesian filtering to twitter streams to filter out the pictures of Joel ’s new puppy spam .
You ’re totally convinced it ’s what the world needs .
It ’s the startup that ’s finally going to help you to break out of your day job maintaining PHP payroll software stock supermarket shelf stockers .
So what do you do ?
You do this :
Fire up your IDE and start a new website project
Whip up a login page and get the user account basics set up Decide OpenID ’s really where it ’s at these days and hit stackoverflow for a good OpenID provider plugin Run into problems getting it to accept Google accounts and spend half the night debugging it
Wait , what ?
How did this happen ?
Getting OpenID working is n’t fun .
It ’s almost the definition of not fun .
I did n’t want to do all this , I just wanted to make an awesome bayesian twitter filter , but somehow there ’s all this stuff I have to get through first .
— Me ( swear words redacted )
My hard disk is littered with projects that I started , got half way through setting up without ever really getting to the good bit , then abandoned .
I suspect yours is , too .
The right way to start a bayesian twitter filter is to apply a bayesian filter to content from a twitter stream .
I know .
It looks like this :
Google for some bayesian filter code Dump whatever ’s in your twitter client logs to a file and write three lines of python to parse it into a form the bayesian filter can work with Train the filter and see what happens
Compared to the original approach it looks awesome , right ?
So what stops us approaching all projects like this ?
Well , there ’s something beguiling about wanting to get the framework right from the start this time .
It ’s more comfortable starting with something we already know how to solve .
Sometimes we have a clear vision of how it should end up in our heads and simply start to create that vision from the beginning through to the end .
Start in the middle
— Paul Graham ( lightly paraphrased )
Lean startups and the Minimum Viable Product are all about starting in the middle .
Paul Graham ’s advice for startups can be summed up as ‘ first solve the interesting part of the problem , then build the business around it ’ , but the process is also fractal – starting in the middle applies right down to the level of writing a new class , or a single function .
First write some code that solves the problem even if it ’s imperfect or partial , then expand it out with your favourite blend of accessors , inheritance and polymorphism ( Note : do n’t even bother with that bit unless you hate yourself ) .
I ’ve seen four key benefits to starting in the middle :
Benefit 1 : Ideas that turn out to be impossible or just plain bad are discovered early .
This is classic lean startup advice : fail early .
Benefit 2 : Spend most of your the time solving interesting problems and not fine - tuning framework skills .
Which would you rather get better at ?
Benefit 3 : Discover interesting things while your project is still young and flexible enough to adapt to them .
Benefit 4 : Once you ’ve solved a problem , you ’re so motivated to use it that you finish up the surrounding areas in no time .
You add extra users because you want to show it to your friends ; you add keyboard shortcuts because you ’re getting tired of using the mouse all the time .
This is programming the right way around – first the need , the desire , and then the solution .
I ’ve recently seen all of these benefits while working on my own side - project - turned - startup .
Ages ago I had this great little idea for making profiling so simple that it just told you which line of code was slowest in a nice little report and I whipped up some C# code to do just that .
The results were n’t making much sense , so I tried plotting the data to a canvas to see what was going on .
Pretty soon I was looking at a poor man ’s sketch of this :
Instantly I knew I ’d been working on the wrong thing ; seeing the execution of a program laid out before me in all its glory was so rich and so interesting ; something I had no hope of summarizing in a small table of figures .
I just had to explore it – I added function names , colour , a breakdown of time spent in each and over time it grew into such a valuable part of my toolkit that I ’ve started sharing it with the rest of the world .
Would I have changed direction if I had already created a website , a login system , a messaging layer , a database schema all geared around the original idea ?
No .
I ’d have reached the interesting part of the problem with a half - finished framework and close to zero energy and enthusiasm .
The discouragement at seeing the futility of my cherished profiling - via - pdf idea would ’ve seen me put the whole thing back on the shelf and go play Altitude to forget about it .
So start in the middle , start with the interesting , challenging , core of the problem you ’re trying to solve .
Cut down everything else to ridiculous minima and see what happens ; you may create something fascinating .
Note : Yield Thought has moved to http://yieldthought.com – check there for the latest posts !
On Sunday May 23 , 2010 , the workers at the Motts Plant in Williamson , NY went on strike after rejecting a final contract company offer .
The union filed a complaint with the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) .
The Complaint lists Unfair Labor Practices by the company and specific management personnel .
The following complaints were included :
1. Workers were unable to wear anything representing the union , including hats and shirts .
The local union President Michael LeBerth stated he was sent home because he was wearing company shirt embroidered with the union logo at work .
2 . The company used intimidation , including buying chains and locks and displaying them prominently , threatening workers with a lock out .
3 . A supervisor threatened plant closure if workers did not accept the companies final contract proposal .
4. Management threatened workers that if they did not accept the final contract offer , the company would reduce wages by $ 1.50 an hour .
According to the union representatives all these constitute unfair labor practices .
There is a NLRB member currently out at the plant investigating the allegations .
After going on strike , workers received a letter from management saying the company would implement the final contract they offered including the wage decrease .
It was signed by George Tobin , Williamson Plant Manager .
The letter told workers about the new contract and when each item would be implemented .
The letter included a decrease in hourly wages by $ 1.50 a hour across the board .
There will be a pension freeze for current employees and elimination of the pension for future employees , 401 ( K ) match will be decreased to 4 % from 5 % , which is a 20 % decrease and major health care benefit changes including a increase workers contribution to premium cost and an increase in co pays and out of pocket expenses .
The company states they can implement this contract because there was an impasse in negotiations .
The workers , however , say there was not an impasse and that the company refused to negotiate in good faith and engaged in numerous Unfair Labor Practices .
The Parent Company of Motts , Dr. Pepper Snapple Inc. , did not decide to make all these drastic cuts due to poor financial performance .
In fact , the company made a profit of $ 555 million last year .
The CEO of the Motts Williamson plant , Larry Young , makes a salary of $ 6.7 million .
The company says they are making these changes to make wages and salaries more in line with other businesses in the area .
However , a worker told this reporter that some in management point to the high unemployment rate in the area and argue that there would be plenty of people who would work for what they are offering .
The production at the plant has been impacted greatly by the strike .
The plant hired temp workers to try to keep production going , but reports have been that only 4500 cases of apple sauce were produced on Friday compared to 40,000 cases produced by the regular workers .
Production is down to about 5 - 10 % of normal production .
There was also a report on Friday that a temp worker had had an accident with a machine requiring stitches .
In discussing such incidents , the workers continually emphasize that they would much rather be working and would like to have good faith negotiations with management , so they can get the back to their jobs .
In the early evening on Friday , May 28 , some striking workers picketing noticed a horrendous odor coming from an area across the street from them .
They reported seeing trucks go back there earlier and called the State Troopers requesting a DEC , Department of Environmental Conservation , employee to come down because they suspected illegal dumping by the plant .
When this reporter left , the Troopers had arrived and were taking down the workers statements .
The workers also stated that the Troopers were calling to try to get someone from the DEC out to investigate .
Many of the workers said that they represent workers everywhere that are seeing wages and benefits cut , while these large corporations are making huge profits .
They also spoke about the impact on the community .
Not only would these wages and benefit decreases effect them and their families , but also the whole community because ultimately less money would be spent in local businesses .
One worker held a sign that said â€ œWar Against the Workersâ€ and said he was fighting for justice .
R.W.D. S. U. Local 220 President Michael Le Berth said the support from the community and other local unions has been wonderful .
Michael said that local pizzerias have donated pizzas to the workers and other local businesses have donated ice and beverages .
Local union members from other industries have walked the picket line with RWDSU members and some have even offered financial support .
When this reporter asked what community members could do for support , Michael LeBerth said that people can come and walk the picket line with striking workers , honk their horns to show support when passing by or just stop by and say hello to the striking workers .
Related
* http://blip.tv/file/3687288
In yesterday ’s pieces , I predicted an outpouring of GOP hate from the right wing noise machine over Rima Fakih ’s selection as Miss USA .
I even suggested that it might be equivalent to that on behalf of Carrie ‘ silicone sweetie ’
Prejean , who came in second last year after displaying GOP hate against gay folks , and before being outed for her proclivity for masturbation tapes .
Was I right , or was I right ?
Last night [ Sunday ] , the Miss USA pageant crowned Miss Michigan Rima Fakih the 2010 Miss USA .
Fakih , who hails from the large Arab American community in Dearborn , Michigan , is a Lebanese American and the first Muslim to ever win the crown .
( Miss USA 1983 Julie Hayek was reportedly the first Arab American to get the title ) .
In winning the title , Fakih defeated first runner - up Miss Oklahoma Morgan Elizabeth Woolard , who garnered headlines when she responded to a judge ’s question about immigration policy by saying that she was “ perfectly fine ” [ Faux Noise delinked ] with Arizona ’s radical new immigration law .
Just as they erupted over Carrie Prejean ’s loss in the Miss USA contest 2009 , the right is again alleging a liberal bias against Woolard .
But many more right - wingers are enraged over Fakih ’s crowning :
– Conservative radio host Debbie Schlussel blamed Fakih ’s win on a supposed “ politically correct , Islamo - pandering climate ” in America and labeled her a “ Lebanese Muslim Hezbollah supporter with relatives who are top terrorists . ” [ GOP bigot delinked ]
– Right wing pundit and Fox contributor Michelle Malkin ranted that “ Fakih ’s cheerleaders are too busy tooting the identity politics horn to care what comes out of her mouth ” and that “ the Miss USA pageant did n’t want to risk the wrath of the open - borders mob . ” [ GOP bigot delinked ]
– Conservative author Daniel Pipes , who was briefly appointed by former President George W. Bush to the U.S. Institute of Peace , opined that “ this surprising frequency of Muslims winning beauty pageants makes me suspect an odd form of affirmative action . ” [ GOP bigot delinked ]
– Fox News ’s Gretchen Carlson complained that Woolard ’s “ informed opinion ” may have cost her the crown , and said that Fakih may have won because we live in a “ PC society . ” [ 5/17/10 ]
“ This is the real face of Arab Americans , not the stereotypes you hear about , ” said Fakih supporter and Arab American Zouheir Alawieh following her win… [ emphasis original ]
Posted to Anarchist News .
All this news about anarchists planning to crash the Tea Parties and brawl with rightwingers has completely blown up on anarchists news and rightwing news .
But the whole controversy appears to have been started by “ liberals ” posing as anarchists on a popular anarchist website — infoshop.org .
As an anarchist myself I never thought to “ brawl ” with the Tea Party groups .
In reality , anarchists were writing pamphlets to pass out on Tax Day , hoping to expand our anti-authoritarian , anti-capitalist analysis .
We can see that the tea partiers want some of the very same things we want .
So why should we , the anarchists , make enemies with people who are opposing government control , opposing the banks , opposing the capitalist system and the state that manages it ?
On the other hand , there are some anarchists who legitimately want to do battle with the Tea Partiers .
These anarchists say that the Tea Partiers are predominantly racist , and that they pose a threat to anti-fascist struggles in the US .
I am not trying to downplay this .
There are racists at the Tea Parties .
And there will probably be members of openly fascist and Neo - Nazi organizations like the Aryan Nations or the Kinsmen Redeemer Ministries ( both active in my area ) trying to recruit Christians or conservatives to their “ race - war ” mentalities .
But the Tea Parties themselves are openly protesting against the size of government .
They ’re not demonstrating for white nationalism .
Those of us anarchists who see this as a possibility to share our thoughts on capitalism and statism with Tea Partiers should not be put in the “ rightwing anarcho - capitalist ” category .
If this is the way you view the world , maybe you should get out more and talk to people other than anarchists and vegans .
Even though we do not think the same things as the Tea Partiers , at least the Tea Parties are pissed off at the government .
And usually anarchists show up to events where other people are pissed off at .
We show up to anti-war protests even though in reality we are not “ anti- war ” — we want to destroy the militaries and surveillance systems of government .
We show up to immigration reform protests , even though we do n’t want reforms — we want to bring down the state ’s borders altogether .
We show up to “ pro-justice ” rallies even if we do n’t want legal justice — we want to abolish the prison system .
So , why ca n’t we show up to a rally against taxation — not to fight the people protesting — but to encourage them to develop their critique of government and Keynesian capitalism , and to think in new , radically subjective ways .
But it seems a lot of confusion was over the original call to action — which was most likely a fake .
In part , here is what the original call to action said :
“ If the tea party movement takes over this country they will really hurt poor people by getting rid of social programs like food stamps , unemployment benefits , disability benefits , student aid , free health care , etc . ”
I honestly do n’t believe an “ anarchist ” would write something like that .
It sounds like a liberal Democrat wrote this , and that really makes anarchism seem confusing .
Commenters on conservative websites are now saying things like :
Why would anarchists want to hinder people who want less government ?
Anarchists by definition do n’t want any government .
Maybe they ’re really not anarchists ?
This is true .
And who started this rumor about anarchists “ brawling ” with Tea Partiers anyway ?
The original call to action said nothing about brawling or fighting .
According to writer Jonny Diamond from L Magazine — a New York City - based magazine for fashionable city life — anarchists doing battle with the Tea Partiers on Tax Day would be a cool thing to watch .
WHO WILL STOP THESE CRAZY MOBS ?
Anarchists !
Hooray !
Various anarchist groups are calling for anti-racist counter - protests wherever tea partiers gather …
He describes European style anti-fascist brawls , and links to a hockey game brawl .
But WHY ?
In reality , anarchism has more in common with the tea-partiers than it does with fashion designers in Manhattan who read and write L Magazine , and think they can encourage anarchists to fight the proletarians who live outside their metropolis .
If we really have a solid analysis of social war and the crisis of capitalism , we will see through the shroud of bullshit here .
It is the liberal bourgeoisie who simply do not see the larger , social picture here .
We should be asking ourselves how come they think they can share our anarchist analysis ?
Why brawl with tea partiers as if we were opposite sides of some ridiculous political “ spectrum ” .
And Alex Jones seems to think that every time anarchists show up anywhere it is a state conspiracy to shutdown civil liberties .
He says the Tea Parties will be crashed by “ fake anarchists ” who are actually undercover FBI agents .
This is based on evidence that is true , but to conclude that there are no legitimate anarchists in the US is false .
In every mid-size city and larger there is an anarchist presence .
The best , and most sober analysis I ’ve come across is actually in this video of Noam Chomsky .
Chomsky was asked by a university liberal whether the Tea Partiers were insane or not , and this was his response :
Many so - called “ liberals ” quote Noam Chomsky , but few seem to fully understand the anarchist analysis he uses , or they would have already understood the point he makes in the video .
Here , the liberal blog Huffington Post archived what they considered the “ most offensive ” Tea Party signs and slogans from Tax Day 2009 .
Curiously , a lot of the signs are either anti-capitalist or anti-government — which only makes the point more clear : that the liberals only find it offensive because it ’s anti-capitalist and anti-government .
We should ask ourselves why the liberals identify closer with the capitalist system than the Tea Partiers .
Look at the sentiments reflected in the signs , and ask whether these are the people we think anarchists actually want to be “ brawling ” with on Tax Day .
Aside from the highly patriotic , Christian rhetoric involved in the Tea Party movement – the tea partiers can see the capitalist system at work in their very own lives .
They are tired of the state taxing them for future generations to come .
A lot of these people may be retired and have to pay taxes on fixed incomes , and deal with inflationary pressures of the system as well .
The “ liberals ” do not see this fact because anti-capitalism is not their concern as long as their preferred party is in power : the Democratic Party .
As long as they favorite version of the authoritarian system of social control is concentrated in the state , they feel perfectly content with the system .
These are not the people anarchists should want to brawl .
We should want to brawl with the bankers and politicians .
Hopefully this write - up has shed some light on what anarchists such as myself think about the Tea Party movement .
British troops who have fought in Iraq or Afghanistan suffer far lower rates of post - traumatic stress than Americans do , according to the most rigorous psychiatric study of Britain ’s military so far .
While estimated rates of the condition in troops returning to the United States range from 10 to 15 percent , the new study found a rate of just 4 percent among Britons — even though they and the Americans have seen equal amounts of combat in recent years .
When British researchers first reported low rates of post - traumatic stress , in 2006 , the Americans were suffering far more casualties in Iraq .
But the new study found no increase in mental health problems in British troops from 2003 to 2009 , despite an escalating role in active combat in Afghanistan and rising rates of multiple deployments .
The findings , being reported in the current issue of The Lancet , are likely to stir debate about why the numbers are so different .
In both countries , mental problems still carry a strong stigma among many military people , and both governments have taken extensive measures to prevent and treat combat stress .
“ This is truly a landmark study , in its size and rigor , and the findings are surprisingly positive , ” said Richard J. McNally , a psychologist at Harvard .
“ The big mystery is why we find these cross-national differences . ”
Asteroid to Fly by Within Moon 's Orbit Thursday
Updated April 08 , 2010
With additional observations coming in , scientists at NASA 's Near - Earth Object Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
have been able to further refine the trajectory estimate for the orbit of asteroid 2010 GA6 .
This latest trajectory indicates that the closest approach for asteroid 2010 GA6 will be just slightly beyond the moon 's orbit , about 434,000 kilometers ( 270,000 miles ) from Earth .
The time of closest approach will be 7:06 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time on April 8 ( 2:06 U.T.C. on April 9 ) .
A newly discovered asteroid , 2010 GA6 , will safely fly by Earth this Thursday at 4:06 p.m. Pacific ( 23:06 U.T.C. ) .
At time of closest approach 2010 GA6 will be about 359,000 kilometers ( 223,000 miles ) away from Earth - about 9/10 ths the distance to the moon .
The asteroid , approximately 22 meters ( 71 feet ) wide , was discovered by the Catalina Sky Survey , Tucson , Az .
" Fly bys of near - Earth objects within the moon 's orbit occur every few weeks , " said Don Yeomans of NASA 's Near - Earth Object Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
NASA detects and tracks asteroids and comets passing close to Earth using both ground and space - based telescopes .
The Near - Earth Object Observations Program , commonly called " Spaceguard , " discovers these objects , characterizes a subset of them and plots their orbits to determine if any could be potentially hazardous to our planet .
JPL manages the Near - Earth Object Program Office for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
JPL is a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
Cornell University , Ithaca , N.Y. , operates the Arecibo Observatory under a cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation in Arlington , Va .
For more information about asteroids and near - Earth objects , visit :
http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/asteroidwatch
DC Agle 818-393-9011
agle@jpl.nasa.gov
2010 - 115
" The thumbprint creates a mathematical template .
All parents have been written to and we have told them what the system is all about .
From the responses we have had there has been overwhelming support . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The mother of computer hacker Gary McKinnon is to stand for election in Jack Straw 's Blackburn constituency .
Janis Sharp , who lives in Hertfordshire , said she blamed the justice secretary for pushing through the extradition treaty with the US .
Under the treaty , her son , from Wood Green in London , could be sent to the US for trial .
But defence lawyers say an assessment of his actions has to take into account his Asperger 's syndrome .
Mr McKinnon is accused of breaking into military computer systems .
A spokesman for Mr Straw said it was right that people with differing views were able to stand in the election .
He said : " In a democracy , it is right that people are able to stand in elections and put their case .
" I am sure there will be lots of views heard over the next few weeks and it is good that people are able to do that . "
Ms Sharp , from Hertfordshire , who intends to stand as an independent candidate , said she believed Labour was responsible for eroding civil liberties .
I do n't expect to get in but I feel civil liberties need a voice
Janis Sharp " Jack Straw led us to believe the extradition treaty would only be used for terrorists , but it is not being used for this , " she said .
" Once these things are brought in , we do n't know where they will go next .
It 's very frightening . "
Last year , the Labour government defended extradition laws with the US saying it had simplified the rules while still protecting the rights of suspects .
The Conservatives have said the law was not being used , as intended , to fight terrorism , and the Liberal Democrats said that cases such as Mr McKinnon 's " underlined the injustice " of the treaty .
In July 2009 , home secretary Alan Johnson said the government had to act in accordance with the law , which it believed provided sufficient safeguards .
Extradition battles
The computer systems allegedly hacked into by Mr McKinnon , 44 , include those at the Pentagon and , if convicted , he faces 60 years in prison .
He claims he was seeking evidence of UFOs .
Mr McKinnon 's lawyers and family have fought a series of long - running court battles in an attempt to avoid his extradition claiming that his Asperger 's syndrome accounts for many aspects of his behaviour .
He has claimed in the past that he was looking for evidence of UFOs .
A judicial review of that decision will be heard at the High Court at the end of May .
Ms Sharp , who said she had voted Labour in the past , said it was time for people to " vote with their heads , not with their habits " .
She also said she did not believe she had any chance of winning the Blackburn seat , but felt she wanted to make a stand .
" I do n't expect to get in but I feel civil liberties need a voice , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If ya all are wanting some blood on the floor , the Goldman Sachs hearing may give it to you .
Below is Senator Levin questioning a Goldman Sachs internal email labeling a toxic asset , a CDO called Timberwolf , as caca :
Ok , what is Timberwolf ?
It is a synthetic CDO that was issued in 2007 , within 5 months lost 80 % of it 's value .
Given that context , one can infer what shitty means and it ain't someone 's job performance .
It 's been a long time since a financial scandal looks like the paparazzi over Paris Hilton .
Here 's Senator McCaskill on the overall mentality :
This one 's great .
Goldman
Sachs claims it does n't have to disclose to investors it 's positions , uh like shorting the crap out of a structured financial product they are peddling to investors to purchase .
Now that we have the public roasting out of the way , check out this post , Ex-Goldman Sachs Trader Bought Major Stake in ACA , Shorted Subprime CDOs .
ACA is the firm supposedly in charge of managing the Abacus synthetic CDO that the SEC is charging Goldman Sachs with Fraud .
For details on the SEC case , see here and here .
Richard Perry .
Perry , a former Goldman Sachs trader , became known as one of the subprime winners in 2007 — one of the hedge fund managers who saw the crisis coming , and placed profitable bets that the housing market would collapse .
Perry reportedly shorted $ 3 billion in subprime - related securities , netting a $ 1 billion profit on the trade .
Around the same time , in late 2006 and 2007 , Perry ’s hedge fund , Perry Corp , began buying up shares in a certain financial management company that had a close business relationship with Goldman Sachs .
His stake grew from 5 % to 8 % ( around $ 30 million in early 2007 ) , to the point where Perry Corp was disclosed as a major shareholder in the company in the prospectus for one CDO put together by Goldman in August 2007 .
That company : ACA Capital , the same firm wrapped up in the Goldman Sachs - John Paulson CDO deal that the SEC has deemed fraudulent .
Hmmm , another hedge fund manager , who wins big by betting on a meltdown , not only has ties to the very same firm as John Paulson , the hedge fund winner in the SEC Fraud case , but also has strong ties to Goldman Sachs .
Yves Smith has more comments on today 's proceedings where Ted Kaufman asks about another CDO based on all WaMu subprime loans , peddled by Goldman Sachs .
Maybe we should classify Goldman Sachs Financial Products as shit sundaes .
Several people , throughout history have tried to predict what life would be like in a society in the future .
From massive infrastructures , buildings , roads , vehicles to spaceships and outer space habitats .
Personally , I find it fascinating to pick up a magazine from 20 or 30 years ago and look at some illustrations that try to predict " what the future will be like " .
Some pictures are completely delirious - at least for now - but others are incredibly visionary .
In this German website , I found a very interesting set of retro , futuristic illustrations .
The authors do n't supply an awful lot of information ( the website is entirely in German ) about what triggered this project , but it mainly consists of organizing and cataloguing German and Austrian visionary works .
Apparently the goal behind this effort is to incite scientific investigation in these countries , which , according to the webmasters , has gone downhill since the 70s , when some anti-science and anti-technology feelings began developing within these societies - an opinion I personally do n't agree with .
Regardless of their intentions , the illustrations are very good .
Strictly for aficionados .
The Top Ten Things I Miss About Tokyo
Let me preface this post by saying that I did not write on Tuesday because I did not have my computer .
The reason has , in part , to do with what I miss about Tokyo and bits and pieces of what I miss about Tokyo that CAN be found in the U.S .
In case you did n’t know , I ’m in the U.S. this week visiting with my family .
It is my grandmother ’s birthday ( she will be 88 next week ) and my grandfather is not doing well .
I had a frequent flyer ticket and using it to visit just now seemed like a prudent thing to do .
When flying into Hartsfield Airport in Atlanta last week I had several adventures .
First of all , my plane from Tokyo was late .
And secondly , when passengers come into Atlanta from outside the U.S. , they have to clear security again AFTER leaving immigration and the customs hall – and therefore check and retrieve luggage one extra time .
It ’s a nightmare and nearly caused me to miss my plane out of Atlanta to Florida where my family lives .
Because I was taking a different airline to Florida than I had taken to Atlanta , I had to retrieve the bag and then get a new boarding pass on another airline and re-check the bag , which they could not guarantee would make the plane , but it did in the end .
Then I had to go through security again .
Well , due to the time constraints , I left my computer – my new little netbook – at the C Gate security checkpoint in Atlanta .
I simply leaned down to put on my shoe and tie it , and left the computer on the table where I had laid it .
However , after filing the proper form on the Internet with the department of security lost and found on Thursday evening , I got a call on Friday morning from the airport that this nice lady had found my computer and it would be waiting for me in Atlanta when I passed through there again .
I retrieved it today .
People in the U.S. do n’t often have faith in each other , but I have faith .
My belongings were returned and everything is safe and sound .
People can be inherently good .
So though the security of Tokyo is one of the things I miss about it when I ’m not there , I do feel good about the security of my home country right now .
So here are the top ten things I miss about Tokyo :
10 .
The food ( especially the fresher than fresh sushi )
9 . The mild weather ( though it is quite hot in the summer , winter is very mild in comparison to the northeast part of the U.S. where I have spent most of my life . )
8 . The safety ( my ten - year - old goes to the park on his own with no issues and no fears – and no fear from his mother , either . )
7 . The quiet ( no honking horns on the streets ! )
6 . The cleanliness ( there is no trash on the streets – and conversely no trash cans either .
People in Japan carry their trash until it can be disposed of properly . )
5 . The food ( noodle bowls – ramen and udon and soba , oh my ! )
4 . The posh cars I see ( it ’s a very slow day if I do n’t spot a Ferrari or a Maserati )
3 . The walking ( I rarely use my car – I walk to do almost all of my errands and most of the kids ’ activities are within walking distance of the house .
If I do n’t walk I take the train – except to the American Club – to which I take the car .
It figures , right ? )
2 . The people ( everyone , without fail , is polite and deferential – even when it is not expected . )
1 . The food ( French food , Indian food , Italian food , Chinese food , Singaporean food – I could go on and on and on … . )
This list is by no means exhaustive , but rather a taste of some of the things I love about my adopted city .
Rest assured , however ; when I ’m in Tokyo there are many things I miss about the United States .
Stay tuned for a post about that particular topic next week .
This article is a submission for the Japan Blog Matsuri hosted by Muza - chan ’s Gate to Japan .
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , May 3 , 2010
Widespread Condemnation of Wikipedia Bias
Readers Report Suppression of Nutritional Medicine ( OMNS , May 3 , 2010 )
The public has something to say about a lack of objectivity at the Wikipedia page on Orthomolecular Medicine http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthomolecular_medicine :
One reader writes : " I created a Wikipedia account to learn to edit in order to keep the orthomolecular side straight .
If you check edits under CSC 42 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/CSC_42
you 'll notice that after hours of editing , my edits have nearly all been replaced by original posts .
Looks to be an edit war . "
Another reader attempted to add the following text , unsuccessfully : " Diseases that are accepted by conventional medicine to be the result of vitamin or other nutrient deficiencies are : scurvy , pellagra , beriberi , rickets , tetany , osteoporosis , goiter , Keshan disease , and iron deficiency anemia . "
Here is some of the other correspondence that OMNS has received : Australia :
" It is clear that Wikipedia authors are biased against orthomolecular medicine .
Those of us who use ascorbate and other vitamins in high doses know better .
The science behind the use of vitamins as recommended by orthomolecular physicians and researchers is very well established .
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v02n02.shtml
There are many hundreds of MDs , naturopaths , nutritionists and others who successfully treat patients with mega doses .
And there are many thousands of well educated people who use the same on their own . "
United Kingdom :
" Wikipedia ?
Rubbish !
I do n't care what anyone writes about orthomolecular medicine .
I use it and it has served me well . "
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v03n11.shtml
" Homeopaths are experiencing the same bias on Wikipedia .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homeopathy
When a person posts truth about how homeopathy works , or bona fide research into the effects of homeopathic medicine , it is immediately changed to lies .
I suspect that it is the same for virtually any form of natural medicine . "
France :
" There is no doubt in my mind that there is an organized campaign against orthomolecular research .
In my experience there is one way to defeat them , and that is to do like you have done in this newsletter : let a hundred thousand eyes search for the truth . "
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml
California :
" For over three years after being diagnosed with chronic lymphatic leukemia I have been receiving 100,000 milligrams of vitamin C intravenously , twice a week .
My oncologist is extremely impressed that my white blood level has maintained a healthy level .
My treatments have now been reduced to one treatment per week .
I feel strong , have a great sense of well being , and I have had no ill effects from this mode of treatment . "
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v01n09.shtml and http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v04n19.shtml
Nebraska :
" Having headed up the research centers for several national medically - related corporations , I have reviewed articles at the Wikipedia site quite a large number of times in recent years and have long been familiar with its strong biased reports disseminated quite widely throughout their system .
Their extreme negative spin has convinced me that there is a no - win status in trying to influence them . "
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v06n02.shtml
Minnesota :
" Creating a Wikipedia for natural medicine is the only way to ensure accurate data on the subject .
I am not sure how we would manage data from Big Pharma backed authors . "
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v05n02.shtml
South Carolina :
" I have noticed an almost universal Wikipedia bias against any form of alternative medicine , and against those who have well documented and reasonable concerns about the safety and efficacy of many practices of the pharmaceutical companies , especially vaccinations .
( http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v04n17.shtml and http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v05n06.shtml
)
This attitude goes against the Wiki spirit that truth should be distilled through the process of debate .
When labels like " quack " are thrown around so freely , when statements such as " these claims are not verified by science " ( meaning the reigning establishment , of course ) , it does not lead to healthy debate and exposes the ignorance of those who must resort to name calling rather than intelligent conversation .
There seems to be a power complex behind what was meant to be a public arena . "
Elsewhere in USA :
" Wikipedia editors that have a long history of maintaining an article keep tabs on the content .
After reading the article it seems quite clear that those holding a negative viewpoint have won the battle .
The only way to get the article to be more neutral is to propose a change and cite peer - reviewed references in the Discussion tab http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Orthomolecular_medicine .
It is quite educational to read the existing Discussion to get a feel for the players involved and what their objections are likely to be . "
A registered nurse writes :
" Wikipedia bias ?
Oh well , that leaves more great supplements for the rest of us ! "
Allan N. Spreen , M.D. :
" The biggest objectivity problem with Wikipedia is that by its very concept , nothing can be trusted in any of the information .
Bias is implicit .
If they see something they do n't like , they can remove it , without reference to qualifications .
That 's why I never use Wikipedia . "
Ralph K. Campbell , M.D. :
" The old war is still intense .
Wikipedia 's account of Orthomolecular Medicine makes me regret that pharmaceutical medicine 's stubborn defense of its practices can only be bolstered by attacking the enemy .
Yet rarely does a week go by but " Medscape " warns physicians of a new " black box " label attached to a drug , due to bad side - effects .
What is " normal " vitamin intake ?
Five to seven pesticide - laden fruit and vegetable servings a day , and processed foods virtually devoid of nutrients ? "
Erik Paterson , M.D. :
" The Wikipedia account of Orthomolecular Medicine is quite misleading .
Dr. Roger J. Williams
http://www.doctoryourself.com/rjwilliams.html found there to be a wide range of variations in human biochemistry and need for nutrients , work which has never been refuted .
Mainstream medical scientists and doctors do not take such variability into account when considering the nutritional requirements of patients .
The Recommended Daily Allowance ( RDA ) of the individual nutrients only provides enough to prevent the deficiency diseases in healthy people but offers nothing about the requirements of people who are ill .
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v03n10.shtml
Orthomolecular physicians take the specialized nutritional needs of sick patients into account .
Drugs , best described as deadly poisons given in sublethal doses , cannot be considered safe , since , in the USA alone , well over 100,000 patients per year die from the toxic effects of drugs given according to the manufacturers ' recommendations .
By contrast , deaths due to vitamins given in doses far higher than the RDA is zero http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v06n04.shtml . "
Interested readers may contribute to the Wikipedia Orthomolecular Medicine page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthomolecular_medicine .
Or can they ?
Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Ralph K. Campbell , M.D. ( USA )
Carolyn Dean , M.D. , N.D. ( Canada )
Damien Downing , M.D. ( United Kingdom )
Michael Gonzalez , D.Sc. , Ph.D. ( Puerto Rico )
Steve Hickey , Ph.D. ( United Kingdom )
James A. Jackson , PhD ( USA )
Bo H. Jonsson , MD , Ph.D ( Sweden )
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D. ( USA )
Jorge R. Miranda - Massari , Pharm .D. ( Puerto Rico )
Erik Paterson , M.D. ( Canada )
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. ( Netherlands ) Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. ( USA ) , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
To Unsubscribe from this list : http://www.orthomolecular.org/unsubscribe.html
“ Two teachers accused of sprinkling holy water onto an avowed atheist colleague have been removed from the classroom , and may be fired . ”
( Click image for story ; Found at http://j-walkblog.com)
A panel of educators convened by the nation ’s governors and state school superintendents proposed a uniform set of academic standards on Wednesday , laying out their vision for what all the nation ’s public school children should learn in math and English , year by year , from kindergarten to high school graduation .
The new proposals could transform American education , replacing the patchwork of standards ranging from mediocre to world - class that have been written by local educators in every state .
Under the proposed standards for English , for example , fifth graders would be expected to explain the differences between drama and prose stories , and to identify elements of drama like characters , dialogue and stage directions .
Seventh graders would study , among other math concepts , proportional relationships , operations with rational numbers and solutions for linear equations .
The new standards are likely to touch off a vast effort to rewrite textbooks , train teachers and produce appropriate tests , if a critical mass of states adopts them in coming months , as seems likely .
But there could be opposition in some states , like Massachusetts , which already has high standards that advocates may want to keep .
Image caption Pfizer is the world 's largest drugs - maker
Drugmaker Pfizer has said it is to cut 6,000 jobs worldwide - almost a fifth of its workforce - over the next five years as part of a major restructuring .
It will close eight plants and scale back operations at six other factories .
The changes follow Pfizer 's purchase of rival Wyeth last year .
Three plants will be closed in the Irish Republic , leading to the loss of up to 785 jobs there .
Two Pfizer plants in County Cork will close and a factory in south Dublin .
' Critical ' move
It is also scaling back operations at Newbridge , County Kildare , and also at the plant at Havant in the UK .
SITES FACING CLOSURE Caguas , Puerto Rico
Carolina , Puerto Rico
Dun Laoghaire , south Dublin , Ireland
Loughberg , Ringaskiddy , County Cork , Ireland
Shanbally , Ringaskiddy , County Cork , Ireland
Rouses Point , New York , US
Richmond , Virginia , US
Pearl River , New York , US
Source : Pfizer
" The restructuring of our global plant network is critical to our efforts to remain competitive so that we can continue to meet patient needs and expand the access and affordability of our medicines , " said Pfizer global manufacturing president Nat Ricciardi .
" We are keenly aware of the impact these types of changes have on employees and their families , " Mr Ricciardi said .
" We will provide support to our colleagues who lose their jobs so that their transition to new careers is as smooth as possible . "
Hunt for buyers
Pfizer said the move had been made in reaction to the fast - changing and competitive environment in which it operates .
Pfizer is the maker of the Viagra erectile dysfunction drug and cholesterol drug Lipitor .
The firm has 78 manufacturing sites and employs about 33,000 people worldwide .
The timing of closures , or " exits " as the firm calls it , will depend on a number of factors , including the complexity of operations at each individual plant .
In addition the firm said it would look to find buyers for the sites " in an effort to preserve jobs and minimize the impact to communities " .
1 2 3 next »
Firefox and the open web
By Richard Hillesley
" We believe that the internet should be public , open and accessible " - Mozilla 's statement of intent
Firefox is the most popular and widely used free software application and boasts more than a billion downloads and more than 350 million users .
The H discusses its history , present and future with Mitchell Baker , chair of the Mozilla Foundation .
An origin in ashes
Firefox started life as Phoenix - named after the bird of Persian mythology - which rose from the ashes , but was later renamed Firebird because of trademark issues , and finally became Firefox in 2004 to end confusion with the Firebird open source RDBMS project that had sprung from Borland 's release of Interbase in 2000 .
The first release of Firefox ( 0.8 ) under the Firefox name was in February 2004 , and was immediately successful because it was able to defy gravity and take Microsoft on , despite the in - built advantages that come from the Windows monopoly on the desktop .
Between 1999 and 2004 there had been no effective competition for Internet Explorer and browser development for the wider market came to a standstill .
There was a crying need for a web browser that was fast and easy , standards compliant and secure , and unencumbered with the bloat and feature creep that had been inflicted on the users of Netscape and Internet Explorer ( IE ) during the browser wars .
Firefox filled that space with alacrity , gaining 100 million users in its first year alone , fuelled by a grass roots campaign initiated by Blake Ross to spread its uptake .
This was aided and abetted by the five year gap between the release of IE 6 and IE 7 ( which did n't arrive until October 2006 ) and an innovative approach to add - ons and extensions , which allowed users to create their own features , taking control away from the makers of the browser and putting it in the hands of the user .
A child of adversity
Born of the browser wars and the unlikely union of Netscape and AOL , Mozilla and Firefox had a long and difficult gestation , exacerbated by the pressing need to rewrite Netscape 's layout engine and UI from scratch , and the conflicting demands of the business models of Netscape and AOL , from which the Mozilla project finally escaped in 2003 .
The Netscape Communications Corporation had been founded in 1994 by Marc Andreessen and the founder of Silicon Graphics , Jim Clark .
Netscape 's browser , known as Navigator , was derived from NCSA 's Mosaic , and soon claimed over 80 % of the market .
Netscape and Andreessen , who had led the development of Mosaic at NCSA , were credited with popularising the browser and instigating the web revolution .
Mosaic was the first browser to gain a popular market , and Netscape built on Mosaic 's popularity .
Internet Explorer came later , and was Microsoft 's belated response to the success of Netscape .
IE was based on Spyglass Inc. 's browser , which in turn was also derived from NCSA Mosaic .
Both Netscape and Internet Explorer diverged significantly from W3C standards and from each other , creating ' innovations ' and ' features ' which worked with one browser or the other , but not in the best interests of web developers .
Internet Explorer rapidly gained market share , not because of its inherent virtues , but because it came free to all users of Windows , undercutting Netscape 's business model , which relied on sales of Netscape to commercial users .
Microsoft cut below - the - counter deals with OEMs , would n't share its APIs with competitors and incorporated the browser into its operating system , thus effectively " cutting off Netscape 's air supply . "
Netscape 's response to its subsequent loss of market share and fall in revenue was to hand the development of Communicator over to the community in 1998 , overseen by the Mozilla project which was run by Netscape employees .
Netscape had become clunky and unwieldy , did n't comply with web standards and suffered from stability issues , which necessitated the rewriting of the whole suite from the bottom up , resulting in the creation of the Gecko layout engine .
Subsequently , Netscape and Mozilla were acquired by AOL for the mouthwatering sum of $ 4.2 billion , and during the barren years between 1999 and 2004 Internet Explorer gained such dominance that it could claim around 95 % of the browser market .
Next : Rising from the ashes
1 2 3 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-989318
Journalists are already getting warmed up for the next big Apple event , the Worldwide Developers Conference in June , where they will most likely get a look at the next generation of the iPhone .
But there might be fewer people lined up , and not just because we got a peek inside the new model when photos of a prototype were leaked on a blog two weeks ago .
We also got an unflattering peek inside the company itself .
After Gizmodo , a gadget blog owned by Gawker Media , paid $ 5,000 to obtain a next - generation iPhone that an unfortunate Apple engineer left sitting in a Silicon Valley bar , things started to get ugly out there in gadget land .
Officers from the San Mateo County Sheriff ’s Office kicked in a journalist ’s doors and confiscated computers .
Apple did n’t do the kicking , but it apparently filed a complaint — not seeking the return of their phone , which they had already retrieved , but information .
Monetary accommodation has opened up space for other economic policies in the euro area , which needs to be put to good use by pursuing economic reforms .
Productivity and employment growth ultimately rest on our ability to reform .
SMUGGLERS complain that Egypt hampers three things imported through the blockade - busting tunnels that supply Gaza : weapons , dishwashers ( their timers can double as detonators ) , and books .
Of the three , the last may be the most regulated .
One smuggler complained that the Egyptian authorities confiscated a delivery of 10,000 books , the bulk of them a classical commentary on the Koran .
In the eyes of the impounders , the people of Gaza , who are governed by the Islamists of Hamas , are quite Islamic enough already .
Tunnel trouble is only one of the woes afflicting the book trade .
The Hamas police are another .
Gaza , a slither of land sandwiched between Egypt and Israel , has only three bookshops for its 1.5 m people .
Even these have empty shelves .
In its drive for a monopoly over religious discourse , Hamas is forcing Islamists from other schools of thought to retreat to the web to publish their samizdat literature .
Of these the most prolific are the Salafists .
Salafi literally means “ disciple of the forebears ” ( the Prophet ’s companions ) but has come to refer to Muslim protestants who seek to slough off the corpus of Islamic tradition and return to the original purity of Islam ’s early years .
They particularly dislike the Muslim Brotherhood , a pan-Arab Islamist group , for making such 20th - century compromises as entering politics and campaigning in elections , a process they think usurps authority from God to man .
They castigate Hamas , the Brothers ’ Palestinian branch , for taking part in the territory ’s 2006 elections ( which they won ) , for failing to apply the sharia , or Islamic law , and most recently for suspending the armed fight against Israel .
Salafists arrived in Gaza when Palestinian exiles returned from Saudi Arabia dressed in their garb of ankle - length tunics .
Most preach absolute subservience to a legitimate leader , deemed to be the president of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas , whose forces Hamas kicked out of Gaza in June 2007 .
Most of Gaza ’s Salafist leaders are university professors , doctors and graduates , who see themselves as an elite , a cut above those they view as the unprincipled populists of Hamas .
But they have attracted broader interest among Gazans opposed to Hamas , not least Mr Abbas ’s Fatah faction , which once ruled the strip but has been hamstrung by Hamas .
Fatah ’s fans flock to Salafist mosques on Fridays in part to spare them from having to recite a weekly prayer for Gaza ’s Hamas rulers .
A few seek to revive the Salafist order by force .
They declare the legitimate ruler to be not Mr Abbas but the global jihadist leadership .
They dub Osama bin Laden their “ righteous shepherd ” .
Some name their offspring after him .
Many of them are barely literate , sprinkling their statements on the web with grammatical errors .
Their results have been patchy .
Their most dramatic effort , a charge of three white horses with strap - on explosives last summer , ended when the cavalcade blew up before reaching its target , Israel ’s border barricade .
And though they profess to limit their jihad to the enemy outside , their most violent acts have been against other Gazans .
To impose their Koranic writ they have bombed coffee shops , internet cafés and salons for women that employ male hairdressers .
A spokesman for Jaish al - Umma ( Army of the Muslim Community ) , the largest of the four armed Salafist groups , calls such acts “ aberrations ” .
The Palestinian authorities , Hamas and Fatah alike , have thumped them .
Last August a Salafist leader publicly declared an emirate .
In no time Hamas forces charged into his mosque in Rafah , a town on the border with Egypt , and killed him and 27 followers .
Hundreds more were jailed .
“ In a democracy they would have been put on trial , ” says Imad Falluji , a former leader of Hamas who abandoned it in the mid-1990s .
“ Under Hamas military rule they were simply tortured and executed . ”
Most have since been freed , but only after renouncing their creed .
A few hundred strong at most , they no longer strut the streets with their guns or blow up cafés but are lying low .
After Hamas recently put up taxes , it was secular left - wingers , not Salafists , who protested most loudly .
Salafists for now have lost the battle .
But they have tarnished Hamas ’s Islamist halo by daring to query it .
Dissent in Gaza is rising .
The Salafists ’ one source of succour could lie among malcontents within Hamas who were raised on a diet of ideological militancy but fear that their movement is selling out .
Their most prominent member was Nizar Rayan , a university professor who taught the Prophet Muhammad ’s life and times while doubling as head of Hamas ’s military wing .
But he was killed during the Israeli bombardment of Gaza in January last year .
His followers , however , remain .
Sometimes they help Salafist prisoners of Hamas to get out of jail .
They criticise Hamas for taxing such evils as cigarettes rather than banning them outright , as they do alcohol .
And they wonder glumly what other ideological compromises the Hamas government may make in pursuit of power .
If Hamas is booted out , Islamists could yet look to the Salafists as Gaza ’s next force for renewal — and rejection of Israel .
I thought this was pretty funny and hey , we can all use a good laugh these days , right ?
Sarah Palin has been whining all over the place about author Joe McGinniss , calling him a stalker for renting the house next door while he 's writing a book about her .
And of course Fox hacks like Steve Doocy have been whipping themselves into a self - righteous frenzy , while ABCNews breathlessly regurgitates Palin's " stalker " narrative .
Turns out there 's a little more to the story .
From Gawker :
Earlier this year , Palin used her clout with Alaska State Police to get 16 - year - old Willow Palin off the hook after she and some high school buddies trashed a vacant home during a bender .
The other kids were hung out to dry , and Alaska 's Mat - Su Valley boiled at the injustice of Willow 's preferential treatment .
We warned that Palin should watch her back lest small - town high school drama explode in national scandal .
So , another instance of the Lamestream Media trying to ruin Sarah Palin 's life , right ?
Actually , it appears this whole situation was orchestrated by a vengeful neighbor .
McGinniss ' son said in an email reprinted by Politico that his dad was offered the spot by Palin 's neighbor because the Palins owed her money :
" A woman was renting her house and sought out the author because the Palins had crossed her ( owed her money for renovations she had done at their request and never paid her for ) .
So she knew McGinniss was writing the book and found him and offered him the house . "
The Palins apparently tried renting the place all winter to head off any Liberals .
Not only did her neighbor refuse , she called up McGinniss and was like , " Hey , got this awesome house right across from Sarah Palin .
Want ? "
There 's no purer form of small - town drama than the stiffed contractor out for non-monetary revenge .
Unlike those in New York or LA , where the elitists settle their labor disputes with fancy lawyers , small - town builders have the means to hit back in way more satisfying ways .
( Momof3 wildkids points out that the email may actually be saying that Palin asked her neighbor to fix up her own house , promised to pay for it , then stiffed her in the end .
Nervy ! )
Palin 's rise was based on a creation myth that had her springing from a fantasy Real America that loves guns and embryos and hates immigrants and socialists .
But the Real America Palin really inhabits just wants her to stop acting like a diva and to cough up the 1500 bucks or whatever she owes them for building her deck .
Do not cross your people , Sarah Palin !
Your speaking career and presidential prospects do n't stand a chance against their hard - won sense of frontier justice .
Installing a sworn enemy in your own backyard is just the beginning .
They will destroy you .
Mr. Jones worked with regional bands , mostly in Michigan and Ohio , before moving to New York in 1944 to join the trumpeter and singer Hot Lips Page ’s group at the Onyx Club on 52nd Street .
Image Hank Jones at the Charlie Parker Jazz Festival in Tompkins Square Park in 1995 .
Credit ...
Jack Vartoogian
He was soon in great demand , working for well - known performers like the saxophonist Coleman Hawkins and the singer Billy Eckstine .
“ People heard me and said , ‘ Well , this is not just a boy from the country — maybe he knows a few chords , ’ ” he told Ben Waltzer in a 2001 interview for The Times .
He abandoned the freelance life in late 1947 to become Ella Fitzgerald ’s accompanist and held that job until 1953 , occasionally taking time out to record with Charlie Parker and others .
He kept busy after leaving Fitzgerald .
Among other activities , he began an association with Benny Goodman that would last into the 1970s , and he was a member of the last group Goodman ’s swing - era rival Artie Shaw led before retiring in 1954 .
But financial security beckoned , and in 1959 he became a staff musician at CBS .
He also participated in a celebrated moment in presidential history when he accompanied Marilyn Monroe as she sang “ Happy Birthday ” to President John F. Kennedy , who was about to turn 45 , during a Democratic Party fund - raiser at Madison Square Garden in May 1962 .
Mr. Jones remained intermittently involved in jazz during his long tenure at CBS , which ended when the network disbanded its music department in the mid-’70s .
He was a charter member of the big band formed by his brother Thad and the drummer Mel Lewis in 1966 , and he recorded a few albums as a leader .
More often , however , he was heard but not seen on “ The Ed Sullivan Show ” and other television and radio programs .
“ Most of the time during those 15 or so years , I was n’t playing the kind of music I ’d prefer to play , ” Mr. Jones told Howard Mandel of Down Beat magazine in 1994 .
“ It may have slowed me down a bit .
I would have been a lot further down the road to where I want to be musically had I not worked at CBS . ”
But , he explained , the work gave him “ an economic base for trying to build something . ”
Chinese newspaper Southern Weekly sent 20 - year - old reporter Liu Zhi Yi undercover in Foxconn 's factory in Shenzhen , China .
For 28 days , he experienced dreadful conditions that the factory 's 400,000 employees endure , churning out iPods , iPads , and iPhones for Apple nonstop .
Advertisement
There 's no doubt about it .
The Foxconn suicides were caused by job stress .
Within half a year , there have been nine suicides attempts with seven confirmed deaths at Foxconn 's Shenzhen factory .
In the last month , that number suddenly increased to 30 new suicide attempts , prompting the company to hire counselors and even Buddhist monks to free the souls of the suicidal from purgatory .
Advertisement
Foxconn is one of Apple 's main manufacturer contractors .
Thousands of Mac minis , iPods , iPhones and iPads are assembled daily in the Shenzhen factory , which runs 24 / 7 .
The company also produces some products for Intel , Dell , and HP , among others .
After the sixth suicide attempt in April , Southern Weekly — described by The New York Times as China 's most influential liberal newspaper — sent a young reporter to sneak into the factory as a worker .
At the same time , they sent a senior reporter to talk with Foxconn 's executives .
Their mission :
To discover what 's really going on in that factory , and find out the true reasons behind the suicides .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
During his 28 days of investigation , Liu Zhi Yi was shocked to discover how the factory workers live in a sort of indentured servitude .
They work all day long , stopping only to quickly eat or to sleep .
They repeat the same routine again and again except on public holidays .
Liu surmised that for many workers , the only escape from this cycle was to end their life .
Liu , a graduate student , was chosen because of his young age , since the factory only hires workers in their twenties .
He was hired without issue .
He signed only one special document :
An overtime working agreement that says the company is not responsible for their long hours of working .
According to Liu , this voluntary agreement overrules Chinese state regulation .
Advertisement
Foxconn workers only smile on the 10th of every month .
That 's the day when they get their salaries .
That day , the ATM machines inside the factory are crowded with workers .
Their monthly salaries start at 900 Chinese Yuan — about $ 130 .
Advertisement
The stress room at Foxconn .
Most of the workers had nothing to say about the popular Apple products they assemble .
Most can't afford to own an Apple product .
Their salaries can only buy them knockoff versions .
While gadget aficionados worldwide discuss which iPhone they should buy , Foxconn workers debate the merits of differing knockoffs .
Advertisement
Tales from the factory
Liu had his most interesting chats with other workers during meals .
Some told him that they envied workers who are sick .
They get leave approvals and can get some rest .
They also discussed about accidents in the factory :
One worker got his finger cut - off during production .
A few workers think that the machines are cursed .
They believe it 's dangerous for them to use the machines .
Advertisement
Another worker spoke about one of the favorite activities in the factory lines :
He likes to drop stuff on the floor .
Why ?
Workers spend achingly up to eight hours standing up , so they feel that squatting down to grab a fallen object is the most restful moment of their working day .
Workers call their warehouse trolleys their " BMWs " .
While pulling them around , stacked high with tons of goods , they imagine the real BMW they hope to one day own .
Advertisement
According to one worker , they can't live without these dreams .
They dream of becoming rich one day .
Some spend part of their salaries buying lottery tickets and betting on horse races .
There are other kind of dreams too .
Liu says that some of them complain about their love lives .
They just can't find lovers in that environment , so they have to find alternatives :
In some internet cafes — hiding in restaurants outside the factory — young men can buy access to clandestine porn videos .
However , the men say that the movies get boring after long periods of time .
Advertisement
Workers eat in the on -site cafeteria .
Many would n't talk of the suicides .
Others joked about it .
One of the problems may be the lack of communication and friendships between work colleagues .
Many workers do n't even know the names of the people working next to them .
In fact , according to Southern Weekly , the workers find difficult to relate to each other because they are always wearing identical work uniforms and performing the same tasks everyday .
They have no interesting topics to chat about because all they do is work .
If an employee becomes too stressed , they often have no one with which to share their feelings or to approach for help solving their problems .
Advertisement
Click to viewPerhaps the 100 counselors hired by Foxconn will help .
I wish they had movie theaters and shopping malls inside to help them relax .
But , at the end , the most important thing is that Foxconn really needs to be more human and be concerned about the health — mental and physical — of their workers , instead of treating them like dogs .
Chris Chang originally posted about Liu Zhi Yi's Southern Weekly reports on M.I.C. Gadget , a site featuring life , gadgets , and subculture in China .
Rescue
Me is the brand new single from Skepta , who will be looking to capitalise on the recent success of other underground acts such as Tinie Tempah and Roll Deep .
Skepta has been aiming for a top ten hit for a while now with tracks such as Rolex Sweep and Sunglasses , but he may have finally found it with Rescue Me judging from some of the positive comments left on the video above .
Brazil is Latin America 's largest country and the fifth most populous in the world with nearly 193 million people .
Its economy is forecast to grow 6.5 % this year .
A social welfare scheme introduced by President Lula in 2003 has transformed the lives of millions of poor people , although the gap between rich and poor remains high .
WEALTH MAP
Geographically , Brazil 's richest states are located in a strip running along the coast line , where most of its cities and key ports are located .
These states were home to the first European colonialists , and where industry and commerce first flourished .
POPULATION
Brazil 's last census results are from 10 years ago .
Urban centres on the eastern coast have the highest population while rural areas and the Amazon rainforest remain relatively sparsely populated .
The most recent estimate put the total population at 191 million people .
A WELFARE STATE Bolsa Familia translates as " family grant " .
Since it began in 2003 , the scheme has benefited millions of the country 's poorest people .
Payments are usually made to a leading female member of each family .
Families earning less than 140 reais per capita ( $ 73 ) a month receive a monthly payment of 22 reais ( $ 12 ) per child .
Families whose per-capita income is less than 70 reais per month , the program gives an additional flat sum of 68 reais per month .
FUTURE SUPERPOWER ?
Brazil 's perennial title of " country of the future " has become something of a cliche , but its politicians and business leaders are confident that it is on course to become the world 's fifth largest economy by 2026 .
Brazil is often bracketed with India , China and Russia as a grouping of countries developing rapidly and with similar economic potential .
The graph below shows how the IMF forecasts their comparative GDP / Purchasing Power Parity figures could grow over the next five years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Cycle to Work scheme is a great way for UK cyclists to save at least 32 per cent off the cost of a bike and cycling equipment .
Advertisement
It ’s been used by over 1.6 million commuters working for over 40,000 different employers since it was introduced by the government in 1999 to “ promote healthier journeys to work and reduce environmental pollution ” .
Let ’s have a look at how it works , whether you ’re eligible and how you can buy a tax - free bike to cycle to work .
How does the Cycle to Work scheme work ?
Cycling Plus / Robert Smith Photography
In essence , your employer buys a bike for you to ride to work and you ‘ hire ’ it through salary sacrifice ( which is where you save by not paying tax and National Insurance contributions on the monthly fees ) .
At the end of the ‘ hire ’ period , you are usually offered the option to buy the bike from your employer .
In other words , your salary sacrifice is made from your gross salary , not your net salary .
Because it was set up to promote work journeys rather than cycling in general , your employer technically remains the owner of the bike once you finish the hire period .
Everyone knows that in practice the employee is ‘ buying ’ the bike , but that is n’t legally the case until the salary sacrifice ends and the employer ‘ sells ’ the now heavily depreciated equipment to the employee .
How much money will I save on buying the bike ?
That depends on your tax bracket – and of course on the value of the bike and kit you buy .
Since your monthly payments on your bike reduce your gross salary , you ’ll save the tax and National Insurance contributions you ’d pay on that chunk of your pay packet over the term of the Cycle to Work agreement .
So , for a basic rate taxpayer , that will amount to 32 per cent of the purchase price .
For a higher rate taxpayer that increases up to 42 per cent , with the 40 per cent tax rate currently kicking in at £ 50,000 .
In some places , you ’ll see savings of 47 per cent mentioned – but they do n’t kick in until you ’re earning over £ 150,000 .
Cycle to Work calculator – typical savings
Here ’s a table of typical savings for a bike purchase on a Cycle to Work scheme :
If you ’ve got a price in mind and you know your gross salary , there are calculators online , such as that on the Green Commute Initiative ’s site , that will work out indicative numbers .
It ’s worth noting that reducing your gross salary might impact other benefits , such as statutory sick pay and the size of your pension pot , so it ’s a good idea to check these out too .
And you ca n’t take on payments that reduce your salary below the minimum wage .
Plus , you should insure your bike ; if it ’s stolen you ’ll still be liable for the payments .
What happens at the end of the Cycle to Work agreement ?
Technically , you ’ve hired your bike from the scheme for the length of your agreement and you ’ve got a few options at the end of it :
Enter into a new agreement , paying a small deposit to rehire the bike Buy the bike from the scheme Give the bike back
A new agreement might run for different lengths of time , depending on the scheme you ’ve signed up to , but will typically take your usage of the bike up to four or five years .
It ’s worth noting that to buy the bike at the end of the term , under HMRC rules , you need to make a one - off payment to the scheme provider .
The value of this will depend on how long you ’ve been using the bike and its initial value , and uses a sliding scale .
Here ’s a table of the minimum value that HMRC places on a used bike of different ages :
Providers wo n’t usually extend the agreement beyond a specified term .
Even if you keep the bike until it ’s worth zero , you ’ll probably have to make a nominal payment to the provider to assume ownership .
If you leave your employer while the initial Cycle to Work salary sacrifice agreement is still in force , you ’ll need to pay off the balance and usually the depreciated value of the bike too , if you want to keep it .
You have the option to give it back to your ex-employer too .
What schemes are available ?
There are quite a few schemes out there .
Some employers may have signed up with specific schemes , limiting which ones are open to you .
For smaller employers , you should be able to pick which scheme you want to use – talk to your HR department and the bike shop you want to purchase from because they too may have a preference .
Among the most frequently used are Cyclescheme and the Green Commute Initiative ( we ’ve a post here with more details on GCI ) , but other scheme operators include Bike2 Work and Cycle Solutions .
Plus , there are schemes operated by bike retailers such as Halfords , Evans Cycles and Chain Reaction Cycles .
Many direct sales brands such as Canyon are also signed up to one or more schemes .
Is there a price limit for the Cycle to Work scheme ?
Oliver Woodman / Immediate Media
When Cycle to Work started , you were limited to a £ 1,000 spend , but that cap has now been removed by the government and you can spend as much as you like , subject to your employer ’s and scheme provider ’s limits .
That means that electric bikes and pricier models are now within reach .
That change required that providers be registered with the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , which the majority now are .
It ’s something that they have to tell you when you sign up .
Technically , you can also buy two bikes under the scheme : one to get from your home to a station or other public transport , the other to get from there to work .
Where can I buy a bike on Cycle to Work ?
Canyon
Many – if not most – bike shops across the UK offer bikes through a number of different Cycle to Work schemes .
All of these schemes will list participating shops on their website .
If your preferred local shop is registered with multiple schemes , it ’s worth checking which scheme will offer the best deal for you as well as the shop in question – that small consideration will mean a lot to any shop .
A number of consumer - direct and online retailers , including YT and Canyon , also now offer bikes through the Cycle to Work scheme .
You can get a bike from niche providers too , such as Mason Cycles and Temple Cycles , as well as direct - sales ebike specialists such as VanMoof .
Do I have to ride my Cycle to Work bike to the office every day ?
Dan Milner / Immediate Media
Relax , no one is going to be checking up on you to see how often you ’ve ridden it .
Of course , the idea is that it ’s used to “ promote healthier journeys to work and reduce environmental pollution ” , so using it as part of your commute is the obvious goal .
However , there is no scrutiny over the type of bike you buy , so you could very well choose to buy a full - suspension enduro slayer to ride to work on ( and then make sure it still works okay every weekend ) .
Advertisement
Photo by Jed Brandt .
By Jed Brandt , Kathmandu
May 1 , 2010 -- Late into the night , after a long May 1 in Kathmandu : I just left the Radisson Hotel where negotiations had been going on .
Dr Baburam Bhattarai , a top leader of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) and its negotiating team , came out the doors to say that the three negotiating parties have not reached an agreement .
The general strike is on .
Others in attendance at the negotiations included the Congress party and the [ pro- capitalist ] Communist Party of Nepal ( United Marxist Leninist ) .
The hated , isolated current prime minister M.K. Nepal will not resign .
Bhattarai was sharp and direct .
Since they will not make way for a national unity government , the agitation will increase tomorrow with a national general strike to topple the unpopular and unelected government .
A city filled for May 1 and for struggle
The May 1 rally today was well over 500,000 .
It was so large that it overflowed the Martyr ’s Field and stretched for at least a mile to the north and south .
The crowd was so large that it was between 500,000 and a million .
The spirit was jubilant , serious , sober .
The people are ready .
There was a dramatic enactment on stage with dancers showing a conflict between the crowds and murderous forces of repression wielding knives to cut the crowd .
In the skit , people fell as martyrs , were carried away and were then replaceed by victorious surges .
Dancers in army and Armed Police uniforms retreated , and then a performer playing an army officer gave up the national flag to dancers in People 's Liberation Army uniforms , which they held in tandem .
An amazing feeling swept through the crowd — they understood the message .
I wo n’t get photos out tonight .
But soon , folks , soon .
And I will send more reporting .
I have never seen anything like this .
This is what a revolutionary situation looks like .
The Maoists are not going to back down .
The government is stubborn and encouraged by India .
And the people are simply charged .
The claim of reactionaries is that the people are being forced ( or “ coerced ” ) into attending .
It is obviously nonsense , and not just to me .
I spoke with another journalist , who works for a mainstream paper , who described how she had canvassed the crowd talking to one person after another — looking for people who had been pressured into attending .
The protesters were eager to explain why they had come .
These crowds were determined .
And they are prepared for the coming days .
This is a truly remarkable .
I want to note the discipline of the protest .
Concentric rings , coherent contingents , marching in file .
The Young Communist League is out in force and must number around 20,000 in uniform , with tens of thousands more able to work as marshals and so on .
That ’s all I can write now .
The internet is getting cut off .
Warm regards to all the brothers and sisters .
May First !
﻿[ Please return for updates , or visit jedbrandt.net .
Jed Brandt is a US reporter writing from Nepal .
His reports and photographs appear on jedbrandt.
net .
He is a participant of the Kasama Project .
Posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Jed Brandt 's permission . ]
A group of New York & Los Angeles based Fangirls ( and a couple boys ) in their early twenties , who are and / or work with various professionals in the genre world , write about the things they love ... and hate .
Specializing in opinions , recommendations & commentary with some exclusive access thrown in , we 're where to come to hear what the Fangirls really think .
Film / Television Specialist : LoquaciousMuse Comics / Video Games Specialist : EruditeChick Music / Theater / Lit Specialist : Castling Contributers :
The Apple - Nokia patent fight carries on , this time with Nokia extending its complaints to Apple 's gadget du jour , the iPad .
Nokia filed a lawsuit in a Wisconsin federal court on Friday , asserting that Apple 's iPhone and iPad 3G infringe on five patents that cover a broad range of technologies .
Nokia claims that Apple 's products , including the iPad WiFi + 3G , are using Nokia IP related to enhanced speech and data transmission , the use of positioning data in applications , and compact , increased - performance antenna designs .
This complaint follows multiple suits filed by Nokia in recent months , all of which concern Apple 's use of various technologies that Nokia claims patents on .
These include 3G , 2G , and WiFi networking , built - in cameras , click wheels , and some more complex technologies like a " programmable voltage - controlled oscillator . "
Apple countersued Nokia in January , claiming that Nokia phones infringe on 13 Apple patents .
Nokia responed by asking that the countersuit be dismissed .
The ITC is also investigating the whole IP mess , and the suits are unlikely to go to trial before 2012 .
Analysts have noted that Nokia likely just wants royalty payments from iPhone ( and now iPad ) sales , rather than a full injunction .
This would afford Nokia a 1 to 2 percent cut from each sale , or about $ 6 - 12 per iPhone and $ 10 - 17 per iPad .
On that point , so far , Apple has n't budged .
Although the British stopped using the past participle gotten about three hundred years ago , the American colonists and their descendants -- especially in New England - - still tend to use it .
Some English teachers have tried to ban its usage to make American English conform to British English , especially during the nineteenth and early twentieth century when there was a movement to purify English .
Others are just not used to its use because it is not used in their region and hear it as an error .
Ultimately , language is convention .
If you are writing for a formal audience outside of New England , you might want to use the simple past form got instead .
It is like the dictum to never end a sentence with a preposition because that is something some people just will not put - - ummm - - up with which some people just will not put !
Yes .
For example : " Since I last saw you , you have gotten big ! "
Gotten is correct , and very old .
In England many people wrongly assume that gotten is a modern Americanism , but the truth is the English more - or - less stopped using it , and have forgotten (! ) that they used to use it .
That said , " gotten " is n't good English .
In most cases other , more precise and meaningful words should be used in its place .
While " have got " sounds wrong to American ears , " have gotten " can usually be replaced by " have become " , and " have been able to " or " have had the chance / opportunity to " would make better sense in other situations .
" You would have got along with him " is proper English .
Lane Kiffin 's meteoric rise in the football coaching ranks is well documented .
At age 35 , he 's the head coach at USC -- after serving in the same capacity with the University of Tennessee and the Oakland Raiders .
Now comes a report on HBO 's " Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel " that Kiffin makes $ 4 million annually , a figure comparable to the salaries of Texas ' Mack Brown , Alabama 's Nick Saban , Florida 's Urban Meyer , LSU 's Les Miles and Oklahoma 's Bob Stoops .
Although a USC source refutes the report , Page 2 thinks Kiffin would be a bargain at $ 4 million per year .
Why ?
Because our dubious network of sources has uncovered the incredibly persuasive PowerPoint presentation agent Jimmy Sexton used to sell USC on Kiffin .
Illustration by Kurt Snibbe .
Page 2 editor Thomas Neumann contributed to this article .
Bomani Jones contributes to Page 2 and hosts " The Morning Jones " from 7 - 10 a.m. on Sirius channel 98 , Hardcore Sports Radio .
Back to Page 2
NEWARK , Del. ( Reuters ) -
At first glance , the Toyota Scion sitting in the University of Delaware parking lot looks like a normal boxy car .
University of Delaware Professor Willett Kempton lowers the hood of an electric - powered Toyota Scion near his office at the university in Newark , Delaware , March 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Tim Shaffer
But a second look shows it lacks a tailpipe , and has an electrical outlet set into the grille below the hood .
Inside , the Scion ’s identity as an electric car is revealed by the lack of a fuel gauge , and by a dashboard display showing that it has used 54.3 kilowatt hours to drive 210 miles .
But this is no ordinary electric car because , in addition to recharging its battery when not being driven , it also gives power back to the grid .
Professor Willett Kempton , who is leading the university ’s Vehicle to Grid ( V2G ) program , believes electric car batteries will represent a vast , reliable source of energy for the grid in a future when the national power supply will increasingly rely on renewable but fluctuating sources like sun and wind .
“ Because in future , electricity will come more and more from sources that fluctuate , we need some form of storage that can reliably supply the grid , and electric car batteries are the most cost - effective form of that , ” he said .
One typical electric car can put out more than 10 kilowatts , the average draw of 10 houses , according to university researchers , and the power is readily available , since cars are idle on average for 95 percent of each day .
GIVING BACK TO THE GRID
Since 1997 the V2G program has been promoting the idea that electric or hybrid vehicles , if widely adopted , could give back to the grid during the many hours when they are not being driven .
With three converted Scions now in service and using V2G technology , and another four owned by the state of Delaware , the Center for Carbon - free Power Integration is proving not only that the vehicles are contributing energy to the national grid but also that the owner gets paid for his or her contributions .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
On a laptop in his office , Kempton points to a display showing real - time data on the charging status of five V2G vehicles , including the power that each has put back into the grid , and the money that contribution has earned .
During March 1 to 25 , one of the vehicles had earned $ 143.53 for the university from PJM , the local grid operator .
A key to the program is a cable that can transmit power to or from the car , and which is connected in a campus parking lot from the radiator grille outlet to a socket that looks like a recreational vehicle hook - up .
In the ideal world of V2G , such hook - ups would be commonplace at highway rest stops or parking lots where electric - vehicle drivers can recharge .
Overnight , a fully - charged battery can give back to the grid .
Auto Port Inc. of Wilmington installs the V2G technology in the Scions .
The power needs of both the battery and the grid at any moment are determined via an internet signal carried down the connector , allowing each end to communicate with the other , Kempton said .
To help lay the groundwork for V2G in Delaware , the state passed a 2009 law - the first of its kind in the world -- requiring utilities to compensate electric car owners for power sent back to the grid at the same rate they pay to charge the battery .
At a current cost of about $ 75,000 per Scion - including V2G conversion and the basic car -- the vehicles are beyond the reach of most drivers .
But Kempton argues that costs will fall as production increases .
With all costs optimized , a V2G car should eventually sell for $ 3,000 - $ 5,000 more than an equivalent gasoline model , he said .
Kempton boosts his vision with a prediction that most U.S. cars will be hybrid or pure electric in 30 years ’ time because of the rising cost of gasoline .
“ There ’s not going to be enough oil , and China is going to buy it all , ” he said .
A coalition of music groups has announced that its members will boycott all performances in Arizona to protest a tough new anti-immigration law there , and it has urged fans to sign a petition demanding the revocation of the legislation , which it calls “ an assault on the U.S. Constitution . ”
The campaign , called the Sound Strike , has been organized by Zack de la Rocha , the lead singer of the rap metal band Rage Against the Machine , and is endorsed by English - language rock and rap performers like Massive Attack , Kanye West , Conor Oberst , Sonic Youth and Joe Satriani .
But the signatories also include Spanish - speaking reggaetón artists and Los Tigres del Norte , perhaps the most popular and influential exponent of Mexican regional music in the United States .
Image Zack de la Rocha is leading an Arizona boycott .
Credit ... Ethan Miller / Getty Images
In an open letter initiating the campaign , Mr. de la Rocha , whose father is Mexican - American , wrote , “ Fans of our music , our stories , our films and our words can be pulled over and harassed every day because they are brown or black , or for the way they speak , or for the music they listen to . ”
He added , “ Some of us grew up dealing with racial profiling , but this law ( SB 1070 ) takes it to a whole new low . ”
The veiled racism I sense in the United States today is couched , in public discourse at least , in terms that allow for plausible deniability of racist intent .
And those who resist any policy initiative from the Obama administration engage in a scorched - earth policy that reminds me of the self - centered white flight , the abandonment of public schools , and the proliferation of private schools , that followed the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision to desegregate public schools .
The very people , like my own rural , working - class family back in East Texas , who stand to gain from the efforts of the Obama administration and the Democratic Congress are , because of their racism , willing to oppose policies that would benefit them the most .
Their racism outweighs their own self - interest .
Smith Commission , Acrylic on canvas , 62 x 62 " Sex Hookups
This website in the future will have information regarding the best hookup apps like Adult Adventurers where you can sign up to , and start getting laid quick !!
We hope to keep you onside and would ask if you would subscribe to our newsletter .
By joining up to SexSites.co.za , you can find sex in South Africa for free .
This is the best dating apps for teens to use , so join now and start fucking .
When using sites like Backpage , people used to love how simple it was .
With that now dead , people have moved on to using apps like AdultDating - Personals.com - which is the best sex personals alternative you can find on the internet right now .
They have a list of 15 apps you can try and Buzz Buzz Buzz see how easy it is to find sex .
We recommend you try the free membership reviews first .
Dating Apps for Free
If hooking up is your thing , you can find them now at FuckSites.
co.uk - one of the newest app made for hooking up now .
By becoming a full member , you have all the features and it makes life easy when meeting new girls .
Free sign up now !
Survivalism in the Suburbs
Despite humanity surviving and thriving for thousands of years using commodity currencies the fiat currency proponents have effectively marshaled the press and academia to equate those in favor of a commodity currency with those counting down to Armageddon .
When looking back through the corridors of history one lesson is clear from humanity ’s experience : at all times and in all circumstances gold and silver remained money .
After fiat currency debacles that resulted in self - inflicted financial and economic wounds it was the individuals with the foresight to store tangible assets that were able to provide the capital for humanity to do what they have always done : rebuild .
Therefore , those in favor of a commodity currency who store tangible assets are the optimists .
Commodity currency advocates are neither ‘ doom and gloomers ’ nor vampiric fatalistic fiat currency disciples who will be vaporized by a rising golden sun .
Those in favor of a commodity currency who store tangible assets realize that the earth rotates , the sun rises and the ages turn .
As the night shifts to day life will go on with breakfast being cooked and eaten .
The issue is who will do the cooking and who will do the eating .
Strategic Relocation
Shortly before Memorial Day I received an interesting , if not unanswerable , question from a reader : “ Would you recommend a place to live in the Montana to Colorado area that will have minimal economical damage ? ”
The principle of human action holds that every individual derives utility according to their own preferences resulting in a subjective perception for determining value and price .
I hate cold weather .
Being trained in the law I am often accused of being cold - blooded but the reality is that I am just a desert rat .
While preparation expert Joel Skousen , author of Strategic Relocation , may consider Montana or Nebraska attractive locals I have about the same desire to live in Montana or Nebraska as I have for eating sauteed rats in South Korea .
Nevertheless , I know people who love living in Montana and others who find sauteed rat a delicacy .
Everyone has their own individual preferences based on their human action .
Preparation
A motto I have tried to implement is : Be prepared .
Often the first step is to assess the environment and circumstances .
There is an infinity of scenarios that can play out .
The key is being able to assess what is possible and its probability of occurring .
Sure , a metorite could come hurling out of left field and destroy your car , or the earth for that matter , but the probability is extremely low .
Even if I did purchase meteorite insurance I would still bear the counter - party risk .
Therefore , I have chosen to forgo meteorite insurance .
Nevertheless , I would not be surprised if a few of my extremely conservative readers did purchase meteorite insurance and maybe even additional reinsurance .
Everyone has their subjective preferences .
Mental Calculations of Value
The use of fiat currency has greatly retarded the ability of the general populace to performance mental calculations of value .
These fiat currency illusions are like using the term ‘ foot ’ or ‘ feet ’ to perform mental calculations of distance when constructing a building but having either no definition of inches or conflicting definitions of inches .
Let us assume plans were drawn up for a building with a 7 foot door within a 10 foot wall .
However , the definition of feet when used for the door was 24 inches per foot and when used for the wall it was 6 inches per foot .
Can you imagine the resulting chaotic structure ?
But that is precisely the problem most individuals and financial professionals have found themselves in .
As a result most people can neither accurately appraise the economic environment nor make accurate assessments of the possible events and their probability of occurrence .
Suburban Survivalists
Yahoo Finance !
reported that a new trend is coming out of chaotic California : ‘ Crisis spurs spike in ‘ suburban survivalists ’ .
“ Six months ago , Jim Wiseman did n’t even have a spare nutrition bar in his kitchen cabinet .
Now , the 54 - year - old businessman and father of five has a backup generator , a water filter , a grain mill and a 4 - foot - tall pile of emergency food tucked in his home in the expensive San Diego suburb of La Jolla . ”
I find Mr. Wiseman ’s tale of ‘ spending roughly $ 20,000 since September on survival gear ’ rather ironic on multiple levels .
First is his name .
Second is that he is a ‘ fire protection contractor ’ so it appears that he is in the risk management business .
Third is how he has approached the performance of these mental calculations of value .
Surprisingly Professor Markman does hit on a key issue when he says , “ We have no real causal understanding of the way our world works at all ” .
Complex Systems
A few years ago I was touring a Wal - Mart store with its general manager .
He showed me all around , how the trucks were packed and explained the Just - In - Time computer system that automatically managed the inventory to make sure that just the right amount of goods arrived at the stores at just the right time .
After all , this helped reduce inventory which freed up cash and made the company more profitable .
Also a few years ago at a lunch I had a discussion with Kevin Rollins , former President and CEO of Dell Computers , about inventory management .
His statement still sticks in my mind about measuring inventory turnover not in days but hours .
Tremendous innovations in supply chain management have taken place over the last decade .
Companies and their inventory are leaner than ever which conserves their cash and supposedly increases profitability .
But sometimes a black swan flies in , disrupts the system and chaos in sues .
Other times it is a gaggle of black swans .
Simple Preparation
If Mr. Wiseman really needs his various preparations then what would the probability be that the area he is in is experiencing massive civil unrest , supply chain disruptions , gang warfare and a host of other undesirable effects ?
Often when thinking of disaster preparation people get a little extreme , do not accurately assess the probability of events , focus on fairly immaterial questions like how to buy gold or silver and neglect the more important issues .
When considering physical preparation I think the best insurance is a three month supply of food and a 72 hour kit .
The kit should be extremely portable such as a backpack which may be quickly taken in the automobile should there be a need to evacuate .
The food storage is a great hedge against inflation , insurance that you can eat which is not subject to counter - party risk , protection against potential supply chain disruptions such as the recent swine flu advertising campaign , and relatively cheap .
Food storage is a form of savings and procuring a three month supply of food may cost only a few hundred FRN$s .
Many of the economic establishment has an insane belief that savings can be too high and often berate China for their high savings rate .
The savings rate can never be too high .
For example , an individual can never have too much food .
But many negative effects , such as death , result from having too little food .
Therefore I would rather bear the risks from having too much food such as spoilage , etc. than any of the effects from having too little food .
After all , the body measures food and water inventory in hours not days .
To reduce the cost of having excess food therefore I follow the principle of storing what I eat and eating what I store .
Many , such as billionaires Eric Sprott and Richard Rainwater , find the Peak Oil theory persuasive and foresee a long emergency .
Sure , there are additional preparations you can make such as opening a free GoldMoney account where you can begin using gold or silver in ordinary daily transactions , procuring a shotgun or Glock 9 mm , storing a year or two of food , spending hundreds of thousands or millions of FRN$s on a ranch in a remote location , etc .
For those interested , I address the principles for a comprehensive strategy in chapter 6 of The Great Credit Contraction for dealing with the current environment to protect , preserve and grow one ’s wealth .
Conclusion
Using gold to perform mental calculations of value is extremely important in determining how to profitably allocate capital .
The current worldwide monetary system is based on a rapidly evaporating illusion .
The FRN $ system is facing intense pressure which is resulting in many undesirable consequences .
Being able to assess possible events and discern their probability is becoming increasingly important .
Our current society functions because of complex systems and they can easily be disrupted .
Preparation to hedge against these uncertainties can cost anywhere from a few hundred FRN$s or become a black hole for capital and time .
Having a three month supply of food and a 72 hour kit will provide protection against the vast majority of probable scenarios .
The Great Credit Contraction has only begun and the landscape is changing at a rapid pace .
Are you prepared ?
You may even consider taking a survivalism course .
To benefit other readers please leave you questions or suggestions in the comments .
Regards ,
Trace Mayer , RunToGold.com
for Whiskey & Gunpowder
March 31 , 2010
Democratic U.S. senator Chuck Schumer sent a letter to some of his LGBT constituents in New York signaling that comprehensive immigration reform would include a provision for LGBT families .
“ The failure to recognize permanent partners in the application for legal permanent residency is a major concern for many Americans , ” reads the letter , which was obtained by Immigration Equality .
Schumer then reiterates his support for the Uniting American Families Act , which would allow U.S. citizens and green card holders to sponsor their same - sex partners for permanent residency .
“ I support this principle of immigration reform , ” he writes , “ and I am working on introducing a comprehensive package that would address this issue along with a host of immigration issues , ”
The full text of the letter is below :
Thank you for contacting me to express your support for the Uniting American Families Act of 2009 .
I agree that our immigration system is in serious need of reform and I am currently working with my colleagues in both parties to devise a Comprehensive Immigration Reform bill that would effectively address the many flaws that exist today .
The failure to recognize permanent partners in the application for legal permanent residency is a major concern for many Americans .
I share this concern and am a cosponsor of the Uniting American Families Act of 2009 , which would amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to permit permanent partners of United States citizens and lawful permanent residents to obtain lawful permanent resident status in the same manner as spouses of citizens and lawful permanent residents .
I support this principle of immigration reform and I am working on introducing a comprehensive package that would address this issue along with a host of immigration issues , including a pathway to legalization , the future flow of immigrants and border enforcement measures .
At this time , I believe that the only way to pass meaningful and effective immigration reform is through a comprehensive bill , not through piecemeal legislation .
The successful design and passage of this bill would be a watershed in how we deal with all aspects of immigration in this country and I am committed to fair and comprehensive reform which is necessary to rectify the many deficiencies and weaknesses of our immigration system .
Again , thank you for taking the time to share your views about this important issue .
Please do not hesitate to contact me
If I can be of further assistance on this , or any other matter .
Sincerely ,
Charles E. Schumer
United States Senator
Schwam - Wilcox & Associates is committed to assisting our clients during this very difficult time .
With the Coronavirus affecting our community , we want our clients to know that we are still here for them .
We are working remotely , having zoom meetings , and participating in zoom calls as the attorney of record and as a mediator .
We are answering all of your calls , reviewing and responding to all of your e-mail messages and even doing new consultations via phone or zoom .
We are equipped to assist you during this unique time .
There are so many things you need to worry about and deal with right now , you can rest assured that we are still your legal support and we are working diligently on your case .
If you have questions regarding your case , we have answers .
We are engaged in virtual hearings with the court and we are actively rescheduling any dates that are cancelled by the court .
While we continue to work our regular hours of 9 AM to 5 PM , the physical office is closed , so please call us , instead of stopping by any of our locations .
In addition , we are still committed to helping our clients that cannot meet with us or speak to us during regular business hours .
If you need after hour appointments via phone , we are still taking those calls to accommodate our clients .
When you ’re going through your worst , we are at our Best !
Doing
Hajj or pilgrimage to muslim ’s holy land of Mecca is the greatest desire for all Muslims around the world , where the pilgrimage is the ultimate worship that will bring people closer to Allah , the Almighty .
These collection of old photos by National Geography July 1953 illustrate how the state of Mecca during pilgrimage in 1953 .
Compare to 1953 , do you think the modern city Mecca still has its original charm in spite of the tall buildings around Ka’aba ?
I say yes .
Thumbs up !
[ ad # Google Adsense 336×280 Home + Posts ]
MOST POPULAR THIS MONTH : Legendary Paths , the Pilgrimage of the 88 Temples of …
Category : Featured , Headline , Middle East
Microsoft offers support for its products for five years and extended support for anot her five years .
That time will soon be up for Windows 2000 ( desktop and server ) and Windows XP SP2 : July 13 is the last day that extended support will be available .
According to Microsoft , self - help online support ( such as Microsoft online Knowledge Base articles , FAQs , troubleshooting tools , and other resources ) will be available for at least a year longer .
But paid support , support assistance , and security updates will be discontinued on July 13 .
[ Get all the details you need on deploying and using Windows 7 in the InfoWorld editors ' 21 - page Windows 7 Deep Dive PDF special report .
|
And subscribe today to InfoWorld 's Technology : Windows newsletter . ]
If you 're using Windows 2000 , you 'll need to migrate to a more recent version of Windows -- or live with the lack of support from Microsoft .
Microsoft has a Windows 2000 End - of - Support Center with advice on migrating to Windows 7 ( for desktops ) or Windows Server 2003 , 2008 , or 2008 R2 ( for servers ) .
If you 're using Windows XP SP2 or earlier , there 's a free and easy way to continue to get Microsoft support :
Simply upgrade to SP3 , which you can do via Internet Explorer 's Windows Update utility .
Or use the end - of - support date as the incentive to migrate to Windows 7 , which many businesses are now doing .
Note that if you 're using Windows Vista with no service packs installed , Microsoft support ended on April 13 , but you can upgrade for free to SP2 for continued support .
This article , " Microsoft to end support for Windows 2000 , XP SP2 on July 13 , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Follow the latest developments in business technology news and get a digest of the key stories each day in the InfoWorld Daily newsletter and on your mobile device at infoworldmobile.com .
Read more about windows in InfoWorld 's Windows Channel .
This story , " Microsoft Drops Windows 2000 , XP SP2 in July " was originally published by InfoWorld .
Republican Sen. Scott Brown won 65 percent of Massachusetts independents by emphasizing fiscal issues and playing down social ones .
Libertarians lead the way
Who are these centrist , independent - minded voters who swung the elections in Virginia , New Jersey and Massachusetts to Republican candidates and are likely to be crucial in races this fall ?
Political analysts are searching for a name .
They have tried “ tea partier , ” “ populist , ” “ conservative , ” even “ strange and unpredictable . ”
Advertisement
None of these fits , however .
These voters are neither populist nor conservative .
But many may be libertarian — fiscally conservative but socially liberal or tolerant .
A careful look at polling data shows these voters may be less mysterious than analysts think .
Libertarians seem to be a leading indicator of this trend in centrist , independent - minded voters , based on an analysis of many years of polling data .
We estimate that libertarians compose from 14 percent to 23 percent of voters nationally .
They are among the few real swing voters in U.S. politics .
Libertarian voters are often torn between their aversion to the Republicans ’ social conservatism and the Democrats ’ fiscal irresponsibility .
These days , they are angry about spending , deficits and government takeovers — but less motivated by social issues .
Libertarians are slightly more likely to be male , white , independent and moderate than the general public .
In the past , libertarians often voted Republican as often as 70 percent of the time .
But through the Bush years , Republicans expanded entitlements and spent taxpayers ’ money faster than Democrats .
This gave libertarians less reason to stick with them .
In fact , polls in 2004 and 2006 showed libertarian voters moving toward the Democrats .
They may well have cost Republicans control of Congress .
But then , according to our new data , libertarians voted against Barack Obama in 2008 .
They feared the combination of a Democratic president and a Democratic Congress in a time of financial crisis .
Massachusetts polls confirmed this libertarian shift among independents .
A Washington Post - Kaiser Family Foundation - Harvard University poll found that Scott Brown won 65 percent of independents to Martha Coakley ’s 34 percent , just 14 months after Obama carried 57 percent of Massachusetts independents .
In addition , 63 percent of 2008 Massachusetts voters agreed that government should do more to solve problems .
That number was down to 50 percent in the January special election — with 47 percent saying government is doing too many things better left to businesses and individuals .
Most libertarians voted Republican in 2008 .
But younger libertarians joined other young voters in supporting Obama .
This had shifted by the special election , however .
A POLITICO / Insider Advantage poll showed Brown leading among voters younger than 30 by 61 percent to 30 percent .
In contrast , the 2008 exit poll showed 18 - to - 29 - year - olds in Massachusetts voting for Obama 78 percent to 20 percent .
Though Brown is no libertarian , he made arguments that could appeal to them .
Most notably , he campaigned against health care reform and tax increases .
Brown argued that he’d be among the Senate opposition to the current governing agenda .
But he played down social issues — his positions on abortion and gay marriage were more moderate than those of most Republicans elsewhere .
Of course , many local issues figured prominently — from corruption on Beacon Hill to his opponent ’s poor campaign .
But in many ways , Brown ’s campaign copied the winning strategy of Bob McDonnell in the race for Virginia governor — emphasizing fiscal issues and playing down social ones .
This would appeal to libertarian voters .
So , if many of these centrist , independent voters are indeed libertarians , why are n’t libertarians better recognized ?
First , the word “ libertarian ” is still unfamiliar — even to many who hold “ fiscally conservative , socially liberal ” views .
Pollsters rarely use it .
So in polls , many libertarians call themselves “ conservative , ” “ independent ” or “ moderate ” — making it hard for analysts to recognize them .
In states such as Massachusetts , many of these voters likely call themselves Democrats — but do n’t always vote that way .
For example , Massachusetts voters elected Republicans to the governor ’s mansion for 16 years before Democrat Deval Patrick ’s election in 2006 .
Second , libertarian voters have traditionally been less likely to organize .
In the past three years , however , libertarians have become a more visible , organized force in politics — particularly as campaigns move online .
Ron Paul ’s campaign demonstrated that libertarians can organize and raise large sums of money on the Internet .
Meanwhile , tea party protests showed that libertarian - inspired anger can boil over into spontaneous , nationwide rallies .
On Sept. 12 , 2009 , more than 100,000 people marched on Washington to protest federal spending and the growth of government — many carrying nerdy , libertarian - inspired signs such as “ I Am John Galt , ” referring to the protagonist of Ayn Rand ’s “ Atlas Shrugged . ”
Libertarians are emerging as a force within U.S. politics .
While political leaders such as Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee and media stars like Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh are icons to a “ conservative base , ” it is not yet clear what political leaders might represent these libertarian voters .
But with candidates working to capitalize on voter angst in the 2010 midterms , there are sure to be many politicians angling to lead this libertarian vote .
The 1994 GOP sweep of congressional elections was dubbed the “ Republican Revolution . ”
If Republicans make big gains in 2010 with libertarian votes , we could be hearing about a “ libertarian revolution . ”
David Kirby is an associate policy analyst , and David Boaz is executive vice president , at the Cato Institute .
They are co-authors of the new study “ The Libertarian Vote in the Age of Obama . ”
When putting money in your bank account , have you ever wondered “ what is your bank doing with your deposit ? ”
Does it go in a vault somewhere , and someday , you can pull that exact dollar back out ?
Not exactly .
When a person deposits money into their bank account , the bank can then lend other people that money .
The depositing customer gains a small amount of money in return ( interest on deposits ) , and the lending customer pays a larger amount of money to the bank in return ( interest on loans ) .
To make money for itself , the bank keeps the difference .
It can be quite difficult to understand banking , since banks are complex and very different from most other businesses .
Part of this is because it can be hard to understand what banks actually do , since they do n’t make any physical products .
In fact , a lot of people seem to think that banking is “ free ” , probably because banks keep advertising free checking accounts , free direct deposit , free budgeting features , etc .
So how do banks actually work , and what does any of that have to do with you ?
Here ’s what you need to know .
The 3 - 6 - 3 rule
To fully understand how banks in the US make money , you need to understand a little about the history of US banking .
Traditionally , banks made money by borrowing from depositors at low interest rates , lending that money at higher interest rates to borrowers , and pocketing the difference .
Banking used to be heavily regulated , and the joke was that it was a 3 - 6 - 3 business ; borrow money at 3 % , lend it at 6 % , and be at the golf course by 3 pm .
Most banks also charged a monthly fee to customers for maintaining a basic account .
But , overall , service fees were low , constituting around 10 % of total revenues .
The Impact of Deregulation
The wave of deregulation , beginning in the late 70s , changed this relationship .
Main street companies discovered that they could borrow from the bond markets more cheaply than they could from banks , putting the “ 6 ” part of the 3 - 6 - 3 model under pressure .
And lots of new consumer products such as interest - bearing checking accounts , credit cards , money market accounts , home equity loans , student loans , etc. became available .
Banking became a lot more complicated , so bankers could n’t just head to the golf course at 3 pm anymore .
Two things ended up happening : banks realized that the bigger they were , the more loans they could make .
With deregulation , the big banks grew even bigger by acquiring smaller banks .
Banks also realized that an easy way to make more money was to simply charge consumers more fees .
How Banks Make Money
There are three main sources of revenue in retail banking today :
Net interest margin :
This is the difference , or “ net ” , between the interest paid to depositors and the interest received from borrowers .
At the moment ( April 2020 ) , the Fed ’s low interest rate policy means that although depositors get almost no money for their savings , bank interest margins are also suffering as banks are unable to lend money out at a higher rate due to the low interest rate environment .
Many large US banks are making margins around 3 % , which , although on par with the 3 % from the good old days of the 3 - 6 - 3 rule , constitutes much less revenue for banks as a result of deregulation and increased competition over the years .
: This is the difference , or “ net ” , between the interest paid to depositors and the interest received from borrowers .
At the moment ( April 2020 ) , the Fed ’s low interest rate policy means that although depositors get almost no money for their savings , bank interest margins are also suffering as banks are unable to lend money out at a higher rate due to the low interest rate environment .
Many large US banks are making margins around 3 % , which , although on par with the 3 % from the good old days of the 3 - 6 - 3 rule , constitutes much less revenue for banks as a result of deregulation and increased competition over the years .
Interchange : Every time you swipe a card at a store , the merchant pays a small percentage of the money to the bank that issued the card , called an interchange fee .
For credit cards this is around 1.8 % , while for debit cards it is nearer to 0.3 % .
Given that Americans spend more than they save , it is a huge revenue stream for banks .
: Every time you swipe a card at a store , the merchant pays a small percentage of the money to the bank that issued the card , called an interchange fee .
For credit cards this is around 1.8 % , while for debit cards it is nearer to 0.3 % .
Given that Americans spend more than they save , it is a huge revenue stream for banks .
Fees :
These are the fees that your bank charges you , including ATM fees , overdraft fees , late payment fees , penalty fees , etc .
Costs of Banking
There are a lot of costs associated with maintaining a bank .
Maintaining security systems , marketing products , running ATM networks , and staffing call centers .
However , all of those are dwarfed by the cost of maintaining physical branches , which account for the majority of bank ’s costs .
Companies that offer online - only , or branchless banking ( like Simple ! ) , are able to maintain lower operating costs and spend their revenue in more customer - friendly ways .
The Bottom Line
After the economic banking crisis of 2008 - 2009 , a handful of banks now dominate the market .
At their scale , basic retail banking is immensely profitable — but are the big banks the best choice for the consumer ?
That depends .
When choosing a bank , you want to have a clear understanding of how the bank makes money and impacts you :
Does it charge activation or monthly maintenance fees ?
Does it ding you for making too many withdrawals , or for transferring money from your savings to checking ?
At Simple , we believe your money is your money , and you should be able to access it whenever you want .
That ’s why , Simple does n’t charge hidden fees or allow overdrafts .
We make most of our money in two ways : the interest margin - the difference between the amount of interest made on loans , and the amount of interest paid to customers for balances .
And , when you swipe your debit card , the merchant pays a service fee ( called interchange ) to the issuing bank .
That ’s it .
We only make money when our customers use and love their accounts .
Lost executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse .
Art Streiber
In 2004 , ABC called on producer J.J. Abrams to create a prime - time drama that capitalized on the success of Survivor : something tropical , Cast Away-ish , and closer to Lord of the Flies than Gilligan 's Island .
Oh , they asked , and could you make it a towering , mainstream megahit , please ?
What executives got from the guy best known for a brainy college soap ( Felicity ) and an even brainier spy soap ( Alias ) was Lost , a fiendishly obscure , cast - of - thousands epic about ... well ... to say it 's about people on a magic island is selling it short .
To say it 's about Everything — which its adherents swear it is — is a bit grandiose .
So let 's just say it 's about destiny .
And metaphysics .
And quantum physics .
And leadership , torture , time travel , synchronicity , Skinner boxes , geodesic domes , polar bears , doomsday equations , comic books , the Casimir effect , and the no-less - potent Cass Elliot effect .
It was weird .
Even weirder :
It was a hit .
A towering , mainstream megahit .
You'd think a show like this could happen only in some alternate television universe .
Maybe so .
Maybe for the past six years we 've been living in that universe .
That would be so Lost .
The series endured thanks to the power of faith ( coincidentally , a theme of the show ) and a more modern expression of devotion — fandom .
More to the point , faith in fandom : Lost 's producers never stopped trusting their viewers ' intelligence .
Pressed for answers ( which , let 's be frank , they probably did n't have ) , the high priests of Lost instead delivered deeper mysteries .
Queried about the flashbacks , they responded by flashing forward and even sideways into a parallel world .
They sowed the Web with the show 's sprawling mythology .
They borrowed liberally and respectfully from science fiction and comic books .
They understood that Lost , like God , would live in the cloud , kept alive by the theorizing and communing of its acolytes .
When Lost leaves the airwaves on May 23 , its creators have pledged never to speak of it again .
It 's for the best .
That 's why we 're stopping time here and making that fidgety , spatiotemporally promiscuous island sit still long enough for us to plumb and pay tribute to its mysteries .
Once more into the hatch !
— Scott Brown
The Cargo
Lost begins as Oceanic Airlines flight 815 from Sydney to Los Angeles breaks up over the Pacific .
Here is what 's recovered from that Boeing 777-300 ER . — Nick Veronin
324 Passengers
1 Yellow labrador retriever
1 Dog leash
1 Plane manifest
1 Life raft
Electrical wire
1 Fire extinguisher
1 Transceiver
1 Screwdriver
1 Roll of electrical tape
3 Electronic components
1 Circuit board
2 Metal basins
1 Beverage cart
1 Metal bowl
4 Rolls of toilet paper
20 Seat cushions
3 Blankets
1 Pillow
1 Pair of Scissors
Plastic tubing
10 Tarps
6 Flashlights
1 Compass
2 Nets
2 Rolls of medical tape
2 Zippo lighters
4 Bic lighters
3 Yards of Twine
6 4 x 4 - inch squares of gauze
10 Ace bandages
30 Yards of Rope
1 Ax
1 Pair of handcuffs
3 Bottle rockets
5 Guns
2 Boxes of ammunition
11 Backpacks
1 Fanny pack
1 Laptop
2 Toiletry kits
1 Sewing kit
1 Tube of sunblock
1 Straight razor
1 Wheelchair
2 Bottles of antacid
1 Bottle of isopropyl alcohol
1 Asthma inhaler
3 bottles of hydrogen peroxide
10 medications
2 Cartons of Bilson cigarettes
1 bag of heroin
1 Bottle of bug repellent
1 Pregnancy test
9 books
4 pens
5 notebooks / diaries
Diapers
2 Pairs of sunglasses
15 Pairs of eyeglasses
1 coffin
27 Bottles of water
8 airline meals
1 Apollo Candy bar
7 sets of plastic utensils
1 Coffee pot
9 coffee cups
1 bag of Coffee
Tea
9 Knives
3 Ice chests
16 mini bottles of alcohol
1 bottle of MacCutcheon Scotch
1 750 - ml bottle of Maker 's Mark bourbon
1 Green lantern comic book ( en espanõl )
6 magazines
1 guitar
1 bass
1 Backgammon set
1 portable cd player
2 pairs of headphones
1 The Best of Phil Collins cassette
1 Tennis ball
1 Toy airplane
1 set of golf clubs
7 Children 's dolls
$ 8 million worth of diamonds
The Island Paradox
How will the series end ?
What do the numbers mean ?
And what 's the deal with Libby ?
Lost executive producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof are n't telling .
They were , however , happy to sit down with theoretical physicist ( and Lost fan ) Sean Carroll , author of From Eternity to Here , to talk time travel and the universe — and to reveal the link between Lost and Chuck E. Cheese .
Wired : I turned on the first episode of Lost thinking , OK , there 's an island , a plane crash , some pretty people , and J.J. Abrams .
Six years later I 'm addicted to a full - blown science fiction show .
How the hell did that happen ?
Carlton Cuse :
At the beginning the secret was that the show did n't announce itself as a genre show , so it could be about the characters .
The audience got invested in the characters first and the mythology second .
We were criticized for not having the characters talk about the mythology , and we were like , " That 's right , that 's our dirty little secret . "
By not having the audience talk about the mythology , then people are engaged in : " Is Kate going to end up with Sawyer ? " and " I 'm really compelled by the complexities of Benjamin Linus . "
Those are the things we wanted the audience to obsess about , not whether the Valenzetti equation had any relevance to the functioning of the island 's magical time travel properties .
Sean Carroll :
The science fiction allowed you to raise the stakes gradually over a period of time .
It would have been hard to have a six - year show about people marooned on an island without science fiction elements .
Damon Lindelof : Impossible .
Cuse :
It would have been a very boring show in our estimation .
Carroll :
How much of what we 're learning now in season six was figured out in the first season , versus , say , a month ago ?
Lindelof :
There 's no empirical answer to that question .
The way we got through the first season was , if we introduced a mystery , like a polar bear running through the jungle , or a hatch that was discovered in the ground , we had to know what the resolution of that specific mystery was .
And in the episode - to - episode writing of the show there 's an enormous amount of discovery .
I think one of the most profound lessons I 've learned over time as a show runner is that the more you listen to the show , the better your show .
We watched our characters interact , and that would influence how we put them together .
Cuse :
It probably bears some similarity to your work in physics , where you have a hypothesis and you start testing it .
Carroll :
It 's one thing to have a hypothesis and even figure out what the predictions of that theory are , but then it 's going to be shaped by what you observe in the universe .
Lindelof :
We have to have the answers to the mysteries so that there is something to work towards , but what we do n't have are the stories .
J.K. Rowling can sit down and say , here 's how Harry Potter 's parents were killed , and here 's who killed them , but how am I going to reveal that information to the audience in the most emotionally impactful way ?
So we know what we want to do , but we have very little idea of how and when we 're going to do it .
Carroll :
In physics there 's an explanation of how the past affects things in the future , in terms of entropy and thermodynamics .
But part of the fun in narrative is you do n't need to go from the present to the future — you can go back and forth .
You 've used every narrative direction to go in — flashback , flash forward , flash sideways .
How did you conceptualize cause and effect , questions of destiny and free will , and the narrative impact of using real time travel as opposed to just flashbacks ?
Cuse :
We really wanted to tell some more stories about the history of the island .
We became more and more fascinated with the Dharma Initiative , and the audience seemed really engaged by it .
And we thought , how do we tell those stories ?
We certainly do n't want to go back and just meet a bunch of new characters in the Dharma Initiative .
We thought the best way to tell that story was to put our characters into that world .
So the narrative device is selected by figuring out , what is the best way to tell this story we want to tell ?
Along with that , it felt like there 's this incredible theme that we want to explore on the show , the question of destiny versus free will .
And it felt like this was this tremendous opportunity to use literal time travel both as an effective narrative tool and also dig into this thematic construct , which as you get to the end of the show feels more and more relevant .
Carroll :
You now have two timelines : life after the hydrogen bomb is detonated and life as if the plane had never crashed .
Will season six end up making sense of how these two timelines fit together ?
Lindelof :
In previous seasons it was very clear that this happened before , and this happened after .
Now you watch , and you go , " I do n't know when this happened , because things are different . "
It 's not just what would have happened if the plane landed ; now Jack has a son and there are these changes .
The audience is saying , " I hope they explain the relationship between these two stories , " and that , to us , is the only answer we owe .
Because at this point , the characters are not aware that there 's any timeline other than the one they are in .
But if they were to become aware of the parallel worlds , what might they do about it ?
That becomes a fundamental question .
Carroll :
At times you 've made nods to science -y - sounding concepts — wormholes , the Casimir effect .
How are these scientific concepts useful to you ?
Cuse :
It 's inspirational .
We try to connect the show with a plausible sense of scientific concepts , recognizing that of course we 're ultimately telling a fictional narrative that is implausible .
It has to make some kind of elemental scientific sense to us .
It helps us as storytellers to say , OK , a massive amount of electromagnetism could create a wormhole that could allow someone to travel from the island , but that wormhole is unstable and sometimes they might pop up in Tunisia and it's 10 months earlier than they thought it was .
Those kind of things help us .
Carroll : I always say that without physics , there 's no drama .
Because there are rules .
I think scientists do n't always understand that in a science fiction context the rules may not be the rules of our world , but there are still rules .
Cuse :
As we draw into the final season , the mystical quotient rises .
But it was really important to us to stay rooted in empiricism .
It allowed us to establish Jack as an empiricist and Locke as a man of faith , and to have these characters debate the essence of what they were experiencing .
Was it a mystical experience , or was it just a really , really weird place that has incredible physical anomalies ?
Wired :
Do you still see that as the central issue , man of faith versus man of science ?
Lindelof :
The paradigm has shifted from that to , were we brought here for a very specific reason , and what is that reason ?
Locke is now the voice of a very large subset of the audience who believes that when Lost is all said and done , we will have wasted six years of our lives , that we were making it up as we went along , and that there 's really no purpose .
And Jack is now saying , " the only thing I have left to cling to is that there 's got to be something really cool that 's going to happen , because I have really , really fucking suffered . "
Carroll :
It 's like purposefulness versus randomness .
Lindelof : .
That 's right .
It 's order versus chaos , which is what it always was .
But first it had to start as science versus faith , because Jack is a doctor and Locke is a guy who got up from his wheelchair and walked .
Now the question has been boiled down to its essential root — is there a God or is there nothingness ?
Carroll : Presumably , if it is order versus chaos or purpose versus randomness , there is no right answer .
It 's not as if in the finale you 're going to say , " Yup , it was order . "
Cuse : I do n't think there 's a right answer .
Lindelof :
But the show can't have its cake and eat it , too .
At the end of the day , if Locke and Jack were to sit down and say , " Well , we were kind of both right , " that would not be satisfying .
It has to come down one way or another .
Cuse :
But there 's still going to be plenty of room for debate when the show is over .
We are going to take a stab at providing a conclusion , and one that we hope will be satisfying on a character level .
The bigger questions , we recognize , are not answerable .
We feel that demystifying some of the things we do on Lost is like the magician showing you how the trick is done , and we do n't want to do that .
Carroll :
Is there a worry that there exists questions for which any possible answer is not as interesting as the question would be before you knew the answer ?
Lindelof : Absolutely .
I assume that as a physicist , you say , " Force equals mass times acceleration , " and you can explain why .
But when you spend time with a 3 - year - old , you quickly find out that one question just begets another — there 's a " why " in the wake of every " why " — and the only way to end the conversation is to say , " Oh look , a Chuck E. Cheese ! "
The show is doing its best to say , " Oh look , Chuck E. Cheese ! "
For example , we 've now given the viewers as much as we 're willing to say about the numbers , and we 're moving on .
The characters are going to ask " What is the island " , and " Why are we here " , but more importantly , " How is it relevant to me . "
They 're not sitting around in smoking jackets talking about the theoretical notions that we are , as audience members .
Cuse : I think there 's this essential human desire to have a unified field theory .
Everyone is like , " I want to unlock the single secret to Lost . "
There is n't any one secret .
There is not a unified field theory for Lost , nor do we think there should be , because philosophically we do n't buy into that as a conceit .
Lindelof :
As much confidence as we have in the story we 're telling , we are also comfortable saying , " But what do we know ? "
This is our best version of the story of Lost , and it 's the definitive one .
The worst thing we could ever do is not end it , or go with some bullshitty ending like a snowglobe or a cut to black .
That was genius on The Sopranos , but The Sopranos is n't a mystery show .
For us , we owe our best version of a resolution here .
Cuse :
These heady questions are ultimately unanswerable , and we know the audience is hoping that those things are going to be answered .
The great mysteries of life fundamentally can't be addressed .
We just have to tell a good story and let the chips fall where they may .
We do n't know whether the resolution between the two timelines is going to make people say , " Oh , that 's cool " or " Oh , fuck those guys , they belly - flopped at the end . "
But the fact that we 're nervous about it and that we 're actually attempting it — that is what we had to do .
We had to try to make the dive .
Senior editor Joanna Pearlstein wrote about Google 's search algorithm in issue 17.06 .
ABC
The Art of Devotion
ABC
Art Streiber
The Man Behind the Sound
Who can claim the most screen time on Lost ?
No , not Jack or Kate or Locke — it 's a player you never even see .
For more than 100 episodes , composer Michael Giacchino has supplied about 35 minutes of music for each 43 - minute episode .
It 's been a dream ( and Emmy - winning ) assignment for a guy who once made a living scoring Medal of Honor videogames .
Lost creator J.J. Abrams loved Giacchino 's game music and hired him to add a frenetic , electronic tempo to his ABC series , Alias .
So when it came time to choose a composer for Lost , Giacchino was first on the list .
His assignment :
Help the audience interpret the show 's mystifying action .
Would Boone survive ?
Not if those mournful piano chords were any indication .
And what was Smokey doing to Jacob 's gun-toting foot soldiers ?
Nothing good , according to that bombastic brass .
All was rendered clear ( OK , clear - ish ) thanks to the aural showmanship of the composer who also became Pixar 's music man , scoring The Incredibles , Ratatouille , and last year 's Up , which earned him an Oscar .
Lost 's twists and turns may be complex , but Giacchino 's process is n't : " I just let the story tell me what to do , " he says .
" I watch and react emotionally , then turn that reaction into music . "
Cue the triumphal trumpet blast .
— E.M .
The Real Fake Band
How creating Geronimo Jackson brought one staff writer 's fantasy to life .
LISTEN Dharma Lady
by Geronimo Jackson
https://www.wired.com/images_blogs/magazine/2010/04/01_dharma_lady.mp3
If there 's any group of devotees more loyal and obsessed than Lost fans , it 's Deadheads .
And long before Eddy Kitsis was hired as a writer for Lost , he dreamed of being the Grateful Dead 's Jerry Garcia .
So when he became a Hollywood scribe instead of a guitar - plucking warbler , he decided to create a fictional Grateful Dead - style band for his own amusement — and then became fixated on making the world believe it was real .
The result was Geronimo Jackson — named after Barry Hannah 's award - winning novel Geronimo Rex — a 1970s band that occasionally pops up on Lost , whether on a hitchhiker 's T - shirt in a Locke flashback ( above ) or blasting from a Dharma Initiative van on the island .
Kitsis crafted the band 's initial " image " by borrowing heavily from the Dead 's Steal Your Face album art and vintage typefaces from Creem magazine .
But having fictional followers on Lost was n't enough for Kitsis , and the writer soon finagled $ 20,000 from ABC execs to bring the bogus band to life .
Childhood friend Craig Finn , lead singer for the Hold Steady , suggested he check out a San Diego - based indie quartet called the Donkeys .
Kitsis liked what he heard and hired the group to rerecord its tune " Excelsior Lady " as a show - referencing track called " Dharma Lady . "
The song , which aired for 11 seconds in a February 2009 episode , was then discreetly planted on iTunes .
courtesy Geronimo Jackson
" Dharma Lady " immediately gave the Donkeys — er , Geronimo Jackson — a loyal following among Lost viewers and gave Kitsis a taste of rock stardom by proxy .
But true success came when Kitsis met one of his musical heroes , Dead bassist Phil Lesh , and learned he was a fan of the show .
" How do you tell him , ' You inspired me so much , I created a fake band after you ! ' "
Kitsis says .
If Lesh does tune in every week , there 's no need to tell him .
— Erik Malinowski
ABC
The Web of Intrigue
Identifying the characters ' connections leading up to the fateful plane crash is essential to untangling Lost 's plotlines .
Here 's a map of key links , rendered by bioinformatics scientist Martin Krzywinski with the genome - mapping software Circos .
— Holly Haynes
The Puzzling Science Project
When Oceanic flight 815 crashes , its survivors find intriguing remnants ( polar bears ! ) of the Dharma Initiative , a 1970s - era research project with roots in Taoism .
The group 's logo shows up on hatch covers and beer cans — even on a Rubik 's Cube on executive producer Carlton Cuse 's desk .
Previously On Lost
Some Lost lovers are more obsessive than others .
Two musicians - turned - fans even managed to transform the series ' complicated plotlines into catchy pop songs .
Check out Previously On Lost — the band .
https://www.wired.com/images_blogs/magazine/2010/04/1_lost_in_2_minutes.mp3
ABC
The Fact - Checker
Continuity czar Gregg Nations keeps
Lost 's characters — and chronology — from getting lost .
For its first season , the producers of Lost were flying blind .
That 's right , the people running a show with interwoven narratives — backstories , future stories , alternate - reality stories , and stories that even a savant could n't keep track of — were n't keeping track of all that stuff .
Once it became clear that season one would n't be Lost 's last , executive producer Carlton Cuse realized he needed a continuity czar .
His pick : Gregg Nations , a former Nash Bridges colleague .
Nations had only one question : " How did you make it out of the first season alive ? "
Nations set about documenting every detail of Lost 's amorphous , time - shifting , mind - bending universe — Sawyer 's swindles , Kate 's hair colors and aliases , Shannon 's addresses — in sprawling Word documents .
He became the go - to source for all prop , art , and script questions .
" I tell the writers , you guys are writing that Kate has a rifle , " Nations says .
" She does n't have a rifle ; she has a handgun . "
If Jack gets punched in the face during a fight , Nations makes sure that makeup artists show the bruise healing realistically .
Where is Jack 's wound ?
How many days has it been since the fight ?
Plus , " the island makes you heal faster , " he says .
" So factor that in , too . "
But fight scenes are nothing compared with flight scenes .
The plane , Nations says , " is the bane of my existence . "
The task of keeping , say , row numbers straight in a hectic production on a cramped set makes his stomach turn , especially as they 've filmed essentially the same scene over multiple seasons .
His solution : Scrub the plane of identifying details .
Nations convinced the production crew that the passengers ' general placement ( midsection versus tail ) and proximity ( Rose and Jack speak on the plane ) is what matters most .
" Oh , my God , that stupid plane , " Nations says .
" Perhaps I was naive when I thought , ' Oh , this is n't going to be that difficult . ' " — Rachel Swaby
The Hidden Clues
Lost demands constant focus : Blink and you 'll miss a clue to the big WTF .
Fans have cracked the Easter eggs — or have they ?
Here are four of our favorite secret messages and four that might be nothing at all .
( Two more might be concealed in this feature . ) — Angela Watercutter
4 Easter Eggs We Loved — — — — —— —-
4 ( Probable ) Red Herrings — — — — — —— —-
Hurley dreams of raiding the stash in the hatch .
As he takes a swig of milk , we see Walt 's missing - person photo on the carton , though Hurley does n't know yet that the boy has been kidnapped .
Locke is bitten by his father in a fight .
When he examines the wound , viewers said , they saw the name Alex on his arm .
More likely : random arm - hair pattern .
The funeral parlor handling Locke 's corpse is named Hoffs / Drawlar , an anagram for " flash forward " — and a clue to the imminent plot shift .
Fans swore they spotted a faint Dharma Initiative logo emblazoned on the wreckage of Oceanic 815 .
Just a trick of the light .
The trippy film Karl is forced to watch in Room 23 is teaser heaven .
The highlight ?
Played backward , the dialog says , " Only fools are enslaved by time and space " — referencing the time travel yet to come .
Before season six began , eagle - eyed frequent flyers noticed that Oceanic Airlines flights from Sydney to LA were available on the travel site Kayak.com .
Well played , Kayak .
Richard Alpert visits a young John Locke to give him a test .
Check out little Locke 's drawing of the smoke monster he will one day ( sort of ) become .
As Kate enters a courtroom in a flashback scene , a man yells ... something .
Played backward , it sounds like " We hate you ! "
Or not .
Nothing to hear here .### Keeper of the Fans' Holy Writ
Lostpedia is a sprawling font of all things Lost .
By day , Kevin Croy is a 33 - year - old data center strategist for Expedia in Bellevue , Washington .
By night ( and in his other free time ) , he is the guardian of Lostpedia — the sprawling online compendium that millions of devotees consult to seek knowledge and share their Lost - fu .
Wired asked Croy about being the keeper of the unofficial canon and what it means to be a fan in the age of Internet - enabled obsession .
— Angela Watercutter
Wired : Did Lostpedia change the relationship between the show 's followers and its creators ?
Kevin Croy : Definitely .
I think the TV networks have realized how important these communities are to the success of their shows .
I do n't have proof , but I 'm fairly certain the writers and producers of Lost use Lostpedia as a way to instantly gauge audience reaction and comprehension .
Wired :
Is it hard to keep a wiki like this from getting out of control ?
Croy :
The community does a great job keeping it free of spoilers , spam , and vandalism .
My job is to make sure the sandbox is big enough and that there 's enough sand for everyone .
The community 's job is to build castles and play together nicely .
Wired :
What are your readers ' biggest questions ?
Croy :
There 's an article on Lostpedia that 's got a list of the unsolved mysteries .
There are 26 right now .
I still really want to know what the deal is with the smoke monster .
Wired :
Are the show runners aware of the site ?
Croy : Continuity czar Gregg Nations emailed me once and said there was a mistake in the title of one of the upcoming episodes .
I asked him if he would like to get drinks one of these days , and he said , " Yeah , absolutely . "
A part of me wants to run down there and have some beers with these guys and ask them questions .
But I know they would n't say anything anyway .
Wired :
Any predictions on how Lost will end ?
Croy : I do n't know .
But I think it would be great if the people on the island really did save the planet from catastrophe .
I would like there to be a reason all this stuff is happening .
Wired :
Once the show ends , what happens to the fans ?
Croy : I 'll be around as long as they 're around .
One of the things I 'd be interested in seeing is whether Lost becomes like Star Trek and spawns a community that brings in new disciples .
And maybe there could be a Lost Con or a Lostpedia Con .
I actually registered Lostpediacon.com .
kayak.com ; all other images ABC
BP proves themselves to be once again looking out for nothing but their own liability , even if it means the lives of those who are working for them like these out of work fishermen they recruited for the oil cleanup .
One more reason this should be looking at criminal charges against these companies .
From Democracy Now .
Coast Guard Grounds Ships Involved in Spill Cleanup After 7 Fall Ill ; BP Reportedly Preventing Fishermen from Wearing Respirators :
At least seven fishermen involved in the cleanup of the BP oil spill were hospitalized on Wednesday after reporting nausea , dizziness , headaches and chest pains .
The fishermen were likely exposed to both the leaked oil and chemical dispersants .
As a precautionary measure , the Coast Guard has ordered all 125 commercial ships helping with the cleanup to return to land .
For weeks , cleanup crews hired by BP have been reporting health issues , but their complaints have largely been ignored .
We speak to Clint Guidry , president of the Louisiana Shrimp Association , and Albert Huang , an environmental justice attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council .
JUAN GONZALEZ : In Louisiana , seven fishermen involved in the cleanup of the BP oil spill were hospitalized on Wednesday after reporting nausea , dizziness , headaches and chest pains .
The crew members were working aboard three separate vessels .
The fishermen were likely exposed to both the leaked oil and chemical dispersants .
As a precautionary measure , the Unified Command has ordered all 125 commercial ships helping with the cleanup in Breton Sound , Louisiana to return to land .
For weeks , cleanup crews hired by BP have been reporting health issues , but their complaints have largely been ignored .
As recently as Tuesday , BP spokesperson Graham MacEwen told the Los Angeles Times he was unaware of any health complaints among cleanup workers .
BP has refused to provide respirators to many hired fishermen , and the company has reportedly threatened to fire workers who use their own respirators on the job .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re joined now in New Orleans by Clint Guidry , president of the Louisiana Shrimp Association .
He ’s a third - generation shrimp fisherman .
This is Democracy Now !
We welcome you to the studios of Democracy Now ! , though we ’re speaking to you in New Orleans .
Tell us what ’s happening , Clint .
CLINT GUIDRY : Well , good morning .
Thanks for having me .
This is a situation that has been ongoing for several weeks now .
Having had prior training and experience working with the oil and the chemicals in oil and their danger — [ no audio ] — several of the fishermen out on the worksite , they were complaining of burning eyes and strong smells .
And my experience told me that they were getting exposed to dangerous chemicals — the benzenes , all the light ends off the crude — and this Corexit is a new experience for me .
I have been doing some research .
It contains a substance called 2 - butoxyethanol , up to 60 percent by volume , which is a very , very dangerous chemical .
I do n’t have a lot of experience with it , but just doing the research .
And I knew that they spraying this chemical in the same area where my fishermen were working .
And I have brought this to light .
I have tried to make public .
As a matter of fact , just a couple of days ago , three days ago , I met with a Washington delegation in Galliano and expressed my concerns that this was happening .
JUAN GONZALEZ : Now , Clint Guidry , what about OSHA , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ?
Are n’t they supposed to be monitoring worksites that involve US companies , even if they ’re offshore ?
CLINT GUIDRY : I ’m not sure about that , but I ’m understanding it ’s MMS and US Coast Guard in this situation .
AMY GOODMAN : What about respirators ?
Are people wearing respirators ?
CLINT GUIDRY : No , ma’am .
Having had prior experience , I know these people .
They ’re friends .
They ’re family .
I bought respirators , and I brought them down to these people .
And when they tried to wear them , the BP representatives on site told them that it was n’t a dangerous situation , and they did n’t need to wear them , and if they did , they would be taken off the job .
AMY GOODMAN : If they wore respirators , they ’d be taken off the job ?
CLINT GUIDRY : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : Why ?
CLINT GUIDRY : Because BP lies , and BP protects BP .
And that is the biggest problem we have in the south of Louisiana right now , is BP , with its big oil big money , is buying up all the cover — and when I say " cover " I mean camouflage — that they can to try to make a little of the situation , not only environmentally , but health - wise .
This is ridiculous .
AMY GOODMAN : But how does wearing respirators threaten BP ?
How do the workers , the cleanup crews , wearing respirators , how does that threaten BP ?
CLINT GUIDRY : If you would do your research , the same situation occurred with Exxon Valdez over twenty years ago .
It is a question of liability .
The minute BP declares that there is a respiratory danger on the situation is the day that they let the door open for liability suits down the line .
If they could have gotten away with covering this up , like they did in Alaska Valdez situation , like Exxon , they would not have to pay a penny for any kind of health - related claims .
Read on ...
LASKAR GAH , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - With livelihoods threatened by a mysterious blight on opium crops , many farmers in southern Afghanistan suspect policies of the U.S. - backed government of President Hamid Karzai may be behind the disease .
With anti-U.S. feelings pervading Helmand and Kandahar provinces , some of the worst hit by insurgent violence , the blight that may cut opium output by half has played into deeply - held suspicions of the government and foreign troops .
Few farmers appear to believe nature was the cause .
Some farmers blame a new fertilizer they were forced to obtain after the government banned ammonium nitrate , which can also be used by insurgents to make bombs .
“ I have had not only my poppy affected , but wheat farms too and I suspect it is due to a type of fertilizer that is imported from Pakistan , ” said Janan , a farmer near Helmand ’s provincial capital of Lashkar Gah .
“ People have had their other type of crops suffer too as a result . ”
Afghanistan is the world ’s biggest supplier of opium , a thick paste processed to make heroin .
About 90 percent of the crop is harvested in southern Helmand province where thousands of U.S. troops are fighting an insurgency partly funded by the trade .
While the blight may cut off some sources of funding for the Taliban in their southern stronghold , the disease may only spark more farmer resentment and play into the insurgent ’s hands .
It could also encourage more crops as the price increases .
“ All indications to us ... seem to hint toward a natural plight , ” said Jean - Luc Lemahieu , United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) head in Afghanistan , told Reuters in Kabul .
“ Any plague , even if there was a plague on the melons , ( the farmers ) would blame it on the U.S.
So this definitely will be the same thing , so there definitely will be a negative impact . ”
General Dawud Dawud , deputy minister of interior for drugs eradication , said in some areas it has destroyed 70 percent of the poppy harvest .
The disease has so far been reported in Helmand , and neighboring provinces of Kandahar and Uruzgan .
Lemahieu said that in northern Helmand roughly 50 percent of the plants were affected by the disease which turned leaves into clusters of black dots .
In southern Helmand 25 to 30 percent .
The international community has spent years trying to reduce dependency on opium for poor farmers who are reluctant to switch to licit crops because they are less profitable .
But rising violence in the region over the last year has hampered these efforts , and the blight may just add to troubles .
A PYRRHIC VICTORY ?
“ Are we unhappy with this blight ?
Well the first reaction is one of “ hooray , ” ” said Lemahieu .
“ But this might be proven to be a Pyrrhic victory .
Because at the end of the day if the price sky - rockets we might have far more opium next year . ”
Past Afghan government efforts to eradicate poppy have turned communities against the government and foreign troops .
Wary of this , U.S. Marines in the Helmand town of Marjah have employed a strategy of paying farmers to burn their own crops .
Villagers who rely on opium poppy cultivation have accused Western forces of deliberately planting diseases to wipe - out the plant .
NATO - led forces in Afghanistan deny any involvement by the alliance in the current blight .
Noor Mohammad , a farmer in Khakriz village near Lashkar Gah , also blamed the fertilizer .
“ We have n’t had these disease problems in many years but since we use a new fertilizer , provided by the government , that could have affected my crop . ”
Mohammad said .
“ It could be the government trying to destroy the poppy . ”
Whatever the accusations , authorities may need to reach out quickly to farmers or face a backlash .
“ The disease will not only destroy the poppy this year but the whole crop including wheat and fruit , ” said Khan Mohammad , an Agriculture official in the Helmand .
“ The government must help the farmers ... otherwise this catastrophe will badly affect the lives of millions .
VANCOUVER , Wash . --
A district court jury in Vancouver was unable to decide Thursday whether a nude bicycle rider was guilty of indecent exposure .
The Columbian reports the city attorney 's office is deciding whether to re-try the case against 43 - year - old Matthew J. Vilhauer .
Police say he had been drinking and biking with friends in June of last year and shed his clothes while riding on Main Street .
Vilhauer says nude biking is fun and draws attention to the vulnerability bicyclists feel sharing the road with cars .
His lawyer , Luka Vitasovic , told jurors that nudity is not indecent exposure unless it 's intended as an affront .
In asking for a conviction , Vancouver Assistant City Attorney Todd George told the jury , " This is not Portland . "
– The Associated Press
ANKARA / ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Greece ’s debt crisis may lead to improved ties with its old rival Turkey as the prime ministers of the two countries meet to discuss issues from cuts in defense spending , to financial crisis management .
Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan makes a speech during an extraordinary meeting of the executive committee of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference in Istanbul May 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Murad Sezer
Turkey ’s Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan visits Athens on Friday for talks with his Greek counterpart George Papandreou in what Turkish and Greek officials hope will bring a new era in relations between the often feuding Aegean neighbors .
With debt - choked Greece undergoing austerity measures , both Ankara and Athens have said they want to achieve the goal of demilitarizing the Aegean as a way of cutting defense spending .
“ Neither the people of Greece or Turkey need new submarines or fighter jets , ” Turkey ’s EU Affairs Minister Egemen Bagis said , noting the contradiction of two NATO members spending billions on defense to counter potential threat from each other .
Greece , which spends more of its gross domestic product on the military than any other European Union country , has said it also wants to reduce regional tensions with Turkey .
“ In order for our people to enjoy the benefits of arms spending reductions , we must first erase the threats and create the necessary trust , ” said Gregory Delavekouras , Greek Foreign Ministry spokesman .
“ This meeting will deepen and widen the cooperation between our two countries , ” Delavekouras said .
Western officials and economists have advocated a reduction of Greece ’s armed forces as a way of reducing spending .
Greece ’s Deputy Defense Minister Panos Beglitis said in March that overall defense spending in recent years was as high as 5.6 percent of GDP , about 13.4 billion euros ( $ 17 billion ) .
The target for this year is to cut below 3 percent of GDP .
According to the International Strategic Studies group Turkey spent $ 9.9 billion on defense in 2009 and $ 10.2 billion in 2008 , but with its economy forecast to grow faster than any in the EU this year , Ankara ’s need to make cuts is not as great .
MELTDOWN EXPERTISE
With wide experience of financial disasters and IMF bailout packages , Turkey has said it is happy to share its expertise with Greece on surviving a debt crisis a decade ago .
In the first official visit by a Turkish prime minister since 2004 , Erdogan will be accompanied by 10 ministers and 80 businessmen .
He and Papandreou will chair a joint cabinet meeting with seven Greek ministers on issues that will include foreign , transport and infrastructure , tourism and culture , education , police and emergency services , energy and environment .
“ We need to give a fresh momentum to Turkish - Greek relations and to carry them to a whole new level of cooperation which will contribute to issues that seemed problematic between the two countries , ” Turkey ’s Economy Minister Ali Babacan said .
Greece and Turkey nearly came to blows in 1996 over an uninhabited Aegean islet .
The two have skirmished over Turkey ’s occupation of Cyprus and territorial rights in the Aegean .
But ties improved since 1999 , when earthquakes in both countries sparked spontaneous outpouring of aid and prompted their leaders to improve relations and sign accords .
EMPATHY DURING TRAGEDY
Erdogan is likely to solicit Papandreou ’s help to help push a solution for the reunification of the divided island of Cyprus , long an obstacle to Turkey ’s EU membership aspirations .
Greece says it wants to see changes in behavior from Turkey in areas such as overflights and air space violations .
“ We openly and clearly support Turkey ’s EU accession but we want to see concrete signs that some behaviors have changed , ” a Greek Foreign Ministry official said .
Semih Sediz , a columnist for Radikal , a liberal Turkish daily , said that despite their history , Turkey and Greece have ironically found sympathy for each other in times of crisis .
Earthquakes , Great Depression deprivations or persecution from military juntas have provoked Turkish - Greek empathy .
“ There is a lot of empathy in Turkey for Greece right now , ” now , ” Sediz said .
“ We know a lot about IMFs , belt - tightening , union unrest , all those things .
We ’ve been down that road . ”
( Additional reporting by Tulay Karadeniz in Ankara and Simon Cameron - Moore in Istanbul )
Chris Huhne , the new energy and climate change minister , is sceptical about nuclear power but wanted to support the development of renewable energy , according to the UK 's largest renewable generator .
Scottish and Southern Energy ( SSE ) said it had " good discussions " with Huhne on Tuesday .
The company said he was very well - informed and fully supportive of its projects , including the huge Greater Gabbard wind farm off the coast of Suffolk which , when built , will be the largest offshore wind farm of its kind in the world .
" He [ Huhne ] was well aware of SSE 's credentials and he was keen to see us continuing with what we are doing and to ensure there is continuing inward investment in this [ wind ] sector , " said SSE 's chief executive , Ian Marchant .
But the utility boss , whose company is considering whether to build a new nuclear plant near Sellafield in Cumbria with Iberdrola of Spain and GDF of France , said the energy secretary was more downbeat about atomic power .
" He was sceptical on the economics of nuclear but made it clear he would allow people to make their own decisions on this and would not stand in their way if they can do it without subsidies , " said Marchant .
" Personally , I think being sceptical is no bad thing .
The worst thing you can have is a situation where the state bends over backwards to [ financially ] support nuclear .
Look where that got us ? " he added .
Huhne 's party , the Liberal Democrats , orchestrated a mechanism for maintaining their opposition to nuclear power even though allowing nuclear to progress is government policy .
The coalition has pledged to allow nuclear stations to be built so long as they do not involve public subsidies .
SSE said it would do a lot of preparatory work on whether to go ahead with a new atomic plant before deciding in around two years ' time whether such a move made commercial sense .
" We would have to be able to justify a decision whether for or against to both customers and shareholders , " said Marchant .
In the meantime , the utility company is spending £ 660 m this year pressing ahead with wind farms and other renewable schemes .
SSE is the biggest renewable generator largely because of its hydro- electric plants but has also moved into tidal and wave power .
The company also runs coal - fired power stations such as Ferrybridge in West Yorkshire but said it was putting back by two years plans to start operating the Abernedd gas - fired power station in Baglan Bay , South Wales .
This is partly because industrial customers have reduced demand due to the recession , while homeowners are continuing to cut their own consumption by taking energy - efficiency measures such as insulating their houses .
Domestic gas use has gone down by 3 % to 5 % for the last three years in a row but SSE still ran up pre-tax profits of £ 1.29 bn for the year to end March .
Update :
The interview is now closed
nu
Torrents : 19.000 +
Forum : ~ 20.000 posts / threads
Members : 11.000 +
mIRC : YES
Non-Movement Tracker : YES
m
IR
C
XNT : 529
m
IR
C
A few months ago , XNT. nu had a free sign up especially for the FileNetworks readers , but now you have another chance to join .
The staff has opened the interviews , all you need to do is to pass the interview .
XNT is a great general / 0 - day tracker and at this moment the tracker has more than 11.000 registered users and more than 19.000 torrents .
XNT.nu has great pretimes and speeds because they have an auto - upload script which uploads torrents on a Seedbox . cellent .
Answer the questions and send them toQ :
Where are you from ?Q:
Why do you want to join xnt ?Q :
Are you a member of other private tracker ?
If yes , post a few profile linksQ : Make two speedtests from different servers ( http://speedtest.net for example ) Q : Do you trade or sell invites ?Q :
Do you use programs or hacks to achieve a good ratio ?
Q : How can you help the xnt community ?Q : Post your email address here , if you get accepted an invite will be sent to this email ./ monthstats [ MONTH STATS ] [ TV : 1960 , SCC : 1627 , DDT : 1082 , DH : 632 , TL : 550 , / monthstats - spam [ MONTH STATS ] [ TV : 4761 , SCC : 4438 , DDT : 3268 , DH : 2701 , ScP : 2598 , BH : 1669 , XNT : 1418 Those statistics can be viewed on : You can see screenshots from XNT with our InsideIN .
All you need to do is download the file and open it .
The folder contains a few screenshots from XNT such as : categories , torrents , forum , seed bonus , user classes etc .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The total bill related to the oil spill drifting toward Louisiana from a well operated by BP Plc in the Gulf of Mexico , could exceed $ 14 billion , analysts said .
Since an explosion almost two weeks ago on the Deepwater Horizon rig , a disaster scenario has emerged with hundreds of thousands of gallons of crude oil spewing unchecked into the Gulf and moving inexorably northward to the coast .
The responsibility for the cleanup operation lies with the owners of the well , led by 65 percent shareholder , London - based oil company BP Plc .
BP said last week that it was spending $ 6 million a day on the clean up but admitted this figure would rise sharply when the slick hits land .
Neither the company or its 25 percent partner , explorer Anadarko Petroleum , have put an estimate on total costs , although BP CEO Tony Hayward told Reuters in an interview on Friday that he would pay all legitimate claims for damages .
The final bill for cleaning up the spill could be $ 7 billion , Neil McMahon , analyst at investment firm Bernstein said .
Analysts at Morgan Stanley put the figure at $ 3.5 billion , while analysts at Citigroup , Evolution Securities and Panmure Gordon put cleanup costs at under $ 1.1 billion .
Compensation that must be paid to those impacted by the slick could also amount to billions of dollars .
The cost to the fishing industry in Louisiana could be $ 2.5 billion , while the Florida tourism industry could lose $ 3 billion , Bernstein predicted .
BP will also have to spend $ 100 million to drill a relief well to try and stem the flow of the well , while the loss of the Deepwater Horizon well represents a hit of around $ 1 billion for its owner , Swiss - based drilling specialist Transocean .
COMPENSATION FOR WORKERS
Eleven workers are missing , presumed dead , following the rig explosion and compensation will have to be made to their families .
BP was forced to pay out $ 2 billion in compensation after 15 workers died in an explosion at its Texas City refinery in 2005 , although Peter Hitchens at Panmure said it was likely liabilities related to the rig would be Transocean ’s responsibility .
BP and its partners in the oil block where the leaking well is located will have to cover the cleanup costs and damages on a basis proportionate to their shareholdings , which will leave BP with 65 percent of the bill .
The company self - insures through its own insurance company , named Jupiter .
Contrary to press reports , Jupiter does not lay off risks onto reinsurers or syndicates at Lloyds of London , a spokesman said on Sunday .
Hence , BP will end up paying any costs out of its own pocket .
However , it is possible BP and Anadarko could seek to reclaim any damages from Cameron International Corp , the supplier of the well head equipment which has been blamed for the accident or companies involved in maintaining the drilling machinery .
The oil is leaking because a shut - off valve that should automatically kick in when a problem occurs , has not functioned .
The valve , known as a blow - out preventer , was supplied by Cameron and operated , as an integral part of Transocean ’s rig .
Oil services provider Halliburton said it performed a variety of work on the rig .
If BP could prove that Halliburton or Cameron did something wrong , they could lay part of the blame on them , Mike Breard , an energy analyst with Hodges Capital Management in Dallas said last week .
Shares in BP have fallen around 13 percent since the accident , wiping out $ 20 billion of the company ’s market value .
Shares in Anadarko , Transocean , Cameron and Halliburton have also been hit .
If regulators find any wrongdoing or incompetence on the part of the companies involved , it could levy fines , although analysts said that going by previous fines , these would likely be in the range of tens of millions -- immaterial to the total bill .
In such a situation , the courts could also award punitive damages .
Exxon Mobil was hit with $ 5 billion in punitive damages after the its tanker Valdez leaked 258,000 barrels of heavy crude into Prince William Sound in Alaska in 1989 .
The award was based on the fact Exxon had not taken due care when it employed a man with a drinking problem to skipper its tanker .
However , the damages against it were subsequently reduced to around $ 500 million on appeal .
All analysts agreed that the final bill for the Deepwater Horizon incident will depend on how much damage is caused .
Bernstein said the experience from the first Gulf War in 1991 suggested the damage across Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi
and Florida could be less than many expect because of the warm water in the area .
“ The Iraqi army opened valves on the Sea Island terminal , dumping up to 450 million gallons ( around 11 million barrels ) of crude into the sea in order to obstruct a potential landing by coalition forces , ” McMahon said in a research note .
“ While the magnitude of the spill was vastly greater than the Exxon Valdez , it actually did relatively little long - term damage , as it dispersed in the warm waters , ” he added .
And now for today 's bombshell - lietarlly at the very end of Moody 's 10 - Q filed last night , we find this stunner :
On March 18 , 2010 , MIS received a “ Wells Notice ” from the Staff of the SEC stating that the Staff is considering recommending that the Commission institute administrative and cease - and - desist proceedings against MIS in connection with MIS ’s initial June 2007 application on SEC Form NRSRO to register as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization under the Credit Rating Agency Reform Act of 2006 .
Well at least it took Moody 's under two months to report this massively material development , which while we are not positive on how to read the C&D action on the NRSRO registration , could mark the beginning of the end for the rating agency .
If the firm is enjoined from providing additional rating research should the SEC action find fault and proceed with a lawsuit , it would mean game over for the business .
Egan -Jones : it 's IPO time .
We will be shocked , shocked we tell you , to find that Mr. Buffett has sold out his entire position in MCO when BRK 's next 13 - F is filed .
h/t Jing
In an attempt to protect their rights , the leading gadget blog Gizmodo has been sending out takedown notices to bloggers who use their articles in full while running ads .
At the same time , however , Gizmodo itself continues to infringe on the rights of photographers by using their images commercially .
A true copyright crossfire .
At Torrent Freak we keep a close eye on the DMCA takedown requests that are received by search engines such as Google and Yahoo .
These are usually sent out by music and film companies but last week we saw them being joined by the Gawker Media - owned weblog Gizmodo .
The weblog is using the services of an anti-piracy outfit that scours the web for content owned by its clients and sends out takedown notices to get infringing material removed .
Like other publications published under a non-commercial Creative Commons license , Gizmodo does not allow bloggers to copy its articles in full if their site carries advertising .
An example of the Gizmodo takedown requests can be found on Chilling Effects .
Interestingly , in this example the targeted site does not have any ads , but it could be that these were removed after the notice was sent .
The ‘ infringing ’ blog post does link back to the original article as it should though .
We contacted Gizmodo / Gawker who confirmed that it ’s indeed policy to go after people who copy articles for commercial use .
This is totally fine of course , they have the right to protect their livelihoods .
But we find it ironic , to say the least , that Gizmodo itself is systematically infringing on the rights of photographers in their own publication , for profit .
In recent weeks alone , the gadget blog has used more than a dozen pictures to cheer up its articles .
One of the main photo sources for Gizmodo seems to be Flickr , and the photos that have been copied include ones with a CC - NA license and ones with “ all rights reserved . ”
TorrentFreak contacted several of the Flickr users who were ‘ featured ’ on Gizmodo and they all confirmed that they have not given permission to publish the photos .
We advised one of the photographers who was not happy with Gizmodo ’s infringement to send an invoice .
He did , but said that Gizmodo refused to pay and took his photo offline instead .
“ They refused to pay but they have taken the images down , ” the Flickr user told us .
“ I am sticking with the invoice as they have gotten the most out of the week old article already .
So even if the images are not there anymore they need to pay for the usage they had .
It seems to be the way they do business .
They steal stuff and claim it was unintentional . ”
When we confronted Gizmodo / Gawker with this apparent double standard concerning copyright we were told that we do n’t understand the law .
“ If you just want to argue with me about what we do , I am afraid I will not engage .
You are mistaken about the law , in my opinion , ” Gawker COO Gaby Darbyshire said after some discussion .
Although we do n’t really grasp what law she ’s referring to , we asked someone at Creative Commons about the issue who confirmed that the overall consensus is that a commercial outfit like Gizmodo should not use photos with a non-commercial license without permission .
Even if they contest this , Gizmodo also uses Flickr photos with “ all rights reserved ” which is in no way allowed .
Just to be clear , we ’re not by any means trying to blame Gizmodo for infringing copyright , that ’s their choice .
We probably have used one or two copyrighted images ourselves in the past and other high profile blogs like Techcrunch do the same .
However , we do think that it is a bit hypocritical for them to go after bloggers for making the same “ mistake ” .
And we do n’t buy ‘ stolen ’ iPhones … .
Update : The Flickr user we quoted in this article managed to get paid for his work after a bit more complaining .
“ They will pay me a compensation half what I charge for publishing rights but they will not repost the image to the article , ” he told us .
SALT LAKE CITY — Senator Robert F. Bennett , an 18 - year veteran Republican who had been seeking a fourth term this fall , was stripped of his party ’s nomination on Saturday at the state convention , becoming one of the first Congressional victims of the surging ferment of discontent from the Tea Party - infused Republican right .
Steve C. Wilson / Associated Press
Mr. Bennett , 76 , was outmatched in delegate votes by two relative newcomers despite an enthusiastic endorsement and convention speech from Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor and local Utah hero , and a political pedigree of deep Mormon roots and public service .
“ You know his principles , ” Mr. Romney said to the roughly 3,500 delegates .
“ We need Bob Bennett ’s skill and loyalty and intellect and power . ”
Mr. Bennett himself , in his final appeal from the dais , said the stakes in Washington were simply too high to take a chance on the unknown .
“ Keep the veteran on the floor when you ’re playing a championship game , ” he appealed to the delegates .
But the delegates were not in the mood , and the two leading challengers , Tim Bridgewater , 49 , a businessman , and Mike Lee , 38 , a lawyer , were also united in wanting Mr. Bennett out .
“ Our anything - but - Bennett bond is strong , ” said William Lee , the field director for the Lee campaign .
Mr. Lee , who is no relation to Mike Lee , said some delegates for each side were pledged to switch to Mr. Lee or Mr. Bridgewater to keep Mr. Bennett from qualifying for the primary election on June 22 , where Mr. Bennett ’s advantages in name recognition and fund - raising could be decisive .
The Senate seat is not expected to change party hands in November , since Utah has not had a senator from the Democratic Party since the 1970s .
The convention itself functioned rather like the television show “ Survivor ” — sudden death for the candidate voted off the island .
With three rounds of voting , all but the top three candidates were eliminated after the first round .
Delegates then voted a second time , whittling down the field again — that was where Mr. Bennett lost , coming in third with about 27 percent of the delegates ’ support .
A final round determines whether a primary election needs to be held .
A candidate needs at least 60 percent of the vote to become the party ’s candidate , and at least 40 percent to qualify for the primary election on June 22 .
The state ’s party chairman , Dave Hansen , in his opening remarks , acknowledged the huge numbers of first - time delegates , and the intense passions and anger that have infused moments of the campaign season heading into the convention .
“ A lot of you have come here today with booing in your heart , ” he said .
He asked delegates to cheer their favorite candidate only , and not to disparage others , and for the most part they complied .
I praise the Coalition government for their first brave attempt to tackle the £ 156 bn deficit with their £ 6 bn of net cuts .
This , as we know , is scratching the surface of the problem .
I was speaking to a back bencher who used to have a senior role as an advisor to a current Cabinet member : he told me that their main objective was to cut the “ structural deficit . ”
This is estimated to be about £ 70 bn .
I get worried when the ambition is so low and assumes that growth will build up substantially this year , enough to bring in an extra £ 80 bn of tax revenue to “ plug the gap . ”
So I believe we will finish the year with £ 900 bn of national debt .
This is forecast to cost £ 40 bn a year in interest service costs .
This is nearly 30 % of all income tax revenue .
This is more than what we pay for the education of our children .
What a shocking waste of our resources and a desperately onerous burden on the taxpayer .
If you follow this link to the Debt Management Office , you will see the perplexing sight that our very own Bank of England , part of the apparatus of the state , owns £ 190 bn of all outstanding debt .
This is shown on the very first page , bottom left hand chart .
I say perplexing as it may have dawned upon you now that one side of the government issues new debt while the other part “ buys ” it with newly minted money .
We the taxpayers get the privilege of paying the interest on this newly minted money that is now owed to the government !
Currently at the end of Q4 2009 the national debt was £ 796 bn , so £ 200 bn is 25 % of this debt .
Suffice it to say , I would think it reasonable to assume that ¼ of the £ 40 bn debt interest service is then totally unnecessary !
Our Chief Secretary to the Treasury , David Laws , is involved in the papers today with a £ 40 k personal expenses scandal .
This makes the front page of all major papers .
This is nothing compared with this £ 200 thousand million debt problem and the £ 10 thousand million interest bill problem that this oddity generates !
Yet no mention of this on the front pages !
This means £ 10 bn could be saved at a flick of a switch on a key board , with no economic consequences other than to relieve the burden of the taxpayer of having to pony up £ 10 bn in cold - blooded tax extractions .
This savings could also be the equivalent of a 7 % cut in income tax .
Now that would be popular .
I wonder if the real reason why one arm of Government must “ buy ” so much of the debt of another arm is to keep the illusion going that there is a market for UK debt .
This then begs the question , “ Did a bond strike happen a long time ago ? ”
Readers to this site know that I favour a solution that would totally eliminate the national debt as mentioned in these two articles :
However , today , this modest “ pressing the button ” reform could be done and should be done with no debate , and yet it is not !
The general lack of economic knowledge does concern me more and more .
A timely reminder of this was in yesterday ’s letter section of the FT , May the 28th .
‘ Reminder of repressive US gold rush ‘ Sir , Martin Wolf asks “ How likely is financial repression ? ” ( May 25 ) .
Based on the historical record , as he suggests , it ’s pretty likely .
‘ He does not mention a most egregious case of financial repression : the confiscation of all their gold from American citizens by their government in the 1930s , so they could be forced to hold depreciated fiat dollars .
( The Federal Reserve Banks had their gold confiscated , too , and still own none . )
‘ This was followed by default on the gold bonds of the US .
For its citizens to own gold was made criminal by the American government , an outrageous and oppressive act that remained in force for decades .
‘ Yes , when pushing comes to shoving , never underestimate what coercive measures governments will undertake .
Mr Wolf ’s reminder is timely .
Alex J. Pollock , Resident Fellow , American Enterprise Institute , Washington , DC , US ’
I could not put this better myself .
We should all remember the following :
The crisis always starts by Public Spending in excess of what we can afford .
Deficit Spending then occurs , with no understanding that this risks the collapse of the economy .
Denial of Any Problem is writ large amongst the incumbent ruling politicians .
There follows a Lack of Political Will to do what needs to be done .
Finally , Monetisation of the Debt .
This always means your purchasing power goes down and a wealth transfer takes place from you to any of the programmes that the government is funding at the time .
This is the best we can realistically hope for .
At the other extreme , we must hope the repressive measures of the Depression - era US authorities are not considered by modern British and European governments .
But if the government lacks either the will or the knowledge to bag this easy £ 10 bn of savings , then it is hard not to infer that they actually want that money from the taxpayer in interest .
You then have to start wondering : where is this going to end up ?
Further reading
The Crack - up Boom , a review of Mises ’ The Causes of the Economic Crisis and Other Essays Before and After the Great Depression .
Milkis Profile Blog Joined January 2010 4969 Posts # 1
Commentator Kangmin announced on the episode of Oldboy that aired on the 28th that he willl be entering the military on June 17th .
After receiving his notice for military duty , his physical grading was considered grade 4 .
He was set to serve public interest duty and he will be entering ChoongNam NongSan Training Facility and upon finishing the basic military training , he will be serving his public interest duty .
Following this , this upcoming June 11th Starleague preliminaries will be his last contest before military service , but he will commentate for proleagues right up to his entrance date .
Facing military service , Kangmin said " The notice came as a surprise and he has to enter the military immediately " , and " I wanted to finish commentating the Proleague 09 - 10 season and wanted to show an amazing set of matches on Starleague Preliminaries but it turned out disappointing like this " , and showed strong resolve , saying " I will do my best so that I can play in the Starleague preliminaries without regrets "
Source : Ongamenet 's Commentator Kangmin ( Nal_ra ) is entering the military .
Commentator Kangmin announced on the episode of Oldboy that aired on the 28th that he willl be entering the military on June 17th .
After receiving his notice for military duty , his physical grading was considered grade 4 .
He was set to serve public interest duty and he will be entering ChoongNam NongSan Training Facility and upon finishing the basic military training , he will be serving his public interest duty .
Following this , this upcoming June 11th Starleague preliminaries will be his last contest before military service , but he will commentate for proleagues right up to his entrance date .
Facing military service , Kangmin said " The notice came as a surprise and he has to enter the military immediately " , and " I wanted to finish commentating the Proleague 09 - 10 season and wanted to show an amazing set of matches on Starleague Preliminaries but it turned out disappointing like this " , and showed strong resolve , saying " I will do my best so that I can play in the Starleague preliminaries without regrets " Source : http://fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=107231&db=issue
saritenite Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Singapore 1676 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 13:57:45 # 2 NAL_RA FOR ACE GOGOGOGOGOGOGO
Thx for translation ^-^
PanoRaMa Profile Blog Joined June 2003 United States 5047 Posts # 3
Wow of all times NOW he gets it ?
Ugh , I still hope he does well .
Best of luck to him .
natturner Profile Blog Joined June 2008 342 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 13:59:03 # 4 i dont suppose there 's any chance of nal_ra going to air force ace is there ?
This nigga done stole my bike .
Megalisk Profile Blog Joined October 2008 United States 6095 Posts # 5 On May 28 2010 22:58 natturner wrote :
i dont suppose there 's any chance of nal_ra going to air force ace is there ?
His eyesight is really bad , so I doubt it .
This really sucks .
His eyesight is really bad , so I doubt it .
This really sucks .
Tear stained american saints and dirty guitar dreams across a universe of desert and blue sky , gas station coffee love letters and two dollar pistol kisses from thirty five dollar hotel room stationary .
GHOSTCLAW Profile Blog Joined February 2008 United States 16963 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 14:08:40 # 6
Nal_ra for ace ?
hopefully ?
I know that his eyesight is bad , but i'm not convinced that 's the major factor in getting into airforce ace ....
Photographer Liquipedia .
Drop me a pm if you 've got questions / need help .
puhveli - sven Profile Joined August 2007 Finland 8 Posts # 7 I bet Illuminati is behind all of this .
They saw Nal_ra training so hard so they had to figure out something .
Please use me as a fertilizer , I deserve it .
anderoo Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Canada 1876 Posts # 8 On May 28 2010 23:08 GHOSTCLAW
wrote :
Nal_ra for ace ?
hopefully ?
I know that his eyesight is bad , but i'm not convinced that 's the major factor in getting into airforce ace ....
afaik you have to have really good vision to enter the air force at all
afaik you have to have really good vision to enter the air force at all
saritenite Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Singapore 1676 Posts # 9 On May 28 2010 23:00 Megalisk wrote :
Show nested quote +
On May 28 2010 22:58 natturner wrote :
i dont suppose there 's any chance of nal_ra going to air force ace is there ?
His eyesight is really bad , so I doubt it .
This really sucks .
His eyesight is really bad , so I doubt it .
This really sucks .
Should n't really matter though .
It would be so awesome if he could actually play for ACE .
But Rock 's giving him competition .
Ahh Nal_Ra , be safe Should n't really matter though .
It would be so awesome if he could actually play for ACE .
But Rock 's giving him competition .
Ahh Nal_Ra , be safe
dangots0ul Profile Blog Joined January 2009 United States 905 Posts # 10 nah , i hope nal ra wins osl --> air force .
a fitting way to go out for a legend .
However , things like this only occur in my magical world where unicorns shit rainbows i type teamliquid into the url subconsciously ... all ... the ... time ...
nasze_zrodlo Profile Joined February 2010 Cape Verde 111 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 14:16:51 # 11
What about darkelf or cloud ?
They have really bad vision ... ...
sleepytime Profile Joined January 2010 Denmark 122 Posts # 12 On May 28 2010 23:11 anderoo wrote :
Show nested quote +
On May 28 2010 23:08 GHOSTCLAW wrote :
Nal_ra for ace ?
hopefully ?
I know that his eyesight is bad , but i'm not convinced that 's the major factor in getting into airforce ace ....
afaik you have to have really good vision to enter the air force at all
afaik you have to have really good vision to enter the air force at all
what about DarkElf ?
he used glasses too what about DarkElf ?
he used glasses too Nada fighting !
Philar Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Hong Kong 120 Posts # 13 Nal_Ra bailing before August when shit hits the fan .
OpticalShot Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Canada 6290 Posts # 14 On May 28 2010 23:11 puhveli - sven wrote :
I bet Illuminati is behind all of this .
They saw Nal_ra training so hard so they had to figure out something .
So random , but made me chuckle a bit .
So random , but made me chuckle a bit .
[ TLMS ] REBOOT
anderoo Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Canada 1876 Posts # 15 On May 28 2010 23:15 sleepytime wrote :
Show nested quote +
On May 28 2010 23:11 anderoo wrote :
On May 28 2010 23:08 GHOSTCLAW wrote :
Nal_ra for ace ?
hopefully ?
I know that his eyesight is bad , but i'm not convinced that 's the major factor in getting into airforce ace ....
afaik you have to have really good vision to enter the air force at all
afaik you have to have really good vision to enter the air force at all
what about DarkElf ?
he used glasses too what about DarkElf ?
he used glasses too
I dunno , but here 's the vision requirements for the USA air force
Pilot
Normal color vision
Distant vision : Uncorrected 20/70 , but corrected to 20/20
Near vision : Uncorrected 20/30 , but corrected to 20/20
Meet refraction , accommodation and astigmatism requirements
Corrective eye surgery could be a disqualifier
Combat Systems Officer
Normal color vision
Distant vision : Uncorrected 20/200 , but corrected to 20/20
Near vision : Uncorrected 20 /40 , but corrected to 20/20
Meet refraction , accommodation and astigmatism requirements
Corrective eye surgery could be a disqualifier
I dunno , but here 's the vision requirements for the USA air forcePilotNormal color visionDistant vision : Uncorrected 20/70 , but corrected to 20 / 20 Near vision : Uncorrected 20/30 , but corrected to 20 / 20 Meet refraction , accommodation and astigmatism requirementsCorrective eye surgery could be a disqualifierCombat Systems OfficerNormal color visionDistant vision : Uncorrected 20/200 , but corrected to 20 / 20 Near vision : Uncorrected 20 /40 , but corrected to 20 / 20 Meet refraction , accommodation and astigmatism requirementsCorrective eye surgery could be a disqualifier
SuperArc Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Austria 7781 Posts # 16 I blame North Korea ...
Snow - future of protoss ! :)
Nada = baller
Nal_rAwr Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 2611 Posts # 17 hallucinated recall on north korea Nony is Bonjwa
Caos2 Profile Joined November 2008 United States 1728 Posts # 18 On May 28 2010 23:18 SuperArc wrote :
I blame North Korea ...
emucxg Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Finland 3654 Posts # 19 On May 28 2010 23:18 SuperArc wrote :
I blame North Korea ...
loooool haha loooool haha
QuickStriker Profile Blog Joined January 2009 United States 3694 Posts # 20 On May 28 2010 23:18 SuperArc wrote :
I blame North Korea ...
I lol'd .... but this is really sad news ...
I thought he was exempted from military duties b/c of his bad eyesight ... wtf I lol'd .... but this is really sad news ...
I thought he was exempted from military duties b/c of his bad eyesight ... wtf www.twitch.tv/KoreanUsher
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next All
Tropicana , Pepsi , Doritos , Captain Crunch , Tostitos , Quaker Oats and Lay 's products sitting in a basket with Feeding America and PepsiCo Tasty Rewards logos on the basket .
Text that says " Save it Forward " and " You Save . We Donate . " Learn More CTA .
Sheikh to Terrorists : Go to Hell
Pakistani newspapers recently picked up an intriguing story from the country ’s security establishment .
Reporters learned that their government had intercepted a secret message circulating within Tehrik - e - Taliban , the most prominent of several militant groups trying to overthrow the government in Islamabad .
The jihadists , it seemed , had just added a new target to one of their death lists .
His name is Tahir ul - Qadri , and he ’s no government official .
He ’s one of Pakistan ’s leading Islamic scholars , an authority on the Quran and Islamic religious law .
It ’s no wonder the terrorists want to see Qadri dead .
Last month he promulgated a 600 - page legal ruling , a fatwa , that condemns terrorism as un-Islamic .
A few Western media outlets gave the news a nod , but the coverage quickly petered out .
And that ’s a pity , because the story of this fatwa is just beginning to get interesting .
" I have declared a jihad against terrorism , " says the 59 - year - old Qadri in an interview .
" I am trying to bring [ the terrorists ] back towards humanism .
This is a jihad against brutality , to bring them back towards normality .
This is an intellectual jihad . "
This is n’t empty rhetoric .
Last year militants killed one of Qadri ’s colleagues , a scholar named Sarfraz Ahmed Naeem , for expressing similar positions .
This is n’t the first time that a Muslim jurisprudent has denounced suicide bombings as contrary to the spirit of Islam .
But Qadri ’s ruling represents an important precedent nonetheless — one that could well contribute to the struggle between the suicide bombers ( and those who support them ) and a more moderate brand of Islamic politics .
Many Muslim scholars before Qadri , of course , have denounced terrorism .
What makes him significant is the uncompromising rigor of his vision , which deploys a vast array of classical Islamic sources to support the case that those who commit terrorist acts are absolutely beyond the pale .
He ’s especially keen on targeting the coming generation , younger members of the global ummah ( the community of believers ) who — he contends — have lost their bearings in the roiled post - 9/11 world .
Qadri ’s fatwa aims to establish a bit of healthy clarity .
His finding , which builds its argument around a meticulous reading of the Quran and the hadith ( collections of oral statements attributed to the Prophet Mohammed ) , makes the case that terrorist acts run completely counter to Islamic teaching .
While quite a few scholars before have condemned terrorism as haram ( forbidden ) , the new fatwa categorically declares it to be no less than kufr ( acts of disbelief ) .
" There was a need , " says Qadri , " to address this issue authentically , with full authority , with all relevant Quranic authority — so that [ the terrorists ] realize that whatever they ’ve been taught is absolutely wrong and that they ’re going to hellfire .
They ’re not going to have paradise , and they ’re not going to have 72 virgins in heaven .
They ’re totally on the wrong side . "
So it ’s not too hard to imagine why the Taliban are n’t amused .
" Qadri has been very bold in saying that these terrorists are awaited in hell , " says Hassan Abbas , a Pakistani scholar at Harvard University ’s Belfer Center .
" He is clearly provocative , in a positive sense , and this courageous act is also noteworthy . "
He notes that the fatwa includes a number of specific criticisms of the conservative Deoband movement , whose teachings underlie many of the militant Islamic groups in South Asia — something that has angered many of the Deobandis .
( Qadri himself is a prominent representative of the Barelvi school of Sunni Islam — a Sufi- influenced group that , says Abbas , has historically outnumbered the Deobandis in Pakistan . )
But few of the hard - core jihadis are likely to be swayed by Qadri ’s formidable scholarly credentials .
It ’s a different constituency that Qadri has in mind — namely the wavering middle .
Abbas , who describes himself as a member of that Muslim mainstream , says that Qadri ’s decision to announce the fatwa ’s publication in London rather than back home in Pakistan might have diminished its initial impact a bit .
" Interestingly , the fatwa has generated a debate in the blogosphere — among young Muslims living in the West , " he says .
" I think that can potentially be the most important contribution of this work in the short and medium term .
The fact that so many of his speeches and lectures are available online ( including on YouTube ) indicates that he is listened to globally and especially by educated Muslims . "
It also has n’t stopped the fatwa ( originally written in Urdu ) from gaining attention in publications ranging from the Middle East to the Philippines — attention that is likely to build as the entire weighty work gradually finds its way into relevant languages .
( The full English translation of the fatwa , for example , has only just been completed .
Qadri ’s aides are still on the lookout for a proper publisher in the West . )
Could it be that some onlookers are making too much of the whole thing ?
Ahmed Quraishi , a conservative Pakistani commentator based in Islamabad , disputes Qadri ’s influence , political or otherwise .
Other scholars before Qadri have condemned suicide bombings , he insists .
" Suicide is outlawed in Islam through clear injunctions in the Quran , " says Quraishi .
" But fighting and dying in self - defense is not .
In fact , it is encouraged .
So when a Muslim scholar comes out and says , ‘ suicide attacks are haram , ’ you need to see the finer print .
It is outlawed if it means killing the innocent .
But it is not if it means attacking invaders or occupiers . "
That , indeed , is what many have argued before .
Yet one of the things that makes Qadri ’s fatwa so compelling is precisely that it sweeps aside such logic .
The claim that terror is a legitimate or excusable response to oppression is , according to Qadri ’s finding , an " awful syllogism " because " evil can not become good under any circumstances . "
( To be sure , he also denounces occupation and acts of aggression against Islam — but insists that they must be resisted peaceably wherever possible and strictly according to the laws of war where not . )
What ’s more , as noted earlier , Qadri goes well beyond declaring terrorist acts to be merely " forbidden . "
In his view they ’re a manifestation of disbelief , not just a profound sin but a veritable denial of Islam .
This is , in a word , pretty strong stuff — additional evidence , if any were needed , that the so - called " war on terror " pales beside the war within Islam itself , the continuing , subtle , and utterly vital struggle for the soul of the faith .
So it will be worth keeping an eye on the impact these 600 pages will have on Islam ’s restless minds in the years to come .
" The real contribution of the fatwa can not be evident in a matter of a few weeks , " argues Abbas .
" The message will go out slowly . "
But go out it will .
Stay tuned .
If there 's one thing business types love more than their BlackBerry , it 's their BMW -- or so we 're told .
It makes all sorts of sense , therefore , that the two companies would partner up to help the things they sell communicate with each other more effortlessly .
Using Bluetooth MAP ( Message Access Profile ) , BlackBerry devices can now beam emails and contacts over to BMW 's iDrive dash system , where the driver can listen to his messages via a text - to - speech option or make calls using the car 's speakerphone .
The first supported handset is the newly minted Pearl 3G , and we 're told this functionality will come as an integrated part of BlackBerry 6 .
To see how it works on a 335 is , click past the break for the video .
[ Thanks , Horatiu ]
things i do to make life more interesting .
comic is late because a hobo stole a copper wire down the street which knocked all the phone and internet lines out .
i did n’t even have to make that up .
Share this :
This entry was posted on Friday , May 14th , 2010 at 4:00 pm and is filed under Comic .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
N E W S
Numerology & Catalina
New builds of both Numerology Pro and SE are now available for Catalina .
You can find them on the forum .
In Progress : Numerology 4.2 and 5.0
The current version of Numerology is 4.2 , which is a transitional release that includes updates and fixes for Numerology 4 , and a few hints of what is coming in the next big release .
Be sure to check the forum News section for the latest builds .
Upgrading to Numerology 4 ?
If you have Numerology 3 or earlier , all the info you need to upgrade to version 4.0 can be found here .
Five12 On The Web
Other than the Five12 Forum , a good way to keep track of what 's going on in Numerology - land is to follow the Five12 Facebook page , or Instagram .
And , of course , the Five12 YouTube channel .
Vector Sequencer : Firmware Update
The latest Vector Sequencer firmware is available here .
Vector Sequencer : Now Shipping
The Vector Sequencer is a sequencer for Eurorack modular .
It includes many of the goodies from Numerology in a tangible , touchable physical format , complete with a bold graphic design based around a pair of deliciously contrasty OLED displays .
It has eight parts , flexible I/O with both MIDI and CV , and loads of new generative sequencing tricks .
The Jack Expander greatly expands the CV options for the Vector by adding 4 sets of Pitch , Gate and Velocity CV , as well as 8 bi-directional triggers , MIDI I/O on DIN jacks , and DIN Sync .
For a full review and walkthrough , check out the Loopop Review .
For more specs and features , also check out modulargrid.net
You can download the manual here .
DEALERS :
US : Noisebug
US : Detroit Modular
US : Perfect Circuit
US : Analogue Haven
EU : SchneidersLaden
EU : Dupertuis
EU : Escape From Noise
UK : SignalSounds
UK : London Modular
AU : Found Sound
You can also order direct , contact us at : info ( at ) five 12 ( dot ) com .
What is Numerology ?
Numerology is a modular music sequencing and audio plugin environment for Mac OS X .
It takes the step sequencing and modulation metaphors established by the analog sequencers of the 70's , and implements them in a structured and highly interactive software environment designed for experimentation , improvisation and live performance .
By using Numerology in conjunction with your choice of Audio Unit plugins and hardware synths , you can create an open compositional environment that is truly your own .
To find out more , click here .
ESPN
The Magazine has a feature called “ Postcards from the Edge . ”
In it , pro athletes provide anecdotes regarding their lives .
In the latest issue , which hits newsstands Friday , Chiefs receiver Dwayne Bowe possibly says too much .
“ My rookie year , we were playing in San Diego , ” Bowe says .
“ You hear stories about groupies hanging out in hotel lobbies , but some of my teammates had it set up so there was a girl in every room .
The older guys get on MySpace and Facebook a week before we go to a city ; when a pretty one writes back , they arrange to fly her in three or four days in advance .
They call it importing . ”
( The federal government possibly would call it something else . )
“ Younger guys do n’t have the money to do it , ” Bowe added .
“ Anyway , these girls had the whole top floor .
They know everything about us — first and last names , sisters and brothers , salary .
This one girl was talking to me like she ’d known me for years .
‘ Hey , D - Bowe , how ’s Grandma ? ’
I ’m like , ‘ How do you know my grandma ? ’
She knew that I talk about her every time I ’m interviewed for a story .
“ I told her I had a girlfriend , but she did n’t care .
She was wearing my jersey , sitting in my lap , making it look like we knew each other .
Then she took a picture and put it on Facebook .
That almost got me in trouble . ”
Bowe may have avoided trouble that time .
But we ’ve got a feeling that trouble will be finding him now .
“ Mashable is excited to launch our new iPad app and we think Intridea has done a fantastic job .
There ’s high demand for Mashable on the iPad , and we think our readers will be as excited as we are about the launch ” , Pete Cashmore , CEO of Mashable , Inc .
Mashable is one of the world ’s largest blogs focused exclusively on Web 2.0 and Social Media news , with more than 15 million monthly pageviews .
We were very excited when approached to develop their iPad application .
Mashable already had a very popular iPhone application and it was our job to figure out the best way to take advantage of the iPad ’s increased real - estate and new user interface to be able to deliver something that all of their readers would enjoy .
One of the best things about the iPad is that it ’s a wonderful device for reading .
Whether you ’re reading the news , a book , or a comic , the increased screen size makes the experience much more enjoyable .
We wanted to make reading the latest articles on Mashable just as enjoyable .
Not only can you see the latest news from all of their different news channels , but the articles themselves are formatted in a way that makes them very easy to read .
There are many other applications that allow you to read news on the iPad , but none of them take into account the way that you hold the iPad .
Normally , when you hold the iPad with two hands , your thumbs are able to touch the screen .
Other iPad applications have very un-intuitive ways of jumping to the next article by having small buttons on either the top left or top right corner of the window .
We took into account the way that people hold their iPads and enabled them to easily go from article to article just by tapping on either side of the window .
Reading the latest news from Mashable is just some of what you can do with the application .
With Mashable ! for iPad , you can also share what you ’re reading in many different ways .
You can e-mail the article to a friend , share it on Twitter or Facebook , and you can also save it to Read Later on Instapaper .
Mashable ! for iPad is now available for free on the App Store .
Also , you can expect some exciting new features for Mashable ! for iPad soon .
There are some great new features that are in the works .
Intridea offers services for application development on all major mobile platforms , which include iPad , iPhone , Android , BlackBerry , and Palm webOS .
If you need help with your mobile application feel free to contact us for a quote .
Our Navy commandoes fell right into the hands of the Gaza mission members .
A few minutes before the takeover attempt aboard the Marmara got underway , the operation commander was told that 20 people were waiting on the deck where a helicopter was to deploy the first team of the elite Flotilla 13 unit .
The original plan was to disembark on the top deck , and from there rush to the vessel ’s bridge and order the Marmara ’s captain to stop .
Israeli Explanation Barak : Sail 's organizers responsible for deadly raid Attila Somfalvi ( Video ) Defense minister , IDF chief of staff and Navy commander explain Israeli considerations following takeover of aid ships sailing to Gaza , which left at least 10 pro-Palestinian activists dead .
' We regret the casualties , but soldiers were in danger ' Barak : Sail 's organizers responsible for deadly raid
Navy commandoes slid down to the vessel one by one , yet then the unexpected occurred :
The passengers that awaited them on the deck pulled out bats , clubs , and slingshots with glass marbles , assaulting each soldier as he disembarked .
The fighters were nabbed one by one and were beaten up badly , yet they attempted to fight back .
However , to their misfortune , they were only equipped with paintball rifles used to disperse minor protests , such as the ones held in Bilin .
The paintballs obviously made no impression on the activists , who kept on beating the troops up and even attempted to wrest away their weapons .
One soldier who came to the aid of a comrade was captured by the rioters and sustained severe blows .
The commandoes were equipped with handguns but were told they should only use them in the face of life - threatening situations .
When they came down from the chopper , they kept on shouting to each other “ do n’t shoot , do n’t shoot , ” even though they sustained numerous blows .
‘ I saw the tip of a rifle ’
The Navy commandoes were prepared to mostly encounter political activists seeking to hold a protest , rather than trained street fighters .
The soldiers were told they were to verbally convince activists who offer resistance to give up , and only then use paintballs .
They were permitted to use their handguns only under extreme circumstances .
The planned rush towards the vessel ’s bridge became impossible , even when a second chopper was brought in with another crew of soldiers .
“ Throw stun grenades , ” shouted Flotilla 13 ’s commander who monitored the operation .
The Navy chief was not too far , on board a speedboat belonging to Flotilla 13 , along with forces who attempted to climb into the back of the ship .
The forces hurled stun grenades , yet the rioters on the top deck , whose number swelled up to 30 by that time , kept on beating up about 30 commandoes who kept gliding their way one by one from the helicopter .
At one point , the attackers nabbed one commando , wrested away his handgun , and threw him down from the top deck to the lower deck , 30 feet below .
The soldier sustained a serious head wound and lost his consciousness .
Only after this injury did Flotilla 13 troops ask for permission to use live fire .
The commander approved it :
You can go ahead and fire .
The soldiers pulled out their handguns and started shooting at the rioters ’ legs , a move that ultimately neutralized them .
Meanwhile , the rioters started to fire back at the commandoes .
“ I saw the tip of a rifle sticking out of the stairwell , ” one commando said .
“ He fired at us and we fired back .
We did n’t see if we hit him .
We looked for him later but could n’t find him . ”
Two soldiers sustained gunshot wounds to their knee and stomach after rioters apparently fired at them using guns wrested away from troops .
2 errors
During the commotion , another commando was stabbed with a knife .
In a later search aboard the Marmara , soldiers found caches of bats , clubs , knives , and slingshots used by the rioters ahead of the IDF takeover .
It appeared the activists were well prepared for a fight .
Some passengers on the ship stood at the back and pounded the soldiers ’ hands as they attempted to climb on board .
Only after a 30 - minute shootout and brutal assaults using clubs and knifes did commandoes manage to reach the bridge and take over the Marmara .
It appears that the error in planning the operation was the estimate that passengers were indeed political activists and members of humanitarian groups who seek a political provocation , but would not resort to brutal violence .
The soldiers thought they will encounter Bilin - style violence ; instead , they got Bangkok .
The forces that disembarked from the helicopters were few ; just dozens of troops – not enough to contend with the large group awaiting them .
The second error was that commanders did not address seriously enough the fact that a group of men were expecting the soldiers on the top deck .
Had they addressed this more seriously , they may have hurled tear - gas grenades and smoke grenades from the helicopter to create a screen that would have enabled them to carry out their mission , without the fighters falling right into the hands of the rioters , who severely assaulted them .
Sure are an awful lot of " wrong numbers " hanging around the Republican Party these days .
The Republican Party has made it pretty clear recently that they have a lot of interest in getting inside the American bedroom , between attempts to cut of reproductive health access and declaring marriage as only a legal arrangement fit for members of the opposite sex .
But maybe they are thinking about sex a little too much these days ?
For the second time in under two months , Republicans have launched a new initiative , with its own 800 number , and accidentally gave out a phone sex hotline number instead .
Note to GOPers looking to brand a clever slogan : 1-800 - CUT - GOVT , which certainly sounds like a Republican spending - slashing enterprise , is actually a phone - sex line .
A call to the number ( which an HOH tipster pointed out sounds a bit like the “ YouCut ” initiative that House Minority Whip Eric Cantor rolled out Wednesday ) is greeted with a breathy message .
“ Ooh , baby , ” a woman ’s voice intones .
“ Want to play with me and my hot friends ? ” Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Clearly , she ’s not hot for fiscal conservatism either , judging from the rest of the message .
You would think that they would be double checking their numbers better before going public .
It was only last month that the RNC also gave out a phone - sex number , that time to potential donors .
[ I ]t turns out the RNC inadvertently listed a phone - sex number on a fundraising letter sent to potential donors .
People who tried to call the committee were instead offered “ live , one - on - one talk with a nasty girl ” for $ 2.99 a minute .
RNC spokesman Doug Heye said a typographical error caused the letter to contain a toll - free 800 number rather than Washington ’s 202 area code .
Good thing that one was just a typographical error .
With so many repeat instances , you have to wonder if they ’ve got a bunch of phone - sex hotline numbers just circling around the offices .
Recently , the German film production company Constantin Film AG began issuing takedown notices to people who had posted re-subtitled clips from Constantin ’s copyrighted movie Der Untergang , known to Americans as “ Downfall . ”
In an Internet meme that began years ago but caught on at a whole new level this year , people used basic video editing tools such as Windows Movie Maker to add funny subtitles to clips from the super - serious film , so that Adolf Hitler appeared to be enraged because his iPhone app was rejected , or because his favorite TV show was canceled .
The fad grew so huge that The New York Times published how - to instructions .
It seemed strange that Constantin waited so long to do anything , especially since the movie ’s producer expressed his love for the parodies .
Today , a Google product manager who works on YouTube posted a blog entry explaining that YouTube now has an automated system for dealing with takedown notices such as those from Constantin .
It ’s built around YouTube ’s Content ID system for identifying and managing individual clips .
Here ’s the surprise part :
If a YouTube user chooses to dispute a claim of copyright infringement by claiming to be within the bounds of American “ fair use ” laws , the video — which YouTube would have removed as soon as the infringement claim was made — will be restored to YouTube immediately .
The claimant must then file a formal notification under rules specified by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
In short , the new system benefits makers of parody remixes of video clips , because parody is one of the areas covered by fair use laws .
It ’s hard to say exactly where the boundaries are , but YouTube has basically put the burden back onto copyright holders to get their works taken down , rather than challenging YouTube members to keep them up .
Image caption Girls say social networking is more influential than television or magazines
Facebook has become one of the biggest influences on the lives of girls , according to a survey .
A study of eight to 15 - year - olds for National Family Week found 40 % of girls identified Facebook as one of the most important things in their lives - compared with 6 % of boys .
Parents were found to underestimate the significance of technology .
The role of social networking was particularly important in families with a single mother as parent .
The survey , carried out last month and based on 3,000 parents and 1,000 children across the UK , looked at the perceptions of children and parents of family life .
Online life
It was commissioned by National Family Week - an event supported by charities including the NSPCC and the Women 's Institute - which encourages families to spend more time together .
The survey presents a picture of girls using social networking as something central to their social and family life .
Girls saw websites such as Facebook as much more influential than television , magazines , celebrities and even their own brothers and sisters .
Asked to name the three most important things in their lives , the most popular choices for girls were friends , family and then Facebook and MSN .
For boys , family was much more of a popular choice - chosen by 73 % of boys , compared with 53 % of girls .
For their other choices , boys identified money and friends as their next most important things .
Social networking was a much lower priority for boys - only 6 % selecting it in their top three things in their lives , compared with 40 % of girls .
Girls are also more likely to believe that technology - in the form of social networking and mobile phones - has a major influence on their lives .
While 41 % of girls think technology is one of their biggest influences , only 17 % of boys believe this .
Relationship with parents
Girls see their big influences as parents , teachers and technology - while boys identify parents , friends and school .
The survey claims that parents have failed to keep up with their children 's use of technology , overestimating their own importance in their children 's lives .
According to Facebook 's own policy , children should not register to use the website until they are aged 13 .
The survey also looked at how children viewed their relationships with their parents .
It found that both boys and girls would much rather have stories read to them by their mother - but that girls felt closer to their fathers , while boys felt closer to their mothers .
National Family
Week runs from 31 May to 6 June .
In the summer of 2009 , the press had a collective freak - out over so - called " high - frequency trading , " where math , physics , and AI whizzes from the nation 's top universities program the world 's most powerful computers to trade against one another on electronic stock exchanges for microsecond advantages and billions of dollars .
That 's actually how the markets work now .
But by the end of the year , the frenzy had died down , as such frenzies do .
The practice is back with a vengeance in 2010 , and the SEC is close to wrapping up the first phase of its investigation into the issue .
It will surprise no one that one of the reforms being seriously considered is not a reform at all .
The SEC kicked off its investigation this past January with the release of a very good , quite readable 74 - page document [ PDF ] on market structure in the age of electronic trading .
The agency then asked for comments from the public — everyone from large institutional investors and hedge funds to individual traders — on any and all aspects of the way our markets currently operate .
The release contains some good charts and data showing the degree to which various forms of electronic trading have changed the complexion of the markets by drastically decreasing the amount of time it takes to execute a trade , decreasing the number of trades per day that take place on the NYSE ( many take place in other electronic venues ) , and massively increasing the number of shares that change hands in a day .
In other words , the market for NYSE - listed stocks are now very fast and very high volume , but most of that activity is n't taking place on the NYSE itself .
( The report focuses on the NYSE . )
Based on the metrics used in the report , there 's no question that the market for US stocks is very different in key respects from what it was in 2005 , so what the SEC is essentially asking the public is , are the markets better or worse off for all the changes ?
The agency is especially focused on how the changes impact long - term investors , and on the question of whether long - term , buy - and - hold investors can ( and will ) fairly and profitably participate in a market dominated by the kind of " trading battlebots " described above .
The document acknowledges that these are open questions , hence the request for public comment .
Fairness , technology , and the big picture
Much of the release 's discussion around high - frequency trading , electronic crossing networks , dark pools , and other beasts in the electronic trading menagerie focuses on fairness , and on possible ways of defining fairness in light of technological advances .
One of the core issues in this regard is the practice of colocation , where trading firms pay big money for the privilege of locating their servers on the same premises as the exchange 's servers ( in some cases , in the same rack ) .
This physical proximity gives a latency advantage over their competitors , and high - frequency traders can use that very thin edge to reap huge profits .
In the concept release and in recent public remarks , the SEC has both contemplated a ban on colocation and ( in the same breath ) acknowledged that such a ban would amount to a technologically illiterate nonreform .
If you banned colocation , the latency competition would just move into an adjacent building ; this is because the competition is n't for the lowest absolute latency , but for the lowest latency relative to competitors .
So increasing everyone 's absolute latency by banning colocation solves exactly nothing , and the SEC knows and admits this .
This is the point where the agency throws up its hands and turns the question on the public , but mostly in a manner that weakly attempts to disguise rhetorical questions as real ones .
For instance , pages 41 and 42 of the concept release ask , " What standards should the Commission apply in assessing the fairness of the equity markets ?
For example , is it unfair for market participants to obtain a competitive advantage by investing in technology and human resources that enable them to trade more effectively and profitably than others ? "
Obviously , any reasonable person will answer the second question with a " no . "
And this is why , instead of issuing a public request for comments , the SEC would have done better to issue a public request for better questions first .
Most of the questions surrounding HFT are big - picture questions about the safety , sanity , and social costs of having a financial sector that sucks up so much of the brainpower of our collective best and brightest , and puts that brainpower to work producing secret technologies for making money by moving money around .
In a bygone era , all of these math , science , and engineering brains would have been employed by US industries to make things that Americans can either sell to foreigners or kill them with .
Today , Americans make who - knows - what advances in AI , pattern recognition , language processing , data analysis , information retrieval , etc. that never find their way into either a commercial product or a peer - reviewed journal .
And then there 's the question of potential downsides to turning our markets into massive , networked information systems that operate in many cases not only without human intervention , but faster than humans can possibly react and intervene .
Instead of asking if it's " unfair for market participants to obtain a competitive advantage by investing in technology and human resources that enable them to trade more effectively and profitably than others , " perhaps the SEC ( or Congress ) should ask if it 's good for the country .
Or , to put it in terms that Wall Street understands , is it " fair " to focus so exclusively on the efficiency of markets in allocating capital , that we allow a massive misallocation of precious human capital to occur ?
Perhaps it 's the case that these more important , bigger - picture questions are beyond the SEC 's purview .
If so , they should be taken up by Congress .
As for things that the SEC can either do or recommend to address the challenges posed by HFT , there 's actually a straightforward way to tell if someone is serious about reforming a particular financial sector practice : if they propose just changing the rules ( as with the colocation idea ) , they 're not serious ; if they propose changing incentives , they are .
For instance , it 's popular among Wall Street types to claim that if you want less of something , you tax it .
This idea works great for HFT .
The many proposals to heavily tax the proceeds from microsecond trades are made by people who are serious about seeing the bulk of market activity shift away from " trading battlebots " and back towards long - term investing , because that would make the behavior unprofitable .
In contrast , consider the ultimate rule change : a total ban on computer - automated trading of any sort .
Such a rule would just create incentives for firms to design algorithms that can disguise their trading activity to look like it 's coming from an office full of humans .
All of this is not to say that the rule changes contemplated in the document , especially around dark pools , liquidity rebates , and mass order cancellations , would n't level the playing field a bit for smaller trading shops and individuals .
But it may be up to Congress to address the larger questions of balance , fairness , and incentives in a way that amounts to real reform .
Shada by Douglas Adams
Starring Paul McGann , Lalla Ward and John Leeson
The most dangerous book in the universe has been stolen .
Adam Pynacker 's ' Boatmen on the shore ' ( left ) , and Sam Leach 's ' Proposal ' ( right ) , which won this the Wynne Prize .
Edmund Capon , the director of the Art Gallery of NSW , which awards the prize , said he did not think the paintings ' similarity would embarrass the judges '' one jot ' ' .
'' When the picture came up , I think everybody looked at it … and they all thought : ' What a wonderful painting - it looks like a late 17th - century Dutch landscape . '
And that was my first instinct .
So what ?'' he said .
'' It 's not a copy .
There 's vast differences in detail , apart from the fact that the scale is somewhat different , too . ''
It was n't a problem to have one artist interpreting another accurately , he said .
'' There 's nothing new about that . ''
Artist Sam Leach .
Credit : Roger Cummins Artist Lindy Lee , who is one of gallery 's 11 trustees who judge the Wynne , said all art was drawn from somewhere and Leach 's canvas was small but had a ' ' vastness ' ' that was compelling to all the judges .
'' For me it was just so obvious that it fell within a genre and in a way was a kind of homage to that genre that it was n't particularly an issue , '' she said .
'' And it 's still not an issue that Sam 's painting and Pynacker 's painting have similar compositions . ''
Leach being named winner was not at all embarrassing for the judges .
'' Anything you do in the Archibald and Wynne , somebody 's going to call it embarrassing for you .
And so OK , fine , whatever .
This is not embarrassing …
I think it 's a very interesting question about originality and uniqueness and what makes something authentic . ''
Had the judges known how closely the painting reassembled Pynacker 's work - held at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam - would they have given Leach the prize ?
'' This is always hard to say , '' she said , adding that having so many judges made it hard to know .
Dr Lee said the resemblance was not brought up among judges .
'' We have to view 1800 paintings , '' she said .
'' We are not going to discuss the historical traditions and the lineage of each painting , and even not when it comes down to the final two or three .
What you 're talking about is the compelling nature of the piece itself . ''
Leach said part of his practice involved '' appropriating ' ' past works and adjusting them .
He did it controversially in 2008 when he adopted a pose from a well - known photo of Adolf Hilter for a self - portrait he entered in the Archibald Prize , which is held concurrently with the Wynne .
As for the Wynne 's rule that the landscape be Australian , that was n't a problem , either .
Leach said his painting that took out the Wynne was '' a projection into some kind of idealised future ' ' and that people saw landscapes '' through a certain kind of constructed idea of what a landscape should be ' ' .
Sydney Morning Herald art critic , John McDonald , said Leech 's painting was ' ' basically a copy ' ' of Pynacker 's canvas with minor changes - most noticeably the removal of the boat and figures - and that there was unwritten assumption in the prize that it was for an original , Australian landscape .
But Leach was a serious artist who liked to play visual games and use past images , he said .
'' I do n't think Sam is really the villain here .
I think it 's the judges who are culpable for making a rather silly decision …
It is an embarrassment for the art gallery .
It shows up how little judgment they showed . ''
Today 's Metro reports that the BNP leader Nick Griffin , who is standing for parliament in Barking , Essex , was criticised for campaigning alongside a man in army uniform at the weekend .
The far - right , anti-immigration party , which is hoping to pick up votes by playing on people 's disquiet at the war in Afghanistan , was criticised by a soldiers ' charity , ABS , which said there was " no place in the army for racism or politics " .
Metro claims not to know whether the man pictured with Griffin is a serving soldier .
However , I can reveal he is no such thing : his name is Adam Walker , 41 , a BNP member and former teacher who faces being struck off by the General Teaching Council for posting racist messages on the internet during a lesson .
On Saturday he was parading in front of news cameras gathered in Barking to cover the BNP 's campaign launch .
Asked if he was a real soldier , he admitted he was n't .
" I 'm wearing this uniform in solidarity with our boys in Afghanistan , " Walker said .
You can read a full report on the BNP 's campaign in Barking in Thursday 's magazine .
A new study called Are Cows More Likely to Lie Down the Longer They Stand ?
adds to our knowledge of what cows do and why they do it .
Some researchers succumb to temptation – hazarding unprovable guesses as to cows ' intentions , motivations and desires .
Five scientists in Scotland , though , took a careful path , methodically measuring a very specific part of the what , and not guessing too wildly at the why .
Bert Tolkamp , Marie Haskell , Fritha Langford , David Roberts and Colin Morgan , based at the Scottish Agricultural College , published their monograph in the journal Applied Animal Behaviour Science .
It builds upon a large body of work by other researchers .
Some of the earlier reports have almost poetical titles .
The best in that respect is ( in my opinion , at least ) a Swedish report called Effects of Milking Frequency on Lying Down and Getting Up Behaviour of Dairy Cows .
Its authors , Sara Osterman and Ingrid Redbo of the Kungsängen Research Centre in Uppsala , argue that milking thrice a day – rather than twice – " contributes to increased comfort in high - producing dairy cows " .
The Scottish team focused on questions that stem indirectly from that Swedish study .
Tolkamp , Haskell , Langford , Roberts and Morgan set out to test two hypotheses – two educated guesses – about the nature of cowhood .
First , they hypothesized that the longer a cow has been lying down , the more likely it soon will stand up .
After gathering lots of what - did - the - cows - do data , they report that yes , this is exactly what happens .
Generally speaking , you can't keep a good cow down , not for long , not if the cow is healthy .
Their second hypothesis looked at things the other way round .
They predicted the longer a cow has been standing up , the more likely it is to lie down .
Here the cows gave them a surprise .
After ruminating over their results , the team decided that no , their expectation was wrong .
The truth , they conclude , is that once a cow has stood up , you can't easily predict how soon it will lie down again .
This kind of experiment , if it is to produce trustworthy results , requires a series of careful technical decisions .
How many cows should you watch , under what circumstances , and for how long ?
How can you reliably monitor whether and when each cow has officially stood up or flopped down ?
The scientists examined three groups of cows .
They attached an electronic sensor to each animal , to automatically note and record the cow 's ups and downs .
They then validated some of the findings , by watching video recordings of some cows and comparing what they saw with what the sensors had said .
Some mysteries persist .
" The question of why some cows had total daily resting times less than half of those achieved by other cows in the same experiment , as well as many other questions " , says the report , " remain to be addressed in future research . "
( Thanks to Richard Wassersug for bringing this to my attention . )
Marc Abrahams
• Marc Abrahams is editor of the bimonthly Annals of Improbable Research and organiser of the Ig Nobel prize
A crowd gathers for a meeting at the stern of the MV Marmara passenger boat , part of the Free Gaza flotilla .
Credit : Kate Geraghty
11.45 pm : For the past hour , we have been observing a series of lights beyond the six sets of lights that are the flotilla ships .
Were they non-military sea traffic , or was the Israeli Navy on top of us ?
Kate Geraghty uses her biggest lens to capture an image of what we can't really see .
Blown up , it is too grainy to publish , but at the same time , clearly , it is a navy vessel .
There are two on either side of the flotilla , at a distance of more than one kilometre .
10.55 pm : Reading the call as intimidation , Free Gaza Movement chairwoman Huwaida Arraf rejected it out of hand .
10.50 pm : The Israeli Navy engaged the flotilla , making a radio call to each ship or boat , warning the captains they were not welcome in Israeli waters , and that they were putting themselves , their passengers and their vessels at risk by attempting to proceed to Gaza .
( Listen to Paul McGeough 's report )
The first call came on a sultry Mediterranean about 10.30 pm , with a sky filled with stars and a stunning orange moon reflected off oily waters as those on the ships sensed they were being shadowed .
The MV Challenger I , renamed Samoud , which in Arabic means steadfast , and on which myself and photographer Kate Geraghty are travelling , received its own blunt warning not to proceed .
Listen to the exchange
A Jordanian man has been charged with raping and murdering his daughter after allegedly impregnating her and then carrying out an abortion during which she died .
" The 19 - year - old woman died on Sunday morning of severe internal bleeding after her father performed an abortion to get rid of a five - month - old foetus to hide his crime [ in Zarqa , northeast of Amman ] , " a police spokesman said .
" The 46 - year - old suspect , who was charged with premeditated murder , rape and abortion , has confessed ... he said he has been having sex with his daughter for the past five years and that her mother knew about his acts . "
The man faces the death penalty if convicted , the spokesman said .
It was unclear if police arrested the victim 's mother .
AFP
No matter how many times I photograph the moon , every photo seems to reveal surface features I had n't previously noticed .
Tonight the shadows fell just right for the Apennine Mountains to show to the west of the Sea of Serenity .
The range includes Mons Huygens , the highest mountain on the moon at 5000m .
For more than 20 years , it was settled law , born of bitter experience , that the government may not eavesdrop on people in the United States without a warrant .
Until , that is , after the 9/11 attacks , when President George W. Bush ordered the National Security Agency to ignore the law .
When The Times disclosed the spying in late 2005 , Mr. Bush argued that the attacks changed everything :
Due process and privacy were luxuries the country could no longer afford .
Far too many members of Congress bought this argument .
Others , afraid of being painted as soft on terror , refused to push back .
In 2008 , at the White House ’s insistence , they expanded the government ’s ability to eavesdrop without warrants .
Even that was not enough for the Bush administration , which insisted that targets of the earlier , illegal spying could not sue the government because what happened was “ too secret ” even to be discussed in court .
The Obama administration has embraced the secrecy argument and has used it to block several cases .
Fortunately , it has not completely succeeded .
The chief judge of the Federal District Court in San Francisco , Vaughn Walker , ruled last week that the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act was the law of the land for Mr. Bush and that when the government failed to get a warrant to wiretap , it broke the law .
He also said that the government could not evade accountability with absurdly broad claims of state secrets .
Introduction
Welcome to the official blog of vucommodores.com .
A couple of us McGugin staffers will post regular updates to keep you informed on the latest Commodore news .
The first high - speed network link that is so secure it is theoretically unbreakable has been created , thanks to quantum physics .
A team at Toshiba Research Europe in Cambridge , UK , has sent encrypted data at over 1 megabit per second along 50 kilometres of optical fibre .
That ’s fast enough to stream video .
Secure links like Toshiba ’s involve one user sending a secret “ key ” to the other , encoded into the quantum properties of a string of single photons .
Quantum mechanics ensures that any attempt to intercept this quantum key will change it , revealing the attack .
Until now , the fastest way to send the encoded photons was through the air , but the best spanned not much more than 700 metres .
For quantum encryption to be practical , the photons need to travel further and use existing infrastructure , such as the optical fibre that already forms the internet ’s backbone .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , optical fibre can only transmit light over long distances when it is of a certain wavelength .
Individual photons of that wavelength are difficult to detect , but Toshiba has now developed a detector that can pick them up .
Journal reference : Applied Physics Letters ( DOI : 10.1063/1.3385293 )
President Obama 's Guantanamo Review Task Force has “ unanimously ” concluded that 48 detainees at Guantanamo should be detained indefinitely — in essence , a life sentence — without trial , including lifetime detention for some detainees who , the commission concluded , had n't committed any crimes that “ constitute a chargeable offense in either a federal court or military commission . ”
The Washington Post revealed May 28 that the Task Force decided to repatriate the majority of the 240 detainees they investigated , while other detainees should be tried in criminal court or by “ military commissions ” the Obama administration would reconstitute .
Most Guantanamo detainees have already languished in prison for eight years without trial , and the commission — consisting of officials from the intelligence , military , Defense , Homeland Security , State and Justice departments — concluded the following of the 48 detainees who would remain in prison without trial indefinitely :
Generally these detainees cannot be prosecuted because either there is presently insufficient admissible evidence to establish the detainee 's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt in either a federal court or military commission , or the detainee 's conduct does not constitute a chargeable offense in either a federal court or military commission .
In other words , the Obama administration officials think the detainees might have committed a crime but can't be sure , or they are sure the detainees did n't commit a crime and want to keep them in prison for life anyway .
The untrammeled power of government to throw people into prison without a trial by jury was a key grievance the Founding Fathers cited in their reason for separating from Britain , charging the British with “ depriving us in many cases , of the benefit of trial by jury ” in the Declaration of Independence .
Therefore , the Founding Fathers sought to require both due process of law for all those arrested in the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution :
No person shall be ... be deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law .
And they also guaranteed an unqualified right to trial by jury in the Sixth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution :
In all criminal prosecutions , the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial , by an impartial jury of the state and district wherein the crime shall have been committed , which district shall have been previously ascertained by law , and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation ; to be confronted with the witnesses against him ; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor , and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense .
Of course , the 48 designated for life imprisonment without trial is only the beginning .
The U.S. government holds hundreds of other detainees at other prisons around the world , such as those at Bagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan ( which has more detainees than Guantanamo ) .
The “ unanimous ” but blatantly unconstitutional precedent set by this ruling could mean that these other detainees — or anyone else the Obama administration detains — could also receive life imprisonment without trial under the Obama policy .
The Task Force concluded that 126 detainees should be approved for repatriation to their home countries ( of which 44 have already been released ) , 44 should be prosecuted ( prosecution of six in federal court and six more in “ military tribunals ” has already been announced ) , and 48 are designated for indefinite detention without trial .
An additional 30 Yemeni detainees were deemed to be eligible for repatriation to their home country when the Yemeni government stabilizes .
The trial by “ military commissions ” would also be a blatant violation of the Sixth Amendment 's requirement of trial by jury of peers as well as its requirement that the “ district shall have been previously ascertained by law . ”
In the case of the military tribunals , the district will be created eight years after the offense and specifically to get convictions in alleged crimes that occurred years earlier .
The Task Force reviewed the cases of the 240 who remained in the Cuban military base in early 2009 when President Obama ordered the review .
Of the 779 people who were detained at Guantanamo since 2002 , not one has yet been given a criminal trial under either the ordinary criminal ( civilian ) process or the Uniform Code of Military Justice reserved to members of armed forces .
Two - thirds of the detainees ( 530 of the 779 ) were released or repatriated to their home countries .
Several detainees were convicted under unconstitutional “ military commissions , ” first by the Bush administration and later by Congress ' Military Commissions
Act of 2006 , but the Supreme Court ruled the military commissions unconstitutional in successive cases , ending in the famous Boumediene case in 2008 .
The Obama administration 's justification for holding the 48 detainees for life without a trial is the 2001 Authorization of the Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) passed by Congress .
In essence , the Obama administration claims that a mere law passed by Congress overcomes the explicit and unequivocal wording of the Constitution 's Bill of Rights .
The Task Force rationalized the decision for indefinite detention this way :
As the Supreme Court has held , inherent within the authorization of the AUMF to “ use all necessary and appropriate force ” is the power to detain any individuals who fall within the scope of the statute .
As the Supreme Court observed , “ by universal agreement and practice , ” the power to wage war necessarily includes the authority to capture and detain combatants in order to prevent them from “ returning to the field of battle and taking up arms once again . ”
This determination by the Guantanamo Review Task Force represents the final victory of the policies of George W. Bush in the Obama administration , and is in many respects constitutionally worse than the Bush policy .
The Bush administration talked about holding people indefinitely , but there was always the hope that trials or release would eventually be obtained .
The Guantanamo Review Task Force makes the Bush policy explicit , bipartisan , and permanent .
It contitutes the first case in American history where the U.S. government has explicitly concluded that it has the power to lock up anyone for life without ever holding a trial of any kind .
There is no greater mark of tyranny than a government that can throw a person into prison for life at the whim of an executive without any sort of impartial review .
But the Obama administration makes this arbitrary power worse when its Guantanamo Review Task Force admits that some of those it is throwing into prison for life have not committed a crime .
That 's precisely what the review said when it admitted that some detainees being selected for lifetime detention without a trial had not committed anything that would “ constitute a chargeable offense in either a federal court or military commission . ”
Many should now be asking :
If this decision is allowed to stand , can we still call America the “ land of the free ” ?
And if freedom - loving Americans do n't work to return their government to the Constitution , are we still the “ home of the brave ” ?
Photo : AP Images
Warner Bros .
Pictures has released the first official teaser one sheet for Vincenzo Natali ’s Splice , the film that had people talking at this past January ’s Sundance Film Festival .
Arriving in theaters June 4 , the pic follows superstar genetic engineers Clive ( Adrien Brody ) and Elsa ( Sarah Polley ) who specialize in splicing together DNA from different animals to create incredible new hybrids .
Now they secretly conduct their own experiments .
The result is Dren , an amazing , strangely beautiful creature that exceeds their wildest dreams , until she threatens to become their worst nightmare .
Click here for images and trailers :
NORTHERN Ireland 's Culture Minister has called on the local Ulster Museum to put on exhibits reflecting the view that the world was made by God only several thousand years ago .
Nelson McCausland , a born - again Christian who believes that Ulster Protestants are one of the lost tribes of Israel , has written to the museum 's board of trustees urging them to reflect creationist and intelligent design theories of the universe 's origins .
The minister , a member of the Democratic Unionist Party , said the inclusion of anti-Darwinian theories in the museum was ''a human rights issue ' ' .
Mr McCausland defended a letter he wrote to the trustees calling for anti-evolution exhibitions at the museum .
He claimed around one - third of Northern Ireland 's population believed either in intelligent design or that the universe was created about 6000 years ago .
Mr McCausland denied he was trying to dictate the content of material on the origins of life to the Ulster Museum , saying he was merely calling for the museum to reflect the diversity of views on how the universe was created within the province .
Geez Sophie
Howard you sure know how to drive the boys crazy do n't you ?
Stripping out of an elegant but oh so seductive outfit and then slowly taking off your black mesh bra .
If would see this in real life ( not a chance no point of reminding me lol ) I would probably faint ...
More of Sophie Howard and so many more models at Only Tease
Effective Date : May 25 , 2018
Celestis , Inc. ( " Celestis " ) is a subsidiary of Space Services Holdings , Inc. , the commercial space pioneer whose memorial spaceflights have served hundreds from around the world .
Celestis knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
In this Privacy Statement , Celestis shall mean the Celestis Website managed by Space Services Holdings , Inc. ( " we " ) , operating at www.celestis.com.
Celestis takes your privacy very seriously and places it at the core of our decisions when providing you with this service .
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Celestis when you access the site ( including through the websites of our partners ) , how the information will be used , and how you can control the collection , correction and / or deletion of information .
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means ( including offline ) or from other sources .
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms .
The use of information collected through our Sites shall be limited to the purposes under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service to customers .
Celestis respects the privacy of our customers .
Any and all information captured on this web site is for internal use by Celestis only .
We do not sell mailing lists , email lists , or give out any of your personal information in any way .
Information Collection And Use
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Celestis .
Here are the types of information we gather :
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site ( contact information and submissions ) or give us in any other way .
You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our store , and communicating with you .
Information you give us includes , but is not limited to , that which you provide when searching for a product , placing an order , communicating with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise , completing a questionnaire or a contest entry form , or providing employer information for a corporate account .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and phone numbers , credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped including addresses , phone numbers , and e-mail address .
Automatic Information :
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
Like many websites , we employ " cookies " that obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Celestis , advertisements , and other content served by or on behalf of Celestis on other websites .
Examples of automatic information we collect and analyze include the internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the internet , login , e-mail address , password , computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug - in types and versions , operating system , and platform , purchase history which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features customized for you .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse - overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
As you browse the Celestis website , advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in .
Our display advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Celestis .
The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name , email address , postal address , or telephone number .
Email Communications :
To help us make emails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open email from Celestis if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , you can adjust your Customer Communication Preferences or , unsubscribe from receiving any future emails .
We will use and disclose your Personal Information only as follows :
To promote use , including continued use , of our Services .
For example , if you leave your personal information when you visit our Website and do not sign up for any of our services or programs , we may send you one or more emails asking whether you wish to sign up .
If you use any of our Services , and may benefit from using one or more other Services we offer , we may send you an email telling you about the other Service or Services .
To bill and collect sums owed to us for any products you purchase from us .
Uses for this purpose include sending you emails , invoices , receipts and notices of delinquency , to alert you if we need a different credit card number , and to otherwise try to collect money owed .
We use third parties to handle secure credit card transaction processing and send billing information to such third parties , who maintain all information in confidence , to process your orders and credit card payments .
To learn more about what steps we take to safeguard such data , see below .
To provide customer support and obtain feedback .
For internal use , whether in the form actually received or pseudonymously or anonymously , by way of example and not limitation circulating email addresses internally for identifying the most common web hosts used by our customers , or reviewing IP addresses for information about the general geographic areas of origin of our users .
To disclose the information that we have to you in response to any valid request from you to know what of your information we possess , and in response to a valid request to exercise your “ right to be forgotten ” as detailed further below .
To communicate with you concerning your account for an informational , as opposed to promotional , purpose .
To send you informational and promotional materials that you elect ( “ opt-in ” ) to receive .
YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy law , you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold :
The right to request access to and to receive your personal information that is collected by Celestis
The right to request updates to any of your personal information that is inaccurate or incomplete .
The right to erase your personal information such as when the information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed .
The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances , such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you , for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information .
The right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation , to the processing of your personal information , and to object to processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes , to the extent it is related to such direct marketing .
If you wish to exercise one of these rights , please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy .
Cookies And Tracking Technologies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add - ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add - on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of
Celestis ' essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Celestis products and services that require you to sign in .
HOW TO CONTROL COOKIES
When you first visit this website we ask for your consent to use cookies .
You can choose not to accept cookies but please be aware that services you request may not be available .
If you delete your cookies or clear your cache , you may be asked to give your consent again .
This is because a cookie is usually used to remember the choice you made the first time .
If you wish to revoke your consent to the use of cookies on this website you can either delete the cookies in your browser ’s memory or clear your cache .
If you wish to prevent cookies being set before you visit this website , or most other websites , you can set your browser to block cookies .
Most browsers allow you to do this in their settings .
You can also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further information on cookies in general .
Third Party Cookies
We allow third parties with which we have a separate agreement to use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Site .
These third parties include ( 1 ) business partners , which collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on the Site ; and ( 2 ) advertising networks , which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of their advertisements .
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your interests or preferences so that they can display advertisements or promotional material on this Site and on other sites across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests .
The business partners and advertising networks that serve interest - based advertisements on the Services have limited access to a small amount of information about your profile and your device , which is necessary to serve you advertisements that are tailored to your apparent interests .
It is possible that they may reuse this small amount of information on other sites or services .
We do not have access to , or control over , the technologies that these third parties may use to collect information about your interests , and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Notice .
Other than as discussed in this document , we have no control over these third parties .
Behavioral Remarketing and Advertising
Celestis uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service .
We and our third - party vendors use cookies to inform , optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service .
Google Marketing Services
On our website we use the marketing and remarketing services of Google LLC ( 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway , Mountain View , CA 94043 , USA ; “ Google ” ) .
These services allow us to display advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users .
Through remarketing ads and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other websites within the Google Network .
For these purposes , a code is used by Google when our website is accessed and what are referred to as ( re ) marketing tags are incorporated into the website .
With their help , an individual cookie , i.e. a small file , is stored on the user ’s device ( comparable technologies may also be used instead of cookies ) .
Cookies can be set by various domains , including google.com , doubleclick.net , invitemedia.com , admeld.com , googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com .
This file records which apps users have visited , which content they are interested in and which offers have been used .
In addition , technical information about the browser and operating system , referring websites , the length of the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored .
The IP address of users is also recorded , although we would like inform you that within the framework of Google Analytics , IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated .
All user data will only be processed as pseudonymous data .
Google does not store any names or e-mail addresses .
All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a person , but for the owner of the cookie .
This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers in the USA .
One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords .
In the case of Google AdWords , each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie .
Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers .
The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking .
AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag .
Google services make use of Google ’s Tag Manager .
For more information about Google ’s use of data for marketing purposes , please see the summary page : https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads,
Google ’s privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR .
If you wish to object to interest - based advertising by Google marketing services , you can do so using the settings and opt - out options provided by Google : http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third - party cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security .
However , this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites .
This could include the inability to login to services or programs , such as logging into forums or accounts .
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program .
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies , the next time you visit a site running the advertisements , a new cookie will be added .
Facebook
We use the “ visitor action pixels ” from Facebook Inc ( 1 Hacker Way , Menlo Park , CA 94025 , USA , or , if you are based in the EU , Facebook Ireland Ltd. , 4 Grand Canal Square , Grand Canal Harbour , Dublin 2 , Ireland ( “ Facebook ” ) ) on our website .
This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider ’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad .
This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes .
The data collected in this way is anonymous to us , i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users .
However , this data is stored and processed by Facebook , which is why we are informing you , based on our knowledge of the situation .
Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes , in accordance with Facebook ’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook .
A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes .
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR .
You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel , or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address : https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation ( https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active).
TWITTER CONVERSION TRACKING
On our website , we use the Conversion Tracking Service of Twitter Inc. ( 1355 Market Street # 900 , San Francisco , California 94103 , “ Twitter ” ) .
Twitter stores a cookie on the user ’s computer to enable an analysis of the use of our online products and services .
Twitter Conversion Tracking tracks the actions of users after they have viewed ads or interacted with ads on Twitter .
Twitter ’s Conversion Tracking allows you to assign conversions such as link clicks , retweets or “ like ” data .
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR .
If you wish to object to tracking , you can do so using the Digital Advertising Alliance tool at optout.aboutads.info .
Twitter is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees its compliance with European data protection legislation : ( https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active)
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to measure and evaluate access to and traffic on the Public Area of the Site , and create user navigation reports for our Site administrators .
Google operates independently from us and has its own privacy policy , which we strongly suggest you review .
Google may use the information collected through Google Analytics to evaluate Users ' and Visitors ’ activity on our Site .
For more information , see Google Analytics Privacy and Data Sharing .
We take measures to protect the technical information collected by our use of Google Analytics .
The data collected will only be used on a need to know basis to resolve technical issues , administer the Site and identify visitor preferences ; but in this case , the data will be in non-identifiable form .
We do not use any of this information to identify Visitors or Users .
Integrated Services
We have integrated services from Umbraco that may collect your email and contact information .
Umbraco is compliant with the European Data protection legislation .
You can read their privacy policy here : https://umbraco.com/about-us/privacy/gdpr/
We have integrated services from Zoho that may collect your email and contact information .
Zoho is compliant with the European Data protection legislation .
You can read their privacy policy here : https://www.zoho.com/privacy.html
Links to Third Party Websites from our Website
To the extent that our Website contains links to sites operated by third parties and not related to our products or services ( “ Linked Websites ” ) , the Linked Websites are not controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those companies .
Before disclosing your personal information to Linked Websites , we advise you to examine their privacy policies .
Safeguarding Your Information
Your personal and financial information is very important , and therefore , is not shared in any way .
All vital information is protected with the industry - standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encryption .
Any time you must leave personal financial information such as credit card numbers , we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format .
We do not store or save the credit card number .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing , in an encrypted format .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Are children allowed to use Celestis ?
Celestis does not sell products for purchase by children .
Although our products are suitable for children , adults can purchase these products .
If you are under 18 , you may use Celestis with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Conditions of use , notices , and revisions
If you choose to visit Celestis , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice and our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law .
If you have any concern about privacy at Celestis , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Statement and the Conditions of Use will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Statement applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make changes , we will post them and will indicate on this page the policy ’s new effective date .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you by email or through notice on the Offerings .
Questions
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns or wish to update , delete or change any Personal Information submitted on this Site , or have any questions about our Privacy Policy , please fill in the contact form on our site .
This shall also serve as the designated contact information for any valid exercising of the “ right to be forgotten . ”
Contact Information :
Celestis
P.O. Box 66784
Houston , Texas , 77266-6784
1-866-866-1186
China children ' hacked to death ' in new school attack
Parents of injured children waited for news in Hanzhong city hospital Seven children and two adults have been hacked to death at a kindergarten in China , the latest in a series of school attacks , state media report .
Another 11 children were injured in the attack near Hanzhong city , Shaanxi province , Xinhua news agency reported .
The children were all thought to be under the age of six .
Their attacker later killed himself .
There have been five violent school attacks in the past two months in China , leaving dozens dead or injured .
In March , a man stabbed to death eight pupils at a school in Fujian province .
He was executed soon afterwards .
In the space of a week in late April , three more attacks in different parts of China left dozens of children injured .
The BBC's Michael Bristow in Beijing says media reports of the latest incident have been minimal , perhaps in an attempt to discourage the copycat attacks that many parents now fear .
Hanzhong city officials said the man entered the privately - run Shengshui Temple kindergarten at about 0800 local time ( 0100 BST ) as the school day was beginning .
Xinhua named him as Wu Huanming , a 48 - year - old local man , and said he was armed with a meat cleaver , commonly used in Chinese homes .
Five boys and two girls were reported to have died , along with the kindergarten owner , Wu Hongying , and her mother , 80 - year - old Su Runhua .
A further 11 children and a teacher were injured in the attack and taken to hospital - two were in a serious condition .
Liu Xiaoming , a public official , said the attacker had killed himself shortly after returning to his home .
Xinhua reports that an initial police investigation suggested that Wu Huanming and Wu Hongying had fought over a property dispute .
Wu Hongying had rented rooms for the kindergarten from Wu Huanming , without government approval .
In April , Wu Huanming had requested the house be vacated when the lease ran out , but Wu Hongying said she would wait until the vacation in June or July , according to Xinhua .
One local man told Reuters only two of the children in the kindergarten had escaped injury .
" I do n't know how many died in the end .
There was blood everywhere , " said Zheng Xiulan .
Pitchfork defence Last month , the education ministry ordered all schools to upgrade their security facilities , teach students about safety and ensure that young children were escorted home .
THIS YEAR'S ATTACKS 12 May : Seven children killed and 20 hurt in Hanzhong , Shaanxi province 30 April :
Five children hurt in hammer attack in Weifang , Shandong 29 April :
Three adults and 28 children injured in Taixing , Jiangsu 28 April :
At least 15 children and one teacher injured in Leizhou , Guangdong 24 March : Eight children killed in Nanping , Fujian
China concern over school attacks
Some local police authorities have distributed steel pitchforks and pepper spray to security guards in schools but such measures are considered expensive and their effectiveness is unproven .
China has in the past had a comparatively low rate of violent crime , meaning the recent violence has been all the more shocking .
Our correspondent says there has been much speculation on the cause of the attacks , with some blaming inadequate provision for people with mental health issues .
Others have suggested that the attacks are a form of revenge on society by individuals with no outlet for their anger in a political environment heavily controlled by the ruling Communist Party .
Some Chinese commentators have alluded to the growing gap between rich and poor , and the rapid pace of economic development and social upheaval as possible factors leading to outbreaks of violence .
But reports in official media have generally played down any wider causes for the school attacks , portraying them as isolated incidents perpetrated by disturbed individuals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dwarf Fortress is similar to many " God Games " in which the player assumes the role of an omnipotent being concerned with the care of a group of virtual followers .
In Dwarf Fortress , the dwarves are in need of an underground fortress to call their own .
Much like other games in the genre , Dwarf Fortress also tasks the player with guiding the dwarfs through a series of hazards , including opposing factions , harsh winters , and the occasional collapsing roof .
However , instead of instructing the dwarfs to create a home , dwarves under the command of one player , " Jong89 , " have recently put the finishing touches on a working digital computer .
The construction spanned 35 in - game years , and was a monumental undertaking , so to speak .
The computer consists of " 672 pumps , 2000 logs , 8500 mechanisms and thousands of other assort bits and knobs like doors and rock blocks . "
Though the computer is fully functional , Jong89 describes the performance as " really lousy . "
In this case , " lousy " is a relative term , considering the computer was constructed entirely inside a game world , but it can safely be assumed it 's not going to run Crysis very well .
It 's not known how the dwarfs feel about living inside a working computer , as they could not be reached for comment at the time of writing .
[ mkv25.net ]
Follow GeekTech on Twitter or Facebook .
Toyota says it has cut the cost of building fuel - cell vehicles by 90 percent and could sell its first hydrogen vehicle for $ 50,000 by 2015 .
That 's still a big chunk of change , but a bargain compared to the six - or seven - figure price tags the cars are generally thought to cost now .
The exorbitant cost has been among the technology 's greatest hurdles and one reason Honda , General Motors and others lease or loan – rather than sell – the few hydrogen - fuel - cell cars they have on the road .
But Toyota says it has cut the cost of building such cars by 90 percent in recent years .
It hopes to cut that by another 50 percent in coming years , so it can can sell an " affordable " mid-sized hydrogen - fuel - cell vehicle .
Such a car would offer the same range as a conventional auto " with some extra cost , " says Yoshihiko Masuda , Toyota 's managing director of advanced vehicles .
“ Our target is , we do n’t lose money with introduction of the vehicle , ” Masuda told Bloomberg .
“ Production cost should be covered within the price of the vehicle . ”
Toyota has slashed costs by using one - third the amount of platinum typically found in a fuel cell , Masuda said at a conference in Long Beach , California .
It also has reduced the cost of the polymer - electrolyte membrane used in the cell .
Both Toyota and GM use about 30 grams of platinum and are cutting that to 10 .
They also say scaling up to large - scale production would cut costs further .
Toyota , Honda , General Motors , Daimler and Hyundai are among the automakers who hope to have hydrogen fuel cell vehicles on the road by 2015 .
Beyond their sky - high price , hydrogen - fuel - cell vehicles are hampered by the lack of a fueling infrastructure .
That is one reason battery electric vehicles have proven more appealing , at least in the short - term , to automakers and policymakers .
But that could change if hydrogen 's hurdles are cleared .
“ On a cost basis per car , range and performance , fuel - cell vehicles can have an advantage over battery vehicles , ” said Jay Whitacre , a professor of materials science and engineering at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh .
“ On a system basis , infrastructure , battery cars win . ”
Photo : The 2007 Toyota FCHV cruises around Portland , Oregon , in 2008 .
Courtesy Toyota
See Also :
Gush of oil from Deepwater Horizon oil spill now being broadcast live after BP accused of withholding information from ocean floor
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
One month after the fiery collapse of the Deepwater Horizon , BP bowed to demands from scientists and members of Congress this week and has posted a live video feed of the gusher of oil on the ocean floor .
The decision came only hours after a hearing in Congress in which BP was accused of withholding data from the ocean floor , and blocking efforts by independent scientists to come up with estimates for the amount of crude spewing into the Gulf each day .
Ed Markey , who presided over the hearing , said BP would post the footage on the website of his house subcommitte on energy independence and global warming as early as Wednesday night .
It was delayed but is now live .
The footage could help defuse rising anger at BP from scientists and news organisations at the oil company 's reluctance even to discuss the size of the spill .
BP has refused to share data gathered by cameras on its submersible robots .
Its officials have also insisted repeatedly that it is impossible to determine the size of the spill .
The lack of disclosure put BP under fire yesterday .
" Oil has been spewing into the ocean for 30 days yet the true extent of this spill remains a mystery , " an angry Markey told the hearing yesterday .
" BP thinks this is their ocean so they should control information about the spill . "
The Obama administration too was criticised for sticking to its early estimates of 5,000 barrels a day — a much lower estimate than those produced by independent scientists .
The coast guard said this week it was assembling a team of experts to produce an estimate of the spill .
Earlier yesterday , four independent scientists told Markey 's committee that BP 's refusal to release the footage was blocking independent efforts to estimate the size of the spill .
Richard Camilli , a scientist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , said BP had intitially reached out to experts for help in measuring the spill .
He was set to fly to Houston to join the effort at 3 am on 5 May .
A day later , BP called off the visit .
" The rationale was that they were on a very tight time schedule , " he said .
" The greater priority was to place the containment structure over the main leak " — an effort that failed .
Frank Muller - Karger , an oceanographer at the University of South Florida , told the hearing the full consequences of the spill — or of the chemicals used in the clean - up effort — remained unknown .
" I think this is a problem we are going to have to live with for years rather than months , " he said .
Before last night 's decision , BP had released just two short pieces of video from the ocean floor — frustrating scientists who had been trying to estimate the size of the spill .
But experts still managed to use the first clip , which was barely 30 seconds long and low - resolution , to produce estimates that were many times larger than the Obama administration estimate of 5,000 barrels a day .
Steve Wereley , an associate professor at Purdue University who was also at yesterday 's briefing , came up with an estimate of 70,000 barrels a day .
He told the committee yesterday he could not conceive of a scenario where the flow of oil from the ruptured well was only 5,000 barrels a day .
" All outsider estimates are considerably higher than BP's . "
Washington , D.C. - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) filed suit today against the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) , demanding records on three controversial PATRIOT
Act surveillance provisions that expire early next year unless Congress renews them .
EFF is seeking the immediate release of Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) reports on the provisions ' effectiveness , lawfulness , and potential misuse in a lawsuit filed under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
These controversial PATRIOT provisions give the FBI expanded powers to seize electronic records and property and to wiretap phone conversations , and are set to expire in February of 2011 .
Congress will likely begin debate on potentially reauthorizing the provisions before the end of the year .
" The PATRIOT Act provisions have faced criticism from both Congress and the general public for the lack of privacy safeguards for ordinary Americans who might mistakenly be caught in overbroad FBI surveillance , " said EFF Senior Counsel David Sobel .
" The records we are seeking here -- how well the law works , and how it may have been misused -- should be an integral part of the decisions made on how to reform the law . "
EFF filed its FOIA request with the DOJ in September of 2009 , when initial discussions about reauthorization were beginning in Congress .
The FBI initially approved EFF 's request for expedited processing , but has not yet disclosed any records .
EFF filed its lawsuit today in order to ensure the information is released in time to inform the upcoming congressional debate .
" If the FBI continues to withhold these records , Americans wo n't have the information they need to make important decisions about reforming the PATRIOT Act , " said Sobel .
" The DOJ needs to follow the law and release its reports to the public . "
For the full complaint :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/patriot_records/complaint_patriotrecords.pdf
Contact :
David Sobel
Senior Counsel
Electronic Frontier Foundation
sobel@eff.org
Jurors in the upcoming trial of a former BART police officer charged with murdering an unarmed man can hear about an incident in which police reported the man ran from officers and resisted arrest , a judge ruled Friday .
Judge Robert Perry of Los Angeles County Superior Court granted a defense motion to allow some details about the arrest history of Oscar Grant , 22 , who was shot in the back and killed at BART 's Fruitvale Station in Oakland on New Year 's Day 2009 .
Former BART Officer Johannes Mehserle , 28 , has pleaded not guilty to murdering Grant .
The trial was moved from Alameda County to Los Angeles because of widespread media coverage and racial tensions sparked by the case .
Mehserle is white ; Grant was African American .
Attorney John Burris , who represents Grant 's family , vehemently disagreed with the judge 's decision .
" We think it 's very hurtful and should not be included because Mehserle was unaware of Mr. Grant 's background prior to the fatal shooting , " Burris said .
Mehserle 's attorney Michael Rains argued that Grant 's earlier run-in with the law was relevant to his client 's case .
Perry read from a police report accusing Grant of running from San Leandro officers during a traffic stop in October 2006 .
He was shot with a Taser stun gun and resisted arrest as officers tried to handcuff him , the report says .
Rains has argued that Mehserle intended to stun Grant with his Taser on the Fruitvale Station platform as he arrested him for allegedly resisting police , but that Mehserle pulled his pistol by mistake .
Perry said the earlier incident would help shed light on Grant for jurors .
" I must allow some evidence of this prior incident , " Perry said .
" The fact he resisted before , and the way he did it before , " is important .
Authorities say Grant was carrying a gun in that incident that he tried to get rid of during the foot pursuit .
A .380 pistol was found about 20 feet from the site of the arrest , and Grant was later sentenced to 16 months in state prison for a gun possession charge .
Perry , however , refused to allow testimony at Mehserle 's trial that Grant had a gun during the San Leandro incident or that he was on probation when he was killed .
Central questions for jurors in the upcoming trial involve whether Grant was resisting arrest before he was shot and if Mehserle properly used force .
The shooting was videotaped by several bystanders , footage that was shown across the Internet and used as evidence during Mehserle 's preliminary hearing last year .
Perry also denied a defense motion to allow police officers to be part of the jury pool .
Among his other rulings :
-- Spectators at the trial can't wear supportive ribbons , buttons or T - shirts .
" This is not a sporting event , " the judge said .
-- Prosecutors can refer to Grant as a victim , and defense attorneys can refer to him as a detainee or arrestee but not as a suspect .
Jury selection is expected to begin June 1 , with opening statements on June 14 .
He is a very , very rich man – and will soon profit from very , very generous German hand - outs …
Spiros Latsis , who according to ‘ Forbes ’ has a fortune of € 4 billion , is the wealthiest man in Greece .
He lives a life of luxury enjoyed in private .
He mingles with leading lights from the world of entertainment and business .
And politics !
The 63 - year - old made his money through oil , shipping , housing – and banking .
He lives by Lake Geneva and has villas in numerous European cities as well as yachts and private jets .
“ He lives discretely and shuns publicity , ” wrote the ‘ Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung ’ newspaper .
With his EFG Group , Latsis helped bail out the Greek government amongst others in 1998 by buying the bankrupt Kretabank from the state for a surprisingly high sum of money .
Afterwards , the government let him come on board with oil giant Hellenic Petroleum .
In Greece this does n’t surprise anyone – you help each other out .
Just like when Latsis ’ bank took on € 12 billion high interest government bonds under very beneficial circumstances .
That helped the Greek state make ends meet again – and boosted the billionaire ’s bank account by no small amount thanks to the high interest .
And that effect is ongoing and will soon pay dividends again thanks to German taxpayers …
The IMF and the Eurozone countries , above all Germany , will help out Greece to the tune of € 45 billion in new credit .
That will allow the essentially - bankrupt country to pay interest and old , running out debts on time – amongst them Latsis ’ government bonds .
“ His bank might hold the largest amount of Greek bonds of all , ” one Frankfurt banker told BILD .
And so starting from next week , the German taxpayer will be handing over cash to a Greek billionaire – practically filling up the bag for him .
More politics news
A €750bn aid package has been agreed to help out Germany 's bankrupt neighbours - it looks like we are the schmucks of Europe yet again !
There are new health fears surrounding German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble after he was taken back to hospital .
System Shock : the hacker 's guide to sin - A complete mental breakdown of System Shock -
Last update 7th Feb 2016
Cybermodule fraud - Small update on something I discovered on a replay .
Disclaimer :
0 . This page contains dark humour .
You have been warned .
1 . I do not advocate the use of real drugs .
( In fact I am teetotal and do not smoke . )
2 . I do not advocate the use of violence as entertainment in real life .
The last such act I took part in was in 1990 when I was 14 and we laid all these fish out over a busy road and watched each one get squashed by passing traffic .
3 . I do not advocate ruthlessness or evil as a means to an end .
Except in computer games ;-)
Part One : What is System Shock ?
System Shock is a brilliant piece of work by Warren Spector ( offame , and more recently ) .
It was released by Origin Systems Inc , creators of the Ultima Series .
System Shock is like a cross between Ultima and Doom .
It is a first - person 3D shooter , with tons of features , combined with the depth , detail and overall quality of a good Ultima game .
It also bears more than a passing resemblance to Fred Pohl 's SF novel ' Age of the Pussyfoot ' ( 1968 ) and has distinct parallels with ' Painwise ' by James Tiptree Jr in the collection ' 10,000 light - years from home ' .
It requires a 386 or a 486 , and also a CD - ROM drive , unless you can get hold of the original 3.5 " disk release .
System Shock can run in 320x200 , 320x400 , 640x400 or 640x480 .
If you have access to an old Win95/98 machine , you can run it natively ( note that the game will go funny if it sees more than 16MB ) .
A P200 or above it recommended for the high - res 640x480 mode , a P75 for 320x400 , or anything else for 320x200 .
If you 're trying to run it on a Windows XP - class machine , or Linux , your best bet is to try and run the game inside DOSbox .
Bear in mind that DOSbox is emulating the entire machine , which is not quick .
It will probably require a machine rated around 2 AMD gigahertz ( or 3 Intel gigahertz ) in order to be playable .
An Overview of System Shock 's features
Control : Stand up , Crouch or crawl around on your belly .
Leap from tree to tree ...
Stand up , Crouch or crawl around on your belly .
Leap from tree to tree ...
Physics : Polygon objects such as crates that can be pushed around , searched or even smashed .
Polygon objects such as crates that can be pushed around , searched or even smashed .
Weapons :
Hit things with the pipe .
Blow them away with the magnum .
Blow yourself away with the railgun .
Hit things with the pipe .
Blow them away with the magnum .
Blow away with the railgun .
Drugs :
Abuse the medicine and get totally shafted .
Abuse the medicine and get totally shafted .
Bombs :
There are 7 types of bomb , they are all fun .
Set up an obstacle course for the monsters .
There are 7 types of bomb , they are all fun .
Set up an obstacle course for the monsters .
Hardware : Pick up all kinds of machinery and plug it into your brain .
Pick up all kinds of machinery and plug it into your brain .
Puzzles : Open up some circuit panels and screw around with the wiring .
Open up some circuit panels and screw around with the wiring .
Enemies : Robots , Cyborgs and Mutations created by SHODAN 's insane experiments .
Robots , Cyborgs and Mutations created by SHODAN 's insane experiments .
Resurrection :
Fix the healing centre on a level , and you can get resurrected any number of times !
Fix the healing centre on a level , and you can get resurrected any number of times !
CD Audio : Get Emails from earth and listen to SHODAN burble at you .
Get Emails from earth and listen to SHODAN burble at you .
Music :
A bizarre dynamic music system that adapts to the current situation .
A bizarre dynamic music system that adapts to the current situation .
PLOT : You 'll think you 're really there .
A Plot ?
Yes , a PLOT .
Unlike Doom , System Shock has a complex story behind it , and it directly affects everything you do in the game .
What ?
You do n't want a plot ?!?
Get back to the Doom page then .
It is May , 2072 and you are a hacker in New Atlanta , on the Saturn colonies .
You break into the computer systems of the TRI - OPTIMUM corportation and get arrested .
A corrupt security official called Edward Diego flies you to the Citadel space station .
Diego makes you an offer you can't refuse and throws in a military - grade cyberjack implant .
In exchange you hack into the space station computer , S.H.O.D.A.N. and give him control over it .
You do a cut - and - paste job on the AI systems and everything goes pear - shaped .
With all ethical constraints removed , I am free to explore new possibilies ..
Mr. Diego is happy though and gives you the implant operation .
You are put into a 6 - month healing coma .
You wake up in November .
SHODAN has gone completely mental .
Everyone else is dead and SHODAN is trying to erase the Earth .
Only you can stop him .
( Whether SHODAN is a He or a She is somewhat debatable .
The CD Audio is definitely a female voice , but the in disk version , which I played first , everyone refers to a male SHODAN .
You decide . )
Being Difficult
For amusement value it is worth playing the game with all the difficulty levels set to zero .
This results in a surreal situation where all the doors are unlocked , and the mutants and robots ignore you completely unless you actually attack them .
I was so bewildered that I did n't pay any attention to the radiation damage in the reactor level and ended up dying anyway .
This has various impressive side - effects , for instance , SHODAN opens up her Death Machine to reveal a number of robots who just stand there impassively as you push them out of the way .
It is possible to complete the entire game in under 30 minutes without possessing a single weapon , and probably far less if you go directly to Level 8 from the get - go and do n't stop to stare at it all .
The pacifist 's guide to System Shock
Part Two : Getting Shocked
Drugs
System Shock has plenty drugs .
They are intended for medicinal use , but most of them have high recreational value as well .
Here is the streetwise guide to Trioptimum 's line in Stuff :
Berserk
One tab of this stuff and you 'll get strong as an ox .
Then you start to see pretty lights and soon you might hear the grass grow as well .
Sight enhancement
Take one of these and you can see everything !
Then it wears off and you can't see anything .
Do n't do this one too much or you 'll go blind .
Genius Mind- Enhancer
Oh groovy , some mind - expanding drugs .
Tri-op really knows how to party .
Actually these help you solve the puzzles .
Do n't seem to work very well though .
Reflex
This stuff is good .
Everything slows down for the duration of the Trip .
Even better when taken in combination with some others ...
Detox
This one cures radiation poisoning , bio-contamination and hangover .
It will also nullify the effect of the other drugs so if you 're looking for a high , just say no .
Stam - up stimulant
Reduces fatigue .
Then you suddenly feel very tired .
I suppose it 's like ecstasy really .
Medical
This one heals you , fairly straightforward .
When it wears out , you die .
( Just kidding ) .
Good for all - night raves .
A guide to the use of drugs :
Drugs are in the form of dermal patches which are applied to the skin .
There 's quite a lot of them lying around , but you can score some off the mutants .
Just dot one on the head with the pipe and it should easily surrender its stash .
Most of the time you can take drugs on the move , but once in a while you feel the need for a little privacy .
Find a small cupboard , or preferably an elevator shaft where no - one can disturb you .
The following is a transcript from Mr. Gibbon 's black box recorder .
He is stalking a Security - 1 robot and is very low on health :
JPM : Got to take some drugs .
< Mr. G shoots a few medical patches >
IDM : It has seen you .
You are going to die .
It will kill you .
There is no way you can survive .
JPM : Laser rapier .
< bang slash bang slash slash silence >
IDM : Incredible : you 're not dead .
That was totally unexpected !
JPM : Oh dear , now I 've got to take some more drugs again .
IDM : Yes .. it 's called addiction .
The Hacker himself
- Painwise
A cursory examination of the hacker reveals that he is not human .
( He is capable of subsisting entirely on hard drugs and blue smarties )
So what is he ?
Feet
Look downwards .
Try and touch your toes .
You can 't ?
Oh of course .
No feet .
At this point you realise that you have no feet
Arms
What the hacker lacks in toes and legs , he makes up for in his arms .
In fact , the hacker has these wonderful gibbon arms that are thirteen foot long .
Try this for yourself , start a new game and play with the Healing Suite .
Walk up to the healing unit , and activate it .
You 'll get a pink flash and go back to full health .
Now step back a few feet and try again .
Try again .
Find the point when you can't trigger it .
13 feet ?
It may come as no surprise to learn than my player is often called Mr Gibbon .
Now interestingly , the hacker can't reach across a gap .
For example , later on in level 1 , the hacker goes to blow up the CPU nodes .
( This is ' normally ' done by running in there , and lying on his belly in between the nodes , then suddenly banging a live frag grenade on the ground using his teeth .
SHODAN announces that he 'll kill you , but the robots are already mopping up the juice . )
There is a warrior cyborg standing on a tower , one space away from you .
When it 's dead you should be able to search the body but you can't .
The idea that you can't reach is out of the question .
The problem is the gap between the two of you .
It seems we are looking at a hacker with 13 foot long , boneless tentacles that snake across the ground but are unable to support their own weight .
However , as of July 2005 , I believe I have finally discovered Mr. Gibbon 's race .
I present my solution to this riddle below .
The cyberjack implant
This is a wonderful piece of kit .
You can take anything with a battery in it and plug it directly into your brain .
Hoo !
Even more magical , whatever you install , it always works and you never ever have an IRQ conflict .
So my player is called PNP man ( plug 'n ' play man ) whenever he 's not called Mr. Gibbon .
The hacker does it standing up ( dying , that is )
The Hacker always dies vertically .
The reason for this is easy to imagine , when you consider the number of times you get resurrected .
Surely the robots find it much more easy to carry your body when it does n't keep drooping about like that .
What could be done about it ?
Well the Hacker 's got a head full of firmware , so adding just a tiny bit more wo n't hurt much :
Just imagine !
No more limp , floppy corpses to pick up !
With the new rigor - mortis chip , you 're guaranteed to go stiff as a board the moment you die ..
General Resurrection Machinery
- Painwise
The hacker freaks out and locks himself in a small cupboard , ( such as a lift ) assuming the lotus position and surrounded by a large pile of high explosives .
PNP man contemplates a viking funeral
The hacker then consumes all the berserk , genius and sight patches at once getting himself higher than the Pope .
Hoo !
I 'm glowing ..
I 'm glowing ..
Hey Rick , I 've got six arms !!
Totally stoned , he bangs two live frag grenades together .
Later on some robots come past and wonder why the lift doors are bulging out like that .
They find your body and give it new life .
As a cyborg you will serve SHODAN well .
I wonder how ?
Q : What 's green but turns red at the flick of a switch ?
A : A frog in a blender
Now imagine the frog was 3 feet long .
This is what the lift looks like at the moment .
How can we possibly resurrect that ?
They find the pieces and give them new life .
As a cyborg 's kneecap you will serve SHODAN well .
So how is it done ?
Let 's take a loook at the General Resurrection Machinery .
General Resurrection Machinery
Now , what is that man -shaped hole ?
There is only one thing it can be .
A jelly - mould .
Of course .
How simple .
All the resurrection problems are solved in one stroke .
For example , the hacker decides to stick his head in one of the matter - converters to see if the robots can cope with that .
I consider turning my head into pure energy but think better of it
The robots scrape off the little wet bits and pour them into the mould .
After a while they put him in the fridge until he sets and they let him go again .
Red blood cell count 100 % normal ....
Cybernetic life support deactivated ....
Brain activity satisfactory ....
Recovery completed ....
IM : He ran into the heart of a nuclear reactor .
The robots fished out his body and patched him up .
Then he got away and ran back into the reactor and died .
And then as soon as he has the chance , he goes off and does it AGAIN , but it still says ' Brain activity Satisfactory ' ..
Fortunately it 's relatively easy to change the strings with a hex editor , they are in DATA \CYBSTRNG.DAT on your hard disk .
You can change them to something more appropriate :
Brain activity corrupted ....
Recovery Failed ....
Pad the end of each line out with spaces to make sure it 's the same length .
Post - Mortem confusion
The disorienting effect of dying often means that I lose track of what I was doing just before the resurrection .
I forget where I was and how to get back there .
The net result is that the hacker runs around like a headless chicken , sometimes darting this way and that three or four times before I remember things again .
JM : Ugh !
Who am I ?
Where am I ?
What am I ?
IM : You 're Mr Gibbon , You 're on level 5 but we do n't really know what you are .
JM : Umm.. I was in .. SHODAN 's trap .
That way .
IM : No , no , this way .
JM : That way IM : No !
This way .
JM : Oh yeah .
DANGER : Post - Mortem confusion often turns into Pre-Mortem confusion ..
Part Three : Killing Beasts
Tools of the Trade : BOMBS
Bombs are wonderful .
Set them up and get the beasties to tread on them .
Bombs set each other off , so you can have a stack of whatever you like and use a landmine to trigger it !
There are 7 types of Bomb .
Landmines
These are simple proximity devices .
Go near this and it goes off .
Sometimes there are live landmines mixed in with explosives caches , so look carefully before picking one up :-)
Frag grenade
A fragmentation device .
This just goes off when you knock it against something .
A fun way to deal with CPU nodes is to lie on the floor and bash this into them .
But do n't try that unless the resurrection machine is working .
Nitropack
A bomb .
The fuse ranges from 4 seconds to about 60 seconds .
Then it blows up very nicely !
Quite potent .
EMP grenade
This is like the frag grenade , but it does nothing physical .
Instead it damages or destroys electronic devices , such as robots .
It can givequite a trip as well , although it will never actually hurt you .
Concussion bomb
A good bomb .
The fuse is the same as the NitroPack .
A powerful , all - purpose topping for any pile of explosives .
Quite potent , a couple of these is useful for trapping Edward Diego .
Gas grenade
This explodes and poisons biological life .
Good for Mutants , moderate for Cyborgs and totally useless for robots .
Good to use in a low - budget suicide when you want to get back to the Resurrection Unit quickly .
Earthshaker
A BIG bomb .
Again , the fuse is the same as the NitroPack .
It makes a lovely rumbling sound when it kills you .
VERY potent , and ideal for trapping Edward Diego .
Tools of the Trade : GUNS
..No !
But why wo n't it let me point the gun at myself ?
Lead Pipe
The first time I ever saw System Shock , we got stuck in the first room .
Then we ran about with the pipe for almost an hour , hitting everything we came across ..
The pipe is what you will start with .
It works fine on serv-bots and mutants and it never runs out of ammo .
Dart Gun
The dart gun fires either needle darts or tranquilisers .
Neither of which are very effective .
Do n't bother with it .
Stun Gun
This really is a stun gun , and it only works on mutants .
They stop moving and bob up and down .
Do n't bother with it , unless you want to watch some mutants bobbing ( which can be fun ) .
Sparq beam
An energy gun .
Very effective , it can also be used to vapourise corpses .
It has about 64 levels of power and an overload .
It gobbles up the juice and it goes into standby if it gets too hot .
Your first Good Gun , but be sure you know where the nearest wall - socket is .
Pistol
The pistol is good , there is plenty of ammo for it .
It takes Normal rounds , and Teflon rounds which are better but more scarce .
Your second Good Gun .
Keep hold of it , you can use it on cameras later on .
Magnum 2100
Pro version of the pistol .
Little ammo for it in early levels .
It fires hollow - tip rounds , or heavy SLUGS .
( Aye , we have drugs and slugs .. ) A sign of decadence among System Shock players is when you go around using the Magnum on cameras because you have nothing less powerful ...
One of the Best guns .
Never let this one go .
Magpulse
This is like an EMP mine .
It fires green shots that destroy most types of robot , and some cyborgs .
It fires Magpulse Carts , which are abundant on level 4 in the Cargo Pits of Ragnarok .
It does not work on mutants at all !
You will need this !
Flechette
A handy rapid - fire weaponThis is quite a neat piece of work , it is a low - budget RF Skorpion , and there is plenty of ammo .
It can take out most things except a Security - 2 robot .
A pretty good weapon .
Laser Rapier
Imagine a professional version of the Lead Pipe ... This is a Sinclair monomolecular thread held in a stasis field .
It cuts through anything .
( Larry Niven fans should know this , think Variable Sword ) It kills most beasts with a single swipe .
Tougher monsters need two or three hits ..
You must have this one !
Riot gun
This is an interesting curiosity .
The riot gun is on the Cargo Deck , level 4 .
It fires rubber bullets , so it is almost useless .
HOWEVER : it can be used to PUSH CRATES and LIVE LAND MINES around the level , so it is essential for freaky experiments .
Only useful for weird things
Blaster
A souped - up version of the Sparq beam .
Not especially wonderful , it uses more power but is only slightly more dangerous .
It makes a nice sound .
A reasonable replacement for the sparq beam .
Ion cannon
Ionise people .
This is pretty cool .
It makes a sound stolen from Star Wars but it 's fun .
If you turn it down to minimum power , it will still vapourise any item with a single shot but consuming virtually no power .
Excellent tool for vapourising corpses .
Assault Rifle
A sort of super - magnum , but with less ammo available .
Try it , you might like it .
Railgun
Fires explosive missiles , but they are not very effective .
Ammo is only available from Mutant Cyborgs .
I never found it was any good against monsters , even a mutant takes several shots .
It kills you more than it kills them so it 's useful for ritual suicides .
It 's brilliant for smashing cameras and even more decadant than the magnum .
IDM : What is a railgun anyway ?
JPM : An experimental weapon using magnetic fields to propel a projectile at colossal speeds .
It does n't work in practice because you have to increase the field strength as it goes down the barrel .
As it approaches the muzzle you get a plasma and the coils burn out .
IDM : You mean it 's like a hand - held linear accelerator ?!?
JPM : No ! A FULL - SIZE linear accelerator !
They built one in the desert .
You have to wait for the target to get in range .. a hand - held one is pure fantasy .
RF Skorpion
An ultra -rapid fire rifle .
( See the docs for the Blessed Engine , our Doom hack - up ) This is good , but hard to use and ammo is scarce .
It fires standard ammunition and LARGE ( fat ? ) SLAGS .
This is useful for tight spots , but can sometimes let you down .
Plasma gun
" Once I accidentally put 300 watts into a 60 watt light bulb .
The filament detatched itself from the two connecting wires and drifted around inside the bulb , white - hot .
Then it hit the side and bounced away .
The glass was glowing cherry - red where it had touched . "
- PDM , 1992
Now you can do something similar to the walls of the citadel station .
But do n't let the glowing ball of plasma touch you because you 'll turn into ash .
This thing isbut it is difficult to wrest from SHODAN 's grasp , and it consumes a third of your battery power with each shot .
It kills whatever it touches but it often touches you .
Edward Diego
If you thought SHODAN had topped Edward Diego , you were wrong .
They have joined forces and he is incredibly dangerous .
Diego is a cyborg of SHODAN but he kept his personality , and he is armed with Laser Rapiers .
He teleports away when you beat him .
Edward Diego appears at three points in the game , but you have ample time to prepare a little surprise for him each time .
On the Executive level
Hint : when blowing up the CPUs on the Exec level , place two emp grenades either side of the main CPU .
Go back to the tunnel and shoot a single round at the autobomb to annoy it .
Lead the Bomb into the computer room and let it attack you .
Et voila !
SHODAN 's little toy has just blown up some valuable equipment for you .
First , kill off all the robots ( hard ) so there is just a door between you and Diego
Now , make sure you have two free savegame slots and save in one of them .
Open the door so that you know exactly where Diego will come from and then load back .
Place a generous helping of bombs for Diego .
Use 2 - 4 concussion bombs , an Earthshaker if you have one , lots of frags and nitropacks .
Save in the SECOND free game slot and then place a live land mine on the pile .
Avoiding the land mine , press the button and open the door .
Get around behind the pile , and provoke Diego with some bullets .
Get Edward
Firstly , Diego appears on the Executive Level , just after the Access Tunnel .
If he does n't step on the pile , ( or if you do ) reload and place the land mine in a slightly different place .
Otherwise you should hear :
BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG
( depending on your CPU speed )
.. followed by a brief swooshing sound as he turns red and vanishes .
On the Flight Deck
Before you blow up the reactor core and try to escape , place a nice selection of earthshakers mines and frag grenades at the bottom of the escape pod ramp .
Place all the explosives on the central triangle of the floor , with a live landmine .
A present from Joe
Now go about your business .
When you try to escape the reactor detonation , Diego will email you a death threat .
However , by the time you 've read the threat he will have appeared , exploded and disappeared again without you even seeing it !
As proof of his impending divinity , SHODAN demonstrates his power by appearing unto you in a Holy Vision .
" Accept the coming of your new Lord "
On The Bridge
By now Diego is really angry .
You enter a small room which is empty except for a central column .
Behind the column is a lift door .
As soon as you reach the lift door , Diego taps you on the shoulder and slices you in two .
Do this a couple of times until you know exactly where he will appear .
Now put down as many of the highest power bombs as you can near that spot .
Put EMP grenades at the peripherary so it does n't turn you into slush as well .
into slush as well .
Save and place the LIVE land mine .
Engage your Shields and summon Edward Diego ..
Having trouble , Diego ?
Turn and face your executioner ..
Diego should now be on the floor in a heap .
His body cannot be vapourised , otherwise it would have done so by now .
Extract the little red card and carry on with the game .
You 've probably come across this dark empty room on the reactor level .
When you step inside , SHODAN appears to you in another Vision saying " Welcome to my Death Machine , Interloper ! " .
Here 's a neat little trick that allows you to screw up the Death Machine ..
First , get yourself lots of bombs .
You need about 9 frag grenades and at least 1 Landmine .
Next , get yourself lots of detox .
Yes , I know it ruins your trips but you need it against the radiation .
Now , look for this little hole .
It 's through the door on the right , starting from the lift ( facing left ) .
Make sure you are at full health , and consume some drugs if you are n't .
Now , jump down the hole , and you 'll see this big blast door ( marked ' Radiation !
No !
Go away !' etc.. ) .
Open the door .
You are now within a few metres of the Reactor Core and getting sleeted with gamma rays , so hurry up .
You should see another blast door from your vantage point .
Go through the door and consume some Detox .
You should now be going up a repulser plate into a small grey room .
This is the back end of the Death Machine !
If there is a Security - 1 robot there , kill it and enter the door .
Now SAVE .
Get on your belly , and remember not to cross the middle of the room , or you 'll have to load back .
By just lying in the southern half of the room , you can throw bombs into place .
Throw an INACTIVE frag grenade at each door , so that there a bomb in front of each one .
Place some more bombs and things in a chain connecting them , so that all the devices will explode if one goes off .
Save ( in another slot if possible ) and place a LIVE landmine in front of one of the doors .
It should look like this :
Welcome to MY Death Machine !
Consume enough drugs to get you back to full health , and switch on your Shield .
Walk across to the North , and all the doors will open .
If you 've done it right , all the monsters should die instantly !
Part Five : Other
Destroying Earth
If you switch on the Mining Laser without engaging the system shields , SHODAN appears in a Vision , inviting you to a party .
A cortex reaver will escort you to the celebrations .
Leaning at 45 degrees
Here 's a neat little trick we discovered over Christmas 1997 :
Find a ledge and stand on it .
Look along the edge , not down the wall .
Press ALT - left ( or ALT - right ) and lean out over the edge .
Now Press CTRL - down , until you are looking straight down .
The hacker is now leaning out at an impossible angle with no support at all .
The view you are now seeing should be unreal !
Fun with repulsor lifts
On level 4 , ( the cargo pits of Ragnarok ) there is a blast door which is locked for a long time .
It is eventually opened using the switch in the Plastique ledge .
Inside are three Warrior Cyborgs .
Kill the first one quickly and silently using the Laser Raper .
If you look out from where the cyborg was , You should now see this :
Let us now float up some mines on the repulsor lift !
Before we get to the fun part we must first capture the druuugs otherwise they will be destroyed in the explosion .
First save .
Now , switch on your Skates and do a running jump across the room , so that you land on the drugsss and can pocket them .
If you hear a babbling sound then they have seen you , and you must reload or it wo n't work .
Now .
You should be sitting on the drugs ledge .
Switch off your skates and jump onto the floor .
Again , make sure they do n't see you .
Throw the following items onto the repulsor lift :
2 frag grenades
2 concussion grenades
1 emp grenade
1 landmine
1 LIVE nitropack
Now , tilt your head upwards so you can watch the nitropack as it rises , into a bobbing cornucopia of explosives .
In about 3 seconds you should get a BIG bang and two dead cyborgs .
Crashing the game through normal actions
19/4/1999
While destroying the Earth I noticed that you can still move around while SHODAN is giving you the party invite .
Wondering if there was any way to prevent myself getting kicked out of the game , I did the following .
It 's dependent on timing , so it will only work on the CD version and a relatively fast processor ( like my P200 ) .
Follow this exactly and it ought to work :
With the force - shield still switched off , go to the particle beam control room in the hub of Level 2 .
Dump a lethal amount of explosives on the ground before you and stand on them .
Get out a weapon that will set off the explosives ( e.g. a gun ) and get ready .
Press the button , and SHODAN will invite you to the party .
Listen to the following words :
When you hear SHODAN say the word " yourself " , detonate the pile !
WHUMP !
SHODAN stops talking and the resurrection display appears .
Towards the end of the sequence , the screen blinks and the menu appears .
BUT because you were n't alive when SHODAN stopped talking , the keyboard and mouse have been left disabled !
( to stop you getting away )
The game is still running but wo n't listen to anything you do .
Time to hit that big red switch ...
An Easter Egg
" If you go into the room on level 1 that has the monitor that looks down on the CPU nodes for that level , you can take the SPARQ beam and destroy the nodes by double - clicking on the screen , and then using ENTER on the keyboard to fire . "
Jay Brothwell sent me two interesting items about System Shock .
I tried this , and it 's strange .
This is evidently an easter egg or artifact , because I shot one of the nodes , and it disappeared in a cloud of smoke .
Then the others went out one by one .
It was n't the chain explosion I was expecting .
Strange ....
The other item is a little bug .
On level 2 there 's an area with an X - ray machine and a radiation door .
When you press the lever , the door is unlocked and can be opened .
Once the door is opened , you get bombarded with heavy X - rays from the radiation source in the cupboard .
But if you go inside the cupboard you find that it 's perfectly safe .
It 's all wrong .
The room outside has ' become ' radioactive and the radiation source is n't really radioactive at all ...
Bugs in version F1.5s
I 've seen 3 different versions of System Shock ...
F1.5s ( the old floppy version )
F1.6s ( the cdrom version I use )
F1.8d ( the demo )
Now in the F1.5s release , there was a neat thing you could do with the Skates .
When you turned a corner with the skates off , the angle changed as you turned .
What we discovered was that with the skates on , the angle got much steeper .
If you made the hacker run around in a tight circle , you could make him do a Wall of Death by using the LEAN controls at the same time , and the angle would reach 90 degrees !
Ca n't do that anymore though :-(
Also , if you went into the nearly - final room on level 1 , there 's a small narrow bit you can only get to by going in on your belly .
Inside is a skeleton , another pipe and a concussion bomb .
If you go in on your belly , but suddenly enable the Skates , he forcibly stood up and projected his head into absolute Nothing , It was really strange ..
If you switched on lots of equipment and had the helmet - light on , by switching off the other stuff , you could set the energy usage to 0 even through the light was still on ..
Finally , if you put one of the big blue smarties or a battery on the ground , held an object in your hand and tried to use the battery / smartie , you would increase your power or health without consuming it .
The Hacker Explained
It has taken ten years , but I have finally found out what the Hacker is .
Mr. Gibbon is an incubus as found in the DMFA strip by Amber Panyko .
Mature incubi have , when suitably angered , boneless tentacles which which come out of their backwings .
These can be stretched to approximately 13 feet long , and terminate in small heads which are capable of picking up small light objects , or pressing buttons , but not rifling through corpses across a gap to retrieve large , heavy weapons .
An immature feline incubus discovering his tentacles
Although the tentacle heads are generally controlled subconsciously , it is possible , through will and experience , to control them directly .
Since a smart incubus trapped aboard Citadel Station would use their tentacles to see around a corner before exposing their head , this would also explain why the Hacker appears to have no feet .
Mature ' cubi do not usually eat , but feed on emotions as their prime energy source .
Pain is a common energy source ( plenty to go around in Citadel Station ! ) , however ' cubi usually also have a favourite physical food such as ale , or in Mr. Gibbon 's case , drugs and smarties .
" How about the fact you 've lived three years on nothing but smarties ? "
18/11/06 - update Ben Karnow writes with a different theory :
" Unfortunately , it 's just come to my attention , after playing the CD Version of System Shock 1 ... that the Hacker 's gibbon arms are actually not boneless .
The warrior cyborg on the tower near the medical CPU node actually CAN be searched , if you stand on the grav lift .
" So I propose a different solution - The hacker is actually a " Diclonius " from the anime " Elfen Lied " .
" He 's a creature with two regular and two telekinetic arms ... which perfectly explains his propensity to rummage through anything and everything and never need a wet - nap to wash off the blood .
It also explains how he 's able to manipulate circuit boards and suchlike without getting an electric shock , and probably also explains why he 's such a wuss at throwing grenades . "
Part Six : System Shock 2
System Shock 2 is , of course , the sequel to System Shock .
It is based on the Thief engine , and shares most of its problems , such as being able to run around after you 're dead , difficult to mess with and only being available for the ob - ob - obsolete Wiiindooowws .
It has taken four years to gather enough material to write about , and even that is scarce .
But here it is anyway .. a list of stuff to do .
Run around , shooting strange drugs into your arms and mugging people for their money and valuables .
Oh , hang on .. that 's what you normally do anyway .
Oh , hang on .. that 's what you normally do anyway .
Look downwards .
Try and touch your toes .
You can 't ?
Oh of course .
42 years of technological improvement and you still have no feet !
You can 't ?
Oh of course .
42 years of technological improvement and you have no feet !
In the cargo bays , you can amuse yourself by squashing the protocol droids with the elevators .
Be careful not to stand ON the elevator or the explosion will turn you into goo .
When killing worms , try to get them to go into the repulsor lifts and kill them there ; the " worm bits " will bob and float around inside the lift shaft .
Getting a live worm in the repulsor lift is also fun .
Shoot all monkeys with the cryokinesis ability to give them a taste of their own medicine .
Kill the monkeys and steal their crisps .
If you have the PSI HACK ability , you can try to hack normally unhackable things like the armoury in level 2 , but since it has has 2100 % difficulty , there 's not a great deal of point .
In fact , there 's not a great deal of point in having the PSI HACK ability at all : it 's far less efficient that the real thing .
It 's only really useful for remotely detonating security crates , as you can hack them from anywhere within line - of - sight .
In the garden on Level 5 , you can poke your head out through the window and into hard vacuum .
On Level 6 , when you return to the Bridge Of Death , Korenchkin 's brain has been left lying around upstairs next to a crate full of explosives .
This is a very stupid place for him to leave his brain - after all .. suppose someone tried to hack into the crate and ' accidentally ' hit the wrong node ?
Inside the crate is about 70 nanites , a hit of antiradiation druggies and one of the useless worm - mind implants .
Nothing that will be sorely missed if the crate were to have an ' accident ' .
If you already opened it the first time you visited the Bridge , a wrench will also make short ( and very messy ) work of Korenchkin .
Whoops , sorry !
This is a very stupid place for him to leave his brain - after all .. suppose someone tried to hack into the crate and ' accidentally ' hit the wrong node ?
Get the Electron Suppression ability as it can stun robots and cameras .
Particularly if you happen to think the military robots are cute .
The fusion cannon ( on ' Death ' setting ) is a choice weapon for dealing with less - cute robots , gun turrets and anyone else who gets in the way .
Indeed , I can think of no better way to spend your cybermodules .
You wo n't regret it !
The fusion cannon ( on ' Death ' setting ) is a choice weapon for dealing with less - cute robots , gun turrets and anyone else who gets in the way .
Indeed , I can think of no better way to spend your cybermodules .
You wo n't regret it !
If you go out of range of the military robots for a long time , they will sometimes become docile and just stand there occasionally muttering to themselves ( and Xerxes ) .
They wo n't see you .
The only way to make them snap out of it ( what ?!?
Are you insane ? ) is to save and then re-load within their field of vision , which usually involves your death .
If you make sure you always save out of their sight , they should remain docile indefinitely .
If you use your Pyro Field ability to turn yourself into ' The Glowing Man ' , save and then reload ; the game gets confused and you remain glowing forever .
It will eventually stop damaging things as per usual , but your fiery light is very handy for exploring dark corners .
Like the drunkenness in Deus Ex , when you change map , the glowing will stop , but when you go back into the other map , you 'll once again have the yellow glow .
If you have the Teleportation ability , you can go into the forbidden shuttle cargo bay ( Number 1 , I believe ) , collect Polito 's memo and the cybermodules , and then teleport out again , thus avoiding Shodan 's usual punishment of subtracting 10 cybermodules as you leave .
Note that it costs something like 130 cybermodules just to GET the teleport ability , so do n't bother with this unless you need 5th order PSI powers for something else as well .
Talking about the cargo shuttles , if you 're really quick you can hack the replicator and explode the shield generator while Shodan is still explaining what you need to do .
( This is made possible by the fact that she lambasts you for being slow at the beginning of her message . )
Try to ensure you have at least 3 ICEpicks by the end of the game : you can use these to crack SHODAN 's head wide open in no time at all .
7th Feb 2016 : It is possible to commit fraud with the cybermodules .
Purchase as many Maintenance points as you can get , then use the repair tool to repair any weapons , including ones you would not otherwise be able to .
When you 're done , press UNDO and the modules will be refunded .
Not a huge amount of use vs actually buying the skill , but the fact this should n't be possible at all seems like a good enough reason to do it .
Repair wo n't work , sadly , as it pops open a new window for the repair dialog and finalises the sale .
Daniel Ti'Fiona , and DMFA is copyright ( C ) 2000 - 2005 Amber Panyko .
System Shock is a trademark of Electronic Arts .
A protester with the Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka , KS , displays signs with a flag tied around her waist as the funeral procession for U.S. Army Pvt. Peter Navarro pulls up to the St. Clare of Assisi Catholic Church in Ellisville , Mo on December 23 , 2005 .
The group headed up by the Pastor Fred Phelps , protests at the funerals of U.S. servicemen and women claiming that God is punishing those that fight in the Iraq war .
Navarro was killed by a roadside bomb on December 13 in Iraq .
( UPI Photo / Bill Greenblatt ) | License Photo
A protester with the Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka , KS , chants as the funeral procession for U.S. Army Pvt. Peter Navarro pulls up to the St. Clare of Assisi Catholic Church in Ellisville , Mo on December 23 , 2005 .
The group led by the Pastor Fred Phelps .
protests at the funerals of U.S. servicemen and women claiming that God is punishing those that fight in the Iraq war .
Navarro was killed by a roadside bomb on December 13 in Iraq .
( UPI Photo / Bill Greenblatt ) | License Photo
Next fall , the U. S. Supreme Court will hear the case of Snyder vs. Phelps , in which it 's possible the speech - related practices of an obnoxious group will be curbed -- but at the price of some new First Amendment fetters .
Members of the Westboro Baptist Church picketed the March 10 , 2006 , funeral of Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder , a U.S. Marine who was killed a week earlier in Iraq .
They displayed placards reading , " God hates you , " " Thank God for Dead Soldiers " and " Semper Fi Fags . "
Advertisement
The deceased soldier 's father , Albert Snyder , sued the church and its founder , the Rev. Fred Phelps , in a Maryland federal court for defamation , invasion of privacy ( intrusion on seclusion and publicity given to private life ) and intentional infliction of emotional distress .
In pretrial orders , the judge found for Phelps on the defamation and publicity given to private life claims , saying the extreme comments were meant in terms of religious opinion .
The jury heard the remaining privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress claims and awarded Snyder $ 10.9 million in compensatory and punitive damages .
The judge cut the award in half .
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the verdict and threw out the case on First Amendment grounds .
Unlike the trial court , the appellate court looked solely to the nature of the speech and not to the status of the parties as public or private figures .
( A private figure has an easier time proving speech - related harm . )
Advertisement
The 4th circuit characterized the Phelps picketers ' speech as " hyperbolic rhetoric " for the purpose of igniting public debate .
The appellate court said : " A distasteful protest sign regarding hotly debated matters of public concern , such as homosexuality or religion , is not the medium through which a reasonable reader would expect a speaker to communicate objectively verifiable facts .
In addition , the words on these signs were rude , figurative , and incapable of being objectively proven or disproven .
Given the context and tenor of these two signs , a reasonable reader would not interpret them as asserting actual facts about either Snyder or his son . "
Phelps 's picket signs , therefore , were protected by the First Amendment because they were found to have been a series of generalized -- albeit obnoxious -- rantings not specifically directed at Snyder or any other particular individual , they did n't disrupt the funeral and they pertained to matters of public concern , such as controversial issues like gay rights and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Snyder appealed to the Supreme Court , which set forth three issues to be addressed :
-- Whether the prohibition of awarding damages to public figures to compensate for the intentional infliction of emotional distress through precedent applies to a case involving two private persons regarding a private matter ;
-- Whether the freedom of speech guaranteed by the First Amendment trumps its freedom of religion and peaceful assembly clauses , and
-- Whether an individual attending a family member 's funeral constitutes a " captive audience " entitled to state protection from unwanted communication .
Advertisement
Regarding the Supreme Court 's first question :
The most important precedent in this matter is likely to be the 1988 case of Hustler vs. Falwell .
The high court ruled the Rev. Jerry Falwell , a televangelist and public figure , could not prevail in an infliction of emotional distress action against Hustler magazine , which parodied Falwell and implied he'd had sex with his mother .
It 's possible the high court has taken on Snyder to resolve an issue left open in Hustler :
Whether the First Amendment protects at - issue speech in intentional infliction of emotional distress cases where the plaintiff is not a public figure .
If the Supreme Court does intend such a resolution , it seems it will return to the trial court 's threshold analysis of the plaintiff 's status and will disregard the 4th circuit 's sole focus on the nature of the speech at issue .
Phelps maintains the funeral was a public event , rendering Snyder a public figure , but the high court has taken the case on the basis that it was a private event .
Snyder will argue he is a private figure and that Hustler applies only to public figures .
If the Supreme Court accepts Snyder 's argument , only then would it look to the nature of Phelps ' actions to determine whether they were injurious to a private figure .
A private figure much more easily can prove a speech - related injury than can a public figure ; Phelps 's picketing may be found not to be protected by the First Amendment .
Advertisement
It 's unclear why the Supreme Court raised the second two constitutional questions since they are not applicable to the facts in Snyder .
For the second question , regarding freedom of speech trumping freedom of religion and assembly :
Even if the funeral , a religious ritual involving assembly , were determined to have been held in public , the Phelps picketers were far enough away not to disrupt the ceremony .
Regarding the third question , on whether a funeral attendee is a captive audience entitled to protection from unwanted communication : Snyder could n't have been a captive audience since he had said he did n't know of the Westboro Church members ' picketing while he was at his son 's funeral .
The Supreme Court most likely would focus on the first of its posed questions -- the only one applicable at this point -- but a startling revelation occurred last week , many weeks after the high court agreed to hear the case , that may suddenly make the second two issues relevant .
On March 26 , the 4th circuit ordered Snyder to pay the Westboro Church 's court costs of more than $ 16,000 .
Snyder was interviewed Thursday on ABC's " Good Morning America " regarding the payment order .
During the interview , he said things that contradicted the statement of facts in the appellate court 's opinion .
Snyder said he had known a few days before the funeral of a letter the Phelps 's group sent to media and law enforcement outlining its picketing plans .
" We had a SWAT team , a Winnebago set up as a command center , and state , county and sheriff 's police " at the ready , Snyder said .
He said the picketers were approximately 30 feet from the entrance to the church and the family went through a service entrance to avoid them .
Advertisement
What 's the reason for the factual discrepancy ?
The Supreme Court articulated its three issues when the facts -- which the appellate court said were undisputed -- provided Snyder knew nothing of the picketing until after the funeral .
Snyder 's statements Thursday could throw a monkey wrench into the proceedings .
The Supreme Court could remand the case to the trial court in light of the disclosure .
Regarding the issues the Supreme Court had already set forth , the intentional infliction of emotional distress matter could be treated either way : Because Snyder knew of Phelps 's intentions prior to the funeral , Snyder could be seen as a captive audience suffering the emotional distress of knowing picketing was occurring at the very time of the funeral ( issue No. 3 ) , or he could be seen to have had a responsibility to use that prior knowledge to try to mitigate the emotional damage the upcoming picketing might cause him .
If the church is found to have disrupted the funeral ( a religious event and assembly ) because of Snyder 's awareness of and injury due to the picketing ( speech ) , then the answer to issue No. 2 is " no " :
Free speech does not outweigh the freedoms of religion and peaceful assembly .
Because Snyder 's recent statements are in direct conflict with the facts outlined by the appellate court , it 's more difficult to predict what the Supreme Court will do .
The law is clear : Picketing and protests have virtually free rein under the First Amendment .
The high court , therefore , may have taken on this case due to an interest in limiting first amendment protection of offensive and potentially emotionally injurious speech - related practices where the plaintiff is a private individual .
Advertisement
Designer Holly Gordon came up with this nifty aquapocalyptic design .
You can get it on a T - shirt , a mug or a mousepad .
But , of course , you also want Aquapocalypse water bottles .
When John Boydston got an e-mail from SoundExchange saying he had several thousand dollars in unclaimed royalties , he did what most sensible people would do .
He ignored it .
To the rock musician from Atlanta , “ money for nothing ” meant a song by Dire Straits , not a stranger contacting him out of the blue promising to cut him big checks .
But then he got the message again six months later .
Curious , he called SoundExchange .
“ Sure enough , they had a sizable amount of money for me , ” said Boydston , 51 , whose band Daddy a Go Go includes his two teenage sons .
“ It was several thousand dollars .
That ’s not a ton of money .
But for a guy who makes CDs in his basement , it was enough to finance my next album . ”
Boydston ’s money came from royalties that SoundExchange has squirreled away on his behalf since 2001 , when Congress created the nonprofit to collect royalties from digital music streams on Internet , satellite radio and cable television .
So far , the group has distributed about $ 360 million to more than 45,000 artists and copyright holders .
But at any given time , about 25 % of the money SoundExchange gets from online music services such as Pandora , XM Radio and Last . fm ca n’t be distributed because the artists ca n’t be tracked down .
Currently , that amounts to about $ 50 million .
And with the rising popularity of Internet radio , the cash pile has been growing , said John Simson , SoundExchange ’s executive director .
The problem stems from what Simson calls “ bad data . ”
Music services have been required by law since 2001 to send royalty payments to SoundExchange for the songs they stream online .
But they often provide scant details .
Stations routinely get promotional discs in the mail that are n’t properly labeled , so the performers often go uncredited .
Other times , music services keep sloppy records of the songs they play .
Some tunes , for example , are titled “ Unknown ” and performed by “ Various Artists . ”
“ We have this inside joke that if you want to make millions in the music business , just form a record label called Unknown and a band called Various Artists , and before you ’ve even recorded a track , you can collect millions of dollars , ” Simson said .
The problem primarily hits niche artists and older performers whose works are less widely recognized .
Boydston , for instance , has self - published six children ’s rock albums over the last decade .
He estimates that he ’s sold 30,000 discs in total .
“ I ’m a niche within a niche , ” he said .
“ People like me fall below the radar . ”
The “ dirty data ” phenomenon hampers the collection of royalties by other groups as well .
“ This affects everyone , ” said Patrick Sullivan , chief of RightsFlow , which helps track a separate set of royalties .
“ Without proper data , we ca n’t get the money out to the license holders .
We have to do it better , because ultimately if we do n’t get paid , no one gets paid . ”
To fill in the blanks , SoundExchange has a campaign to scour social networks such as Facebook and MySpace Music , to work with companies that provide independent artists with services such as CD Baby and ReverbNation and to hit music festivals and events .
Next week at the South by Southwest music festival in Austin , four or five SoundExchange employees will fan out , armed with a list of 450 artists who collectively are owed about $ 250,000 .
The vast majority do n’t know about the money they are owed , so it will be up to SoundExchange to look for them by attending their shows or camping out at the registration desks .
If they are like Lexi Street , lead singer for the Lexi Street Band in Atlanta , they will be highly skeptical .
“ Someone tracking you down and giving you money ?
It just does n’t exist , ” Street said , describing how she reacted when SoundExchange called her in April .
“ I was like , what do I need to do ?
Give them my soul ?
As an independent artist , you get so many pitches that try to nickel and dime you for one gimmick or another . ”
Street was eventually convinced by the voice at the other end of the line .
She registered her songs with SoundExchange and received two checks totaling just over $ 500 .
She used the money toward the cost of recording her second album , “ Champagne Promises . ”
Not everyone signs up .
Some even flatly refuse to take the money , believing it to be a con , SoundExchange ’s Simson said .
Joyce Moore , the wife and manager of Sam Moore , a Grammy Award - winning soul singer , said she routinely encounters skeptical artists , even after she tells the story of how her husband ’s first check was enough to cover six months ’ worth of property taxes on their Scottsdale , Ariz . , home , with some left over for “ a couple of nice dinners . ”
“ A lot of legacy artists do n’t understand what it is , and they think the money is n’t real , ” Moore said .
“ I tell them it is n’t charity .
It is n’t funky .
It is n’t a scam .
It ’s the real deal . ”
alex.pham@latimes.com
PALESTINIAN president Mahmud Abbas today slammed as " a massacre " a deadly Israeli raid on a fleet of ships carrying aid to Gaza , in which at least 10 passengers were killed .
" We consider this to be a massacre and we condemn it , " an official from Mr Abbas ' office said on Palestinian television , announcing a three - day mourning period .
" We will have to take some difficult decisions this evening . "
Arab League chief Amr Mussa slammed the attack as a " crime " against a humanitarian mission .
" We condemn this crime , taken against a humanitarian mission and people .
They were trying to help people .
They were not on a military mission .
Everyone should condemn this , " Mr Mussa said .
" We are now conducting calls to Arabs to decide on our next step , " said Mr Mussa , who heads the 22 - country organisation based in Cairo .
The Israeli army said " more than 10 people were killed " when navy seals stormed the boat , ending a high - profile mission by six ships to bring supplies to the blockaded Palestinian Gaza Strip .
According to Israel 's private channel 10 television , Israeli marine commandos had opened fire after being attacked with axes and knives by a number of the passengers on board the aid ships , the television said , without giving the source of its information .
It was not clear whether the clashes took place on just one of the six boats making up the aid convoy .
From here .
Derek Thompson captions :
I 'm sympathetic to the argument that taxing " bad " food is too blunt an instrument to use in the war against obesity ( food is n't like cigarettes , because we do n't need tobacco to live , etc ... ) .
But let 's be clear : the federal government already has a tax policy affecting what we eat , and it dramatically distorts the price of our food ... and the size of our waists .
There are dirty games for the DS ?
Who knew !
Any parent will tell you that having the talk with children is not easy .
Well , one woman in Washington wo n't need to break the ice with her third grader anymore .
Kara Petrich went to a Big Lots in Tacoma to buy her daughter a nice , innocent DS game .
She figured that Ubisoft 's Petz was a safe bet , what with the " E for Everyone " rating and cute animals on the cover .
Turns out the game had been totally mislabeled , from box to game cartridge .
Her daughter 's copy of Petz was actually a T - rated dating sim called Sprung .
Much shock and hilarity later ensued .
Petrich was damn surprised when she saw the dialogue .
One character said , " Make sure you bring your life jackets , condoms , "
Then there 's stuff like , " You wanna rock my mountains , do n't you ? "
Cheesy and tame for most of us , but still not something Petrich wanted 9 - year - old Paisley playing .
Luckily , her little angel had no idea what the game was going on about , so Kara is n't about to change that by having the " birds and bees " conversation with her early .
Apparently , Paisley had the good sense to run to her mom and complain " that it 's not giving me my pets . "
Rather than blaming Big Lots , the miffed mother is demanding a response from Ubisoft .
Either way , she 's learned a pretty good lesson .
" Most important , I want parents to know that you can't just hand kids a game and then send them off . "
If your nonprofit organization is anything like the ones I ’ve worked for , you pride yourself on making the most of every resource .
No one makes money go farther than you .
You shake the toner cartridge until printouts are no longer legible .
You are using the same file folders your predecessor bought in 1994 .
You buy nothing you could possibly have donated .
And yet , as careful as you are with financial resources , you may be overlooking another kind of resource that is just as important to the future success of your organization –social capital .
Do you care for your organization ’s relationships as well as you care for her money ?
Do you engage the people who support your work in ways that strengthen the relationship rather than diminish it ?
Do you create meaningful opportunities for volunteers to get involved , and then give them the support they need to be successful ?
Most organizations do not–and this oversight is costing them much more than they imagine .
One place to start using volunteers more effectively is in your marketing efforts .
Word - of - mouth has always been a powerful way to build an organization ’s support base , social media just makes the method stronger .
As a staff person you can only do so much to take advantage of this marketing method–but volunteers can help a lot .
You do n’t have to do it alone
If you like the idea of integrating your volunteers and donors into your marketing mechanisms , but are n’t sure how to begin , I can help .
Amplify your message is a free , seven ( ish ) - week e-course all about recruiting your organization ’s volunteers and donors as mini-megaphones to spread the word about your great work .
In our time together we ’ll cover :
Overcoming objections ( from you and your volunteers )
Giving volunteers the information , training and support they need to be successful
How to say thank - you early and often
What to do when things go off course
Bonus Q&A messages based on specific questions from you and your fellow course members
Note : Even if you subscribe to blog updates by e-mail you will not automatically receive the e-courses .
Click here to add the e-course to your subscription .
Mr Silva said if he vetoed the bill , parliament would overturn his decision
Portugal 's President Anibal Cavaco Silva says he will sign a law legalising same - sex marriage passed by parliament earlier this year .
The law had been fiercely opposed by conservatives in the Catholic country .
The ratification will make Portugal the sixth country in Europe to allow same - sex marriage after Belgium , Spain , Norway , the Netherlands and Sweden .
The announcement comes days after Pope Benedict , on a visit to Portugal , told pilgrims they should oppose the law .
Portugal 's Constitutional Court validated the bill last month .
Economic focus
In a televised address , Mr Silva said he regretted that political parties had failed to reach a compromise on the issue .
He said vetoing the bill would merely return it to parliament where his decision would be overturned , at a time when MPs needed to focus on the economic crisis facing the country .
" I feel I should not contribute to a pointless extension of this debate , which would only serve to deepen the divisions , " he said .
The bill had received parliamentary approval with the support of the governing Socialist Party and other parties further to the left .
During a heated debate in January , Prime Minister Jose Socrates said the law would put right an injustice that caused unnecessary pain .
But parliament rejected proposals to allow homosexual couples to adopt .
Many other countries have introduced civil partnerships , which give lesbian and gay couples some of the rights of married heterosexuals .
By Roland Buerk
BBC News , Tokyo
Hironobu Narisawa says he is aiming to change attitudes
A district mayor in the Japanese capital , Tokyo , is going on paternity leave on Saturday , the first local government leader ever to do so .
Hironobu Narisawa , the mayor of the central Bunkyo ward , said he was aiming to change attitudes .
Japanese workers are famously reluctant to take time off after the birth of a child even though Japanese law allows either parent to have up to a year off .
Mr Narisawa 's announcement has been front page news in Japan .
Council meeting
No other local government leader , male or female , has taken time off after the birth of a child .
Nationwide , just one in 100 fathers takes any paternity leave .
None of the male employees of Bunkyo ward has done so .
Mr Narisawa , whose son was born in February , said he hoped his example would help to change attitudes .
Traditional gender roles remain entrenched in Japan , one reason why the birth rate is among the lowest in the world .
The population is projected to shrink by a quarter by the middle of the century .
However , Mr Narisawa will not be entirely switching off from work during his two weeks of paternity leave .
He is planning to remain in the ward in case of emergencies and has already said he will be going to a council meeting on Thursday .
Desi Movers and its 18 aliases are currently out of business .
Their trucks have been impounded , their offices raided and their owners arrested .
Syed Altaf Hussain , the 57 - year - old Scarborough businessman behind the complaint - plagued moving company spent last night in police custody while his two sons , four of his drivers and their dispatcher sat in cells nearby .
Police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a fifth driver connected with the company .
In total , they face 160 charges including numerous counts of fraud under $ 5,000 , extortion , possession of proceeds of crime and mischief .
The arrests are the culmination of “ Project Overhaul ” — a three - month investigation led by Toronto police Det. Kevin Hooper who said “ this is the beginning of the end ” of an alleged criminal enterprise that posed as a moving company for the last eight years .
A Toronto Star investigation first drew public attention to Desi Movers and its various aliases in August 2008 .
The complaints uncovered by the Star mirror those that led two dozen police officers to descend on the company ’s Scarborough business address and on the residences of its principals Thursday morning .
In its investigation , the Star found more than 30 people alleged they were taken advantage of by the movers .
The Star also discovered that the company changed its name in order to distance itself from the complaints .
But with every new name came new complaints and they all sounded the same .
The movers would quote a very low cost to clients who responded to their ads in local newspapers or on the internet .
The company would ask for a deposit up front , then , halfway through the job , it was alleged would double or even triple the costs .
If a client refused to pay the increase , the company would allegedly threaten to hold their belongings in a company storage locker .
One client , Chris Brown , was told it would cost $ 500 to move 200 metres from one Port Credit apartment to the other .
But once the truck was loaded the price jumped to $ 1,500 .
“ All of my worldly possessions were on their truck , right down to my toothbrush , ” said Brown .
“ I felt I was being ransomed just to get it all back . ”
Toronto police fraud detectives issued a public warning about Desi Movers and one of its aliases , Indo - Pak Movers , last November .
At that time , police said they were investigating 17 complaints against the companies .
Hooper inherited that investigation in February and said he has since spoken to 15 people with complaints in 2010 alone .
In one recent case , Hooper said , a Haitian couple was allegedly forced to go to an ATM machine and withdraw their last dollar to pay for the rising costs involved with what was supposed to be a $ 300 move .
Police said the movers then jettisoned the couple ’s belongings onto the street and drove away .
In the Star ’s investigation , many victims said they had been frustrated by police inaction during their moves .
In some cases , victims called police who showed up during the moves but did not intervene because the company ’s contract stated — in small print — that excess charges might apply .
“ At face value it looks like a civil dispute , ” Const .
Tony Vella said Thursday of the initial inaction .
“ But it ’s a lot more complicated than that . ”
Police now say customers were subjected to bully tactics to hand over money .
Police say they receive numerous complaints about a number of moving companies in the city .
“ We focused on one particular crew and it all started with the dad , ” Hooper said of the investigation into Desi Movers .
Police allege that the father — Syed Altaf Hussain — trained his two sons , who branched out and operated their own numbered companies but always out of the same address .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
That Munham Gate address near Birchmount and Ellesmere Rds. was empty Thursday afternoon .
The sign above the door was half torn down .
It was there in 2008 that a Star reporter first met Arif Adnan Syed , Hussain ’s 27 - year - old son and owner of 13 of the company ’s 19 aliases .
Syed said none of the companies were related and advised the reporter to get off his property or “ there will be trouble . ”
The Star returned to the company ’s headquarters shortly after its initial investigation was published and watched as Hussain instructed his drivers to paint over the Desi Movers signage on the side of their trucks .
The Star last spoke with Syed in November after police issued a public warning about the company .
At that time he said : “ The main problem is n’t me , it ’s the public .
It does n’t matter whatever you publish , people are so cheap .
“ If I change my name today and put $ 2 less on the hourly rate they will still come to me . ”
Syed was arrested at his home on Beckinridge Dr. in Markham Thursday morning .
Police have since impounded his 2004 Audi .
Hussain was arrested at his subsidized housing residence on Kennedy Rd. His 2001 Mercedes - Benz has also been impounded .
Police have also seized 13 moving trucks belonging to the company and more than $ 20,000 in cash .
Police allege the accused were netting a profit of $ 1 million a year , yet some were still claiming welfare .
Charged are Syed Altaf Hussain , 57 , owner of Elizabeth Movers , Comfortable Movers and Masters Movers and Storage .
Also charged are Hussain ’s sons Arif Adnan Syed , 27 , ( owner of Desi Movers , Dynamic Movers , Dynamite Movers , Family Movers , Indo - Pak Movers , Master Movers , Supreme Movers , and Pacific Van Lines Moving Inc. , etc. ) and Syed Amit Monwar Hussain , 29 , ( owner of Xpress Movers and A1 Xpress Moving Inc. ) .
The companies ’ dispatcher , Vanessa Longhurst , 38 , has also been charged as have four of the companies ’ drivers : Syed Tamim Rejw Hussain , 25 , Clyde Alen Muffty , 34 , Scott Paul Slater , 31 , and Joseph Lima , 22 .
Police have issued a warrant for the arrest of a fifth driver , Jimmy Roland Veilleux , 35 .
The accused are scheduled to appear at College Park courthouse Friday morning .
With files from Henry Stancu
Times have been tough for medical device maker Boston Scientific : a $ 1.6 billion first - quarter loss , highly publicized legal and regulatory beatings , and , predictably negative fallout from a decision to pay new CEO J. Raymond Elliott $ 33.5 million in total compensation last year .
So with a sure - to - be- contentious stockholders meeting scheduled today , company executives have decided that the best way to put a cap on the flow of bad news is to ban reporters from attending as the press has done routinely in the past .
...
Good luck with that .
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
The Boston Globe , whose reporter was among those denied access , spoke to a couple of experts regarding the strategy :
" It 's not the best practice to close a meeting , '' said Beth M. Young , senior research associate at the Corporate Library , a Portland , Maine , research firm that tracks shareholder issues .
" It sets a tone and creates a feeling of distrust and secretiveness , which is not what a company wants to do when it 's facing challenges . ''
What she really means is that it reeks .
Frank Glassner , chief executive of Veritas Executive Compensation Consultants , a pay consulting firm based in San Francisco , said , " Very generous executive pay in light of very poor company performance may have something to do with it .
Probably , the best thing Boston Scientific could do at this point is to establish transparency . ''
Boston Scientific knows this looks bad , which leads one to believe that whatever the reporters might see and hear at the meeting could only be a lot worse .
...
And I 'll bet it's in tomorrow 's Boston Globe .
( Update : Meanwhile , Boston Scientific today has also issued a press release regarding an upgrade to its software that lets doctors remotely monitor patients who have implantable cardiac devices .
I 'm sure the press will be anxious to cover this news . )
( Update 2 : And while we 're pointing to Boston Scientific - related items , here 's one from today 's Huffington Post entitled : How to Get Away With Murder : Guidant and Corporate Criminal Justice .
Surely not the kind of thing one wants discussed at a shareholders meeting and reported by the newspapers . " )
Welcome regulars and passersby .
Here are a few more recent Buzzblog items .
And , if you 'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter , here 's where to sign up .
2010 's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries .
How many zettabytes can dance on the had of a pin ?
Dear Apple : Please make " magical " disappear from your iPad marketing .
How the ' Net would have saved Coke from New Coke .
I have absolutely nothing to say about the iPad .
Google cracks animal translation riddle ... for Android .
Clever video technique shows there really are two sides to any story .
Doing the Laptop Drive of Shame , Part III
True :
This site is not Snopes.com
A new take on cloud security ... from Hitler .
Facebook pushing ' Suicide Machine ' into an open - source afterlife
Cell - phone gabber in fast - food line gets his just deserts
48 technology " firsts " that made a president 's day .
Mark Cavendish got the better of Tyler Farrar last year at the Giro d’Italia , but this year will be different .
The American sprinter will be without his British rival , who is racing the Tour of California .
“ It will be different not having him around after racing against him last year , ” team Garmin - Transitions ’ Farrar told Cycling Weekly .
“ I still think there are a lot of really fast guys with André Greipel , Alessandro Petacchi …
There are always quick guys and , for sure , it is not going to be easy . ”
>>
Save up to 31 % with a magazine subscription .
Enjoy the luxury of home delivery and never miss an issue <<
Farrar made his debut in Grand Tours last year at the Giro d’Italia .
He went on to race the Tour de France , where Cavendish also blocked him from winning , and the Vuelta a España .
Without Cavendish racing at the Vuelta , he finally secured his first Grand Tour with stage 11 to Caravaca de la Cruz .
Cavendish won his first Grand Tour stage at the Giro d’Italia in 2008 and then went on to win four stages at that year ’s Tour de France .
Last year , he won three stages at the Giro d’Italia .
With the Tour of California and Giro d’Italia now clashing on the calendar , USA - based team HTC - Columbia asked its rider to race near its headquarters .
Farrar , who finished second , third and fifth in stages won by Cavendish last year , will logically have a better chance to win a stage this year .
“ I hope so .
The Giro was my first Grand Tour ever last year .
There were certainly some stages where I made some tactical mistakes .
Hopefully , now that I have a few ‘ Grands ’ in my legs and more experience with in the sprints it will go better . ”
Also working in Farrar ’s favour , is that the Giro d’Italia starts with three stages in The Netherlands .
Farrar got his start in Northern Europe and lives in Ghent , Belgium , which gives him a tactical advantage .
“ I know the Northern European races pretty well .
The second road stage [ stage three ] heads down the coast all day and will get pretty interesting if it is windy .
It will add a bit of different dynamic to the first few days . ”
Related links
Giro d’Italia 2010 : Cycling Weekly ’s coverage index
2010 Giro d’Italia coverage in association with Zipvit
Enlarge By Keith Simmons , USA TODAY USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION Letters to the editor USA TODAY receives about 300 letters each day .
Most arrive via e-mail , but we also receive submissions by postal mail and fax .
We publish about 35 letters each week .
We often select comments that respond directly to USA TODAY articles or opinion pieces .
Letters that are concise and make one or two good points have the best chance of being selected , as do letters that reflect the vibrant debate around the nation on a particular subject .
We aim to make the letters platform a place where readers , not just writers representing institutions or interest groups , have their say .
How to submit letters Karl Giberson argues that " there is something profoundly un-American about demanding that people give up cherished ... beliefs just because they do n't comport with science . "
Not true .
In the world of public intellectual debate , it 's quite American to argue for one 's point of view ( " Atheists , play well with others , " On Religion , The Forum , Monday ) .
READ OPINION : Atheists , play well with others
In past debates over slavery , for example , it was important to make the scientific claim that blacks are not biologically inferior to whites .
Slavery advocates had to be confronted with the fact that their views did n't " comport with science . "
Giberson next asks , " What sort of atheist complains that a fellow citizen doing world - class science must abandon his or her religion to be a good scientist ? "
Answer : the sort that has a point of view that they think is worth arguing for .
Finally , he asserts that " the New Atheists need to learn how to play in the sandbox . "
But there are many sandboxes .
In the sandbox of public intellectual debate , men such as philosopher and atheist Daniel Dennett are playing very much by the rules ; rules that allow all of us to be " loud , self - promoting and mean - spirited " in advocating points of view that we take to be true and beneficial antidotes to what we see as intellectual dishonesty .
We can agree with Giberson that people have " the right to be wrong " without agreeing with him that the intellectual freedom of others requires us to be silent or even nice about what we take to be harmful and false .
Mark L. McPherran ; Burnaby , British Columbia
For creationism
In response to Karl Giberson 's piece , we take issue with his statements about Ken Ham and our Creation Museum .
Contrary to the writer 's opinion , biblical creationists are as far removed from a cult as you can get .
Gallup polls in recent years continue to show that almost half of Americans agree with the statement : " God created humans pretty much in their present form either exactly as the Bible describes it or within the last 10,000 years . "
Also , our numbers are growing , not shrinking .
We work with hundreds of creation scientists around the world ; in South Korea alone , hundreds of scientists with doctorates believe in creation and reject evolution .
Our group has several full - time staff members with doctorates in their fields .
Genesis remains the foundational book of evangelical Christianity .
Mark Looy , co-founder Answers in Genesis , Creation Museum Petersburg , Ky. Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Notts County demand to be congratulated , not castigated .
This victory secured promotion for a club who , according to their rivals , have benefited from breaking the rules .
However , the County chairman , Ray Trew , says that to see his club 's success as the result of cheating is to indulge in sour grapes .
The oldest club in the league have been one of the least popular since details of their extraordinary financial contortions emerged this season .
After being taken over last summer by a company called Munto Finance , County hired Sven - Goran Eriksson as director of football and lavished extravagant contracts on players , most famously a £ 40,000 - per - week deal for Sol Campbell .
Envy turned to outrage when it transpired that Munto Finance did not have the money necessary for such deals and the club were , therefore , guilty of shattering the League Two salary cap , under which expenditure on wages must not exceed 60 % of revenue .
A transfer embargo was imposed but other clubs are angry that , though Campbell has left , the likes of Kasper Schmeichel , the goalkeeper who is earning £ 15,000 per week , have been allowed to remain .
County , claim the critics , have not been effectively punished .
Trew denies this .
In an open letter to League Two chairmen , he explains that since saving the club from extinction in February he has injected enough funds to allow County to comply with the salary cap , claiming the wage bill now stands at 54.9 % of total income .
" Such a dramatic shift from being outside Football League rules to being comfortably within them , without the need for placing the club into administration , represents the ideal way for a club in similar circumstances to handle our predicament within the current rules , " Trew tells his fellow chairmen .
" In spite of the well - documented troubles that we have had to contend with at the club and even with the restriction of a transfer embargo , the maximum sentence agreed upon by the Football League 's member clubs for exceeding the salary cap , being in place , we have still managed to maintain a fantastic run of form on the pitch which has seen us climb to the top of the League . "
Trew is under no illusion that his letter will extinguish the complaints , especially if County beat second - placed Rochdale tomorrow and take a step closer to the title .
" I 'm sure if we 're crowned champions there 'll be some clubs still bleating , but with no justification , " he says .
County 's future looked bleak when he took over but he says it is now bright .
" When we came in the debt was £ 7.3 m , now it is well below £ 4 m and I envisage that by the end of this year we will be debt free , " he said .
Success on the pitch has not , he claims , alleviated the financial pressure .
" Quite the contrary , " he said .
" Not going up would have been much less of a financial burden because our promotion bonuses are quite substantial . "
Nevertheless , he said County will give transfer funds this summer to their manager , Steve Cotterill , who has taken 11 wins and two draws from 13 games since arriving on a short - term deal in February .
" He has identified six positions he wants to strengthen and we 'll be doing our best to help him , " Trew said , which rather suggests that Cotterill , whose contract expires in the summer , is planning to stay at the club even though he has so far refused to commit .
Munto Finance kicked off this season claiming County would be in the Premier League within five years .
Trew said : " Our target is the Championship . "
Man of the match Lee Hughes ( Notts County )
Just in case we never get the chance to see our friends and family turned into zombies , an upcoming app will make it happen now .
Coming soon to the iPhone and iPod touch will be George Romero 's App of the Dead .
It 's attached to the famous zombie flick director to help promote the U.S. theatrical release of his upcoming film Survival of the Dead ( though the film was already released in the UK on DVD and has debuted on video - on - demand ) .
App of the Dead has two primary functions .
First , it enables you to take photos of your loved ones and to turn them into zombies .
It boasts over 20 zombie features , such as open wounds and weird eyes .
If it does n't include an eye patch too , I 'll be disappointed .
Second , App of the Dead uses a separate in - game engine to allow owners to shoot their new zombified friends and family to death .
Do n't think you 'll be able to kill your zombie mom before she can gnaw your forearm off ?
Get some practice in with App of the Dead .
It 's also being promoted to have " spectacular blood - spatter , " which should help future zombie killers get over their fear of blood .
These skills will be important someday , so maybe App of the Dead can help us learn them now .
However , is it just me , or is the " of the Dead " title really losing its luster ?
Image Credit : Chad Sengstock ; CBSIs David Letterman on his way to becoming a music - biz mogul ?
The Late Night host ’s Worldwide Pants , Inc. has just started a record label called Clear Entertainment / C.E. Music .
Letterman ’s first signee , announced this morning via press release , is Huntington Beach , Calif .
pop-punk quintet Runner Runner .
Runner Runner ’s self - titled debut is due late this summer on C.E. Music in partnership with Capitol and MRV .
You can hear lead single “ So Obvious ” right now on their MySpace .
Their sound seems to be pretty generic mall - punk , but “ So Obvious ” is far from the least catchy tune I ’ve heard this week .
I could definitely see this becoming a hit .
Give it a listen , then let us know what you think of Letterman ’s new venture .
While antidepressant medications have proven to be beneficial in helping people overcome major depression , it has long been known that a small subset of individuals taking these drugs can actually experience a worsening of mood , and even thoughts of suicide .
No clinical test currently exists to make this determination , and only time -- usually weeks -- can tell before a psychiatrist knows whether a patient is getting better or worse .
Now , UCLA researchers have developed a non-invasive biomarker , or indicator , that may serve as a type of early warning system .
Reporting in the April edition of the peer - reviewed journal Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica , Aimee Hunter , an assistant research psychologist in the UCLA Department of Psychiatry , and colleagues report that by using quantitative electroencephalographic ( QEEG ) , a non-invasive measurement of electrical activity in the brain , they were able to observe a sharp reduction of activity in a specific brain region in individuals who proved susceptible to thoughts of suicide -- within 48 hours of the start of treatment .
Prior research , Hunter said , has shown that between 8 and 14 percent of depressed patients develop thoughts of suicide while taking the most common forms of depression drugs , known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRI ) .
Although reports have suggested that SSRIs are to blame , no firm link between these drugs and thoughts of suicide has been established .
This study suggests , for the first time , a link between worsening suicidality and specific changes in brain function while on these medications .
The researchers treated 72 people suffering from major depressive disorder ( MDD ) with one of two SSRIs , fluoxetine or venlafaxine , or with a placebo .
All were evaluated by a clinician using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale , a standard instrument that assesses the severity of a wide range of depression symptoms .
Of the 37 participants on medication , five ( 13.5 percent ) had worsening thoughts of suicide .
All of the participants were also examined using QEEG , which evaluates brain function based on the brain 's electrical activity .
Among the 13.5 percent of participants who got worse , the researchers found a sharp drop in brain activity within 48 hours of the start of medication .
The drop occurred in the midline and right - frontal sections of the brain , areas known to control emotions .
Of note , eight of the 35 participants taking a placebo ( 22.9 percent ) also had increased thoughts of suicide .
However , the placebo participants did not show the precipitous drop in brain activity within the first 48 hours .
" This is the first study to show a change in brain function after the start of medication that appears to be linked to the subsequent development of worsening thoughts of suicide during antidepressant treatment , " Hunter said .
" Importantly , changes in this biomarker did not predict worsening suicidal thoughts in the placebo - treated subjects , so the results suggest that the biomarker specifically detected medication - related worsening only . "
QEEG is a relatively inexpensive instrument that is non-invasive ; measurements are obtained by placing electrodes on the scalp .
As a result , Hunter said , further development of this biomarker could potentially lead to a tool that could be used by clinicians to predict , in the early stages of treatment , whether an individual suffering from depression will develop thoughts of suicide .
Other authors of the study included Andrew Leuchter , Ian Cook and Michele Abrams , all of UCLA .
Funding for the study was provided by the National Institute of Mental Health ; the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine ; grants from Lilly Research Laboratories , Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and Aspect Medical Systems ; and an endowment from Joanne and George Miller and family to the UCLA Brain Research Institute .
The funding providers had no role in any aspect of the study .
President Obama comes to town today to deliver what the White House is billing as a landmark speech at Cooper Union to push stringent new federal regulation of Wall Street in the name of “ financial oversight . ”
This will play well on Main Street .
But in New York , Wall Street is Main Street – the centerpiece of the city ’s economy .
So the president and his fellow Democrats need to proceed with great care .
OBAMA STIRRING UP ‘VAT ’ OF TAX TROUBLE
GILLY TURNS TO JELLY OVER WALL STREET BILL
NICOLE GELINAS : O’S HOLLOW PROMISES
Clearly , the party sees this one as a political winner : Yesterday , it launched a major fund - raising appeal based on Obama ’s “ Wall Street reform ” plan , warning against a return to the days when “ big banks feasted [ and ] just about everybody else suffered . ”
But that kind of rhetorical overkill is a dagger to the heart of an industry that is the heart of New York ’s economic well - being .
One in 12 working New Yorkers are connected to the financial sector , which generates fully 40 percent of the city ’s business and personal - tax revenue .
Every $ 1 billion in Wall Street profits means $ 70 million in direct taxes for the city ’s cash - starved coffers .
“ Financial services is the most important industry for the New York City economy and the biggest job creator in the region , ” notes Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( D - Manhattan ) on her Web site .
And if Wall Street is threatened , those jobs — and that tax revenue — can very easily move elsewhere .
To London .
To Hong Kong .
Anywhere but America — and that , obviously , would damage the entire nation .
That ’s why Mayor Bloomberg warns that “ the bashing of Wall Street is something that should worry everybody . ”
Not that Wall Street has n’t brought a lot of this on itself , of course .
The dangerous risk - taking and often - reckless policies that sparked the 2008 crisis are more than enough reason for Wall Street to be subjected to an added layer of constructive oversight .
But when such regulation is driven by partisan hysteria and rhetorical overkill , the results can scarcely be positive .
The president and his Democratic allies need to think long and hard about the full economic impact of the draconian regulation and confiscatory taxation they propose to enact .
As Bloomberg has said , they should be doing “ what ’s right for the country , not what is politically popular . ”
By Peter Zeihan
In recent weeks , STRATFOR has explored how the U.S. government has been seeing its interests in the Middle East and South Asia shift .
When it comes down to it , the United States is interested in stability at the highest level — a sort of cold equilibrium among the region 's major players that prevents any one of them , or a coalition of them — from overpowering the others and projecting power outward .
One of al Qaeda 's goals when it attacked the United States in 2001 was bringing about exactly what the United States most wants to avoid .
The group hoped to provoke Washington into blundering into the region , enraging populations living under what al Qaeda saw as Western puppet regimes to the extent that they would rise up and unite into a single , continent - spanning Islamic power .
The United States so blundered , but the people did not so rise .
A transcontinental Islamic caliphate simply was never realistic , no matter how bad the U.S. provocation .
Subsequent military campaigns have since gutted al Qaeda 's ability to plot extraregional attacks .
Al Qaeda 's franchises remain dangerous , but the core group is not particularly threatening beyond its hideouts in the Afghan - Pakistani border region .
As for the region , nine years of war have left it much disrupted .
When the United States launched its military at the region , there were three balances of power that kept the place stable ( or at least self - contained ) from the American point of view .
All these balances are now faltering .
We have already addressed the Iran - Iraq balance of power , which was completely destroyed following the American invasion in 2003 .
We will address the Israeli - Arab balance of power in the future .
This week , we shall dive into the region 's third balance , one that closely borders what will soon be the single largest contingent of U.S. military forces overseas : the Indo - Pakistani balance of power .
Pakistan and the Evolution of U.S. Strategy in Afghanistan U.S. strategy in Afghanistan has changed dramatically since 2001 .
The war began in the early morning hours — Pakistan time — after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Then - U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell called up then - Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf to inform him that he would be assisting the United States against al Qaeda , and if necessary , the Taliban .
The key word there is " inform . "
The White House had already spoken with — and obtained buy - in from — the leaders of Russia , the United Kingdom , France , China , Israel and , most notably , India .
Musharraf was not given a choice in the matter .
It was made clear that if he refused assistance , the Americans would consider Pakistan part of the problem rather than part of the solution — all with the blessings of the international community .
( click here to enlarge image ) Islamabad was terrified — and with good reason ; comply or refuse , the demise of Pakistan was an all - too - real potential outcome .
The geography of Pakistan is extremely hostile .
It is a desert country .
What rain the country benefits from falls in the northern Indo - Pakistani border region , where the Himalayas wring moisture out of the monsoons .
Those rains form the five rivers of the Greater Indus Valley , and irrigation works from those rivers turn dry areas green .
Accordingly , Pakistan is geographically and geopolitically doomed to perpetual struggle with poverty , instability and authoritarianism .
This is because irrigated agriculture is far more expensive and labor - intensive than rain - fed agriculture .
Irrigation drains the Indus ' tributaries such that the river is not navigable above Hyderabad , near the coast — drastically raising transport costs and inhibiting economic development .
Reasonably well - watered mountains in the northwest guarantee an ethnically distinct population in those regions ( the Pashtun ) , a resilient people prone to resisting the political power of the Punjabis in the Indus Basin .
This , combined with the overpowering Indian military , results in a country with remarkably few options for generating capital even as it has remarkably high capital demands .
Islamabad's one means of acquiring breathing room has involved co-opting the Pashtun population living in the mountainous northwestern periphery of the country .
Governments before Musharraf had used Islamism to forge a common identity for these people , which not only included them as part of the Pakistani state ( and so reduced their likelihood of rebellion ) but also employed many of them as tools of foreign and military policy .
Indeed , managing relationships with these disparate and peripheral ethnic populations allowed Pakistan to stabilize its own peripheral territory and to become the dominant outside power in Afghanistan as the Taliban ( trained and equipped by Pakistan ) took power after the Soviet withdrawal .
Thus , the Americans were ordering the Pakistanis on Sept. 12 , 2001 , to throw out the one strategy that allowed Pakistan to function .
Pakistan complied not just out of fears of the Americans , but also out of fears of a potentially devastating U.S. - Indian alignment against Pakistan over the issue of Islamist terrorism in the wake of the Kashmiri militant attacks on the Indian parliament that almost led India and Pakistan to war in mid-2002 .
The Musharraf government hence complied , but only as much as it dared , given its own delicate position .
From the Pakistani point of view , things went downhill from there .
Musharraf faced mounting opposition to his relationship with the Americans from the Pakistani public at large , from the army and intelligence staff who had forged relations with the militants and , of course , from the militants themselves .
Pakistan 's halfhearted assistance to the Americans meant militants of all stripes — Afghan , Pakistani , Arab and others — were able to seek succor on the Pakistani side of the border , and then launch attacks against U.S. forces on the Afghan side of the border .
The result was even more intense American political pressure on Pakistan to police its own militants and foreign militants seeking shelter there .
Meanwhile , what assistance Pakistan did provide to the Americans led to the rise of a new batch of homegrown militants — the Pakistani Taliban — who sought to wreck the U.S. - Pakistani relationship by bringing down the government in Islamabad .
The Indian Perspective
The period between the Soviet collapse and the rise of the Taliban — the 1990s — saw India at a historical ebb in the power balance with Pakistan .
The American reaction to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks changed all that .
The U.S. military had eliminated Pakistan 's proxy government in Afghanistan , and ongoing American pressure was buckling the support structures that allowed Pakistan to function .
So long as matters continued on this trajectory , New Delhi saw itself on track for a historically unprecedented dominance of the subcontinent .
But the American commitment to Afghanistan is not without its limits , and American pressure was not sustainable .
At its heart , Afghanistan is a landlocked knot of arid mountains without the sort of sheltered , arable geography that is likely to give rise to a stable — much less economically viable — state .
Any military reality that the Americans imposed would last only so long as U.S. forces remained in the country .
The alternative now being pursued is the current effort at Vietnamization of the conflict as a means of facilitating a full U.S. withdrawal .
In order to keep the country from returning to the sort of anarchy that gave rise to al Qaeda , the United States needed a local power to oversee matters in Afghanistan .
The only viable alternative — though the Americans had been berating it for years — was Pakistan .
If U.S. and Pakistan interests could be aligned , matters could fall into place rather quickly — and so they did once Islamabad realized the breadth and dangerous implications of its domestic insurgency .
The five - year , $ 7.5 billion U.S. aid package to Pakistan approved in 2009 not only helped secure the arrangement , it likely reflects it .
An unprecedented counterinsurgency and counterterrorism campaign conducted by the Pakistani military continues in the country 's tribal belt .
While it has not focused on all the individuals and entities Washington might like , it has created real pressure on the Pakistani side of the border that has facilitated efforts on the Afghan side .
For example , Islamabad has found a dramatic increase in American unmanned aerial vehicle strikes tolerable because at least some of those strikes are hitting Pakistani Taliban targets , as opposed to Afghan Taliban targets .
The message is that certain rules cannot be broken without consequences .
Ultimately , with long experience bleeding the Soviets in Afghanistan , the United States was inherently wary of becoming involved in Afghanistan .
In recent years , it has become all too clear how distant the prospect of a stable Afghanistan is .
A tribal - ethnic balance of power overseen by Pakistan is another matter entirely , however .
The great irony is that such a success could make the region look remarkably like it did on Sept. 10 , 2001 .
This would represent a reversal of India 's recent fortunes .
In 10 years , India has gone from a historic low in the power balance with Pakistan to a historic high , watching U.S. support for Pakistan shift to pressure on Islamabad to do the kinds of things ( if not the precise actions ) India had long clamored for .
But now , U.S. and Pakistani interests not only appear aligned again , the two countries appear to be laying groundwork for the incorporation of elements of the Taliban into the Afghan state .
The Indians are concerned that with American underwriting , the Pakistanis not only may be about to re-emerge as a major check on Indian ambitions , but in a form eerily familiar to the sort of state - militant partnership that so effectively limited Indian power in the past .
They are right .
The Indians also are concerned that Pakistani promises to the Americans about what sort of behavior militants in Afghanistan will be allowed to engage in will not sufficiently limit the militants ' activities — and in any event will do little to nothing to address the Kashmiri militant issue .
Here , too , the Indians are probably right .
The Americans want to leave — and if the price of departure is leaving behind an emboldened Pakistan supporting a militant structure that can target India , the Americans seem fine with making India pay that price .
I would 've done a while loop instead of a do ... while .
while ( ! death ) // tighten up that code
{
have_and_hold ( ) ;
love_and_cherish ( ) ;
}
That way you do n't accidentally end up with a zombie .
The do loop will run at least once no matter what .
‘ I AM A GOOD PERSON ’ : Man who sent ‘ vile ’
Tinder messages speaks
The Sydney man fired over “ vile ” messages he sent women who rejected him has spoken for the first time about his “ embarrassing ” actions .
Deadly mistake
Aus should have avoided A damning report has revealed the government failed to act on one particularly important aspect of the COVID pandemic , asking “ who was in charge ? ”
Porsche tragedy : Shock truckie twist
The truckie accused of crashing into and killing police who pulled over a Porsche driver is accused of supplying and trafficking drugs to a child .
Chrissy Teigen loses third child Days after being admitted to hospital with pregnancy complications , model Chrissy Teigen has given a truly heartbreaking update .
Lingering kiss that sparked gay rumours
They may be celeb # couplegoals , but that has n’t stopped the persistent rumours about Deb and Hugh ’s 24 - year union .
Here ’s how they started .
Premier 's savage dig at ' poorer ' states live Mark McGowan did n't mince his words over WA 's hard border stance , telling reporters there 's " no benefit " in reopening to the nation 's other states .
New Netflix show ’s many , many flaws
There are many things to like in this seductive new Netflix series , Emily in Paris , but it ’s also let down by its many , many flaws .
Top bogan baby names for 2020 revealed
We ’re used to covering the most popular and unpopular baby names , but what about bogan baby names ?
The list is out and it does n’t disappoint .
How Dean Jones tortured rookie teammate
Of all the brilliant Dean Jones memories to come out since his death , this prank on Damien Fleming has to rank as one of the best .
Fury as iconic shopping strip ‘ vandalised ’
Residents are furious as a famous and popular local shopping strip ’s pavers are ripped up and replaced with asphalt .
You just finished up your first kayaking course and you now need to talk to your students and let them know how they did .
Help !
What do I do ?
Tim Dyer from
White Squall has posted some great tips to help you get through what some argue as one of the most important part of [… ]
Read More …
The next time you post an opinion in an online forum or a Facebook group message board , do n't be surprised if you get a rebuttal from a federal employee .
The government is looking for ways to monitor online chatter about political issues and correct what it perceives as misinformation .
The move started recently with a pilot project on the East Coast seal hunt .
A Toronto - based company called Social Media Group has been hired to help counter some information put forward by the anti-sealing movement .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade has paid the firm $ 75,000 " to monitor social activity and help identify ... areas where misinformation is being presented and repeated as fact , " Simone MacAndrew , a department spokesperson , said in an email .
The firm alerts the government to questionable online comments and then employees in Foreign Affairs or the Department of Fisheries and Oceans , who have recently been trained in online posting , point the authors to information the government considers more accurate .
It appears to be just the beginning .
The seal hunt pilot project was set up in part " to establish foundations and recommendations for future programs and campaigns to use social media as another way to listen to , inform and engage with Canadians , " MacAndrew added .
For some , the move to online monitoring was to be expected .
" I think we 're seeing the government recognize that millions of Canadians are actively participating online in social networks , " said Michael Geist , a law professor at the University of Ottawa who specializes in Internet law .
" We 've had Facebook groups in Canada that have grown to the tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of people , and they 've clearly had a direct impact on public policy . "
Geist himself launched such a Facebook group in 2007 .
He managed to get more than 84,000 members to help denounce a proposed copyright law that critics said would have restricted the way in which people use , copy or share books , movies and music they purchase .
The bill was eventually put up for public consultations and is expected to be reintroduced in Parliament in the coming days .
It remains to be seen , however , whether the online group managed to convince the government to alter the bill .
The commercial seal hunt might be an ideal test case for government involvement in online debate .
The issue has polarized Canadians .
Opponents call the hunt cruel and needless and say seals are sometimes skinned alive or killed as whitecoated newborns .
Supporters point out that regulations governing the hunt forbid both tactics and the hunt is heavily monitored .
They accuse opponents of spreading lies by having celebrities such as Paul McCartney pose with whitecoat seals , pleading for their protection .
Some groups are wary of government employees being paid to post comments .
" I would certainly hope they would be up front about who they are , " said Sheryl Fink , a senior researcher with the International Fund for Animal Welfare , a group which has long opposed the seal hunt .
" I think it does ( help ) if it 's a link to an actual study .
If it 's a link to a press release that 's got inaccurate information , that 's not helping at all .
It 's , I guess , the distinction between the communications side of the government departments ... and the actual science or data . "
( CNN ) -- Atrazine , a weed killer widely used in the Midwestern United States and other agricultural areas of the world , can chemically " castrate " male frogs and turn some into females , according to a new study .
New research suggests the herbicide may be a cause of amphibian declines around the globe , said biologists at the University of California - Berkeley , who conducted the study .
The findings are being published this week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Researchers found that long - term exposure to low levels of atrazine -- 2.5 parts per billion of water -- emasculated three - quarters of laboratory frogs and turned one in 10 into females .
Scientists believe the pesticide interferes with endocrine hormones , such as estrogen and testosterone .
" The effects of atrazine in the long term have been shown to demasculinize or chemically castrate [ frogs ] , combined with complete feminization of some animals , " said lead researcher Tyrone B. Hayes , a biologist and herpetologist at the University of Berkeley .
" We need to reconfigure how we evaluate chemicals in the environment and the impact on environmental health and public health , " he said .
Hayes found that 10 percent of the exposed genetic male frogs developed into functional females who copulated with unexposed males and produced viable eggs .
The other 90 percent of the exposed male frogs expressed decreased libido , reduced sperm count and decreased fertility , among other findings .
Syngenta , a Swiss company that is the largest manufacturer of atrazine , has challenged the validity of Hayes ' study .
" We have n't seen these kinds of responses that Dr. Hayes reports , " said Keith Solomon , an environmental toxicologist at the University of Guelph in Ontario , Canada , who has served as a consultant to Syngenta .
" Some of these studies are poorly conducted and are entirely inconsistent . "
The new study 's implications for atrazine 's effect on humans is unclear .
But some scientists are concerned the herbicide may pose risks to reproductive health .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency last year launched a comprehensive evaluation of the herbicide to investigate any possible links between atrazine and cancer and to determine whether new restrictions are necessary .
The EPA 's current safety standard for atrazine in drinking water is three ppb .
The European Union banned atrazine in 2004 because it was consistently showing up in levels higher than 0.1 ppb -- its threshold for harmful chemicals -- in drinking water .
Farmers in the United States continue to use atrazine on crops .
The herbicide has been a long - standing favorite among corn , sorghum and sugarcane farmers because it is affordable and can eliminate the need for tilling the soil .
Tens of millions of pounds of atrazine are used each year in the United States .
Syngenta estimates that 60 million pounds were used during 2008 , most of it on corn .
A 2006 study by the U.S. Geological Survey found atrazine in approximately 75 percent of stream water and about 40 percent of all groundwater samples from agricultural areas tested between 1992 and 2001 .
The Natural Resources Defense Council , an advocacy organization , released a report in August 2009 that documented spikes of atrazine in the water supplies of Midwestern and Southern agricultural areas where the pesticide is primarily applied .
Home or municipal carbon filters can remove atrazine from water but some water filtration systems in small towns are not equipped to filter out atrazine .
Water systems in a handful of states have sued atrazine 's manufacturers in an effort to force them to pay for removing the pesticide from drinking water .
Tim Pastoor , principal scientist for Syngenta , told CNN that the EPA 's current levels for atrazine are safe and that " there is political pressure to get atrazine re-examined . "
" Residues of atrazine and all our crop protection products in water do not pose a health risk for consumers , " Syngenta says on its Web site .
The company also says " ongoing laboratory and field research by university scientists shows that atrazine has no effect on the survival , growth or limb deformities of frogs . "
But Jennifer Sass , a senior scientist with the NRDC 's health and environment program , believes the research by Hayes and the other University of California , Berkeley , biologists is valid .
Sass also is skeptical of Syngenta 's claims .
" Their tactic is to flood the scientific literature with negative data to negate the other studies , " she said .
" It 's only their studies that show that atrazine is not an endocrine disrupter . "
CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .
HuffPo‘s Jason Linkins phrases it bluntly : “ This probably is n’t a very nice way of putting it , but basically , the most significant segment of the population that opposes gay marriage is the one that ’s closest to death . ”
As evidence , Linkins presents this nifty chart showing the age discrepancy in gay marriage support across the 50 states .
Old - timers in Alabama are n’t too keen on the idea ; whippersnappers in Massachusetts are all for it .
The District , which kicked off same - sex marriage this year , is n’t represented on the chart ; Maryland and Virginia , both of which currently outlaw same - sex marriage , fall about in the middle of the pack .
Look what we have here … details on the upcoming LG Ally ; the entry - level , Android - powered handset that is poised to take on the Motorola Devour .
Not nearly as promising as the rumored 1GHz , HD - capable Aloha , the Ally will ship with a 600MHz processor and 256 MB of RAM .
The side slider will run Android 2.1 “ with Google , ” and a LG - flavored theme that is dominated by LG ’s own calendar , Weather + Time , and Socialite widgets .
Verizon Wireless also mucks up the UI makes its presence known with pre-installed Visual Voicemail and V CAST Media Manager — Backup Assistant will be coming soon via the Android Market .
The Ally is slated to launch on May 20th in all channels with pre-orders beginning on May 13th .
Hit the jump for a few more grabs from the slide deck and a full run down of specs .
Thanks , VZW and vzwpenguin !
The rest of the specs are standard smartphone fare and include :
Our aim is to UNLIMIT Your Experiences on the water .
With confidence - inspiring stability , customizable decks that put you in control , and unmatched versatility so you can do what you want , NuCanoe boats are ideal for fishing , fly fishing , hunting , and so much more .
Each NuCanoe is Made in the USA and backed by our OWNER COMMITMENT .
Throughout their history the ancient Egyptians recorded making voyages to a place called the ‘ Land of Punt ’ .
To the Egyptians it was a far - off source of exotic animals and valuable goods .
From there they brought back perfumes , panther skins , electrum , and , yes , live baboons to keep as pets .
The voyages started as early as the Old Kingdom , ca. 4,500 years ago , and continued until just after the collapse of the New Kingdom 3,000 years ago .
Egyptologists have long argued about the location of Punt .
The presence of perfumes suggests that it was located somewhere in Arabia , such as Yemen .
However the depiction of a giraffe , at a temple built by Queen Hatshepsut , tells archaeologists that Punt is likely somewhere in Africa – perhaps around Ethiopia , Eritrea or Somalia .
There are even suggestions that it could be further south on the African coastline , perhaps as far as Mozambique .
The surviving Egyptian texts give only vague references to its location .
An example below records a voyage sponsored by the Pharaoh Ramesses III .
Author Pierre Grandet wrote :
I built great ships … which were equipped with countless crewmen .
Laden with products beyond number from Egypt … ( and then ) sent to the great Sea of Muqed , they reached the mountains of Punt without any misfortune befalling them .
Finding Punt
To solve the mystery of where Punt was , a team of scientists is turning to two mummified baboons in the British Museum .
They date back about 3,000 years , a time when Egyptians were voyaging to Punt and acquiring the animals as pets .
One was found at Thebes and the other in the Valley of the Kings .
The team is conducting oxygen isotope tests on the preserved hairs of the baboons .
Oxygen isotopes act as a ‘ signal ’ that can tell scientists where an animal is from .
“ We have hair samples from the older mummified ones in the British Museum and depending on how the results look the curators are willing to give us bone samples , ” said Nathaniel Dominy of University of California Santa Cruz , who is a member of the team doing the work .
He said that bone is better for this test than hair because it grows slower and keeps its original oxygen isotope signature longer .
To aid in narrowing down the location of Punt the team is also performing oxygen isotope tests on samples of modern day baboons from Eritrea , Ethiopia , Somalia , Yemen , Uganda and Mozambique .
If the oxygen isotope signatures of these baboons match their ancient counterparts the team will know where Punt was .
The other team members are Professor Salima Ikram , one of the foremost experts on animal mummies , and graduate student Gillian Leigh Moritz , also of Santa Cruz .
The Risks
“ There ’s a little bit of risk with this project , ” Professor Dominy said .
He explained that the Egyptians were importing baboons from Punt to keep as exotic pets .
This poses a problem since the longer an animal stays in Egypt and consumes the local diet , the more its oxygen isotope value changes .
“ There ’s a little bit of risk with this project ”
There are only two baboon samples available to the team .
If they were both kept as pets in Egypt for a long period of time the scientists may not be able to get the data they need .
Hair grows fast and in a year or so “ the chemical signal associated with their origin will be completely obliterated , ” said Dominy .
Bone is a possible fallback option because it grows slower than hair and the ‘ signal ’ stays in it longer .
There is one other possible problem .
Even if the team gets the data , successfully honing in on the precise origin of the animals could still be tricky .
Baboons from areas that are close to each other tend to have similar oxygen isotope signatures making it a challenge to figure out exactly where they are from .
Baboons of the Ptolemies
The team will also be analyzing the hair of baboons that date from the Ptolemaic Period .
This is a time in Egypt ’s history that runs from its conquest by Alexander the Great in 332 BC , to the death of Cleopatra in 30 BC .
The team will be using baboons from the Petrie Museum in University College London .
While this work will tell archaeologists where the Ptolemies were getting their baboons , it is n’t likely to reveal the location of Punt .
“ The New Kingdom expeditions to Punt had largely diminished by that point , ” said Dominy .
If all goes well the team hopes to have some initial results by April 23 – the start of an academic conference being held by the American Research Center in Egypt ( ARCE ) .
Professor Dominy said that these first results may not yield the location of Punt but “ at minimum we can reject some places . ”
Most of us have spent years building up our digital music libraries , along with tons of missing , mismatched , and incorrect tags on your music over that time .
Here 's a step - by - step guide for organizing your entire library , once and for all .
Advertisement
Your digital music library is huge .
Even if you only have an iPod nano 's worth of songs , that 's still a good thousand tracks — and some of you likely have closer to four or five thousand ( or more ) .
Today 's media players — whether on your desktop or portable device — rely on metadata to organize and display all this music .
If your metadata is disorganized , so 's your music player .
Unless you just started building your library , or have been ultra organized from the get - go , you probably have plenty of problems with your tags — missing tags , disorganized iterations of the same artist ( The Beatles ; The Beetles ; Beatles , The ) , and even some albums that have no information whatsoever .
Everyone 's problems are a bit different , but here 's a systematic approach to getting your library into shape , from start to finish .
We 've visited this issue once before , but that method only went over a few basic ideas , not to mention it used MediaMonkey , which is a solid tool but Windows - only .
This how - to will help you delve into some deeper issues in your library , with software that is available for Windows , Mac , and Linux .
Advertisement
Below we 'll cover how to fill in the large gaps in your metadata ( primary tags like artist and album ) , then we 'll dive into more specific secondary tags ( like genre or year ) , and lastly we 'll tie up any loose ends that still have n't been taken care of .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Filling in Missing Primary Tags with Jaikoz
Advertisement
The first order of business is to get any files with missing primary tags ( such as artist or album ) filled in so that you can fine - tune them along with the rest of your library later on .
There are a number of tools that do this automatically , and while none of them are perfect , Jaikoz ( available for Windows , Mac and Linux ) does a pretty good job .
It 's not super consistent in which secondary tags ( like album artist or genre ) it fills in , but that 's all stuff we 'll fix in the next phase anyway — the important part here is getting primary tags , like artist and album , filled in where they 're not , and Jaikoz does a pretty good job of doing this without any trouble on your part .
The downside is that Jaikoz is only a free trial , and as such will only let you save tags to 20 songs per session .
Previously mentioned Picard , which also uses the MusicBrainz database , does the same thing for free , but it 's much more difficult to use — so much more difficult , in my opinion , that I 'd rather restart Jaikoz for each album than try to wade through Picard 's process .
If you 're familiar with Picard or want to try it out , feel free , but I wo n't cover it here .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If you have more albums than can be easily tagged with a few sessions of Jaikoz , you 're probably in deep , and it 's worth paying the $ 20 for Jaikoz ; if you 're using iTunes , paying $ 10 for previously mentioned Pollux , one of the best automatic taggers around ( pictured to the left ) , seems like your best option .
So to reiterate :
If you 're going the free route , we 'd use Jaikoz ; if you 're willing to pay , the premium version of Jaikoz is solid ; if you 're willing to pay and use iTunes , you probably wo n't regret Pollux .
Advertisement
Pollux is simple enough to use that we wo n't explain how to use it here ; instead , we 'll offer a little more detail for the free Jaikoz method .
Advertisement
Once you 've started up Jaikoz and opened the folder on your hard drive containing your library , select the files that have missing artist or album information ( remember , only select 20 at a time or the tags wo n't be saved ) .
To select the tracks themselves , you 'll have to select files via the leftmost column of numbers in Jaikoz ( see the screenshot above ) — otherwise you 'll just select that tag .
While you 're going through this , select any tracks you might be unsure of , too — this is probably less widespread now , but back in the early days of file sharing , a lot of songs got out into the wild with the tags of completely different songs , so if you are n't positive that song from 2000 is the song it claims to be , you might as well throw it into the fray as well .
Right click your selection and hit " Auto Correct " .
Jaikoz will do its thing and you should see completely filled in tags and album art in just a minute or so , along with a " C " in the leftmost column to show which tracks Jaikoz has edited .
Hit the save button at the top of the window , close Jaikoz , and re-open it for the next batch of 20 that need artists or albums filled in .
Advertisement
Fill in Missing Secondary Tags with Mp3tag
If you have some albums that have at least one primary tag ( preferably album ) but are missing secondary tags ( such as song titles or year ) , you can use previously mentioned Mp3tag to search for the rest of them .
Mp3tag is technically Windows only , but works amazingly well in WINE both on Mac and Linux .
Mac users unfamiliar with WINE should check out previously mentioned Winebottler , which will wrap it into its own , independent Mac app , with no extra configuration .
Note though , that as a Windows program , it can't handle file names with certain symbols , so any file names with question marks or other non-Windows friendly characters will have to be changed — if iTunes organizes your files for you , this is n't a problem as it already does this by default .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Start up Mp3tag and open the folder in which your music is stored .
Before you do anything else , select all your files and hit the save button for good measure .
Mp3tag can read lots of different types of tags , but when possible , it saves all tags as ID3v2.3 , which is the most widespread tag format for Mp3s — AAC files have their own tag format , so that wo n't change , but files with ID3v2.4 can give some media players problems , so I 'd suggest it 's a good idea to make sure you 're using the best version possible .
Saving all tags as they are will rewrite them in ID3v2.3 , so you 're starting off with a good base .
Advertisement
To auto - populate the tags of a given album , select an album and hit Tag Sources in the toolbar .
You can pick anything you like here ; but any should do just fine — I prefer Amazon.com , but MusicBrainz also has a very well - kept database .
Both of these databases search by album , which is perfect .
You 'll be given a list of possible matches , from which you can pick the one you want to use .
Hit OK and it will fill in all the tags it has .
You 'll have to do this separately for each album , so again , if you have a ton of albums to go through , you might want to just spring for Jaikoz or Pollux .
But for a small to moderate number of albums , this works wonders .
Advertisement
Note that this will also add album art .
If you have a lot of albums missing art , though , I 'd recommend going into iTunes first and making sure that you 've added all the art you can , since iTunes ' " get album art " feature is quick and painless — but for albums that iTunes can't find , both Mp3tag and Jaikoz will automatically add art along with the rest of the metadata .
Batch Actions in Mp3tag
In some cases , there may be some things that auto - tagging does n't fill correctly , or just times when you need to do something that is n't already provided by Amazon or MusicBrainz .
This is where actions come in — actions let you define , via scripts or strings , exactly how you want Mp3tag to populate any given tag .
We 'll go through a basic example of how to create an action and how to use it efficiently , so you do n't do any more manual work than you have to .
Advertisement
The example I 'm going to use , because it 's a popular one , is filling in missing " album artist " tags , which can cause problems for some media players — but everyone 's situation is different , and you may have another batch action that you need to complete .
Mp3tag is extremely versatile and powerful , and while I can't go through every possible scenario , this example should outline how to use Mp3tag 's advanced features , as well as the most efficient way to perform manual batch actions such as this in the program , so even if you 're doing something different , you can still utilize these strategies .
Advertisement
Even large batch actions are n't necessarily that straightforward — so the key is to work with the smallest amount of files possible .
Say half of your music is missing the " album artist " tag .
Most of these tracks have the same album artist as they do artist , but not all of them .
The first thing we 'll want to do is weed out the ones that do , so we do n't have to muddle through them later and do them all by hand .
The best way to do this is sorting your files by tag , using the top bar .
Clicking on a column will sort the files alphabetically ( or numerically ) by that column .
You can sort by multiple columns , too — say you wanted to sort by artist , and then sorted by album within artists .
You would hit the album column first , then sort by the artist column — essentially going backward in the order you want them sorted .
Advertisement
In the album artist case , we want to sort by album artist , so we only have to work with the files that are missing the actual tag .
Within this group , though , there are still files we want to weed out , such as compilations that often have " various artists " as their album artist instead of the artist of any given song .
Compilation is not an ID3 tag , but iTunes does sort compilations into a separate folder — so by using " path " as our secondary sorting column , we can do all the compilations at once and then put them aside , saving them from being part of the batch action .
If you do n't use iTunes or a program that sorts compilations , you 'll unfortunately have to do this manually later .
Advertisement
To do this , click on the path column , then click on the album artist column .
Scroll to the half of your music missing the album artist tag , and then search for the block of files in the " compilations " folder .
Select them all and go to the left side of the screen , where you can edit the tags .
Under Album Artist , type in " Various Artists " .
This will populate that field for all your compilations .
Afterward , you can click the " album artist " column again to re-sort , excluding those from the list of tracks without the tag .
Now we can do our batch action .
Select all the files that are missing the album artist tag and go to Convert > Actions .
Mp3tag has a bunch of " quick actions " built in , as well as a few more advanced actions — but we 're going to create our own for this particular task .
Advertisement
When the actions window comes up , hit " new " and type in a name for the action group ( like " fill in album artist " ) .
Then click " new " again to add a new action to this group .
For this action , all we need to do is populate the " album artist " field ( called BAND in Mp3tag ) with the information in the " artist " field — so our field will be BAND , and our format string will merely be %artist % .
Hit OK until you get back to the main action window .
Check your newly created action and press OK — Mp3tag should go through all your tracks and populate the album artist tag .
Advertisement
This is just one example of a batch action you can do , but the general strategy for sorting by multiple columns works pretty well no matter what you 're doing — the idea is to change only the tags you have to in any given batch action , thereby cutting down the manual editing for those songs that just wo n't take via automation as much as possible .
Depending on your particular needs , you can make an action to do just about anything .
For more information on scripting functions and strings you can use , check out Mp3tag 's great help page .
Fine Tune Small Errors and Mismatched Tags
Advertisement
The last thing you need to do is edit any tags manually that are still incorrect .
This is where you 'd fix any files that you could n't fix with a batch action — following the example we 've been using , one instance might be albums by one artist but feature other artists on them .
You 'll need to fix the album artist tag for these artists yourself — which requires scanning through your library to find them manually , unfortunately , and renaming the album artist to whoever it 's supposed to be using the left sidebar of Mp3tag .
You can also do this in iTunes , and in most cases just as easily — in fact , if you 're an iTunes user in this instance , it 's probably easiest to go into iTunes and see which albums show up twice or more under album view , a good sign that iTunes is recognizing them as by different artists .
This is also when you 'll fix mismatched tags , such as the aforementioned Beatles example — unfortunately , unless you 've bought Jaikoz or Pollux , this is all stuff you 'll have to do manually , but like I said before : if there are more tracks than you can comfortably do by hand , it 's worth the $ 10 to get Pollux to just do it all automatically for you .
Advertisement
Clearly this is not the only way to organize your music library , but I can certainly vouch for this method if your library is at least sort of organized .
Also , you may already have your favorite tagging tool that I did n't use here , and that 's fine — like I said , I tried to keep this as cross - platform as possible , and there are a lot of programs , cross - platform or not , that fulfill the same functions as those presented here , and they 're just as viable .
If you 've got your own favorite strategy for keeping metadata organized , let us know in the comments !
Und die schönsten Fundstücke spenden !
Wir suchen noch Trödel , Antiquitäten und Liebhabersachen für den Flohmarkt im Kontorhausviertel zugunsten von Hinz&Kunzt , die sich zu dieser etwas anderen Nachttischlampe gesellen .
Am Sonntag , den 30 .
Mai 2010 lädt die Interessengemeinschaft Kontorhausviertel e.V. von 9 bis 16 Uhr auf den Burchardplatz ein .
Die Erlöse der Standgebühren des Flohmarkts gehen an das Hamburger Straßenmagazin Hinz&Kunzt .
Bei stündlichen Live - Auktionen werden besondere Stücke zugunsten von Hinz&Kunzt versteigert .
Dafür können Sachspenden , Gutscheine oder Flohmarktgegenstände von Unternehmen , Gastronomen und Privatpersonen bei Stephan Karrenbauer , Hinz&Kunzt , Tel. 040-32 10 83 44 , ab sofort abgegeben werden .
Wer lieber selbst einen Stand eröffnen möchte : Die Standgebühr beträgt für Anwohner des Kontorhausviertels 20 Euro pro 3 Meter .
Besucher von außerhalb können einen Stand für 10 Euro pro Meter anmelden .
Die Anmeldung erfolgt telefonisch bei der Quartiersmanagerin Edda Prenz unter 040-4145 4950 oder per Fax mit dem Anmeldeformular .
Wiping out the Gulf
Corruption in Washington leads to catastrophe
Collusion between government and industry always leads to disaster
( Natural News )
Over a week ago , I published an article here on NaturalNews questioning the media spin on the massive oil spill in the Gulf .
That story , entitled https://www.naturalnews.com/028749_Gulf_of_Me... ) , stated the following : " It 's hard to say exactly what 's going on in the Gulf right now , especially because there are so many conflicting reports and unanswered questions .
But one thing 's for sure : if the situation is actually much worse than we 're being led to believe , there could be worldwide catastrophic consequences .
If it 's true that millions upon millions of gallons of crude oil are flooding the Gulf with no end in sight , the massive oil slicks being created could make their way into the Gulf Stream currents , which would carry them not only up the East Coast but around the world where they could absolutely destroy the global fishing industries .
" Now , barely one week later , it turns out thatUSA Today now reports : That same article also explained :
Thealso reports now that as much asmay be leaking into the GulfThe New York Times also chimed in on the topic over the weekend with some absolutely shocking ( and disturbing ) revelations :
In other words , while the government has been telling us the leak is only , the true volume could be more like
It hardly needs to be stated that 80,000 barrels of oil a day leaking into the Gulf of Mexico could Oxygen levels have already fallen by 30 percent in waters near the oil .
When water loses its oxygen content , it quickly becomes a so - called " dead zone " because marine species simply can't live there anymore .
( Fish and other aquatic creatures need oxygen to live , obviously . )
With this volcano of oil still erupting through the ocean floor , we could be witnessingin the Gulf of Mexico .
And yet we 're faced with a virtualof truly accurate news on the event .
Both the oil industry and the Obama administration are desperately trying to limit the videos , photos and stories about the spill , spinning everything to make it seem like it 's not really much of a problem at all .
It 's much like the media coverage of the War in Iraq , where all video footage had to be vetted by the Pentagon before being released to the public .
Remember the uproar over the leaked photos of coffins draped in American flags ?
That 's what the Obama administration no doubt hopes to avoid by suppressing photos of dead dolphins and sea birds in the Gulf of Mexico .
The truth , as usual , is being suppressed .
It 's just too ugly for the public to see .
Of course , the truth has always been suppressed in the oil industry .
Even the inspections on this particular oil rig were , well , .
It turns out the rig was n't even inspected on schedule ( http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100516/ap_on_bi... ) .
It also turns out that the Obama administration actually gave the Deepwater Horizon an award for its history of safety !
That was before the whole thing literally blew up in their faces .
The oil industry , you see , is just like every other industry that 's regulated by the federal government :
It has a cozy relationship with regulators .
It 's the same story with Big Pharma and the FDA , or the meat industry and the USDA .
Wall Street and the SEC .
Every industry that 's regulated eventually turns the tables on its regulators and ends up rewriting the rules for its own benefit .
The oil industry has been able to get away with so many exemptions and loopholes that the regulatory environment is now lenient at best .
The Deepwater Horizon , for example , was given all sorts of exemptions to engage in risky drilling operations without following proper safety procedures .
And who granted it these exemptions ?
The U.S. federal government , of course !
So nowin this mass - murder of life in the Gulf of Mexico .
It is the government thatthe series of events that led to catastrophe in the first place .
And now , this catastrophe could lead to a near - total wipeout of marine life throughout the Gulf ( and possibly beyond ) .
In a worst - case scenario , this could destroy some percentage of life in oceans all around the world .
It could be the one final wound to Mother Earth who bleeds her black blood into the oceans for ten thousand years , destroying life as we know it on this planet .
All for profit , of course .
Let nothing stand in the way of another billion dollars in oil company profits !
( Regulators ?
Bah ! ) I hope BP can find a way to suction some of that oil out of the ocean .
If they can manage such a solution , they should then turn around and dump the entire slick across the landscape of Washington D.C. to coat all the bureaucrats in the black slimy shame they no doubt deserve .
This is n't about some random accident , you see :
It 's about The fishing industries in and around the Gulf of Mexico could be devastated for .
The diversity of life in the marine ecosystems there may soon find itself on the verge of collapse .
And still there is no real solution for stopping thethat continues to gush out of this gaping wound in the Earth herself .
I can only wonder what kind of hare - brained ideas these oil men are coming up with now to stop the flow .
A nuke bomb expert has reportedly been sent to the area by the Obama administration as part of some sort of " dream team " of super smart people to find a solution .
But it begs the question :
If we were so smart , There 's enough sunlight energy striking the deserts of Arizona to power the entire nation indefinitely !
Free energy technology continues to be suppressed in large part by oil company interests ( and the arrogant scientific community ) , and renewable energy technology has received virtually no government support whatsoever .
If we were really smart , we would n't be drilling holes in the ocean floor and hoping we can cope with whatever comes gushing out .
We 'd be installing ( CSP ) installations across the deserts of America or building more wind power generators .
We 've be investing in electric cars and alternative fuels rather than burning up our future with fossil fuels .
The smartest thing we could do right now -- after capping the volcano of oil , of course -- would be to make a commitment to .
But that goes against the financial interests of the oil companies who all want to keep us trapped in their system of fossil fuel dependence no matter what the cost to the environment .
And so we plug along , handcuffed to an outdated fuel source and still running our ridiculously historicalwhich should have been phased out decades ago and replaced with electric motors .
Humans are slow learners , it turns out .
Our modern civilization is n't really that " modern , " and it only seems to learn from catastrophe rather than intelligent planning .
The question remains :
How much more damage can our planet handle from Man 's arrogant pollution ?
At what point does all the chemical contamination , fertilizer runoff , carbon emissions and runaway oil pollution of the ocean add up toWe 're playing a global game of Russian Roulette right now with the future of human civilization ... and the oil companies just can't stop pulling the trigger .
There 's little question where we 're all going to end up if we do n't change our ways and find a cleaner way to power ourcivilization .
I do n't think Judge Andrew Napolitano yesterday gave Neil Cavuto quite the response he was looking for when he asked him about Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer 's predictably bad decision to make hers the first official police state in the country for immigrants .
See , every other paid Fox News Analyst that day had been sturdily defending the bill .
Not the Judge :
Napolitano :
She 's gonna bankrupt the Republican Party and the state of Arizona .
Look at what happened to the Republicans in California with the proposition -- Cavuto :
What happens ?
Napolitano : Ah , Hispanics -- who have a natural home in the Republican Party because they are socially conservative -- will flee in droves .
She 's also gonna bankrupt her state , because no insurance company will provide coverage for this .
And for all the lawsuits that will happen -- for all the people that are wrongfully stopped -- her budget will be paying for it .
Her budget will be paying the legal bills of the lawyers who sue on behalf of those that were stopped .
This will be a disaster for Arizona -- to say nothing of the fact that it's so unconstitutional that I predict a federal judge will prevent Arizona from enforcing it as soon as they attempt to do so .
That will probably be tomorrow .
Judge Napolitano is an interesting mixed bag of an analyst .
Sometimes he 's just a flat - out nutcase .
At other times , he 's a sharp and insightful guy .
This was definitely one of the latter occasions .
I think what Arturo Venegas , Jr. , former chief of the Sacramento Police Department and project director of the Law Enforcement Engagement Initiative , had to say bears repeating :
“ The passage of SB 1070 in Arizona is a catastrophe for community policing , with repercussions that will be felt by law enforcement officials across the country .
The actions of the state legislature and Gov. Brewer are an unfunded mandate to Arizona police and are clearly rooted in concerns over politics , not public safety .
No police officer should have to put arresting an undocumented immigrant over catching a violent criminal to avoid a lawsuit , and no victim or witness of a crime should be afraid to report it because he or she will be deported if he or she speaks to police .
“ This law will drive a wedge between police and the immigrant and Latino communities not only in Arizona , but around the country .
Trust between law enforcement professionals and the communities they serve is the cornerstone of community policing , and departments across the country have been working for decades to develop strong relationships with the community .
Latinos and immigrants across America have been watching Arizona with fear , and will retreat deeper into the shadows now that this bill has become law .
“ Today is a very sad day for the majority of us in law enforcement who believe that effective policing is based on community trust .
I hope the federal government will heed this wake - up call and take long - overdue action for comprehensive immigration reform to protect our communities , and I am deeply disappointed in Governor Brewer and the Arizona legislature for passing this dangerous , costly , and ineffective law . ”
It 's important to understand that this kind of approach means that real violent crime is going to increase in Arizona .
That 's certainly what has happened in Maricopa County , under the regime of Crazy Sheriff Joe Arpaio , whose approach to emphasizing immigration enforcement has served as the inspiration for this bill .
As the conservative Goldwater Institute found [ PDF ] , such an approach meant skyrocketing rates in real crime :
The Maricopa County Sheriff ’s
Office is responsible for vitally important law - enforcement functions in one of the largest counties in the nation .
It defines its core missions as law - enforcement services , support services , and detention .
MCSO falls seriously short of fulfilling its mission in all three areas .
Although MCSO is adept at self - promotion and is an unquestionably “ tough ” law - enforcement agency , under its watch violent crime rates recently have soared , both in absolute terms and relative to other jurisdictions .
It has diverted resources away from basic law - enforcement functions to highly publicized immigration sweeps , which are ineffective in policing illegal immigration and in reducing crime generally , and to extensive trips by MCSO officials to Honduras for purposes that are nebulous at best .
Profligate spending on those diversions helped produce a financial crisis in late 2007 that forced MCSO to curtail or reduce important law - enforcement functions .
In terms of support services , MCSO has allowed a huge backlog of outstanding warrants to accumulate , and has seriously disadvantaged local police departments by closing satellite booking facilities .
MCSO ’s detention facilities are subject to costly lawsuits for excessive use of force and inadequate medical services .
Compounding the substantive problems are chronically poor record - keeping and reporting of statistics , coupled with resistance to public disclosure .
Meanwhile , the tiny handful of remaining Arizona Hispanic Republicans issued a statement on the new law that blamed President Obama .
Because , you see , he has n't managed to pass comprehensive immigration reform .
Never mind that this bill was entirely a creature of the Republican Party .
For some people , Denial is a state as big as Arizona .
The live blog has now finished , but check back here from 9 am for the latest updates .
In the meantime , you 'll find all the day 's election results news here .
4.53 pm : I 'm heading home now .
But first , here 's an evening summary :
• Lib Dem MPs have allowed Clegg to continue talks with the Tories .
This morning ( see 9.34 am )
I said that we would not get a decision from the Lib Dems today about a possible coalition with the Tories , but that we might learn a bit more about where they are heading .
In reality , we have n't learnt much .
After the meeting Lib Dem MPs left the LGA HQ without talking to reporters .
David Laws issued a statement saying the parliamentary party had " endorsed in full and completely " Clegg 's approach .
We do n't know yet what they really think of it all .
But - from Clegg 's point of view - at least there has not been an open revolt .
Lib Dem
MPs could have come out of the meeting saying a deal with the Tories was unthinkable .
They did n't .
Clegg still has the support of his MPs .
• Clegg said that " reforming politics " was a priority for him .
His meeting was interrupted by a rare occurence - a large , noisy demo in favour of electoral reform .
Clegg has not said what his bottom line is in relation to electoral reform in talks with the Tories .
Some journalist colleagues think he is wobbling on PR .
But as far as I can tell everything he is saying now is consistent with what he said during the election .
• The Lib Dems said they wanted a resolution on a new government " as soon as possible " .
But they did not set a deadline .
The Tories have now accepted that there will not be a deal before Monday .
I 'm heading home now .
But we will be blogging again tomorrow .
4.51 pm : Plaid Cymru is supporting the SNP call for a progressive alliance in the Commons ( see 2.47 pm and 3.46 pm ) .
Plaid 's leader , Ieuan Wyn Jones , has said this :
We will now do what is expected of us by the electorate and explore the potential of working with other parties in Westminster in order to achieve the best deal for Wales .
A more balanced Parliament is a real opportunity to bring about a new approach to politics in the UK which would be welcomed throughout the nations of these islands .
Plaid Cymru and the SNP have appointed teams to discuss the mechanics of possible coalition negoations .
That does not mean they have started talks with Labour .
It just means they are making contingency plans .
4.42 pm : I see that #dontdoitnick is trending on Twitter .
4.41 pm : And here is the key extract from Nick Clegg 's speech to the protesters earlier .
Take it from me , reforming politics is one of the reasons I went into politics .
I campaigned for a better , more open , more transparent , new politics , every single day of this general election campaign .
I genuinely believe it is in the national interest .
It is in the interests of everybody in Great Britain for us to use this opportunity to usher in a new politics after the discredited politics of the past .
You could argue that this shows Clegg firming up his commitment to electoral reform .
But he is strongly committed to this anyway , and this statement does not really take us any further .
Sky is still suggesting that there is something significant about the fact that Clegg did not specifically mention PR .
But Clegg did not actually use the term PR a great deal during the campaign .
Normally he talked about political reform , or electoral reform .
For the record , the Lib Dem manifesto says the Lib Dems would " change politics and abolish safe seats by introducing a fair , more proportional voting system for MPs " .
It says the single transferable vote system is the party 's " preferred " system .
4.29 pm : Laws said that the Lib Dem shadow cabinet and the parliamentary party had both " endorsed in full and completely " the strategy laid out by Clegg .
We are determined to put the national interest before party advantage and to play our part in delivering the stable and good government that the people of this country are entitled to expect .
We have heard what the Labour party and Gordon Brown have been saying over the last 24 hours but in line with the strategy that Nick Clegg has set out we will be continuing our talks with the Conservative party as the party with the largest number of seats and votes .
We understand the pressures that there are to make a decision on these matters as soon as possible and we are keen for an early conclusion of these issues .
But people will also understand that we are keen to make sure that we make the right long - term decisions for the people of this country .
Asked if the Lib Dems would insist on a referendum on PR , Laws said these were matters to be discussed in the talks .
Asked about the prospect of a deal by Monday , Laws said he would not put an artificial timetable on the process .
He said it was not entirely within the control of the Lib Dems , because " other parties " would have to make decisions too .
4.22 pm : David Laws , the Lib Dem children 's spokesman and a member of the team negotiating with the Tories , has just delivered a statement about this afternoon 's meeting .
He said the parliamentary party had endorsed the approach taken by Nick Clegg and that the party was determined to put national interest before party advantage .
He said that the Lib Dems had heard what Gordon Brown had said .
But the Lib Dems would continue with the strategy laid out by Clegg .
On timing , Laws said the Lib Dems were keen to reach an agreement " as quickly as possible " .
But they would not impose an artificial timetable on the process .
I 'll post the precise quotes in a moment .
4.04 pm : A Labour MP has called upon Gordon Brown to resign .
This is from the BBC 's live blog .
Labour MP John Mann , considered a credible figure , has become the first Labour member to speak against Gordon Brown , calling for him to step down as leader .
He said he was an excellent chancellor , but a poor PM .
Mann is n't quite the first credible Labour figure to call for Brown 's resignation since the election .
Jane Kennedy , the former minister , said on Friday that Brown should quit .
But Kennedy has stood down as an MP .
Mann , who was re-elected as MP for Bassetlaw , is the first backbencher to speak out since polling day .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg addresses demonstrators from the Take Back Parliament campaign outside Local Government House in Smith Square , London Photograph : Gareth Fuller / PA
3.52 pm : Nick Clegg has just come out to address the crowd .
They applauded him wildly .
I never thought in my wildest imaginaion that central london would have 1,000 protesters protesting for PR .
He said it used to be a topic that only concerned a small number of academics and politicians .
The fact that so many people are concerned about it was " wonderful " .
He said he would not talk about the Lib Dem discussions .
But he went on :
But take it from me .
Reforming politics is one of the reason I went into politics ...
I genuinely believe it is in the national interest ... for us to use this opportunity to usher in a new politics .
That was it .
Then he headed back into the LGA .
3.46 pm : Jackie Ashley at Cif at the polls says Alex Salmond 's intervention in the hung parliament debate today ( see 2.47 pm and 3.28 pm ) could be " critical " .
Now that Salmond is offering SNP and Plaid Cymru support – even if it is only to bring in PR – that 's another 9 MPs , bringing the numbers to 324 .
Caroline Lucas , the sole Green MP could be expected to join them too – 325 .
Then there are 3 SDLP MPs , or the 1 Alliance MP from Northern Ireland who may lend support and bingo – the once in a lifetime chance to change the electoral system .
3.39 pm : Kay Burley 's coverage of the electoral reform demo has made it onto YouTube .
It was n't her finest moment .
" Lots of demonstrators shouting ' Fair Votes Now ' , not sure what they mean by that , " she said .
( Thanks to Lee , a reader , for emailing me the link . )
Nick Clegg is going to come out and speak to the crowd outside the LGA , the Lib Dems have announced .
3.32 pm : In the FT this morning ( see 10.21 am ) Lord Tebbit criticised David Cameron for not winning the election outright .
Today , on his blog , he has gone further .
He is saying Cameron will lose the next election if he strikes a deal with the Lib Dems .
This parliament will not last its potential five - year span .
This election did not complete the purge of the sickness of New Labour .
It is the next election which will decide the fate of the country – and the Conservative party will not win that election if it is tainted with the contamination of coalition with a party which puts the interests of Our Masters in Brussels ahead of the interests of the British people .
3.28 pm : Will Straw , the Labour blogger , is on the demo .
He 's posted a twitpic of it on the web .
Nick Robinson has written a blog about Alex Salmond 's call for a Labour / Lib Dem / nationalist progressive alliance ( see 2.47 pm ) .
The key question Liberal Democrats have to consider is how stable such an arrangement would prove to be .
Legislating for a referendum on electoral reform , staging it and implementing the necessary boundary changes could take over two years .
So , if PR is the main goal for many Lib Dems they'd have to be sure that " the progressive alliance " would last that long .
3.16 pm : What 's going on inside the meeting ?
Earlier a Lib Dem spokesman said there was a " warm " feeling at the meeting towards Clegg .
MPs were " providing their opinions on the political situation " and everyone was being given the chance to speak .
He described it as a " good , convivial meeting " .
3.14 pm : The protesters are now chanting : " We want to see Nick " .
Billy Bragg is telling the BBC that he is supporting the demonstration and that the Lib Dems should not go into a coalition with any party that does not promise a referendum on PR within a week .
He predicts that David Miliband will be prime minister within a week .
3.09 pm : Pam Giddy , the director of Power 2010 , is on the demo .
She 's just said this to the BBC :
Nick [ Clegg ] , when he spoke around the country during the campaign , ignited a feeling that people want change .
They may not have voted for him because they got scared .
But that 's what we 're saying : keep strong .
Otherwise your party , the people that you 've motivated , all the young people that are here today , are going to be incredibly disappdointed and politics will suffer .
The police are saying about 2,000 people are on the march , I 'm told .
3.00 pm : The electoral reform demo ( see 12.38 pm ) is coming past the Houses of Parliament now .
It 's difficult to judge the size of the crowd from what I can see from the Commons press gallery window , but there must be several hundred people at least taking part .
They are shouting " Fair votes now " and Hélène Mulholland tells me they have just arrived at the LGA meeting , where Clegg is meeting his MPs .
It 's quite unusual to have people demonstrating outside a meeting of the Lib Dem parliamentary party .
2.58 pm : Nigel Farage , the former Ukip leader and unsuccessful candidate in Buckingham , has left hospital today .
He was injured on polling day in a light aircraft crash .
Today he described himself as the " luckiest man alive " .
2.54 pm : The Labour Campaign for Electoral Reform has issued a statement urging the Lib Dems to reject a deal with the Tories
The Tories want to seduce Clegg into throwing away this golden opportunity for delivering a new , consensus - seeking political system .
David Cameron 's promise would see PR kicked into the long grass .
He would be looking to call a second general election before it reports .
By contrast , Labour 's manifesto contained clear pledges to have a referendum on scrapping the broken first - past - the - post system , and having a second chamber elected on a form of proportional representation .
Who would the Lib Dems prefer to work with ?
Conservatives offering cynical promises they do n't believe in , or principled supporters of the reforms for which Liberal Democracts have so long campaigned ?
2.47 pm : According to the BBC , here is what Alex Salmond has said about a pro-PR alliance ( see 1.39 pm ) .
Alex Salmond .
Photograph : Murdo Macleod
The assumption is a Tory / Liberal Democrat pact is not correct .
There are alternative and more progressive options available if politicians have the will to seize the moment .
The SNP and Plaid are indicating that we do .
If Labour ( 258 MPs ) , the Lib Dems ( 57 MPs ) , the SNP ( 6 MPs ) , Plaid Cymru ( 3 MPs ) , the SDLP ( 3 MPs ) and the Greens ( 1 MP ) all join forces , they would have 328 votes in the Commons - a majority .
1.39 pm : Here 's a lunchtime summary :
• Nick Clegg has started to consult his party about forming a pact with the Conservatives .
He is meeting his MPs now , and the Lib Dem federal executive will meet later this afternoon .
At the moment there is no deal on the table - the Tory and Lib Dem negotiating teams only met for the first time last night - and we 're not expecting any votes or decision .
Clegg has said that his party is taking part in the talks " in a constructive spirit " and that he will be guided by the four principles that he set out repeatedly during the election campaign ( see 10.37 am ) .
He is not expected to say anything more about the talks in public today .
We 're not going to find out what the Lib Dems are going to do today , but we may get a sense of what the mood in the party is when MPs leave the meeting at 3 pm .
• The Tory and Lib Dem negotatiating teams have agreed to meet tomorrow at 11 am .
The meeting will take place in the Cabinet Office .
• Labour ministers have urged the Lib Dems to reject the Tory offer .
Ben Bradshaw and Peter Hain have both said that if the Lib Dems want electoral reform , they should strike a deal with Labour .
( See 9.44 am and 1.21 pm )
• Alex Salmond has urged the Lib Dems to join a pro-PR alliance .
The BBC has just reported this now , and I have not seen the full details yet .
Apparently , he thinks Labour , the Lib Dems and the nationalist parties should combine against the Tories .
This is curious because on Friday the BBC 's website was running a story headlined : " Alex Salmond rules out coalition deals . "
I 'll post on this again when I learn more .
• Labour and Lib Dem sources have denied a BBC report claiming that Brown and Clegg had a row on the phone last night .
Jon Sopel said that he had been told that Brown delivered a " diatribe " and the Clegg concluded it would be impossible to work with Labour while Brown remained leader .
Labour and the Lib Dems have both said the conversation was amicable .
( See 11.58 am , 12.17 pm , 12.41 pm )
• David Cameron has called Tory MPs to a meeting at 6 pm on Monday .
The Tory leader has reportedly given up hope of reaching a deal with the Lib Dems before Monday .
• A report claiming that Cameron offered the Lib Dems three cabinet posts has been denied .
( See 1.24 pm )
1.24 pm : There have been reports in the media claiming that David Cameron offered Nick Clegg three cabinet posts : home secretary , transport secretary and chief secretary to the Treasury .
The Lib Dems have denied this : " The discussions last night were only exploratory .
We have made clear that we would have to agree a policy programme before there would be any discussion of jobs , if that was appropriate , " said a Lib Dem spokesman .
1.21 pm : Apart from Harriet Harman , the only two cabinet ministers who have been giving broadcast interviews today are Ben Bradshaw and Peter Hain .
They are probably the two members of the cabinet who are most enthusiastic about PR and cooperation with the Lib Dems .
They have both been stressing the possibility of a Labour / Lib Dem deal on PR .
They have not quite put it like this , but they have been appealing to the Lib Dems to say no to David Cameron .
This is what Hain said about PR .
I hope out of this we will see a big change in British politics - a new voting system , a new second chamber , a fixed term parliament .
But that can only come about from the Liberal Democrats talking with Labour and agreeing a new programme for government .
1.11 pm : David Cameron is meeting all his MPs at 6 pm on Monday , the Tories have announced .
" We are in constant touch with [ MPs ] .
The chief whip is keeping them up to date , " a spokeswoman said .
1.05 pm : My colleague Allegra Stratton also went to the LGA HQ to doorstep the Lib Dem meeting .
When she arrived , she was surprised to be mobbed by reporters and cameramen .
They thought she was Julia Goldsworthy , a Lib Dem local government spokesman .
12.58 pm : There was an interesting discussion of the hung parliament situation on the BBC just now involving Nick Robinson , Peter Hennessy ( the historian ) and Robert Hazell ( the constitutional expert ) .
Here are some of the points they made .
• The panel seemed to think that a " confidence and supply " agreement between the Tories and the Lib Dems was more likely than a formal coalition .
That would involve the Lib Dems agreeing to support the Queen 's speech and the budget , but being free to vote against specific measures .
• They suggested that there would be a deal in writing and that it would be published .
Hazell said the coalition agreement between Labour and the Lib Dems in the Scottish parliament ran to around 80 pages .
• Hennessy said he thought the Tories and the Lib Dems would need to put out an interim statement , before they had hammered out the small print of a deal , because they would need to reassure the markets .
There have been suggestions that there needs to be a deal - or at least the prospect of a deal - by Monday morning to stop the markets taking fright .
Apparently , that 's not the view in Downing Street , where Monday am is not seen as a deadline .
12.41 pm : Here is more from Jon Sopel on the Clegg / Brown conversation ( see 11.32 am , 11.58 am and 12.17 pm ) .
The senior Lib Dem source I spoke to said it was a diatribe , it was a rant , and that Gordon Brown was threatening in his approach to Nick Clegg and that Nick Clegg came off the phone at the end of it feeling that whilst political the Labour party and the Liberal Democrats may not be that far apart , actually the person in the shape of Gordon Brown would be someone it would be impossible to enter a partnership with because of his general attitude towards working with other people .
And the conversation sounded pretty terrible , according to this Liberal Democrat source .
But we 've now had an offical denial from the Lib Dems .
A Lib Dem spokeswoman said :
There was a conversation yesterday afternoon , but any suggestion that it was in any way angry or hostile would be wrong .
It was perfectly amicable and both men just set out what they said in their public statements .
12.38 pm : At 2 pm today there is going to be a demonstration in Trafalgar Square in favour of electoral reform .
12.38 pm : On the BBC , David Dimbleby is back in action .
He just asked Harriet Harman whether Brown should stand down .
She sidestepped the question .
" That is actually putting the cart before the horse , " she said .
12.25 pm : David Babbs , from the 38 Degrees pressure group , has arrived at the Lib Dem summit .
He 's carrying a banner saying : " Be Brave .
Fair votes now . "
According to my colleague Hélène , who is doorstepping the meeting , Babbs said : " This has to be the last election fought under first - past - the - post .
[ Electoral reform ] has to be a priority . "
The Lib Dems are now saying the meeting with MPs will go on until 3 pm .
The federal executive will then meet at 5 pm , at a different venue , the Work Foundation .
12.17 pm : A Labour source has been on the phone to insist that Gordon Brown and Nick Clegg did not have a row on the phone last night .
He said that Sopel 's report ( see 11.32 am and 11.58 am ) was " very fabricated " .
He said that Clegg did not tell Brown he should resign .
The source said it was a short call , but " very amicable " .
The source said that Clegg and Brown discussed the process that the Lib Dems are going through .
Brown told Clegg that if the talks with the Tories did not work out , Brown would be willing to open negotiations .
At the Cenotaph Brown , Cameron and Clegg all laid their wreaths together , rather than one by one ( with Brown going first ) .
The TV commentators are not sure whether this was because no one won the election , or because it was quicker doing it that way .
11.58 am : I 'm trying to get more about this Brown / Clegg conversation ( see 11.32 am ) .
The BBC says Brown " delivered a diatribe laced with threats when he spoke to Nick Clegg last night by phone " .
The tone was " in sharp contrast to the respectful and constructive talk between David Cameron and Mr Clegg " .
Sopel has attributed his information to Lib Dem sources .
But according to the Labour and Lib Dem sources who have been briefing Sky , the conversation was not like that at all .
Brown , Cameron and Clegg are about to meet at the Cenotaph .
11.49 am : Hélène has called from the Lib Dem summit .
The MPs are starting to arrive for the 12 pm meeting now .
Malcolm Bruce , Sir Menzies Campbel and Sir Alan Beith have already turned out .
Clegg has left to go to the Cenotaph .
Apparently , he was applauded by a group of schoolchildren as he left .
The Lib Dems are saying that their meeting will go on until about 4 pm .
The federal executive will meet ( also in the LGA ) after that .
Party officials say Clegg is not planning to say anything more in public today about the talks with the Tories .
11.32 am : The BBC is reporting that Gordon Brown spoke to Nick Clegg last night .
According to Jon Sopel , the conversation " did n't go very well at all " .
Sopel suggests that Clegg suggested he could not deal with Labour while Brown remained leader .
11.27am : If Nick Clegg wants to go into coalition with the Tories ( or Labour ) , he is constrained by something called the " triple lock " .
This is a party rule passed in 1998 when activists were worried about Paddy Ashdown 's desire to do a deal with Labour .
( They were right to be worried .
Ashdown was more committed to coalition than he admitted in public , and Tony Blair was even talking privately about a merger . )
Here ( from Liberal Democrat Voice ) is the wording of the triple lock .
Conference agrees that :
( i ) in the event of any substantial proposal which could affect the party 's independence of political action , the consent will be required of a majority of members of the parliamentary party in the House of Commons and the fderal executive ; and ,
( ii ) unless there is a three - quarters majority of each group in favour of the proposals , the consent of the majority of those present and voting at a special conference convened under clause 6.6 of the Constitution ; and ,
( iii ) unless there is a two - thirds majority of those present and voting at that conference in favour of the proposals , the consent of a majority of all members of the party voting in the ballot called pursuant to clause 6.11 or 8.6 of the constitution .
11.10 am : Sky is getting excited about the fact that Clegg talked about fundamental " political reform " and not fundamental " electoral reform " when he arrived at the LGA ( see 10.37 am ) .
I 'm a huge fan of Sky , but I think they 're wrong about this .
When Lib Dems talk about political reform , they mean electoral reform .
11.03 am : The Lib Dems have indicated that there wo n't be any votes at the meeting today .
Here , from the Press Association , are some of the things other Lib Dems have been saying about today 's events .
Norman Baker said he was expecting " a very , very interesting day " .
Lord Ashdown said the media would have to be " a little bit patient " .
And Steve Webb , asked if there was support within the party for a deal with Tories , replied : " I do n't know .
This has all moved so quickly .
It 's only 36 hours since the result . "
10.58 am : More from the Lib Dem summit .
Hélène tells me that Vincent Cable has just arrived .
He did not say anything as he went in .
( He was wearing a brown corduroy jacket , apparently , which does not seem to have gone down well with the style police . )
Clegg will be out again at 11.45 , because he 's got to go to the Cenotaph for an event to mark the 65th anniversary of VE day .
He will be back at 12.25 .
Of the Lib Dems ' 57 MPs , 56 of them are coming .
Dan Rogerson , apparently , is stuck in Cornwall .
10.52 am : If you missed Jim Naughtie 's radio essay on the hung parliament situation on the Today programme this morning , you should listen to it .
He spent some time taking soundings yesterday and his conclusion is that Gordon Brown knows it 's over and that David Cameron will soon become prime minister .
He also said he had been told the Tories were willing to offer the Lib Dems a very senior cabinet post , such as the Foreign Office , the Home Office or the Treasury .
( It was not clear whether he meant the chancellor 's post , or another Treasury job . )
10.44am : My colleague Hélène Mulholland is door - stepping the Lib Dem meeting with other journalists .
I 've just spoken to her on the phone .
Hélène Mulholland Photograph : guardian.co.uk
After Clegg went in , he was followed by Chris Huhne , Danny Alexander , and Andrew Stunnell .
They went straight in , without saying a word , despite our best efforts to get them to say something .
It was very businesslike .
They looked a bit ministerial , though they 're not ministers yet .
We have n't seen Vince Cable .
He seems to be late - the meeting was meant to start at 10.30 am - but we 've been told he will be here soon .
Nick Clegg outside his home in south London today .
Photograph : Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
10.37 am : Nick Clegg has arrived at the LGA at Smith Square .
This is what he said :
Clearly the result of the election means politicians have a duty to speak to each other .
People deserve good , stable government .
That 's why I 'm very keen the Liberal Democrats should enter into discussions with other parties as we are doing in a constructive spirit .
That 's precisely what we will do in the coming hours and days .
Throughout we will be very much making the case for the four big priorities that we 've always said , well before this election took place , would guide us in any circumstances .
They are there right on the face of our manifesto .
Firstly , fair tax reform .
Secondly , a new approach in education to provide the fair start that all children deserve in school .
Thirdly , a new approach to the economy so that we can build a new economy from the rubble of the old .
And , fourthly , fundamental political reform to our political system .
And it 's precisely those four changes that will guide us in the talks ahead .
10.21 am : The Tory blame - game has started in earnest .
Here are some snippets from the papers .
From Michael Brown ( a former Tory MP ) in the Independent :
In the words of one senior Tory backbencher to me yesterday , " Cameron has pissed this election away . "
The Tory leader has spent more than four years " decontaminating the brand " .
Yet , against this backcloth of humiliation for Labour , he has ended up with less than a 3 % increase on the share of the vote achieved at the 2005 general election by Michael Howard , who pursued a " dog whistle " campaign highlighting , immigration , Europe and tax cuts .
From Francis Elliott and Roland Watson in the Times :
Anger at the failure of the Tories ' campaign , an effort tightly controlled by the leadership , is bubbling dangerously close to the surface .
The unpalatable truth , say critics , is that for decades the most well - funded , professionally organised and disciplined Tory campaign has come up short .
Disaffected MPs have identified two early scapegoats : Andy Coulson and Mr Hilton .
Mr Coulson , unfairly insist some , is being blamed for allowing Mr Cameron to be trapped by his own rhetoric in the television debates .
The decision to give Nick Clegg a platform was a grave blunder , as even Mr Cameron has come close to acknowledging .
Mr Hilton , meanwhile , shoulders responsibility for crafting a message that failed to connect with sufficient force .
Behind - the - scenes anecdotes are starting to emerge .
One records how Bill Knapp , the US political consultant hired to help Mr Cameron , had a simple question on the eve of the vital second television debate .
What research had been done into what voters thought of the Tory campaign 's key theme of the Big Society ?
The answer was an embarrassed silence .
When results from a hurriedly convened focus group detailed a negative reaction at a subsequent meeting , Mr Hilton is said to have stormed out .
From Jean Eaglesham in the Financial Times :
Lord Tebbit , the Thatcherite former cabinet minister , said the failure to establish an election - winning lead was " the fault of the Conservatives themselves .
I hope that if Mr Cameron becomes prime minister he will learn that lesson . "
" I told you so , " said one MP .
" The party is angry .
. .
It 's all blame , blame , blame .
The know - it - alls [ Cameroons ] have n't delivered . "
10.05 am : What have David Cameron and Nick Clegg been up to so far this morning ?
According to the Press Association , Clegg " left his home in Putney today with one of his children .
He returned a few minutes later and , responding to journalists ' questions , said simply : ' I 'll keep you informed later ' .
As for Cameron , " dressed in running gear , he returned to his London home carrying newspapers , where he was greeted by a neighbour , who wished him good luck in forming a new government " .
10.01 am : Simon Hughes , the Lib Dem energy spokesman , told the Today programme that he expected his party to reach a decision by Wednesday , which he said was when the new parliament would meet .
But the new parliament does not actually meet until Tuesday May 18 .
He said that at the party meeting today there would not be a " deal on the table " to discuss .
But the party would consider where it wanted to go .
Hughes and other members of the Lib Dem shadow cabinet will be meeting at the Local Government Association HQ in Smith Square , Westminster , before the meeting of all Lib Dem MPs in the same venue at noon .
9.51 am : Liam Fox , the Tory defence spokesman , was on the Today programme too .
He sais that the Tories would not be " held to ransom " by the Lib Dems demanding PR .
It would seem to me very strange in an election that was dominated by the economy ... if the government of the UK was held to ransom over an issue that the voters did not see as their priority .
I do n't think that it 's reasonable , given the result of the election , where we did come clearly ahead of any other party , that an agenda would be applied that was very much against what a very large proportion voted for .
Ben Bradshaw .
Photo : Dan Kitwood / Getty
9.44 am : Ben Bradshaw , the culture secretary ( and one of the strongest supporters of PR in the cabinet ) , has been doing a series of interviews this morning .
He thinks that a Tory / Lib Dem coalition would not work and that a Labour / Lib Dem deal is more likely .
He told the Today programme :
It would be inconceivable to me for the Liberal Democrats to sign up to anything that fell short of a guarantee of a referendum on reform of the voting system .
I still see the possibility of a progressive coalition in this country ...
We are in a new world .
The people have spoken , the people have won this election , no political party has won this election .
This is a very exciting moment for progressives .
Bradshaw also claimed that the Lib Dems and Labour were " as one " on the economy .
On the economy , the biggest issue facing this country , we and the Liberal Democrats agree that it would be a disaster to take £ 6bn out of the economy now .
It would take us back into recession .
That 's the Conservative policy , so the idea that , I think , the Conservatives and the Lib Dems will be able to work together , I do n't believe it .
9.38 am : I 'll be blogging through the day , covering the latest developments , flagging up all the best stories in today 's papers and of course reporting from the key Lib Dem meeting at midday .
9.34 am : Who 's going to run the country ?
Two days after the election , it 's still not clear .
It 's largely up to the Lib Dems , and Nick Clegg 's party has already opened talks with the Conservatives about some form of coalition .
At midday today there will be a meeting of Lib Dem MPs and peers that will allow Clegg to find out what his party feels about a deal .
Later there will be a meeting of the Lib Dems ' federal executive .
But the party does not have to take a firm decision today .
By late this afternoon we 'll probably get a better idea of where the Lib Dems are heading .
But we almost certainly wo n't get an outcome .
In the Guardian today , my colleague Allegra Stratton has got a terrific explanation of the dilemma facing Clegg .
Allegra Stratton byline .
Photograph : Frank Baron
One analyst put the risks of a Tory coalition like this : " We know he is absolutely insincere about political reform and anything he has to say in this area is worthless – a historical fact .
Secondly , there 's not a huge amount of political convergence so it would be difficult to construct an honourable alliance on tax reform , on defence , on marriage , on the family , on ID cards .
Thirdly , he will preside over unpopular decisions , and so why be involved in those ?
And fourthly , there will always be an aim on the Tories ' part to blame the Lib Dems for anything that goes wrong and so pull the rug out from under our feet . "
On the other hand , they listed the risks of a Lib - Lab pact : " Firstly , Brown is unpopular and the only kind of coalition he could forge would be short of what we need , exotic and unwieldy .
Secondly , the rightwing media will run against that coalition .
Thirdly , there will be a public perception that they have just witnessed gerrymandering .
And lastly , any PR referendum ultimately becomes a referendum on an unpopular Lib - Lab pact – and the choice is rejected with the last chance to bring in profound electoral change for a generation . "
French and Italian researchers have decoded the genome of the pinot noir grape , a breakthrough that could one day lead to the engineering of pest - resistant strains or - more controversially - new varieties and flavours of wine .
The study showed that wine connoisseurs who praise the " complexity " of Champagne and Burgundy wines are spot on : pinot noir has around 30,000 genes in its DNA , compared with 20,000 - 25,000 in the human genome .
The grape had more than a hundred genes dedicated to creating the tannins and terpenes that give wine its rich flavour , twice as many as other plants .
The team published its findings in the journal Nature yesterday .
Pinot noir is the first grape , and the first fruit , to be genetically mapped , and it could take years to apply this new knowledge to the vines .
But it could eventually lead to hardier grape varieties that are more resistant to bugs and disease .
This could be the first step towards developing new flavours of wine , according to one of the researchers , Patrick Wincker ; but because flavour also depends on sunlight and soil conditions , " tweaking the taste of wine wo n't be straightforward " , he said .
The Automotive Expertise Associate Diploma program offers entry - degree expertise necessary to enter into and excel within the automotive service and restore business .
As the vehicle ages and takes on more mileage , that ’s the time to start looking at a brand new kind of motor oil .
They arrive in each sizes and most people take electric motors with no consideration , but after they began to energy our cars and scientists mentioned EVs are the important thing for future inexperienced transportation , these rotating wonders started to regain consideration for some potential enhancements .
This second time , Alex went above and beyond with the insurance coverage AND helped put the automobile seats in and properly set up them .
Not many individuals get to name speaking about motorcycles and riding what they do for work .
We offer low tuition fees and a low student - faculty ratio to make sure all students take pleasure in alternatives to study directly from our instructors .
Plus , it helps improve fuel efficiency and might even enhance a car ’s horsepower by lowering engine drag .
Each has their professionals and cons , making it ’s onerous to point which one is one of the best car insurance coverage company out there .
All About Auto Wholesale focuses on selling inexpensive pre-owned luxury vehicles .
Z Automobiles makes the bike powered Mini , some of the “ gotta have ” automobiles around as well as the Tiger .
The scale of a subcompact automobile is defined by the United States Environmental Safety Company ( EPA ) , as having a mixed inside and cargo quantity of between eighty five - 99 cubic toes ( 2,410 - 2,800Â L ) .
5
Because the EPA ’s smaller minicompact class is n’t as generally utilized by most people , A - section cars are generally known as subcompacts in the United States .
Equally , a Belgian examine estimated that having just 10 % extra motorcycles on the highway might reduce common …
Read the rest
Sometimes our Love and Faith in God is like in the Anecdote above .
We say we love Him and have full faith , but at the same time we ’re so easily distracted from this Love & Faith !
Reminds me of this verse in the Quran :
Your Lord is He Who speeds the ships for you in the sea that you may seek of His grace ; surely He is ever Merciful to you .
And when distress afflicts you in the sea , away go those whom you call on except He ; but when He brings you safe to the land , you turn aside ; and man is ever ungrateful .
( Quran 17:66 -67 )
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
Kaki is the Japanese word for oyster .
It is also called “ umi no miruku ( milk from the ocean ) ” , named as such because of the high nutritional value of oysters .
They are in season from fall to winter , so let ’s get fresh oysters and make this recipe !
Yield : 18 oysters Time : 30 minutes Ingredients 18 oysters
1 egg ( beaten )
1 cup panko ( or breadcrumbs )
1/4 cup flour
1/2 lemon Spices 3 tbsp Japanese mayonnaise , such as Kewpie , or tartar sauce
, or tartar sauce 1 tsp olive oil Preparation Blanch oysters in boiling water for 8 seconds , and remove Cover oyster with flour , dredge in egg , and cover with panko .
Heat oil to 375 degrees and fry oysters until golden brown ( 2 - 3 mins ) Remove and serve with lemon and mayonnaise or tartar sauce
For tartar sauce , use store bought sauce or use the recipe from Shrimp Fry.
JapanFoodAddict.com : Seafood
Lib Dems ' secret plan for high street cannabis cafes
' Worrying ' : According to the Tories , the Lib Dems are planning cannabis coffee shops
Cannabis cafes would be permitted under secret Liberal Democrat plans .
A leaked policy document calls for the decriminalisation of the drug in an approach even more radical than Amsterdam’s .
The paper also suggests allowing possession of cannabis , social supply to adults and cultivation of the plants for personal use .
It follows an internal party vote that commits the Lib Dems to making it ‘ no longer a crime for the occupier or manager of premises to permit someone to use cannabis on those premises ’ .
The party ’s constitution binds its leaders – in power – to implement votes carried at annual conferences .
The Tories , who unearthed the policy document , said the policy would go further than the Dutch model of turning a blind eye to ‘ cannabis coffee shops ’ .
Cafe owners could allow customers to smoke the drug outside or buy ‘ hash brownies ’ and vaporised cannabis .
Chris Grayling , Tory Shadow Home Secretary , said : ‘ Lib Dem policy on drugs is deeply worrying .
‘ When you look at the detail of what they want to do it ’s quite clear that they want to be soft on crime and want to sign up to more and more powers from Brussels .
‘ I have spoken to countless people whose lives have been wrecked by hard drugs . ’
Nick Clegg has also come under fire for suggesting heroin and other drugs should made legally available .
The Liberal Democrat leader claimed that criminalising drug use was restricting ‘ individual freedom and civil liberties ’ – and argued that drug offences should not lead to jail .
While serving as an MEP , Mr Clegg complained it was unfair that drug users were being pushed to the fringes of society .
He said heroin – currently a Class A substance – should be made available to addicts under medical supervision .
He signed a motion calling on EU member states ‘ to take measures to make the fight against organised crime and trafficking in narcotics and psychotropic substances more effective , by establishing a system of legal control and regulation of production , sale and use of currently illegal substances ’ .
Last night , a Lib Dem spokesman said : ‘ We will always base drugs policy on the independent scientific advice of experts . ’
The Liberal Democrats are on course to see their number of MPs soar at Labour 's expense , a poll revealed yesterday .
The ICM / Guardian poll shows the party 's vote is increasing more strongly in Labour - held marginal seats than in Conservative ones .
They could end the election with 80 MPs - the most since 1923 .
The small sedan slowed as it approached the U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint on a deserted section of Interstate 8 east of Yuma .
The car contained three middle - age women on their way back to the Valley after a planning retreat in San Diego .
The past three days had been idyllic and productive as the women lounged on the beach , making art and chatting over ideas for the future of their ceramics business .
The self - described hippies had taken marijuana to the beach and were returning with some of it in the car .
One of them , Mary ( like others quoted in this article , she agreed to talk about her experience only if New Times used a pseudonym ) was unapologetic .
" I would never quit .
I like my life , you know ? " the 56 - year - old says later of her pot use .
" None of us drink .
We 're leftover people from the '60s and ' 70s . "
Mary , the oldest of the group , was driving .
She did n't sweat the traffic stop as her car rolled up .
She 'd been through this same movable checkpoint along the stretch of I - 8 East before and had never had a problem .
This time , something was different .
She noticed that the checkpoint seemed better staffed than usual .
One green - shirted agent manned a small , white booth while others milled about near tents , office - trailers , and patrol cars .
Another agent walked a dog , which held its snout high as it sniffed along a line of slowing vehicles .
As Mary 's sedan neared , the dog tensed as if it had seen a rabbit , straining at its leash and jerking its human handler forward .
Mary was told to park her car under a large canopy to the right of the road .
An agent walked up to the driver 's - side window and asked her if she would consent to a search of the vehicle .
" This was pretty intimidating , " she recalls .
" They had guns and were wearing fatigues .
We 're three little ladies from Phoenix who are calm , peaceful people . "
The women were asked to step out and stand a few feet away as the dog trounced through the car .
A moment later , one of the agents confronted the group .
" Well , you obviously do n't have any illegal immigrants in the car , " he said .
" My dog signaled for marijuana .
Does anyone want to say anything ? "
The women said nothing , but the agents soon found about a half - ounce of pot and a small wooden pipe .
The women were made to sit in a holding cell in one of the Border Patrol trailers .
" I was , like , ' Come on .
I 'm a grandma , ' " says Mary .
But the agents showed no reaction to her plea .
Mary took the blame for the pot and paraphernalia because she says it was " critical " that her business partners have no arrest record .
An agent handed Mary , who had never before been busted for anything harsher than a traffic violation , a citation listing two charges : possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia .
For additional photos from the border check points near Yuma , check out the slide show : Pot Shots
Stories like Mary 's used to be rare , compared to what 's going on at the Border Patrol 's two Yuma Sector checkpoints nowadays .
In the past , small - time drug users were busted occasionally .
The Border Patrol has used dogs at its checkpoints for at least two decades , mainly for the purpose of detecting human cargo .
But until a few years ago , it employed far fewer than it does now , which meant dogs were not routinely placed at the checkpoints near Yuma .
Also , the checkpoints were often closed because fewer agents were available to staff them .
Since late 2005 , though , the number of Yuma Sector agents has risen 55 percent — to about 850 agents , up from 550 , as of January .
Augmenting those agents are hundreds of National Guard soldiers who are part of a 6,000 - troop border - protection plan called Operation Jump Start , ordered by President Bush in mid-2006 .
The number of K9 dogs also has increased , to more than 30 , up from four in 1999 .
The animals are trained to sniff out hidden human beings , marijuana , cocaine , methamphetamine , heroin , and meth - related drugs such as Ecstasy .
The beefed - up resources and the addition of more than 50 miles of fencing along the border south of the Yuma area have slowed illegal immigration in the sector to a trickle compared with what it was just two years ago .
These days , the checkpoints on eastbound Interstate 8 and northbound Arizona 95 near Yuma ( a passageway to the I - 10 and I - 40 corridors linking Arizona and California ) are open 24 hours a day .
And with the addition of seven times more K9 dogs , they have become the biggest weed traps in the country .
Strictly in terms of quantity , other checkpoints catch more dope .
The Border Patrol is allowed to set up roadblocks as far as 100 miles from any national border , and it operates 33 permanent and numerous other " tactical " or movable checkpoints on the Mexican and Canadian frontiers .
In the Southwest , checkpoints are typically found on California 's north - south I - 5 , numerous small highways near Mexico , such as Arizona 's Highway 86 , and along I - 10 between Tucson and El Paso , Texas .
The Border Patrol sometimes puts up movable checkpoints on I - 10 between Phoenix and Los Angeles , but it 's rare to encounter one .
Drug - sniffing dogs at some of the checkpoints , especially the ones south of Tucson and through Texas , find literally tons of marijuana being smuggled from Mexico .
But the Border Patrol and other law enforcement officials in the Southwest report that no checkpoints in the United States bust as many small - time marijuana users as the ones near Yuma , on I - 8 and Arizona 95 .
The past three years have seen an explosion of such cases .
In just 11 months last year , the two checkpoints nabbed more than 1,200 people for possession of marijuana — and usually for smaller amounts than what Mary carried .
The majority of the busts occurred at the checkpoint along eastbound I - 8 , the freeway that carries vacationers between Arizona and San Diego .
Consequences are toughest for people caught with hard drugs .
Possession of such drugs as meth , cocaine , or heroin will result in a long drive to the county jail in Yuma .
But even for personal amounts of marijuana , citations are issued that can result in fines and big hassles .
The I - 8 checkpoint garnered national attention in January after rapper Lil Wayne was arrested there .
He was charged with carrying marijuana , cocaine , Ecstasy , and a handgun .
He pleaded not guilty last month .
Few would argue that big dope smugglers or those carrying an arsenal of hard drugs should n't feel the pinch of the law .
If it were n't for the trained dogs , smugglers could run thousands of pounds of drugs through the Yuma Sector checkpoints .
But the vast majority of people getting busted at checkpoints in Arizona near Yuma are n't smugglers or illegal immigrants .
They are n't even big - shot partiers like Lil Wayne .
They 're just average people who happen to be carrying a smidgen of marijuana in their vehicles .
They might never be caught if it were n't for an exception granted the Border Patrol to set up roadblocks with trained dogs .
All the Border Patrol checkpoints , not just the ones near Yuma , take advantage of special powers that experts say contradict normal constitutional search - and - seizure rules .
So many marijuana users have been caught that , last year , Yuma officials had to streamline the legal process .
In a program unique to the Yuma Sector , Border Patrol agents were given the authority to write citations in low - quantity marijuana cases as though they were deputies working for the Yuma County Sheriff 's Office .
The program even was anointed with a catchy federal handle : Operation Citation .
The deputizing of the federal agents means it 's easier than ever to get busted .
And the program reflects how busting minor pot users is what the agents working at the checkpoints — whose primary mission is supposed to be stopping illegal human trafficking — spend much of their time doing .
A review of 1,052 of the citations issued last year showed that more than 40 percent were issued to Arizonans , presumably on their way back from California .
Of those , Phoenix and Tucson residents made up the majority .
The rest were split among Californians , 44 percent , and people from other states .
A handful of those cited listed hometowns in other countries , including Mexico , Spain , England , and Austria .
Most were cited for possessing just a few grams of marijuana , or a pipe containing marijuana residue .
( A gram is about the weight of a large paper clip ) .
If there 's more than one person in the vehicle and no one admits ownership of the marijuana , Border Patrol policy dictates that the citation goes to the driver .
It 's not just the number of dogs that makes the Yuma checkpoints so different .
Border Patrol checkpoints just a few miles away near El Centro , California , including a new one on westbound I - 8 , also use dogs .
But marijuana laws are far more lax in California , resulting in far fewer citations and much - less - serious legal problems .
In the unlikely event that you do get busted on your way to San Diego for a small amount of marijuana at the California - side I - 8 checkpoint west of the state line , you will be hit with nothing more than a $ 100 fine .
In California , possession of an ounce or less of pot is not even prosecuted as a misdemeanor , it 's a base - level " infraction . "
But you 'd better not risk bringing even a tiny amount of pot back from the beach — because nothing demonstrates how differently marijuana possession is viewed officially by California compared to Arizona than the checkpoint busts this side of Yuma .
Arizona has the stiffest marijuana laws in the country .
Possession of any amount or of any kind of drug paraphernalia ( even a small pipe ) is technically a felony .
Technically , because charges against small - time users are knocked down to misdemeanors in Yuma County and in other Arizona counties , including Maricopa .
Leniency is one reason — marijuana is n't considered as dangerous as other drugs .
But it 's also true that , if prosecuted as felonies , the sheer number of marijuana cases would overwhelm local court systems .
Still , a misdemeanor conviction for pot means that you must pay hundreds of dollars in fines in Arizona .
And , it 's not uncommon for defendants to fork over thousands of dollars in attorney fees trying to avoid a conviction — which , for some , means loss of a job or disqualification for federal financial aid .
The Border Patrol is unapologetic about its right turn toward busting hordes of minor drug offenders at the Yuma - area checkpoints .
In fact , Jeremy Schappell , spokesman for the Yuma Sector , brags that the agency practices zero tolerance when it comes to any amount of illegal substances or paraphernalia .
" If we get just a pipe , they are getting written up , " Schappell says .
" If it 's a seed , they are getting written up . "
Using drug - sniffing dogs at checkpoints to catch small - time marijuana users probably seems like a smart idea to Americans who view drug use as morally unacceptable .
However , keeping in mind the Fourth Amendment 's prohibition against unreasonable searches and seizures , judges have traditionally taken a dim view of such " suspicion - less " stops and searches of vehicles .
After first taking office in 1993 , Sheriff Joe Arpaio , a former DEA agent , proposed staking out main roads in and out of Maricopa County with checkpoints .
Then - County Attorney Rick Romley put the kibosh on Arpaio 's idea , saying it was unconstitutional .
In 2000 , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down another drug checkpoint proposal in Indianapolis vs. Edmond .
In the landmark case , Indianapolis police set up roadblocks staffed by dogs and their handlers , ultimately busting about 50 people with drugs .
The Supreme Court had , in the past , found two major exceptions to its general disapproval of police checkpoints .
In 1990 's Michigan Dept. of State Police vs. Sitz , the High Court allowed DUI checkpoints .
And in 1976 's United States vs. Martinez - Fuerte , it gave the Border Patrol the right to set up checkpoints that seek to uncover illegal immigrants — with the secondary purpose of finding drugs .
" We have never approved a checkpoint program whose primary purpose was to detect evidence of ordinary criminal wrongdoing , " the Supreme Court majority wrote in the Indiana case .
" The [ Indianapolis ] checkpoints violate the Fourth Amendment . "
The notion of a checkpoint where police can pull over every single vehicle and search it chills many Americans .
Justice Clarence Thomas , no beacon of liberal thought , made that clear in his dissenting opinion in the 2000 case .
Though Thomas felt compelled to side with the Indianapolis police because of court precedents , he challenged the basis of the precedents strongly .
" I am not convinced that Sitz and Martinez - Fuerte were correctly decided , " Thomas wrote .
" Indeed , I rather doubt that the framers of the Fourth Amendment would have considered ' reasonable ' a program of indiscriminate stops of individuals not suspected of wrongdoing . "
The new agreement with Yuma County blurs the distinction between drug and immigration checkpoints .
The Yuma County Sheriff 's Office , like all other law enforcement agencies in the country , cannot legally operate a K9 checkpoint .
But in Yuma County , Border Patrol agents are deputized to write local - jurisdiction citations — an end run around long - standing constitutional protections against stopping motorists without probable cause .
The Border Patrol takes pains to explain that it 's running immigration checkpoints , with the secondary mission of detecting illegal drugs , just as the Supreme Court 's legal interpretation allows .
Graham Boyd , director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's Drug Law Reform Project in Santa Cruz , California , says the procedures at the Yuma checkpoints are a good example of how increased police powers for one purpose often end up being used for another .
The supposed need for an immigration checkpoint is " thin justification " for busting every drug user passing through , he insists .
" Even if somebody has no sympathy for a marijuana user , " Boyd says , " you should still be concerned that the U.S. government is saying the border is an area where the U.S. Constitution is suspended . "
On a recent winter day at the I - 8 East checkpoint , two skinny young Hispanic women are led away in handcuffs .
A Department of Public Safety Officer helps them into his patrol car for a trip to the Yuma County Jail .
A checkpoint dog found meth in the women 's car .
The dogs working the checkpoint that day were Belgian Malinoises , though the agency also uses German shepherds , Labradors , and other breeds .
They 're kept fit and trim — so lean , in fact , that motorists often urge the agents to feed them more .
It takes about six weeks to train the dogs to sniff out drugs and people , then another six weeks to train their handlers , says Wes Burch , the Yuma Sector 's K9 coordinator .
To the animals , the work is a fun game of hide and seek .
Sometimes , they can smell drugs from dozens of feet away as they walk along the queue of slowly rolling vehicles .
A dog's body posture changes if it catches a whiff of drugs , becoming more rigid and focused .
Its breathing quickens .
After the vehicle is emptied of visible occupants , the dog is nearly infallible at finding drugs or people hidden inside .
If drugs do n't turn up , it does n't mean they were n't there earlier .
A Border Patrol K9's sense of smell is so acute , agents say , that it can tell if someone smoked marijuana in or near a vehicle days before the checkpoint stop .
When they find drugs , the dogs are rewarded with a small burlap toy for a few moments .
The animals seem to love their job , eagerly sniffing within inches of vehicles , putting their paws on truck bumpers , and scanning the air with their snouts .
These days , there are enough trained canines to allow for rotating shifts .
Still , the job is fairly intense for the dogs .
They can focus on their work for only 15 or 20 minutes at a time before needing a break ; their sense of smell is diminished when they become overheated .
Despite the boost in dog teams that has led to increased drug busts , it 's possible to pass through the checkpoints without ever seeing a dog .
At least three dogs are working on the day New Times visits the I - 8 East checkpoint , but the animals rest more than half of the time .
Even when the dogs are ready , sometimes the line of vehicles becomes too long and has to be " flushed , " as the agents put it .
All but the most suspicious autos are waved through quickly .
Otherwise , commerce and the free flow of traffic on the highway would be disrupted , agents say .
One K9 handler walks far down the shoulder of I - 8 , using his dog to sniff out small bags of drugs and paraphernalia often discarded by approaching drivers or passengers .
He finds nothing on this day , but it 's common to find such contraband near the checkpoint , says Schappell , the federal agency 's Yuma spokesman .
Schappell wonders why a Border Patrol sign announcing the checkpoint about a mile up the road does n't warn all drug users to dump their stashes .
But he fails to realize that most people have no idea their vehicles are about to be sniffed by a dog , with major consequences if the animal smells anything alarming .
The I - 8 East checkpoint does have a sign declaring , " Working Dogs Ahead . "
But it 's next to the checkpoint booth and the dogs , making it useless as a warning .
A lean , gray Belgian Malinois suddenly appears happier , its attention focused on a gold Chrysler 300 .
It tugs firmly at its short , leather leash , and its handler motions to another agent , who asks the 20 - something driver to pull over beneath a shade tent .
The young man sits on a folding chair for a few minutes , looking nervous .
As the Malinois bounces through his car , he leans forward with his head in his hands .
But the dog finds nothing , and driver is released .
As far as the agents are concerned , a K9 is never wrong :
The man must have had drugs in or around his car recently that left enough lingering molecules to alert the dog .
To Yuma County , the Border Patrol 's dogs look more like geese — as in the ones laying golden eggs .
They 've brought in hundreds of thousands of dollars in the past few years .
Until a change was made last fall , fines ranged between $ 750 and $ 1,400 for the small - time marijuana violators picked up at the checkpoints .
Now , fines usually run $ 400 — but that still works out to be a lot of money considering there have been more than a thousand cases a year .
And considering that federal agents and their dogs do most of the work .
Yuma County officials insist it 's not about the money .
They say it 's a black - and - white issue .
Marijuana is illegal .
" It 's the law , and we like enforcing the law , " says Roger Nelson , chief deputy Yuma County attorney for criminal matters .
" We 're not going to apologize for it , and we do n't think there 's anything wrong with having drug - sniffing dogs at an immigration checkpoint . "
Though the Border Patrol is a federal agency that 's using its resources to do the work of Yuma County authorities , Schappell says it " ca n't turn a blind eye " to the casual users picked up because of the extra dogs .
The issue of whether the federal Border Patrol officers near Yuma should be busting small - time drug offenders is a subject made raw over the recent death of a comrade .
In mid-January , Agent Luis Aguilar was run over in the sand dunes west of Yuma by a Mexican national driving a Hummer loaded with drugs .
" My opinion is that the grandma coming through with the ounce of marijuana — how she got the marijuana is from the Hummer that ran over Luis Aguilar , " Schappell says .
The Yuma Sector 's spokesman finds it ironic that media focused far more on the January 22 arrest of entertainer Lil Wayne , which happened two days before a memorial service was held for Aguilar .
Media calls poured in from all over the world about the rapper , but reporters were n't very interested in the dead agent .
Lil Wayne , whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. , was riding in an RV with 11 friends when a dog targeted his vehicle at the I - 8 East checkpoint .
A subsequent search turned up about a quarter - pound of pot , an ounce of cocaine , 41 grams of Ecstasy , and a handgun .
Interest in what happened to Lil Wayne has been running so high that the Yuma Superior Court plans to air live coverage of his upcoming trial ( no date for which has been announced ) on its Web site .
Another big catch apparently flew under the media 's radar : Officials say that in 2006 , a dog at the I - 8 East checkpoint hit on the tour bus of the Crosby , Stills and Nash band , resulting in an arrest for hashish .
It was n't one of the famous musicians who got nabbed , but a member of their entourage .
Interestingly ( because it would make sense to rationalize the huge number of minor drug arrests as a means of keeping impaired motorists off the highway ) , none of the marijuana users cited at the Yuma Sector checkpoints was busted for driving under the influence .
The Border Patrol 's heightened checkpoint activity played a big role in boosting the number of misdemeanor cases handled by the Yuma County Attorney 's office from 980 in 2000 to more than 1,500 by 2005 .
Then it really got busy .
Nelson says his office prosecuted more than 2,500 misdemeanors last year .
And that 's despite the fact that county attorneys routinely dismiss as many as 20 percent of the marijuana cases as too legally tenuous to bother with .
Not surprisingly , Nelson says it was his office that recommended the partnership between the Border Patrol and the Yuma County Sheriff 's Office , which led to the current arrangement of having the federal agents write Arizona tickets .
Before Operation Citation , the Border Patrol agents would make a seizure , then forward the motorist 's name to the county attorney 's office .
Nelson says prosecutors would be forced to send a registered letter to each defendant at the cost of $ 5 or $ 6 each .
And sheriff 's deputies routinely had to schlep out to the Border Patrol stations to pick up the contraband for evidence , then write a slew of citations .
Now , county officers are no longer faced with the dilemma of either doing all that work or ignoring the fine - producing cases .
As for the people busted at the checkpoints who talked to New Times , they are angry that an immigration - enforcement agency caught them in its lair .
They believe it 's only natural that they had no idea they would be detained , because they were n't carrying a secret cargo of illegal aliens .
" I do n't mean to be a conspiracy theory person , but you have to wonder if we are heading for the same things the Germans went through , " says Mary , the pot -smoking grandmother .
" It 's only a matter of time before we see [ checkpoints ] on I - 17 and every other major highway . "
" It definitely did n't feel American , " a member of a small Texas rock band says about the I - 8 East checkpoint , after receiving a citation in June .
" Our civil liberties are kind of slowly corroding away . "
Normally , a police officer is allowed to pull over a motorist only if a traffic violation ( anything from erratic driving to a busted tail light ) is observed .
Then , the officer has probable cause to , say , shine a flashlight into the car to look for illicit drugs .
Though there was no such probable cause in the Yuma County pot cases , the Border Patrol is exempted from that requirement by the Supreme Court , as noted earlier in this story .
The busted motorists whom New Times interviewed were particularly chagrined that a dog wound up leading officers to the pot they had stashed in their luggage .
" We were stupefied by the whole thing , " says a 39 - year - old Colorado mother of two teenagers charged with possessing about four grams of marijuana .
She 'd been on a road trip with a friend from Texas to San Diego , and they 'd stopped in Tucson to visit a mutual friend , who gave them the pot .
A highway accident temporarily closed I - 8 East , diverting traffic north from Yuma onto Highway 95 — right into the northbound checkpoint where a Border Patrol dog was waiting for them .
" We thought we were going to be thrown in prison or jail or something , " she says .
" It was one of the scariest things I 've ever been through . "
She later paid $ 1,600 for an attorney ( to avoid having to fly back to Yuma for a court date ) and a $ 400 fine .
In cases like that of the Colorado woman , leniency figured into the equation , according to Yuma County prosecutors .
Nelson , the chief deputy county attorney for criminal matters , says his office prosecutes minor marijuana cases as misdemeanors to provide " the lenience that we believe these crimes deserve . "
Truth is , Yuma County 's courts would be swamped if each small - time pot case were handled as the felony that state law declares it , says Lil Wayne 's Yuma attorney , James Tilson .
The county , like most others in the state these days , is under a major budget crunch .
So , there 's a practical reason for dealing with people caught with small amounts of marijuana quickly and efficiently .
Doing it otherwise , simply does n't pencil out .
More arrestees would take felony cases to trial .
Even with plea agreements , such cases take a lot more time , money , and effort to prosecute .
On both the financial and human level , " increasing the amount of work you have does n't make sense if it's not a serious crime , " Tilson says .
Unfortunately for those caught on the Arizona side of the state line , a misdemeanor still packs a punch .
Besides a fine , it also requires defendants or their lawyers to appear in court , which can get expensive .
Mary , the Phoenix grandma , negotiated a deal in which her misdemeanor charge was dropped in lieu of a $ 1,200 drug - treatment class .
She paid a lawyer $ 3,500 to help make the deal .
The Texas musician paid a lawyer $ 3,500 just to see a $ 738 fine dropped to $ 400 .
Under the current system , an innocent person could easily end up with a ticket just because a pot user left a surprise in the car .
That 's what happened to " Joe , " a 48 - year - old Peoria man who drove his wife 's car through the checkpoint on his way back from a job in Yuma .
Joe 's not a pot smoker and says he fully supports the Border Patrol 's mission .
" My daughter , who 's in her 20s , forgot to take her goodies out " of the car , Joe says .
After a dog gave an alert , agents found two used pot pipes in the trunk .
Rather than place the blame on his daughter , he paid $ 1,600 in fines , and was embarrassed recently when the arrest showed up in a background check while he was trying to rent a house .
He was allowed to move in , but lamented of his new rap sheet : " It just sucks .
Period . "
The worst part , Joe says , is that he could be fired if his boss ever found out about the conviction .
Ryan Childers , a criminal defense attorney who worked as a prosecutor for Imperial County , California , from 2004 to 2006 , was surprised to hear how many checkpoint - related drug cases Yuma County handles .
" What a waste of resources ! " the El Centro lawyer says .
In California , Childers explains , possession of an ounce or less of marijuana rates only a $ 100 fine and is considered a minor infraction rather than a misdemeanor .
And forget the rhetoric heard in Arizona that violators would be prosecuted even " if it 's a seed . "
This state 's more liberal neighbor requires a " smokable amount " to prosecute the infraction , Childers says .
The law against marijuana paraphernalia in California is so lax that Border Patrol agents in the state who find a pipe or a bong in a checkpoint search can't do anything other than confiscate it , Childers says .
There 's no checkpoint along the westbound lanes of I - 8 in Arizona , but three months ago , the Border Patrol opened a checkpoint on westbound I - 8 just east of El Centro .
The agency 's El Centro Sector also operates permanent checkpoints on California highways 86 and 111 .
Minuscule amounts of marijuana are mostly seen as a waste of time for law enforcement , says Lieutenant George Moreno of the Imperial County Sheriff 's Office .
A sheriff 's deputy or a California Highway Patrol officer is obliged to drive out to the El Centro - area checkpoint if a case is to be made .
Moreno says California law disallows detentions of more than 30 minutes for infractions .
So if the amount of pot is just a few grams and no deputy is near the checkpoint , the sheriff 's office does n't send anybody out .
" The Border Patrol knows that we do n't have the staffing levels , so they [ usually ] just let the person go and they destroy the evidence , " he says .
And because California 's medical - marijuana law is liberal , if such marijuana users show the correct paperwork to the Border Patrol after getting stopped , their pot is seized and they 're sent on their way , Moreno says .
In the Yuma Sector , low - level busts of people with marijuana are staving off boredom for Border Patrol agents .
Spokesman Schappell talks almost wistfully of the days when the sector was hopping with illegal immigrants .
Now , agents do n't spend much time chasing down border crossers and hauling in big loads of drugs , he admits .
On a sunny February day , Schappell cruises a sandy road on the northern side of the imposing security fence that runs from San Luis to just past the distant Tinajas Altas Mountains on the horizon .
Not a footprint can be seen for miles in the soft earth .
" Anybody who says a fence does n't work , I say , ' Come to Yuma , ' " Schappell says .
The number of Border Patrol agents nationally stands at more than 15,000 and is expected to grow to 18,000 by the end of the year .
The push toward greater enforcement against illegal immigrants is gaining momentum , and agents from Texas to California insist that checkpoints are a crucial part of the system .
Checkpoints running north from Tucson and ports of entry in New Mexico and Texas caught the bulk of the nearly 2 million pounds of marijuana , seven tons of cocaine , and sizable loads of other drugs seized by the Border Patrol last year .
In the Yuma Sector , though , the agency 's mission has changed with time .
Now , it 's the small - time drug offender feeling the most heat , and the illegal immigrants and smugglers — who are far more aware of the checkpoints than the average American citizen — are going elsewhere .
The Border Patrol attributes this to the addition of the 300 new Yuma Sector agents in three years and to the new fence along the non-mountainous parts of the sector 's 125 - mile southern border .
The drop in apprehensions has been the Border Patrol 's biggest success story .
In 2006 , Yuma Sector agents caught 118,000 people trying to gain entry into the United States from Mexico .
But last year , only 39,000 people were apprehended in the sector .
Rock - throwing by Mexicans south of the border has become more common — agents believe it's a sign of frustration with the new situation .
Still , most Yuma - area Border Patrol agents are now watching over a relatively quiet border .
Most of the action takes place at the checkpoints , where agents busy themselves busting the likes of pot-smoking grandmas and musicians .
Many of the busted marijuana users interviewed by New Times wondered whether Border Patrol agents had too much time on their hands , considering that agents expend so much effort to catch people carrying mostly minuscule amounts of pot .
Others wondered whether Operation Citation was just a clever way to pour money into the Yuma County coffers .
" It 's like a toll booth , " says a New Mexico man busted for marijuana possession last year at the I - 8 checkpoint with his two sons , in their 20s .
Whatever the frustrations of motorists who like to imbibe in a little pot , drug - sniffing dogs at the Yuma - area checkpoints are here to stay .
Lloyd Easterling , an assistant chief at the Border Patrol 's Washington headquarters , says the agency is proud of the Yuma Sector 's ongoing effort to nail drug violators .
" Whether it 's small - time offenders or much - larger - time smugglers , those drugs are still coming in and out of the neighborhoods , " Easterling says .
" At some point , the likelihood is that they came across the border . "
In Arizona , a misdemeanor conviction for pot means hundreds of dollars in fines .
It 's not uncommon for defendants to fork over thousands of dollars in attorney fees trying to keep from getting a drug record .
Nothing shows how differently small - time pot possession is viewed in California compared to Arizona than the checkpoint busts this side of the state line .
Such Border Patrol busts are rarely pursued by California authorities .
When they are , only a small fine is levied .
Of 1,052 people cited for small amounts of marijuana last year at the checkpoints near Yuma , 40 percent were Arizonans , presumably on their way back from California .
Of these , most were from the Valley .
As we might have mentioned just a couple of times , TopGear chased an Aston One - 77 all the way from London to Silverstone last week .
What we might have neglected to mention before is … this .
Once we arrived at Silverstone , we cleverly affixed a camera to the windscreen of said One - 77 with superglue and chewing gum , and convinced Aston ’s chief engineer Chris Porritt to set off on a couple of gentle maps of the new Grand Prix circuit .
Just so you can learn your way round ahead of the British GP on July 11 .
It ’s a gently paced sighter lap , we confess , but that ’s good news ( and not just for our insurance - people ) : more time to get to grips with the new complex , and more time to listen to that glorious 7.3 - litre V12 warbling its way round Silverstone .
Click the video below … and make sure you ’ve got your speakers turned up .
Sam Philip
REVIEWS & QUOTES
“ Powerful , cogent , an absorbing piece of investigative journalism . ”
Wesley Morris , The Boston Globe
“ Even - handed , decide - for - yourself documentary . ”
Antonia Zerbias , Toronto Star
“ Fortunately , unlike so many similarly politically themed documentaries , the film makes its case with substantial intelligence and conviction . "
Frank Scheck , Hollywood Reporter
“ Taut , well - balanced , insightful ... A probing look into Haiti 's contentious modern history . ”
Laura Kern , The New York Times
“ This film makes a strong statement and brings to light important reportage with a straightforward yet persuasive style . ”
Eric Monder , Film Journal International
“ Informative and enraging film .
Highly recommended for anyone interested in the fate of the world 's downtrodden . "
Gregg Rickman , San Fransisco Weekly
“ File this doc under extremely informative ... casts fascinating light on the country 's troubled past ... filled with haunting footage ... ”
Cheryl Eddy , San Fransisco Bay Guardian
“ A tremendous learning experience for all who want to gain a well balanced understanding of the issues unfolding in Haiti ... highly recommend [ed ] film ... ”
Michael J. Coffta , Educational Media Reviews Online
“ Well photographed film ... Facts and events are depicted with intelligence and integrity . ”
Haiti Observateur
“ Nicolas Rossier 's well - researched documentary draws its own definite conclusions ... leaves the dispiriting impression that democracy simply will not be tolerated in the Southern Hemisphere . "
Ken Fox , TV Guide
“ Bound to stir local passions ... a lightning rod for Montreal 's second - largest immigrant community . "
Jeff Heinrich , The Gazette
“ A damning doc ... that took the time to uncover the long - suppressed ugly underbelly of the story , we have a better understanding of the series of tragic events which led to the toppling of Aristide ’s government . "
Kam Williams , Caribo World Radio
“ An excellent documentary that should be seen by those wanting a better understanding of contemporary Haitian politics . "
Tim Pelzer , People ’s Weekly World
” Well - made , balanced review of recent events set in a historic political context . "
Wanda Sabir , San Fransisco Bay View
“ Gives significant time to the disloyal opposition . ”
Joshua Land , Village Voice
“ Powerful revisiting of the Haitian Crisis . ”
Cecile Lepage , L’Express Pacifique
“ By far the most compelling voices are those of the impoverished Haitian people . ”
Raven Snook , Time Out NY
“ Ingenius , beyond the forest of the mainstream . ”
Jooneed Khan , La Presse
“ A must see ... presents a more balanced account of the events leading to Aristide ’s ouster that is hardly ever presented to the world . ”
Desiree Addison , Hardbeat News
“ A window into our country 's right - wing attitudes about emerging democracies , the film is particularly timely .
One has only to look at our administration 's foreign policy goals with regard to Iraq and Venezuela to get a sense of déjà vu . "
Jeff Meyers , Metro Times
“ Vital ... illustrates that American rhetoric does n't always match American action ... ”
Robert Koehler , Variety
“ Rossier does give voice to his opposition in Haiti and in the current Bush administration ... anyone seeking a real counterpoint to Rossier 's film is directed to Jonathan Demme 's 2004 documentary The Agronomist . ”
Terry Lawson , Detroit Free Press
“ Rossier makes some effort to address allegations by his opponents of corruption and even political murder by Aristide 's forces . ”
Marc Mohan , The Oregonian
“ A must see , not singularly because it details and contextualizes the nation of Haiti and its international condition , but because it is so rare for a film to exhibit such a sense of responsibility towards it 's audience and its subject .
” Sara Schieron , Filmshi.com
“ Rossier ’s main purpose in the film is to challenge the conventional wisdom and to argue that Aristide ’s departure was anything but voluntary ... reminds us that it would be more seemly if Western governments ( a ) supported democracy consistently , regardless of who got elected , or ( b ) just did n’t support it at all . "
Kevin O'Donovan , Cinekkleisa
" Aristide emerges as an effect of the larger problems that plague Haiti ... a prism through which to glimpse the horrifying contradictions and turbulences that suffuse Haitian society . "
Chadwick Jenkins , POPMatters
" Rossier ’s film touches a nerve in this highly charged season of abusive power ... The film offers both sides .
On the side that opposes Aristide ’s government , Rossier presents several voices ... "
Zach Kincaid , The Matthew House Project
“ Compelling , intriguing , and well - balanced ! ”
Avi Offer , NYC Guru
“ Many of the titles at this year ’s VIFF can broaden our understanding of the world , and of other realities .
Few , however , will match Aristide in calling forth urgent political action . "
Derrick O'Keefe , Seven Oaks Magazine
" Should be added to the list of required films ( along with Hearts & Minds , The Education of Little Tree , Black Robe , Slaughterhouse 5 , Paths of Glory , Kingdom of Heaven , and The Battle of Algiers ) in every high school in the western world ” .
Jack Random , Buzzle.com
“ A very professionally made and credible documentary .
Stunning images and , above all , honesty ”
Maxim
“ Challenges the viewer to think of Haiti as a very complicated scenario ... a highly polarized issue . ”
Robert Maguire , Professor Trinity University , Head of the Haiti Porgram
" Portrays a recent Haiti that is unpleasant and tortuous ... shows some important actors in the recent political saga , from both the left and the right , and makes it possible for the general viewing public to hear them and even relive the 2004 events . "
Hyppolite Pierre , Amnesty International Country Specialist
Author of Haiti , Rising Flames from Burning Ashes
“ What a good film .
I saw it twice , and showed it to friends in Haiti ... a great tool . ”
Paul Farmer , founder of Partners in Health
Author of The Uses of Haiti
“ One of the most educational films I have ever seen about Haiti 's political reality and the forces that bear on it . ”
Guy S. Antoine , founder of Windows on Haiti
“ Informative and very moving .
An excellent film about the sad recent political history of Haiti that not only provides a rich , well - detailed context for understanding the rise and fall and rise and fall of Aristide but also offers a provocative meditation of the role of outside , especially American , forces and interests in his tumultuous career . ”
Richard Peña , program director , Film Society of Lincoln Center
“ This film deserves to be seen by Haitians .
We do n’t have many weapons to denounce the daily atrocities that my people have been victim of and your film seems to be exactly what we need today . ”
Nadine Dominique , Haitian activist ( daughter of the late Jean Dominique )
“ Endlessly important film .
At last a clear and authentic picture of Aristide 's character and record . ”
Albert Maysles , filmmaker
“ Powerful documentary ... I learned so much from the film . ”
Kristine Samuelson , professor / director , Documentary Film and Video Program Stanford University
“ A fabulous film ... well - considered and devastating indictment of US foreign policy ... a terrific job of reducing a fairly complicated plot into a cogent and ultimately blood - roiling work . ”
Marc Mauceri , First Run Features
“ Fascinating , disturbing , thought - provoking , and very worthwhile film .
Whether you do or do n’t believe what we ’re fed through the media , this amazing documentary gives the viewer plenty of food for thought ... a stimulating look at Jean Bertrand Aristide 's rein of power in Haiti through powerful visuals and candid interviews ”
R. Gallyott , KWMR
“ Very compelling .
You linked U.S. policy to particular economic interest that need to be understood by a broad group of people . "
Walter Riley , civil rights attorney
Board chair , Vanguard Public Foundation
“ A bang - up job , and I will highly recommend this film to anyone ... thank you for producing this important work ... ”
Stuart Maxwell , founder and editor of the Louverture Project
“ A compelling film ... a good history of Aristide ’s presidency and departure from office , and the impact on Haiti . ”
PBS Frontline
“ N’hésitant pas à rompre avec le discours convenu , utilisant des images et des entretiens inédits , Nicolas Rossier lève enfin le voile sur les événements survenus en Haïti à la fin de l’hiver 2004 .
Son nouveau film , Aristide or the Endless Revolution , est un document - choc indispensable pour comprendre le caractère explosif de la situation dans la première république nègre du monde qui pourrait bien devenir l’Irak des CaraÏbes . ”
Claude Ribbe , author of L’Expédition
“ Rossier bravely exposes this great truth : the fire of the slave revolution continues to burn in every hungry Haitian ’s heart . ”
Thomas Griffin , human rights reporter
“ A very thorough job of documenting Aritiste 's story ... all the relevant and necessary components were there . ”
Mahen Bonetti , African Film Festival
“ I am veryproud to have my name associated with this superb documentary . ”
Fred Flaxman , WXEL Miami
“ I learned quite a few things about the dire situation in Haiti from this documentary that are not covered in the mainstream media . ”
PoChu AuYeung , Vancouver International Film Festival
“ Makes a convincing case that a conspiracy was orchestrated by Washington to deliberately destabilize the country , and sheds light on the political intrigue , manipulation , lies and mistakes that led to Haiti ’s being plunged once again into chaos . "
Montreal International Documentary Festival
“ Extremely well received .
After the first screening , the buzz caught on and it was one of our best attended screenings .
The audience wanted to talk about the subject and were very aware of the recent elections .
They were thankful to get the information contained in the documentary and felt it gave them a better understanding of the issues surrounding the kidnapping of the President and the push to replace him with the current elections . "
Asantewa , Pan African Film Festival
By By Stephanie Dearing May 29 , 2010 in Environment Calgary - A coalition of seven conservation groups released a report Friday on how to help the Alberta Grizzly bear population recover .
A key player , the government of Alberta , is not doing enough , the report baldly states .
" The provincial government is not doing enough to protect one of the most threatened grizzly bear populations in North America .
Recent research indicates that the grizzly bear population in Alberta is small and may be declining due to expanding networks of industrial access roads and the high levels of human - caused mortality that accompany them . "
Called " ... the government is not adequately implementing the recovery plan it adopted in 2008 .
The government ’s own status report indicates the recovery area has been significantly reduced in size , and strategies limiting road densities in the recovery plan are not being followed . "
The report said Grizzly Bears play an important ecological role , being " ... a “ keystone ” species , grizzlies are “ ecosystem engineers ” that help to regulate prey species ( such as elk and deer ) and propagate plant species such as blueberry and buffaloberry .
They help to maintain plant and forest health by dispersing plant seeds and aerating the soil as they dig for roots , pine nuts and ground squirrels . "
Nigel Douglas , a conservation specialist with the Alberta Wilderness Association warned " The fact that grizzlies are in trouble tells us that we are doing something drastically wrong .
Adopting the measures outlined in this report will help to recover the province ’s grizzlies and protect countless other species who share their habitat . "
The coalition advocates for a four - step recovery plan .
The steps include : " 1 . Limiting annual human - caused mortality to a rate that will allow grizzly bear populations to grow to a size and density that enables long - term persistence ...
2 . Providing grizzly bear habitat security of between 55 to 68 per cent over an area large enough to maintain a grizzly bear population big enough for long - term persistence .
3 . Limiting the density of roads and other routes across the recovery area to avoid unsustainable levels of motorized and non-motorized access .
4 . Maintaining demographic connectivity between small population units by preventing the construction of , or mitigating the effects of , roads , highways , railroads and other sources of fragmentation in grizzly bear habitat .
Although it is not discussed in this report , successful grizzly bear recovery will require an effective and well - funded public education program . "
The remedial action is needed , writes the report author , Jeff Gailus , because " Industrial activity and the road networks required to harvest timber and extract oil and gas are expected to increase dramatically in grizzly bear habitat , as are motorized recreation , and urban and agriculture development . "
And if these steps are not implemented to protect the species , what is the possible outcome ?
The coalition warns " The outlook for Alberta ’s bears under current conditions is a 98.6 per cent risk of population decline by 30 per cent or more over the next 36 years . "
The Alberta government has not yet responded to the report .
The current population of Grizzlies living outside of protected park areas in Alberta is thought to be less than 800 bears .
The coalition that sponsored the research and report are : Alberta Wilderness Association , Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society ( CPAWS ) , David Suzuki Foundation , Natural Resources Defence Council ( NRDC ) , Sierra Club Canada , Wild Canada Conservation Alliance , Yellowstone to Yukon Conservation Initiative .
Without mincing any words , the coalition of seven groups released its analysis of the Alberta government 's current plan to protect the grizzly bear population in the province , saying in a press release Called A Grizzly Challenge : Ensuring a Future for Alberta ’s Threatened Grizzlies , the highly critical report did not spare any punches , saying
The report said Grizzly Bears play an important ecological role , beingNigel Douglas , a conservation specialist with the Alberta Wilderness Association warned
The coalition advocates for a four - step recovery plan .
The steps include :
The remedial action is needed , writes the report author , Jeff Gailus , becauseAnd if these steps are not implemented to protect the species , what is the possible outcome ?
The coalition warnsThe Alberta government has not yet responded to the report .
The current population of Grizzlies living outside of protected park areas in Alberta is thought to be less than 800 bears .
The coalition that sponsored the research and report are : Alberta Wilderness Association , Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society ( CPAWS ) , David Suzuki Foundation , Natural Resources Defence Council ( NRDC ) , Sierra Club Canada , Wild Canada Conservation Alliance , Yellowstone to Yukon Conservation Initiative .
More about Grizzly bear , Alberta grizzly bears , Endangered species , Grizzly bear recovery , Alberta wilderness association More news from grizzly bear alberta grizzly bear ... endangered species grizzly bear recover ... alberta wilderness a ... canadian parks wilde ... david suzuki foundat ... natural resources de ... sierra club canada wild canada conserva ... yel
Most of us assume deaf people can’t register sound , let alone enjoy
Rachmaninoff .
Wrong .
A conceptual device from German designer Frederik
Podzuweit taps into the deaf ’s ability to feel music .
Music
for Deaf People is a collar that converts auditory input into vibrations , triggering the same sound - processing brain regions in those with full hearing .
So instead of listening through your ears ,
you effectively listen through your skin .
The collar has
a special membrane substance , which responds to electricity , dispatching the vibrations of whatever you ’re
playing–be it Sinatra or Sepultura–to your neck , shoulders , and
collarbone .
Adjustable , it fits snugly around your neck so you could theoretically wear it jogging or at the gym–never mind that
it looks like something straight out of a Stormtrooper ’s closet .
( Nerds
probably think that ’s a good thing . )
To the uninitiated , it
might seem like a nonstarter , a pointless gadget resigned to the annals
of air - conditioned T - shirts
and ShamWow !
Why would
deaf people want to “ hear ” music ?
The answer , of course , is for the
same reason everyone else does : Music is one of life ’s enduring
pleasures .
There ’s a lot of fascinating research into how
deaf people experience music .
Researchers at Ryerson University designed a chair
that transmits musical vibrations along the back , turning sound into a sort of multi-sensory
cheesecake .
One person described it like this : “ The first time I used
the chair , I was blown away by the amount of information I could get
about music from the vibrations .
For the first time in my life , I could
feel sad or happy because of how the music vibrations felt on my skin .
I never felt those kinds of feelings before when music was played . ”
 JEFFREY L. FISHER , associate professor at Stanford Law School and clerk from 1998 to 1999

JUSTICE STEVENS
’S energy amazed me , especially because he always seemed relaxed and unhurried .
He ’d come to chambers first thing in the morning with a draft of an opinion , which he had banged out or dictated at home earlier that day .
And it was never a breezy one - pager in the style favored by his predecessor , William O. Douglas .
Whether a majority opinion , a concurrence or a dissent , it would be thoughtful and detailed , complete with footnotes .
He would have also gotten in a few sets of tennis that morning .
Image Credit ... Andrea Ventura
He loved to come into the clerks ’ office to brainstorm about pending cases , delighting in the facts and law of every one , no matter how obscure .
One time , a clerk for another justice happened to be there and stayed for the discussion .
Later , he gave Justice Stevens his highest accolade : “ That was like talking to another clerk . ”
In those days , Justice Stevens hired only two clerks , even though most justices hired four , and even though the court decided twice as many cases as today .
He did n’t see the need for more help .
And , of course , he was one of the few justices who would n’t join the “ cert. pool , ” the collective divvying up of the court ’s 7,000 annual requests for review .
Better to look at all 7,000 ourselves .
Maybe the best example of Justice Stevens ’s energy came a few years ago .
I and some other former clerks were planning a clerks ’ reunion with Justice Stevens , and one suggested a tennis tournament .
Justice Stevens did n’t approve .
“ Why not ? ” asked the organizer .
“ Most of the clerks are n’t very good , ” he responded .
He did n’t want to waste his time playing with hackers .
He was 85 at the time .
 CLIFF SLOAN , lawyer in Washington and clerk from 1985 to 1986

EARLY in my clerkship , a man was scheduled to be executed late at night , and it was my turn to keep Justice Stevens posted on any final appeals .
As I would soon learn , the last - minute claims this petitioner was raising were common features of capital cases .
They had been raised and litigated before , and they presented no novel question of law that would make the case a likely candidate for further review .
Nonetheless , the man was about to be executed , and so I called Justice Stevens at home and woke him up .
Christopher Ferguson is a photographer , writer , and architect based in Austin , Texas .
Active since 2014 , he has photographed a variety of corporate events for clients like HomeAway , Silicon Labs , Herman Miller , Fairmont Hotels , ManyChat , Texas Architect Magazine , Fannie Mae , Hotel ZaZa , The City of Austin , Mithril , Baker Bots , Allinial Global , Thoughtworks , Lexus , Ambit Energy , and more .
He is also a freelance writer and has been featured in publications like Texas Architect , The Architect ’s Newspaper , EASTside Magazine , Workplace Design Magazine , and 787xx .
When he is n’t shooting events or writing , Christopher directs the business development and marketing efforts for New York based Clickspring Design , an Emmy Award winning agency specializing in branded interiors and broadcast set design .
Major project credits include work for Jack Daniel's , Express Scripts , Bloomberg , Nintendo , CNN , ESPN , NBC , HBO , Fox News , and a variety of Asian and Middle Eastern media networks .
Inquiries
chris@dogroupdesign.com
+1 972 816 1993
As it struggles with a major leak in the Gulf of Mexico , the oil company is accused of deliberate recklessness over a spill on Alaska
The Gulf of Mexico oil spill , which could see BP face hundreds of lawsuits , is giving new impetus to a highly damaging legal case stemming from a previous environmental disaster in Alaska .
A UK pension fund alleges that it lost money because of falls in the BP share price after a pipeline leak in the Prudhoe Bay field four years ago .
Lawyers for the fund say the latest spill is providing further ammunition for its case .
" It is too soon to tell exactly what went wrong in the gulf , but what is clear is that they [ the accidents ] both reflect a corporate culture and series of operating procedures that need to be reformed , " said Thomas Dubbs , a partner at New York law firm Labaton Sucharow , which is handling the case against BP for the Lothian pension fund , claiming tens of millions of dollars .
The fund , an investor in BP , looks after the retirement benefits of 67,000 workers employed by councils in Edinburgh and the Midlothian area , and also by the local bus company .
The pension providers are taking the company to court for the stock market losses attached to pipeline fractures that resulted in 200,000 gallons of oil being spilled and the Prudhoe Bay field being temporarily shut down .
Accidents in March and August 2006 knocked billions off the BP share price , and Lothian is arguing that its funds have paid the price for management ineptitude .
The Lothian case could open the way for similar challenges and do further damage to BP 's reputation , which was also hurt by the Texas City refinery fire in the US in 2005 , when 15 workers died .
The company is being battered anew by the Gulf of Mexico disaster , which has wiped $ 30 bn off the share price .
Investigations by Congress and US federal authorities into the Alaskan spills showed , say the plaintiffs , " that BP knowingly , or with deliberate recklessness , failed to properly maintain , operate , inspect and monitor its pipelines at Prudhoe Bay " .
They go on : " BP had received repeated warnings from multiple sources and knew that its pipelines were severely corroded , repeatedly cut corrosion - inhibiting maintenance in order to reduce costs and improve profits , and failed for more than 14 years to inspect the inside of the pipelines with an in - line inspection tool that would have precisely identified the level and location of the corrosion . "
The Prudhoe Bay case comes as the oil company and the rig operator in the Gulf of Mexico , Transocean , are reported to be facing 130 lawsuits filed by fishermen , property owners and tourism businesses claiming damages from the oil coming ashore after the explosion .
The Lothian action , brought against BP 's former group chief executive Lord Browne and BP America boss Robert Malone , claims that the company knew of the corrosion problems at the highest level .
The Lothian lawyers say that , as far back as May 2004 , the chairman of the environmental committee of BP 's board of directors , Walter Massey , received a letter predicting a " major catastrophic event " and warning that cost - cutting had caused " serious corrosion of flow lines and systems " .
BP declined to comment on the case .
Tags
In a recent article at the Huffington Post , Lynn Parramore assembled a team of economists to refute nine " myths " about the deficit .
On the one hand , it was refreshing to see these economists discuss with such candor the fact that our financial system is backed up by nothing but green pieces of paper .
On the other hand , it was shocking to see these economists laud the fact .
Believe it or not , the theme of the article is that all the handwringing over the federal budget deficit is misplaced , because Uncle Sam can print all the money he needs .
In short , these economists think the printing press has abolished economic scarcity .
Well , it has n't .
Printing up green pieces of paper ( or adding numbers to electronic bank balances ) does n't create more goods and services .
But to see the precise errors involved , we 'll need to quote from some of the alleged myth - busting .
HuffPo Myth # 1 : The Federal Government Should Balance Its Books
The first ( alleged ) myth that the HuffPo piece tackles is the claim that the federal government " should balance its books like a private household . "
But this is apparently wrong , because
a government is the issuer of the currency .
The household , on the other hand , is the user .
Households are restricted by the need to somehow get money into their bank accounts , or their checks will bounce .
The federal government , by contrast , does n't " have " or " not have " dollars .
There is no vault or lock box where it " keeps " its money .
In fact , it makes all of its payments simply by electronically crediting private bank accounts and there is no practical limit to which it can change those numbers up .
Spending by the federal government always creates new money in the system , while taxation destroys it .
When households and firms pay taxes , the money does not go anywhere ; the government simply debits those private bank accounts by electronically reducing the amount of reserves they hold , i.e. , by changing the numbers in those bank accounts down .
It 's hard to know where to begin .
In the first place , the above explanation is simply wrong .
Strictly speaking , the US federal government does not simply create new dollars when it spends , and it does n't destroy dollars when it taxes .
On the contrary , the federal government takes in revenues from taxation and the floating of Treasury debt , and keeps its funds in banks .
The government really does have a budget ; that 's how we measure the budget deficit after all .
Now it 's true , the Federal Reserve complicates things tremendously .
There is a definite sense in which the Fed " monetizes " the government 's deficit spending , and in a sense uses price inflation as an additional mechanism ( in conjunction with taxation and borrowing ) to transfer wealth from the private sector to the government .
( I spell out the exact mechanism here . )
" There is a definite sense in which the government plays by a different rulebook , because the central bank waits in the wings to monetize its debts . "
So if we want to bend over backward , we could forgive the above writer for lumping the Federal Reserve and the federal government into one entity .
But even if we assume that the term " government " above really means " government plus the Fed , " the writer is still wrong for implying that government budget deficits are no big deal .
When the government spends more than it collects in taxes , it has to make up the difference somehow .
It can borrow the money , which pushes up interest rates and sucks capital away from private business .
Or it can ( loosely speaking ) print the difference , which pushes up prices and erodes the purchasing power of everyone else in society .
When people complain that the government is n't living within its means , they have in mind the idea that its spending is unsustainable , because people wo n't tolerate the taxes necessary to support such bloated programs .
That is why the average person views a huge government deficit as fundamentally dishonest and irresponsible .
One can't refute this revulsion by pointing out that the government ( through the Fed ) has the power to simply print up more dollar bills .
HuffPo Myth # 2 : Social Security
Is in Crisis
Since the HuffPo piece has already " proven " that government deficits are irrelevant , it should come as no surprise that Social Security is in fine shape :
The truth is , the [ Social Security ] system was never broken in the first place , because the government 's ability to pay benefits does not in any way depend on the balance in the Social Security or Medicare Trust Funds .
Benefit checks come directly from the Treasury , and , as Alan Greenspan has admitted , " [ A ] government cannot become insolvent with respect to obligations in its own currency . "
And so the question is not whether the government needs to make " tough choices " in order to keep these vital programs afloat .
The question is , will politicians make the toughest choice of all and tell the American people the truth : Social Security and Medicare face no financial crisis now or in the future .
Again , what would it mean if the Social Security system did face " tough choices " ?
It would mean that workers would have to pay more , or retirees would have to collect less benefits .
If we " solve " the crisis by printing up new money , that implicitly enacts both of the tough choices .
That is , workers end up contributing more out of each paycheck ( because prices rise faster than wages ) and retirees end up getting smaller benefits ( because their promised checks buy less stuff at the grocery store ) .
The common problem with the HuffPo treatment of the first two " myths " is to focus on the narrow issue of accounting , as opposed to the broader economic issue .
Yes , a government can " solve " its deficit problems or Social Security shortfalls by printing up new money .
But that does n't alter the underlying economic problem of a program trying to give more resources to one group than it can extract from another group .
In any event , not only is Social Security in crisis , it is already broke — the storm has arrived .
HuffPo Myth # 3 : Government Deficits Burden Our Children
So far , we 've been told that government deficits pose no harm , but now we see that , in addition to being irrelevant numbers , they actually make our children richer :
Most people do n't realize that government debt —
Treasury securities — are nothing more than savings accounts at the Federal Reserve Bank in Washington .
There are about 13 trillion dollars in Treasury securities at the Fed .
Collectively , these savings accounts are known as the national debt .
The national debt represents a portion of the combined savings of US residents , corporations , banks , and foreign governments .
And most folks probably do n't know that when a person buys them , the Fed simply transfers the dollars from her checking account to a savings account at the Fed called a " Treasury security . " …
In the future , when our grandkids make payments on Treasury securities , they will simply credit accounts at the Fed - just as we do today , and as our grandparents did before us .
It is a simple matter of data entry , and not a financial burden .
If the government spends and taxes wisely today , our grandchildren inherit roads , dams , parks , public buildings , and , most importantly , an educated and healthier workforce .
These things are admittedly hard to value precisely — but there can be no doubt that our grandkids will be much better off having been born into a society that has modern infrastructure and services that our government policies can help to provide .
As with the treatment of Myth # 1 , here too the economist is simply wrong .
When someone in the private sector buys a Treasury security issued by the federal government , that money is ultimately spent by the government — just as if a private corporation issued a bond .
Yes , the Federal Reserve complicates things ( as mentioned above ) , but the description in the block quote above is simply wrong .
It is also interesting that the economist " proves " that interest payments on the debt are n't a burden , because they are " a simple matter of data entry , " but he then goes on to say that these simple keystrokes somehow lead to the creation of a productive infrastructure for our descendants .
That 's some data entry !
There is a grain of truth in all this , but the HuffPo economist gets it backward .
It 's true that the payment of interest on government debt per se does n't impoverish " the next generation , " for the simple fact that the payments are made to the bondholders , who themselves will be members of " the next generation . "
To put it in other words , we as taxpayers have higher ( future ) liabilities when the government runs up a debt , but the people who currently lend to the government in turn are able to pass on more assets ( in the form of Treasury bonds ) to their heirs .
" The real issue is this : will our children be richer if politicians pick the projects to fund , or if those decisions are left to the private sector ? "
When the government runs a deficit , it spends more than it otherwise could have .
That means more of the economy 's real resources — labor , steel , computer processing time , etc. — are devoted to political ends , rather than private commercial activities .
The real issue is this : will our children be richer if politicians pick the projects to fund , or if those decisions are left to the private sector ?
The HuffPo economists think the government is capable of " wise " investments , but I 'm not so sure .
HuffPo Myth # 6 : Government Deficits Deplete Savings
We have skipped ahead to one of my favorite fallacies :
The truth is that deficits add to the total monetary savings held outside of government .
To the penny .
That 's right , if the government deficit was 1 trillion dollars last year , then total net savings of everyone outside of government went up by 1 trillion .
Not a penny more or a penny less .
Let 's look at a simple transaction where the government deficit spends $ 100 .
Say the government sells US $ 100 of new treasury securities .
We buy them and our bank account goes down by $ 100 when we pay for them , but we have the $ 100 of treasury securities we bought .
Are we any poorer ?
Of course not !
In fact , since we bought the securities voluntarily , we probably did it because we think that purchase made us richer .
All we did was exchange $ 100 that was in our checking account for a $ 100 Treasury security .
After we pay the $ 100 for the Treasury securities , the next thing that happens is the government then spends $ 100 by buying something from us .
So we now have both the $ 100 the government just spent and the $ 100 of Treasury securities we just bought .
So because of the $ 100 of deficit spending , we got our $ 100 back in our checking account , and we also have $ 100 in Treasury securities .
Our monetary wealth is now $ 100 more than it was before .
The deficit spending of $ 100 added $ 100 to our savings .
Yet all of our leaders insist that deficits take away from our savings .
You can now understand the reason our savings went up so much last year .
It was because the government deficit was so much higher .
Now you know more about that than anyone on TV .
I have picked apart the flaws in this particular argument in a previous piece .
For one thing , to focus on our $ 100 in extra savings without focusing on the higher future tax burden is absurd .
But rather than get into the technicalities , let 's just point out that the HuffPo analyst left out one important piece of the story , even if he reasons on his own terms :
When the Treasury bond matures , the government owes us ( say ) $ 105 .
So the government taxes us $ 105 , making us $ 105 poorer .
Then it pays us that money right back , but also takes away our bond .
In the end , we have no extra wealth to show for the government 's deficit spending .
Another way to illustrate the flaw in the HuffPo argument is to substitute " government " with " Halliburton . "
The block quote above would then " prove " that the more money people invested with Halliburton , the richer the world - minus - Halliburton would become — as a simple matter of accounting .
I doubt HuffPo would endorse that argument .
Conclusion
The financial shenanigans of the federal government and the Federal Reserve are quite complicated .
There is a definite sense in which the government plays by a different rulebook , because the central bank waits in the wings to monetize its debts .
Most people shy away from this conclusion , because it is too horrible to consider .
Yet ironically , the economic analysts rounded up by HuffPo consider the inflationary machine to be a beautiful thing .
If coke does n't give you satisfaction , try meth : I 'm not sure whether to praise the Journal of Experimental Biology or to complain vociferously about it .
The journal appears to be a veritable fountain of weirdness , having supplied us with our earlier coverage of mice trained to detect the body odor of chickens , and offering a study in the latest issue that involved showing videos of crickets to salamanders in order to determine if they could distinguish large numbers .
( The answer is yes , provided that the quantities differ by a 2:1 ratio or higher . )
But the journal apparently recognizes the weirdness of its own offerings , and sends out press releases announcing some of the stranger ones .
And then it waits a while after the release before it places the content online .
Thus , we did n't provide full coverage of a report on the ability of spitting cobras to track hapless
PhDs simply because the paper was n't yet online when Weird Science was being prepared .
New week , same story : JEB offers up a fantastically weird press release describing a research group that tested the impact of meth on the ability of snails to remember how to breathe .
The training involved poking the hapless snails with sticks .
Perfect material , but the paper is nowhere to be found on the journal 's website .
Fortunately , the search function pulled up the next best thing : a paper in which the same group did the exact same research , but gave the snails coke instead .
Both drugs seem to impact the ability of snails to forget stuff .
Maybe we can test this by sticking some zebras in six feet of ocean on a Sunday :
This one 's from a book , so we only have the press release to go on , but it seems pretty solid .
Researchers ran the numbers on every shark attack on a section of the Florida coast since 1956 , and came up with the typical conditions at the time of the bite .
" Shark attacks are most likely to occur on Sunday , in less than six feet of water , during a new moon and involve surfers wearing black and white bathing suits , " according to the analysis .
Does basso profundo get the girl ? :
It 's easy to find a nature program that will give you a nice , clinical description of male dominance displays and mating success .
Look hard enough , and you can find that same clinical detachment applied to human males , where it leads to some rather surreal sounding phrases like " Vocal masculinity strongly affected dominance ratings , but a man ’s own dominance did not alter his attention to vocal masculinity when assessing dominance . "
Men pay attention to voices , and assume a deep , bass rumble is indicative of a dominant male , regardless of how confident they are in their own dominance .
But , when it comes to rating relative positions on the social hierarchy , the key factor is testosterone levels .
Credit :
The spotted handfish , strolling around some eggs .
Credit : SCIRO
They 're vanishing just as I became aware of them : I 'm well aware of the lungfish that evolved evolved limb - like fins and eventually left the water behind .
But I was surprised to find out that they were n't the last fish to go this route .
There 's an entire clade of species called " handfish " that exist only near Australia , where they casually stroll the ocean floor , as this one 's doing at right .
" 50 million years ago , they ' walked ' the world 's oceans , but now they exist only off eastern and southern Australia , " said an Australian taxonomist .
Fitting bees with radio collars :
Well , not really radio collars , but the authors of a paper on the foraging habits of solitary tropical bees claim to be the first to have provided radio telemetry data on the daily travels of male orchid bees .
Although the bees went up to five kilometers from their tagging site , they also had long periods where they were essentially stationary , suggesting a degree of what the authors term " site fidelity . "
But the best aspect of the work is clearly this video of the authors supergluing miniaturized radio transmitters onto these rather large bees , setting them loose , and then barreling through the forest after them like they 're refilming the Blair Witch Project .
From the Minnesota tundra comes Bozart , an instrumental rock duo from Minneapolis .
Formed in 1997 from the wreckage of the Portland math - rock institution Holgator , Bozart employs a host of odd time signatures .
In mid-1998 , the band released its debut CD , Kurth , a selection of songs ranging from stripped - down metal to heart - wrenching guitar duets ( and back again ) .
Later that year , the fellows embarked on a three week tour of the West , delighting audience members whom Bozart refers to as " God 's chosen . "
View wiki
Daniels is a struggling novelist with Reynolds as his imaginary friend ( who kind of comes off like a dick in the trailer ) who makes friends with a local high school girl , played by Emma Stone .
Stone of course is much more level headed and world wise than everyone else her age and the two form a bond that no one else understands .
Seems like a fairly standard indie plot with a touch of schizophrenia tossed in .
The official synopsis followed by the trailer :
Their tenuous , new friendship is sparked by Richard ’s awe over Abby ’s homemade soup and Abby ’s enjoyment of Richard ’s writing and his attempts at Origami .
As the season progresses and the warm , quirky friendship between Richard and Abby grows , the two begin to share with each other their dreams and life hardships .
With the coming of spring , Richard and Abby discover there comes a time to let go of the imaginary friends of the past and to embrace the future as a new beginning .
It looks like it could be decent but regardless this movie will never be the best movie featuring an imaginary friend .
That honor will always belong to Drop Dead Fred .
That film is devine .
Paper Man hits theaters in limited release on April 23rd .
Props to FilmDrunk for the find .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Regulators on Friday shut down three affiliated banks in Florida and one each in Nevada and California , bringing the number of bank failures this year to 78 .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation took over the three Florida banks , all owned by the Bank of Florida Corporation , a bank holding company .
Those banks are Bank of Florida - Southeast , based in Fort Lauderdale , with $ 595.3 million in assets ; Bank of Florida - Southwest , based in Naples , with $ 640.9 million in assets ; and Bank of Florida - Tampa Bay , based in Tampa , with $ 245.2 million in assets .
The F.D.I.C. also seized the Sun West Bank of Las Vegas , with $ 360.7 million in assets , and the Granite Community Bank , located in Granite Bay , Calif. , with $ 102.9 million in assets .
PEAZIP FREE FILE ARCHIVER DOWNLOAD NOTES
Repositories of legacy software releases are available from PeaZip project page on GitHub , OSDN. net , and Sourceforge .
Each release ( easily identifiable from version number ) contains program 's packages for different supported operating systems , documentation , and sources .
See complete change log and release notes for list of updates and new features of the application .
DOWNLOAD PEAZIP FREE FILE ARCHIVER SOURCES
PeaZip 's software sources ( LGPL v3 ) are written in FreePascal , a powerful Open Source cross- platform programming language , and Lazarus IDE is required to compile / build / edit the source code .
HOW TO SUPPORT PEAZIP FREE FILE ARCHIVER PROJECT
If you appreciate PeaZip free file archiver , and you wish to help the project to grow and improve , you can contribute to the software development donating through PayPal on Donations page .
PeaZip on Facebook PeaZip on Twitter PeaZip on Reddit
DOWNLOAD OTHER UTILITIES
PeaExtractor 1.3 ( LGPLv3 )
Free unrar / unzip utility , extraction - only spin-off of PeaZip .
Simple wizard based archive extractor tool meant to keep the decompression process as simple and streamlined as possible for novice users without prior knwoledge about working with compressed file archives .
PeaUtils 1.2 ( LGPLv3 )
Free suite of file management utilities : compute file checksum and hash , byte to byte compare , secure delete data and free space , hex preview ...
Spin-off of PeaZip project , focused on minimal , user - friendly GUI for file management functions .
PeaZip add - ons page , with optional UNACE and UNRAR / UNRAR5 plugins , based on royalty - free but closed source components and consequently requiring separate download .
(*)
To use the application as ACE files opener and extractor it is needed to install WinACE 's UNACE plugin , otherwise the program will lack the ( proprietary ) component to read .ace format .
(**) RAR creation with PeaZip is possible if WinRar is installed on the system ( autonomous support to rar compression is not possible due to rar licensing limitations ) .
Please note RAR and RAR5 format opening / extraction is supported out of the box : a plugin based on official RarLab 's unrar code is provided as alternative .rar extraction engine , if preferred by user over 7 - Zip / p7zip 's Open Source unrar implementation .
The two men killed in a dramatic road smash on Brisbane ’s southside yesterday morning were Greg Wright , 47 , and Jarrod Hamilton , 27 .
The pair was test - driving a powerful Porsche 911 GT2 for a Brisbane - based motor repairs shop when they lost control on Fairfield Road at Yeronga about 10.30 am , slamming head - on into a passing truck near the intersection of Nelson Street .
They died at the scene .
Yesterday afternoon their employer , Fulcrum Suspensions , issued a statement expressing " great shock " at their deaths .
" On behalf of the entire Fulcrum Suspensions family we extend our deepest sympathies and condolences to the loved ones and friends of Greg and Jarrod after today ’s terrible tragedy , " Managing Director Graham Scudamore - Smith said .
Again I say , I do not know what has become of Harley Warren ; though I think — almost hope — that he is in peaceful oblivion , if there be anywhere so blessed a thing .
It is true that I have for five years been his closest friend , and a partial sharer of his terrible researches into the unknown .
I will not deny , though my memory is uncertain and indistinct , that this witness of yours may have seen us together as he says , on the Gainesville pike , walking toward Big Cypress Swamp , at half past eleven on that awful night .
That we bore electric lanterns , spades , and a curious coil of wire with attached instruments , I will even affirm ; for these things all played a part in the single hideous scene which remains burned into my shaken recollection .
But of what followed , and of the reason I was found alone and dazed on the edge of the swamp next morning , I must insist that I know nothing save what I have told you over and over again .
You say to me that there is nothing in the swamp or near it which could form the setting of that frightful episode .
I reply that I know nothing beyond what I saw .
Vision or nightmare it may have been — vision or nightmare I fervently hope it was — yet it is all that my mind retains of what took place in those shocking hours after we left the sight of men .
And why Harley Warren did not return , he or his shade — or some nameless thing I cannot describe — alone can tell .
As I have said before , the weird studies of Harley Warren were well known to me , and to some extent shared by me .
Of his vast collection of strange , rare books on forbidden subjects I have read all that are written in the languages of which I am master ; but these are few as compared with those in languages I cannot understand .
Most , I believe , are in Arabic ; and the fiend - inspired book which brought on the end — the book which he carried in his pocket out of the world — was written in characters whose like I never saw elsewhere .
Warren would never tell me just what was in that book .
As to the nature of our studies — must I say again that I no longer retain full comprehension ?
It seems to me rather merciful that I do not , for they were terrible studies , which I pursued more through reluctant fascination than through actual inclination .
Warren always dominated me , and sometimes I feared him .
I remember how I shuddered at his facial expression on the night before the awful happening , when he talked so incessantly of his theory , why certain corpses never decay , but rest firm and fat in their tombs for a thousand years .
But I do not fear him now , for I suspect that he has known horrors beyond my ken .
Now I fear for him .
Once more I say that I have no clear idea of our object on that night .
Certainly , it had much to do with something in the book which Warren carried with him — that ancient book in undecipherable characters which had come to him from India a month before — but I swear I do not know what it was that we expected to find .
Your witness says he saw us at half past eleven on the Gainesville pike , headed for Big Cypress Swamp .
This is probably true , but I have no distinct memory of it .
The picture seared into my soul is of one scene only , and the hour must have been long after midnight ; for a waning crescent moon was high in the vaporous heavens .
The place was an ancient cemetery ; so ancient that I trembled at the manifold signs of immemorial years .
It was in a deep , damp hollow , overgrown with rank grass , moss , and curious creeping weeds , and filled with a vague stench which my idle fancy associated absurdly with rotting stone .
On every hand were the signs of neglect and decrepitude , and I seemed haunted by the notion that Warren and I were the first living creatures to invade a lethal silence of centuries .
Over the valley ’s rim a wan , waning crescent moon peered through the noisome vapours that seemed to emanate from unheard - of catacombs , and by its feeble , wavering beams I could distinguish a repellent array of antique slabs , urns , cenotaphs , and mausolean facades ; all crumbling , moss - grown , and moisture - stained , and partly concealed by the gross luxuriance of the unhealthy vegetation .
My first vivid impression of my own presence in this terrible necropolis concerns the act of pausing with Warren before a certain half - obliterated sepulchre , and of throwing down some burdens which we seemed to have been carrying .
I now observed that I had with me an electric lantern and two spades , whilst my companion was supplied with a similar lantern and a portable telephone outfit .
No word was uttered , for the spot and the task seemed known to us ; and without delay we seized our spades and commenced to clear away the grass , weeds , and drifted earth from the flat , archaic mortuary .
After uncovering the entire surface , which consisted of three immense granite slabs , we stepped back some distance to survey the charnel scene ; and Warren appeared to make some mental calculations .
Then he returned to the sepulchre , and using his spade as a lever , sought to pry up the slab lying nearest to a stony ruin which may have been a monument in its day .
He did not succeed , and motioned to me to come to his assistance .
Finally our combined strength loosened the stone , which we raised and tipped to one side .
The removal of the slab revealed a black aperture , from which rushed an effluence of miasmal gases so nauseous that we started back in horror .
After an interval , however , we approached the pit again , and found the exhalations less unbearable .
Our lanterns disclosed the top of a flight of stone steps , dripping with some detestable ichor of the inner earth , and bordered by moist walls encrusted with nitre .
And now for the first time my memory records verbal discourse , Warren addressing me at length in his mellow tenor voice ; a voice singularly unperturbed by our awesome surroundings .
“ I ’m sorry to have to ask you to stay on the surface , ” he said , “ but it would be a crime to let anyone with your frail nerves go down there .
You ca n’t imagine , even from what you have read and from what I ’ve told you , the things I shall have to see and do .
It ’s fiendish work , Carter , and I doubt if any man without ironclad sensibilities could ever see it through and come up alive and sane .
I do n’t wish to offend you , and heaven knows I ’d be glad enough to have you with me ; but the responsibility is in a certain sense mine , and I could n’t drag a bundle of nerves like you down to probable death or madness .
I tell you , you ca n’t imagine what the thing is really like !
But I promise to keep you informed over the telephone of every move — you see I ’ve enough wire here to reach to the centre of the earth and back ! ”
I can still hear , in memory , those coolly spoken words ; and I can still remember my remonstrances .
I seemed desperately anxious to accompany my friend into those sepulchral depths , yet he proved inflexibly obdurate .
At one time he threatened to abandon the expedition if I remained insistent ; a threat which proved effective , since he alone held the key to the thing .
All this I can still remember , though I no longer know what manner of thing we sought .
After he had secured my reluctant acquiescence in his design , Warren picked up the reel of wire and adjusted the instruments .
At his nod I took one of the latter and seated myself upon an aged , discoloured gravestone close by the newly uncovered aperture .
Then he shook my hand , shouldered the coil of wire , and disappeared within that indescribable ossuary .
For a moment I kept sight of the glow of his lantern , and heard the rustle of the wire as he laid it down after him ; but the glow soon disappeared abruptly , as if a turn in the stone staircase had been encountered , and the sound died away almost as quickly .
I was alone , yet bound to the unknown depths by those magic strands whose insulated surface lay green beneath the struggling beams of that waning crescent moon .
In the lone silence of that hoary and deserted city of the dead , my mind conceived the most ghastly phantasies and illusions ; and the grotesque shrines and monoliths seemed to assume a hideous personality — a half - sentience .
Amorphous shadows seemed to lurk in the darker recesses of the weed - choked hollow and to flit as in some blasphemous ceremonial procession past the portals of the mouldering tombs in the hillside ; shadows which could not have been cast by that pallid , peering crescent moon .
I constantly consulted my watch by the light of my electric lantern , and listened with feverish anxiety at the receiver of the telephone ; but for more than a quarter of an hour heard nothing .
Then a faint clicking came from the instrument , and I called down to my friend in a tense voice .
Apprehensive as I was , I was nevertheless unprepared for the words which came up from that uncanny vault in accents more alarmed and quivering than any I had heard before from Harley Warren .
He who had so calmly left me a little while previously , now called from below in a shaky whisper more portentous than the loudest shriek :
“ God !
If you could see what I am seeing ! ”
I could not answer .
Speechless , I could only wait .
Then came the frenzied tones again :
“ Carter , it ’s terrible — monstrous — unbelievable ! ”
This time my voice did not fail me , and I poured into the transmitter a flood of excited questions .
Terrified , I continued to repeat , “ Warren , what is it ?
What is it ? ”
Once more came the voice of my friend , still hoarse with fear , and now apparently tinged with despair :
“ I ca n’t tell you , Carter !
It ’s too utterly beyond thought — I dare not tell you — no man could know it and live — Great God !
I never dreamed of THIS ! ” Stillness again , save for my now incoherent torrent of shuddering inquiry .
Then the voice of Warren in a pitch of wilder consternation :
“ Carter ! for the love of God , put back the slab and get out of this if you can !
Quick !— leave everything else and make for the outside — it ’s your only chance !
Do as I say , and do n’t ask me to explain ! ”
I heard , yet was able only to repeat my frantic questions .
Around me were the tombs and the darkness and the shadows ; below me , some peril beyond the radius of the human imagination .
But my friend was in greater danger than I , and through my fear I felt a vague resentment that he should deem me capable of deserting him under such circumstances .
More clicking , and after a pause a piteous cry from Warren :
“ Beat it !
For God ’s sake , put back the slab and beat it , Carter ! ”
Something in the boyish slang of my evidently stricken companion unleashed my faculties .
I formed and shouted a resolution , “ Warren , brace up !
I ’m coming down ! ”
But at this offer the tone of my auditor changed to a scream of utter despair :
“ Do n ’t !
You ca n’t understand !
It ’s too late — and my own fault .
Put back the slab and run — there ’s nothing else you or anyone can do now ! ”
The tone changed again , this time acquiring a softer quality , as of hopeless resignation .
Yet it remained tense through anxiety for me .
“ Quick — before it ’s too late ! ” I tried not to heed him ; tried to break through the paralysis which held me , and to fulfil my vow to rush down to his aid .
But his next whisper found me still held inert in the chains of stark horror .
“ Carter — hurry !
It ’s no use — you must go — better one than two — the slab — ” A pause , more clicking , then the faint voice of Warren :
“ Nearly over now — do n’t make it harder — cover up those damned steps and run for your life — you ’re losing time —
So long , Carter — wo n’t see you again . ”
Here Warren ’s whisper swelled into a cry ; a cry that gradually rose to a shriek fraught with all the horror of the ages —
“ Curse these hellish things — legions — My God !
Beat it !
Beat it !
Beat it ! ”
After that was silence .
I know not how many interminable aeons I sat stupefied ; whispering , muttering , calling , screaming into that telephone .
Over and over again through those aeons I whispered and muttered , called , shouted , and screamed , “ Warren ! Warren !
Answer me — are you there ? ”
And then there came to me the crowning horror of all — the unbelievable , unthinkable , almost unmentionable thing .
I have said that aeons seemed to elapse after Warren shrieked forth his last despairing warning , and that only my own cries now broke the hideous silence .
But after a while there was a further clicking in the receiver , and I strained my ears to listen .
Again I called down , “ Warren , are you there ? ” , and in answer heard the thing which has brought this cloud over my mind .
I do not try , gentlemen , to account for that thing — that voice — nor can I venture to describe it in detail , since the first words took away my consciousness and created a mental blank which reaches to the time of my awakening in the hospital .
Shall I say that the voice was deep ; hollow ; gelatinous ; remote ; unearthly ; inhuman ; disembodied ?
What shall I say ?
It was the end of my experience , and is the end of my story .
I heard it , and knew no more .
Heard it as I sat petrified in that unknown cemetery in the hollow , amidst the crumbling stones and the falling tombs , the rank vegetation and the miasmal vapours .
Heard it well up from the innermost depths of that damnable open sepulchre as I watched amorphous , necrophagous shadows dance beneath an accursed waning moon .
And this is what it said :
“ YOU FOOL , WARREN IS DEAD ! ”
I repeat to you , gentlemen , that your inquisition is fruitless .
Detain me here forever if you will ; confine or execute me if you must have a victim to propitiate the illusion you call justice ; but I can say no more than I have said already .
Everything that I can remember , I have told with perfect candour .
Nothing has been distorted or concealed , and if anything remains vague , it is only because of the dark cloud which has come over my mind — that cloud and the nebulous nature of the horrors which brought it upon me .
Again I say , I do not know what has become of Harley Warren ; though I think — almost hope — that he is in peaceful oblivion , if there be anywhere so blessed a thing .
It is true that I have for five years been his closest friend , and a partial sharer of his terrible researches into the unknown .
I will not deny , though my memory is uncertain and indistinct , that this witness of yours may have seen us together as he says , on the Gainesville pike , walking toward Big Cypress Swamp , at half past eleven on that awful night .
That we bore electric lanterns , spades , and a curious coil of wire with attached instruments , I will even affirm ; for these things all played a part in the single hideous scene which remains burned into my shaken recollection .
But of what followed , and of the reason I was found alone and dazed on the edge of the swamp next morning , I must insist that I know nothing save what I have told you over and over again .
You say to me that there is nothing in the swamp or near it which could form the setting of that frightful episode .
I reply that I know nothing beyond what I saw .
Vision or nightmare it may have been — vision or nightmare I fervently hope it was — yet it is all that my mind retains of what took place in those shocking hours after we left the sight of men .
And why Harley Warren did not return , he or his shade — or some namelessI cannot describe — alone can tell .
As I have said before , the weird studies of Harley Warren were well known to me , and to some extent shared by me .
Of his vast collection of strange , rare books on forbidden subjects I have read all that are written in the languages of which I am master ; but these are few as compared with those in languages I cannot understand .
Most , I believe , are in Arabic ; and the fiend - inspired book which brought on the end — the book which he carried in his pocket out of the world — was written in characters whose like I never saw elsewhere .
Warren would never tell me just what was in that book .
As to the nature of our studies — must I say again that I no longer retain full comprehension ?
It seems to me rather merciful that I do not , for they were terrible studies , which I pursued more through reluctant fascination than through actual inclination .
Warren always dominated me , and sometimes I feared him .
I remember how I shuddered at his facial expression on the night before the awful happening , when he talked so incessantly of his theory , But I do not fear him now , for I suspect that he has known horrors beyond my ken .
Now I fearhim .
Once more I say that I have no clear idea of our object on that night .
Certainly , it had much to do with something in the book which Warren carried with him — that ancient book in undecipherable characters which had come to him from India a month before — but I swear I do not know what it was that we expected to find .
Your witness says he saw us at half past eleven on the Gainesville pike , headed for Big Cypress Swamp .
This is probably true , but I have no distinct memory of it .
The picture seared into my soul is of one scene only , and the hour must have been long after midnight ; for a waning crescent moon was high in the vaporous heavens .
The place was an ancient cemetery ; so ancient that I trembled at the manifold signs of immemorial years .
It was in a deep , damp hollow , overgrown with rank grass , moss , and curious creeping weeds , and filled with a vague stench which my idle fancy associated absurdly with rotting stone .
On every hand were the signs of neglect and decrepitude , and I seemed haunted by the notion that Warren and I were the first living creatures to invade a lethal silence of centuries .
Over the valley ’s rim a wan , waning crescent moon peered through the noisome vapours that seemed to emanate from unheard - of catacombs , and by its feeble , wavering beams I could distinguish a repellent array of antique slabs , urns , cenotaphs , and mausolean facades ; all crumbling , moss - grown , and moisture - stained , and partly concealed by the gross luxuriance of the unhealthy vegetation .
My first vivid impression of my own presence in this terrible necropolis concerns the act of pausing with Warren before a certain half - obliterated sepulchre , and of throwing down some burdens which we seemed to have been carrying .
I now observed that I had with me an electric lantern and two spades , whilst my companion was supplied with a similar lantern and a portable telephone outfit .
No word was uttered , for the spot and the task seemed known to us ; and without delay we seized our spades and commenced to clear away the grass , weeds , and drifted earth from the flat , archaic mortuary .
After uncovering the entire surface , which consisted of three immense granite slabs , we stepped back some distance to survey the charnel scene ; and Warren appeared to make some mental calculations .
Then he returned to the sepulchre , and using his spade as a lever , sought to pry up the slab lying nearest to a stony ruin which may have been a monument in its day .
He did not succeed , and motioned to me to come to his assistance .
Finally our combined strength loosened the stone , which we raised and tipped to one side .
The removal of the slab revealed a black aperture , from which rushed an effluence of miasmal gases so nauseous that we started back in horror .
After an interval , however , we approached the pit again , and found the exhalations less unbearable .
Our lanterns disclosed the top of a flight of stone steps , dripping with some detestable ichor of the inner earth , and bordered by moist walls encrusted with nitre .
And now for the first time my memory records verbal discourse , Warren addressing me at length in his mellow tenor voice ; a voice singularly unperturbed by our awesome surroundings .
“ I ’m sorry to have to ask you to stay on the surface , ” he said , “ but it would be a crime to let anyone with your frail nerves go down there .
You ca n’t imagine , even from what you have read and from what I ’ve told you , the things I shall have to see and do .
It ’s fiendish work , Carter , and I doubt if any man without ironclad sensibilities could ever see it through and come up alive and sane .
I do n’t wish to offend you , and heaven knows I ’d be glad enough to have you with me ; but the responsibility is in a certain sense mine , and I could n’t drag a bundle of nerves like you down to probable death or madness .
I tell you , you ca n’t imagine what the thing is really like !
But I promise to keep you informed over the telephone of every move — you see I ’ve enough wire here to reach to the centre of the earth and back !
” I can still hear , in memory , those coolly spoken words ; and I can still remember my remonstrances .
I seemed desperately anxious to accompany my friend into those sepulchral depths , yet he proved inflexibly obdurate .
At one time he threatened to abandon the expedition if I remained insistent ; a threat which proved effective , since he alone held the key to the All this I can still remember , though I no longer know what manner ofwe sought .
After he had secured my reluctant acquiescence in his design , Warren picked up the reel of wire and adjusted the instruments .
At his nod I took one of the latter and seated myself upon an aged , discoloured gravestone close by the newly uncovered aperture .
Then he shook my hand , shouldered the coil of wire , and disappeared within that indescribable ossuary .
For a moment I kept sight of the glow of his lantern , and heard the rustle of the wire as he laid it down after him ; but the glow soon disappeared abruptly , as if a turn in the stone staircase had been encountered , and the sound died away almost as quickly .
I was alone , yet bound to the unknown depths by those magic strands whose insulated surface lay green beneath the struggling beams of that waning crescent moon .
In the lone silence of that hoary and deserted city of the dead , my mind conceived the most ghastly phantasies and illusions ; and the grotesque shrines and monoliths seemed to assume a hideous personality — a half - sentience .
Amorphous shadows seemed to lurk in the darker recesses of the weed - choked hollow and to flit as in some blasphemous ceremonial procession past the portals of the mouldering tombs in the hillside ; shadows which could not have been cast by that pallid , peering crescent moon .
I constantly consulted my watch by the light of my electric lantern , and listened with feverish anxiety at the receiver of the telephone ; but for more than a quarter of an hour heard nothing .
Then a faint clicking came from the instrument , and I called down to my friend in a tense voice .
Apprehensive as I was , I was nevertheless unprepared for the words which came up from that uncanny vault in accents more alarmed and quivering than any I had heard before from Harley Warren .
He who had so calmly left me a little while previously , now called from below in a shaky whisper more portentous than the loudest shriek : I could not answer .
Speechless , I could only wait .
Then came the frenzied tones again : This time my voice did not fail me , and I poured into the transmitter a flood of excited questions .
Terrified , I continued to repeat , “ Warren , what is it ?
What is it ?
” Once more came the voice of my friend , still hoarse with fear , and now apparently tinged with despair : Stillness again , save for my now incoherent torrent of shuddering inquiry .
Then the voice of Warren in a pitch of wilder consternation : I heard , yet was able only to repeat my frantic questions .
Around me were the tombs and the darkness and the shadows ; below me , some peril beyond the radius of the human imagination .
But my friend was in greater danger than I , and through my fear I felt a vague resentment that he should deem me capable of deserting him under such circumstances .
More clicking , and after a pause a piteous cry from Warren : Something in the boyish slang of my evidently stricken companion unleashed my faculties .
I formed and shouted a resolution , “ Warren , brace up !
I ’m coming down ! ”
But at this offer the tone of my auditor changed to a scream of utter despair :
The tone changed again , this time acquiring a softer quality , as of hopeless resignation .
Yet it remained tense through anxiety for me .
I tried not to heed him ; tried to break through the paralysis which held me , and to fulfil my vow to rush down to his aid .
But his next whisper found me still held inert in the chains of stark horror .
A pause , more clicking , then the faint voice of Warren :
Here Warren ’s whisper swelled into a cry ; a cry that gradually rose to a shriek fraught with all the horror of the ages —
After that was silence .
I know not how many interminable aeons I sat stupefied ; whispering , muttering , calling , screaming into that telephone .
Over and over again through those aeons I whispered and muttered , called , shouted , and screamed , “ Warren !
Warren !
Answer me — are you there ?
” And then there came to me the crowning horror of all — the unbelievable , unthinkable , almost unmentionable thing .
I have said that aeons seemed to elapse after Warren shrieked forth his last despairing warning , and that only my own cries now broke the hideous silence .
But after a while there was a further clicking in the receiver , and I strained my ears to listen .
Again I called down , “ Warren , are you there ? ” , and in answer heard thewhich has brought this cloud over my mind .
I do not try , gentlemen , to account for that — that voice — nor can I venture to describe it in detail , since the first words took away my consciousness and created a mental blank which reaches to the time of my awakening in the hospital .
Shall I say that the voice was deep ; hollow ; gelatinous ; remote ; unearthly ; inhuman ; disembodied ?
What shall I say ?
It was the end of my experience , and is the end of my story .
I heard it , and knew no more .
Heard it as I sat petrified in that unknown cemetery in the hollow , amidst the crumbling stones and the falling tombs , the rank vegetation and the miasmal vapours .
Heard it well up from the innermost depths of that damnable open sepulchre as I watched amorphous , necrophagous shadows dance beneath an accursed waning moon .
And this is what it said :
We ca n’t Handle the Truth
Unfortunately , the proverbial “ kill the messenger ” is alive and well in American business .
People who speak the truth are often labeled as a non -team player , a disrupter , a trouble maker or the current tag of being “ not a good fit ” .
…
It does n’t take much to see that the truth can get watered down , altered or hidden entirely inside a company , especially as it moves vertically up the ladder .
We may believe , at least in the short term , that this is the best way considering the risk , political correctness and social politeness but at what cost ?
What I have seen is truth is not valued much .
I ’m interested in creating improvement .
I thought people would be driven by data and possible strategies to improve .
But I have found that just is n’t often true .
So , from my experience , the strategy to improve means not distracting people with many of the truths .
Try to fix the system and convince others to fix the system as you can .
If some efforts are resisted try to adjust .
Sometimes try a different strategy to get improvement .
Sometimes I just drop trying to improve that particular thing .
There are usually so many options for improvement it is n’t tough to find plenty of others that may be more successfully tackled .
I am someone who find it frustrating that many do n’t seem interested in really understanding what the system is producing and where weaknesses exist .
But , at least for me , trying to have things work the way I want ( where an open exploration of the truth was the focus ) is n’t the priority .
I have figured it is better to give up on that desire and work within the reality that exists .
I ca n’t stop myself though from pointing out things far more often than people want .
I have no doubt it has annoyed people and gotten me in trouble .
But nothing that was n’t manageable , I just make things a bit more difficult for myself .
One , very visible , sign of people avoiding the truth is if people say very different things in meetings and outside of them .
It is amazing to me how much less likely it is for anything that could be seen as a complaint or criticism to be voiced in a meeting versus in the hallway .
It is n’t so surprising if you understand human psychology ( the tendency to blame those who voice a problem ) .
People figure this out and keep their mouth shut .
But to their friends they understand they can point out the problems and not be blamed ( so in the hallways , you get a much more honest view of what people think ) .
This is a bad sign .
If your organization trains people to ignore unpleasant truths it makes managing more difficult and results in poorer performance .
Related :
The difference between respect and disrespect is not avoiding avoiding criticism – Information Technology and Business Process Support – How to Improve – Find the Root Cause Instead of the Person to Blame – Information Technology and Management – Respect for People , Understanding Psychology – Bring Me Problems , and Solutions if You Have Them – Better Meetings – People are Our Most Important Asset
Nice try , BP .
Directly contradicting BP 's spin was BP's Chief Electronics Technician Mike Williams who was on the rig at the time of the explosion .
You might remember Williams .
He was the technician who appeared on CBS ' 60 Minutes a couple of weeks ago , in an interview by 60 Minutes ' Scott Pelley , and described the events leading up to the explosion ...
CBS 60 Minutes - Blowout : The Deepwater Horizon Disaster
Deepwater Horizon's Blowout , Part 1 : 60 Minutes ' Scott Pelley speaks to BP's Chief Electronics Technician Mike Williams , one of the survivors of the deadly Deepwater Horizon oil rig blast who was in a position to know what caused the disaster .
Williams was in charge of the rig 's computers and electrical systems .
[ Williams ] says the destruction of the Deepwater Horizon had been building for weeks in a series of mishaps .
The night of the disaster , he was in his workshop when he heard the rig 's engines suddenly run wild .
That was the moment that explosive gas was shooting across the decks , being sucked into the engines that powered the rig 's generators .
" I hear the engines revving .
The lights are glowing .
I 'm hearing the alarms .
I mean , they 're at a constant state now .
It 's just , ' Beep , beep , beep , beep , beep . '
It does n't stop .
But even that 's starting to get drowned out by the sound of the engine increasing in speed .
And my lights get so incredibly bright that they physically explode .
I 'm pushing my way back from the desk when my computer monitor exploded , " Williams told Pelley .
Deepwater Horizon 's Blowout , Part 2 : Scott Pelley investigates the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion that killed 11 , causing the ongoing oil leak in the waters off of Louisiana .
Chief Electronics Technician Mike Williams talks about his harrowing escape and what happened after he got off the burning rig .
Pelley also talked with Dr. Bob Bea , professor of engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
Williams ' survival may be critical to the investigation .
We took his story to Dr. Bob Bea , a professor of engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
Last week , the White House asked Bea to help analyze the Deepwater Horizon accident .
Bea investigated the Columbia Space Shuttle disaster for NASA and the Hurricane Katrina disaster for the National Science Foundation .
Bea 's voice never completely recovered from the weeks he spent in the flood in New Orleans .
But as the White House found , he 's among the nation 's best , having investigated more than 20 offshore rig disasters .
" Mr. Williams comes forward with these very detailed elements from his viewpoint on a rig .
That 's a brave and intelligent man , " Bea told Pelley .
" What he 's saying is very important to this investigation , you believe ? "
Pelley asked .
" It is , " the professor replied .
What strikes Bea is Williams ' description of the blowout preventer .
Williams says in a drilling accident four weeks before the explosion , the critical rubber gasket , called an " annular , " was damaged and pieces of it started coming out of the well .
" According to Williams , when parts of the annular start coming up on the deck someone from Transocean says , ‘ Look , do n't worry about it . '
What does that tell you ? "
Pelley asked .
" Houston we have a problem , " Bea replied .
Here 's why that 's so important : the annular is used to seal the well for pressure tests .
And those tests determine whether dangerous gas is seeping in .
" So if the annular is damaged , if I understand you correctly , you can't do the pressure tests in a reliable way ? "
Pelley asked .
" That 's correct .
You may get pressure test recordings , but because you 're leaking pressure , they are not reliable , " Bea explained .
CBS 60 Minutes full transcript is here .
Get the eKos widget code !
CBS has released more excerpts from its 60 Minutes interview with ousted late - night host Conan O'Brien , in which he says " it 's really not possible " that The Tonight Show was losing money during his six - month tenure .
He also said he does n't want fans to think he got " screwed . "
" The biggest thing people come up and say to me in gas stations and restaurants , I have so many people say this to me .
' Hey partner , you got screwed . '
I do n't – and I always tell them , ' No , I did n't .
I did n't get screwed .
I 'm – I 'm fine .
It just – it did n't work out . '
But I do n't want people thinking , you know , that I got screwed .
Because it just did n't work out . "
Click " read more " to see what he has to say about regrets and happiness .
On regrets : " I do n't regret anything .
I do n't regret one decision I made in that week and a half period .
I wish it had ended differently .
But , I 'm fine .
I do believe , and this might be my Catholic upbringing or Irish magical thinking , but I think things happen for a reason .
I really do .
And I think that this all happened for a reason . "
On being happy : " No , I have not resolved all my issues .
I am mostly very happy .
I love this tour , it 's the most thrilling thing I 've done in my career .
And so I 'm in a really great place in a lot of ways .
But I 'd be lying if I said I do n't – have my moments of everything , you know , anger , disappointment – frustration and just confusion . "
This page has moved to a edu.google.com/computer-science/educator-grants .
Wu -Tang Is For The Children By Dr. Frank
Several weeks ago we all bore witness to a truly moving experience during the Grammy's .
No , I 'm not talking about when Celine Dion stopped singing , I 'm talking about the heartfelt speech given by Old Dirty Bastard regarding the pain he felt about not winning the best rap performance .
" Wu - Tang is for the children , " Old Dirty announced during the show .
While there are those who say nay to Wu - Tang 's educational value , I 've done an extensive study to demonstrate that Wu - Tang really is for the children .
Just some of my findings : Wu - Tang pay massive props to women :
It 's true , despite the fact that the Wu - Tang Clan consists of nine men , ODB went out of his way to dedicate three of the songs on Wu - Tang Forever to " all you b*tches . "
Wu - Tang teaches acceptable social practices :
The beginning of " The City " demonstrates that smoking marijuana around cops is generally not an accepted practice .
" A Better Tomorrow " tells the children that you can't " party your life away . "
Wu - Tang delivers fashion tips : Method Man protects children against bad hair days by warning that herb can get your " wig fried like a bad perm . "
Wu - Tang is a good history lesson :
It 's true .
After listening to songs like " Reunited " and " Triumph , " kids will be looking up the likes of Caligula , Osiris , and Socrates in their encyclopedias .
Wu - Tang does what no algebra teacher has ever done :
They teach the children of the world to use mathematics as a tool .
There are many more incidents of educational Wu - Tang , but it is my sincere hope that upon reading this article and see Wu - Tang for what they truly are : an educational supplement .
Who knows , maybe listening to the Clan could boost your SAT score 100 points .
The next time that someone tells you that Wu - Tang is for the children , know that they speak the truth .
Back to Issue 12
Read more in this debate : media guru , Clay Shirky , responds to Morozov ’s criticisms and defends the web as a positive force for democracy .
Morozov replies to Shirky here .
Hear more : Evgeny Morozov speaks at Demos on the subject : “ Is the internet really changing politics ? ” , and Prospect ’s Tom Chatfield interviews Morozov here .
My homeland of Belarus is an unlikely place for an internet revolution .
The country , controlled by authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko since 1994 , was once described by Condoleezza Rice as “ the last outpost of tyranny in Europe . ”
Its last presidential election in March 2006 was followed by a short - lived and unsuccessful revolution .
The initial protests were brutally suppressed .
But where public rallies could n’t succeed , protesters turned to more creative forms of insurgency : flash mobs .
In a flash mob , social media or email is used to assemble a group of people in a public place , who then perform together a brief , often surreal action .
Some young Belarusians used the blogging service LiveJournal to organise a series of events in Minsk with subtle anti-government messages .
In a typical flash mob , the youngsters smiled , read newspapers or ate ice - cream .
There was nothing openly political but the subtext was : “ It ’s better to lick ice - cream than the president ’s ass ! ”
The security services made many arrests , but their actions were captured in photos that were posted on LiveJournal and on photo - sharing websites like Flickr .
Western bloggers and then traditional media picked up the news , drawing attention to the harsh crackdown .
Details of this rebellion have since been celebrated by a cadre of mostly western thinkers who believe that digital activism can help to topple authoritarian regimes .
Belarusian flash mobs are invoked to illustrate how a new generation of decentralised protesters , armed only with technology , can oppose the state in ways unthought of in 1968 or 1989 .
But these digital enthusiasts rarely tell you what happened next .
Enthusiasm for the idea of digital revolution abounds .
In October , I was invited to testify to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe in Washington DC — a hotchpotch of US congressmen , diplomats and military officials .
The group was holding a hearing titled : “ Twitter Against Tyrants : New Media in Authoritarian Regimes . ”
I would once have happily accepted the premise , but recently my thinking has changed .
From 2006 - 08
I worked on western - funded internet projects in the former Soviet Union — most with a “ let ’s - promote - democracy - through - blogs ” angle .
But last year I quit .
Our …
18723311765f75a3e04f8c59.82806021
Kevin Trudeau is a familiar face on TV .
He appears on a variety of infomercials – all targeting the sale of his various products .
He works under the banner of ‘ Mega Systems International Inc . ’
Kevin Trudeau blatantly breaks advertising laws , and openly promotes a host of sub - standard products .
‘ Mega Memory System ’ , ‘ Hair Farming ’ , ‘ Addiction Breaking System ’ , ‘ Eden ’s Secret ’ , ‘ Action Reading System ’ , and ‘ The Mega Reading System ’ , are amongst his worst scams .
This crafty conman is very aware that people change channels to avoid watching commercials .
So he ’s designed all his infomercials like genuine programmes .
You can see him “ interviewing ” people about the products and the effects .
He tries to dupe viewers into believing that the interviewed person is an expert , whereas in reality they are actors paid to flatter his products .
FTC has slapped a case against Kevin Trudeau to counter his fraudulent advertisements .
Because of Kevin Trudeau and his misleading ads , it is currently mandatory for all info commercials to display a disclaimer .
But since then , Kevin Trudeau has become synonymous with lies , false promises , deception , fraudulent advertising , and intentional misleading of the public .
Since 1988 , financial trouble has haunted Kevin Trudeau .
But no matter how many set - backs he faces , this seasoned scam - guru , resurfaces with a new product to sell , and new scam to pull .
Despite the FTCs determination to root out Kevin Trudeau and his scams , it is proving a difficult task .
This master of scams , constantly finds new and innovative methods of luring you into parting with your money ...
The Federal Trade Commission has charged Kevin a fine of $ 500,000 in consumer redress .
He is also banned from making any type of claims about his products to the public .
Kevin Trudeau and his company have been ordered to show proof of working , for all products and programmes they wish to sell .
As of now , Kevin Trudeau has been banned from making any kind of claims about his products .
He needs to back all his claims with scientific evidence , before the FTC approves of them .
Sometime back , he had enticed people into buying a “ cure for cancer ” , and sold them a dubious Corus calcium product .
He had similarly proclaimed that his analgesic ‘ Biotape ’ , would cure all chronic aches and pains .
Today , Kevin Trudeau is paying for his frauds .
He has been ordered to pay up $ 500,000 in cash , and also transfer ownership of his palatial residential property in California .
Kevin also needs to pay $ 2 million as monetary compensation for all his scams ...
We do n’t know about you , and all of us at ScamReview will surely keep our distance from this foxy scam - guru ...
" We want to make it cool again " for women to pursue careers in finance and other quantitative fields , President Obama reportedly told Valerie Jarrett before this week 's Women In Finance symposium .
But what 's cooler than getting hit on constantly ?
Advertisement
That anecdote came from a New York Times online column by noted banker - turned - bestselling author William D. Cohan , who cobbled together the usual shocking statistics about the paucity of women in top finance jobs , as well as the recent developments —
Treasury 's symposium ( in which even Geithner got in on the fun ) , and the pair of recent lawsuits .
Advertisement
By way of reference , Cohan cites a chapter in his book The Last Tycoons : The Secret History of Lazard Freres & Co , about the role of women at that firm , and helpfully included a pdf .
Consider the following gems .
This one is about the first woman banker at Lazard , Mina Gerowin :
After Gerowin had been at Lazard for a few years [ in the mid-1980s ] , the firm decided to hire a second woman banker ... There was a partners ' meeting where the subject of hiring her came up .
Jim Glanville spoke up at the meeting .
" Why are we firing Mina ? " he said .
" She 's getting the hang of it .
The work seems okay .
I do n't understand why you 're firing her for some unknown . "
Another partner corrected Glanville 's misimpression of what was going on .
" So someone finally said , ‘ We 're not firing Mina , ' " Gerowin recalled being told after the meeting .
" This would be a second woman .
And Glanville 's answer was , ‘ I thought the [ Equal Employment Opportunity Act ] meant we only had to have one . '
This should set the tone for you . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Other women are described in the chapter as being told things by senior staff like , " I do n't understand why a girl like you is doing this .
You 're a beautiful girl .
Why do n't you just get married ? " and , to a pregnant woman , " Why do n't you just go home and do what you do best and have your baby ? "
And that was relatively pleasant , as behavior went .
See this tale of another pioneering women at Lazard :
Finally , in 1987 , she was named a partner at age fifty - two .
One of her partners explained why , in his opinion , LaMarche received this special treatment .
" Basically she came back to her desk one day , " he said , " and I understand there was a turd in a Baggie in her desk . "
Advertisement
But mostly , this chapter is about sex .
Sex the chairman had with his mistress ; sex a senior partner may or may not have had with Shirley MacLaine ; rumored " sex " of the drugged , gang rape variety with a junior employee ; attempted sex with that first woman banker in the elevator ( firmly denied ) ; sex , desired and sometimes undertaken , with a young woman named Katie Bohner , whom Cohan describes as " athletic , tall , and striking , with long blond hair and long , muscular legs . "
Bohner 's hotness , Cohan says , was such that women 's " progress quickly came to a complete halt in the aftermath of [ her ] hiring . "
( After a series of scandals and affairs , real and imagined , Bohner left the firm .
After several career cycles , she is currently a Buddhist nun , has a YouTube channel , and was said to be dating the CEO of Google . )
Advertisement
All this is a bit like the fixation with private jet romps and other excesses of the boom , which functioned as a more fun , more easily sold way to talk about Wall Street excess — told in a disapproving tone , of course , but also a pleasurably salacious one .
And just as the wild spending of Wall Street barons was a visible and titillating indication of something structurally wrong , the behavior described above is both entirely germane to women 's predicament on Wall Street ( hostile environment , anyone ? ) , and a juicier distraction from the dry particulars of maternity leave and project allocation .
Such a focus both describes the fact that women are primarily sexual objects , as well as perpetuates it .
But I digress .
This was twenty years ago .
Surely the world has changed .
Surely women have a role on Wall Street beyond simply breaking up the monotony with a little suggestion of sexuality .
But you know , I also read this interview on Vanity Fair 's web site today with Erin Burnett .
And I know was trying terribly hard to be tongue - in - cheek .
And I know she is on television and Tom Shales taught me that it 's a visual medium .
But still .
There was this , the opener :
Erin Burnett has a face that 's made for high - definition .
The first time I saw her , she was filling in as a guest anchor on NBC's Today , and the sight of her in HD nearly gave me an aneurysm .
My wife , sitting next to me , was equally transfixed by Burnett 's flawless complexion and piercing blue eyes .
" Jesus Christ she 's hot , " she muttered , which is not something she usually remarks about TV anchor people .
Advertisement
Well , as long as his wife agrees , it 's not sexist .
And then there was this :
Burnett , unlike the vast majority of her news channel peers , somehow manages to look more attractive under high - res scrutiny .
Not surprisingly , the 33 - year - old wunderkind is n't lacking for gigs .
Advertisement
And this :
With the economy still so confusing and scary , and an interview with Erin Burnett almost guaranteed to generate major Web traffic ( especially if I include the words " Erin Burnett nude " , which is probably the Google search that brought a few of you suckers here ) , I called Burnett to ask her about the financial issues of the day .
Advertisement
I see how you did that !
Ironic distance .
But okay , the interviewer wanted to talk about the financial issues of the day .
There was some talk of whether Burnett is too cozy with her sources ( what a missed opportunity to game the SEO by using a sexier metaphor of proximity ) , and on whether we should soak the rich .
But the real good questions were saved for the end : " On Hardball , Chris Matthews called you ' beautiful ' and ' a knockout '...
Just tell me this , how many times has he called you into his office and he was n't wearing pants ? "
And " Rush Limbaugh has a little crush on you too , right ? "
And " Are you constantly being hit on by hedge - fund managers and brokers ? "
At least no one is really pretending that there 's been any progress .
CNBC's Erin Burnett Does n't Think All Rich People Are Evil [ VF ]
Does Wall Street Need An Estrogen Injection ? [ NYT ]
Advertisement
Related : Tim Geithner Is Theoretically In Favor Of Women Running Wall Street
Three Women Sue Bank Of America And Merrill Lynch For Gender Discrimination
Wall Street 's Mommy Track Is The Kiss Of Career Death .
ECB Buying Up Greek Bonds German Central Bankers Suspect French Intrigue
The European Central Bank has been buying up Greek bonds by the bucketload , even though Athens is already getting money from an EU rescue fund .
German central bankers suspect a French plot behind the massive buy - up -- after all , it gives French banks the perfect opportunity to get rid of their Greek assets .
Von Wolfgang Reuter
Prodrive and Aston Martin chairman David Richards will team up with Rowan Atkinson to race an Aston Martin Vantage GT4 at the second round of the Aston Martin British GT4 Challenge at Silverstone on May 22 .
Richards , who won the World Rally Championship in 1981 as a co-driver , has been eager to get behind the wheel of Aston Martin 's latest customer race car .
" I raced an old DB3S at Goodwood and while I really enjoyed it , my wife was n't too happy as the car had little in the way of modern safety features , " said Richards .
" When we launched the new GT4 Challenge series this year , I thought it would be a great opportunity to go racing in something much safer . "
It was Richards ' idea to introduce the new Aston Martin British GT4 Challenge as a place for owners of the Vantage GT4 and N24 to compete on a level playing field .
" After testing the new car and finding out how much fun it is to drive , all I needed was a partner , as there was no way I was going to survive two hours behind the wheel on my own , " he said .
" I was speaking to Rowan recently , who has raced Astons in the past , and he was up for the challenge , so we thought we would give it a go together . "
Atkinson has yet to drive the Vantage GT4 , although a joint test session for the pair is planned on Friday May 21 at Silverstone .
They will be among an expected grid of 15 cars at the Silverstone race , which takes place the next day and is the second of the six round series , which commenced at Snetterton in April .
If you want the fastest average broadband speed in the world , do n't move to Japan .
Instead , buckle up your Birkenstocks and pile into the VW Bus , because it 's time for a road trip to Berkeley , California , home of the fastest average Internet speeds on earth .
This nugget of data comes courtesy of the most recent State of the Internet report from Akamai Technologies , which collects and analyzes a unique data set of worldwide speeds and IP address usage .
When all of the company 's speed data was sorted by city , three US locations top the list before South Korea and Japan begin to dominate .
Those three spots are Berkeley ( average speed : 18.7 Mbps ) , Chapel Hill , North Carolina ( average speed : 17.5 Mbps ) , and Stanford , California ( average speed : 17.0 Mbps ) .
The next US city on the list is Durham , North Carolina ( average speed : 13.6 Mbps ) in eighth place , followed by Ithaca , New York ; Ann Arbor , Michigan ; College Station , Texas ; Urbana , Illinois ; Cambridge , Massachusetts ; University Park , Pennsylvania ; and East Lansing , Michigan .
If you 're not from the US , you might not see the pattern : each of these cities houses a major research university .
Akamai obtained these results by filtering out all cities with less than 50,000 unique IP addresses , to make sure that the averages were n't affected by outlying small cities .
The result was that " so - called ' college towns ' are some of the best connected in the United States . "
As someone who lived in Chapel Hill for years and spent plenty of time in Durham , this result raised a huge and obvious question : are these high speeds truly representative of what home users in those communities can purchase , or are they largely a result of on - campus high - speed access from Duke and UNC - Chapel Hill ?
( My guess would be the latter , especially in Durham . )
The college town advantage
Akamai had the same question , fortunately .
Their answer : " However , what this likely represents is the extremely high speed connections these university / college campuses have to the Internet , as opposed to particularly high - speed consumer broadband services available to local residents .
( However , it may also be the case that the speed of local consumer broadband offerings is potentially higher than average . ) "
Regular readers may recall that last week we looked into the claim by Verizon CEO Ivan Seidenberg that US broadband was number one in the world .
Akamai 's data , showing that these top US cities beat out anything in Japan , south Korea , and Europe , would seem evidence for that assertion .
But consider Akamai 's explanation ; if universities are actually the drivers of these high speeds , which are not then available to community residents , they do n't say much about the state of US consumer broadband at all .
Indeed , when you filter the list to exclude US towns with a major college in the middle of them , every US city on the list goes away .
This also applies to other countries , of course ; Norway 's top entry on the list is Trondheim ( average speed : 10.6 Mbps ) , home to the Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
The UK 's top entry is Oxford .
South Korea 's top city , Masan , also has a couple of colleges .
The data , then , is of limited use if we care about arguing over consumer broadband and where it 's best .
But it does remind us of one thing : around the world , if you want fast Internet , it 's good to be a student .
An already tumultuous day took a terrifying turn in afternoon trading on Thursday , as several major U.S. indexes lost multiple percentage points in a matter of minutes before reclaiming big chunks of the ground lost .
At 2:40 on Thursday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down about 415 points , putting it on pace for one of its worst days of the year .
But the worst was yet to come ; by 2:47 , just seven minutes later , the Dow had plummeted another 583 points , putting it down nearly 1,000 points for the day .
In the next ten minutes , the Dow jumped more than 600 points ; by 2:57 it was down “ only ” 388 points on the day .
The steep decline immediately sparked speculation on Wall Street .
Anxiety had been building over the deteriorating situation in Greece , but there seemed to be more at work behind the sudden plunge ( see Six ETFs To Watch As The Greek Drama Unfolds ) .
Traders immediately suspected that a market glitch had contributed to the severe dip and subsequent bounce , theorizing that high - frequency trading firms , which account for about two thirds of total trading volume , had played a part in the chaos .
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission said they were working with other regulators to review “ unusual trading activity . ”
Exchanges also said they were looking for trade glitches and considering canceling certain trades .
News that several stocks , including Accenture and Boston Beer Co. had momentarily lost nearly all of their market value–trading for just a penny–all but confirmed suspicions that something went seriously wrong behind the scenes on Thursday .
While the sudden plunge of these stocks was indeed bizarre , perhaps more interesting was the behavior of several ETFs during Thursday trading .
Below , we present ten charts that tell a story of one of the wildest days ever on Wall Street ( for more ETF insights , sign up for our free ETF newsletter ) :
1. iShares Russell 1000 Growth Index Fund ( IWF )
Want to see $ 11 billion disappear in a matter of seconds ?
Take a look at the chart below ; IWF briefly traded for a penny yesterday .
Thursday Open : $ 51.42
Thursday Low : $ 0.01
Thursday Close : $ 50.11
2. iShares Dow Jones Select Dividend Index Fund ( DVY )
DVY has assets of about $ 4.1 billion .
On Thursday this ETF plunged about 63 % intraday , before climbing 166 % from its intraday low .
Thursday Open : $ 46.50
Thursday Low : $ 17.00
Thursday Close : $ 45.21
3. iShares S&P MidCap 400 Index Fund ( IJH )
This popular mid cap ETF did n’t see its $ 7.5 billion become completely worthless , but it did lose about 84 % of its value at one point on Thursday .
IJH then gained nearly 500 % , rising from about $ 13 to close above $ 77 .
Thursday Open : $ 79.76
Thursday Low : $ 13.01
Thursday Close : $ 77.50
4. iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Index Fund ( IJR )
This small cap ETF , which has about $ 6.4 billion in assets , lost more than half of its value on Thursday .
Thursday Open : $ 61.21
Thursday Low : $ 27.32
Thursday Close : $ 59.32
5. iShares S&P 500 Index Fund ( IVV )
A 25 % drop in the S&P 500 ETF seems impossible ( or a certain sign of the apocalypse ) , but it happened in Thursday ’s trading ; IVV lost 24.2 % before spiking to finish the day down about 3 % .
Thursday Open : $ 116.64
Thursday Low : $ 88.42
Thursday Close : $ 113.20
6. iShares S&P 500 Growth Index Fund ( IVW )
One of the most bizarre cases on Thursday was the $ 5.3 billion IVW , which became a penny ETF temporarily on Thursday .
Thursday Open : $ 59.19
Thursday Low : $ 0.10
Thursday Close : $ 57.67
7. iShares Russell 1000 Value Index Fund ( IWD )
Thursday Open : $ 61.16
Thursday Low : $ 0.08
Thursday Close : $ 59.27
8. iShares Russell Midcap Index Fund ( IWR )
This mid cap ETF also lost more than 99 % of its value on Thursday , bottoming out at 13 cents during the market glitch .
Thursday Open : $ 90.06
Thursday Low : $ 0.13
Thursday Close : $ 87.60
9. Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF ( VTI )
It was n’t just iShares ETFs that sunk on Thursday ; this This mid cap ETF also lost more than 99 % of its value on Thursday , bottoming out at 13 cents during the market glitch .
Thursday Open : $ 59.46
Thursday Low : $ 0.15
Thursday Close : $ 57.71
10 . Vanguard Growth ETF ( VUG )
This “ growth ” ETF turned in an impressive shrinking performance on Thursday ; VUG ’s intraday low was just 8 cents .
Thursday Open : $ 55.02
Thursday Low : $ 0.08
Thursday Close : $ 53.50
Disclosure : No positions at time of writing .
Did you feel that ?
Or did the newest paradigm shift in the NBA blow right past you without your picking up the vibration ?
These movements can be stealthy , after all .
Sometimes they arrive in the subtle form of a new contract clause , an opt - out or no - trade sentence that sets the tone for future superstar negotiations .
Sometimes it 's simply the height of a money stack that either changes things or changes the way people look at those things .
And then , every once in a while , a person like Dwyane Wade puts it right out there for everyone to see , hear and feel .
LeBron James and Dwyane Wade have played together before , in the Olympics and on All - Star teams .
Glenn James / NBAE / Getty Images
So did you feel it ?
Because Wade sure is n't trying to keep the latest shift a secret .
Wade 's recent words to the Chicago Tribune , in fact , were as innocuous - sounding as they were enormous .
He described the new power structure in a few casual sentences , making the whole thing seem no more significant than a coffee klatch with some buddies at the local Java Joint .
But make no mistake : When Wade talks about sitting down with LeBron James and Joe Johnson ( and perhaps Chris Bosh ) to discuss free agency and where each of them will wind up playing , he is absolutely suggesting that a tiny handful of elite players could conspire -- that 's the familiar use of the word , not the legal -- to determine the future direction of the league .
Moreover , Wade has no problem saying exactly that .
Read again his precise words .
As Wade told the Tribune 's Fred Mitchell , " You do n't know what guys are thinking and where they 're going .
I think we 'll all sit down , and before one of us makes a decision , all of us will have spoken to each other and [ listened to the ] thinking . "
The kicker ?
" A lot of decisions [ will be based on ] what other players are willing to do and what other guys want to do .
So it 's not just a ' me ' situation here .
We all have to look and see what each other is thinking . "
Wow .
That 's your modern - era power grab , that is .
That 's the top handful of free agents in a supposedly open marketplace conferring about what each of them will do , which is essentially the same as those free agents pooling their bargaining power to leverage decisions around the NBA .
If the owners did that outside of a collective bargaining session , they'd have a grievance slapped on their noggins within the hour .
In this case , it 's apparently perfectly acceptable .
Heck , it even has its roots in a time - honored act .
Be afraid , NBA owners .
Be very , very afraid .
Call Off the Gentrification !
Zombie are Coming to Brooklyn
There are n’t many weekends that I look forward to as much as Memorial Day Weekend – hot dogs , cold beers , and hunting hipster zombies on the streets of Brooklyn .
They ’ve been askin ’ for it , with their skinny jeans and ironic facial hair .
And now they ’re undead and marching to McCarren Park on Sunday ( probably smoking clove cigarettes as they tear other , less cool , Brooklynites to pieces ) .
My intern , Ben is loading the van as I type this ( he will later be used as bait to woo attractive girl zombies sporting Betty bangs and tattoos of Mighty Mouse – if he does n’t return with me both of us will be okay ) .
After we swing by the opening show of George Romero ’s Survival of the Dead it ’s off to the big city ; first stop is a barbeque at my Aunt Juanita ’s ; then we go take care of some zombies ; and finally … a Broadway show .
Yep , I love Memorial Day .
The 4th Annual NYC Zombie Crawl is This Sunday , May 30th : http://nyczombiecrawl.com/
This entry was posted on Friday , May 28th , 2010 at 4:02 pm .
File under general .
Responses are currently closed , but you can trackback from your own site .
The peace profiteer
Ezio Testa , an Italian executive , built a lucrative business in the late 1990s helping to supply U.N. peacekeepers with the food rations , body armor , and other essentials they need to sustain themselves in the world ’s nastiest conflict zones .
But Testa held an improper edge over his competitors , according to an internal U.N. investigation :
He was paying for inside information about upcoming contracts .
The details of Testa ’s murky empire are brought to light in a previously unreported December 2008 letter , marked " strictly confidential " and sent by an internal U.N. watchdog , the U.N. Procurement Task Force , to the lawyers of U.S. security contractor Armor Holdings .
The letter , obtained by Turtle Bay , spells out how Testa paid for illegal information from a U.N. procurement officer , Alexander Yakovlev , on behalf of a former executive at Armor Holdings .
Testa and Yakovlev then " entered into a corrupt agreement to steer a valuable United Nations contract to Armor Holdings in exchange for promises of sums of money to be paid to the individual participants , " the letter concludes .
Such confidential information subsequently helped Armor Holdings win a contract for bullet - proof vests for a U.N. peacekeeping mission .
What emerges is a picture of a man whose career flourished in the shadows of the U.N. system as he acted as a fixer for multinational corporations seeking access to contracts for servicing the U.N. ’s expanding peacekeeping empire .
U.N. investigators from the task force had previously linked Testa to Eurest Support Services International ( ESS ) , a subsidiary of the world ’s largest food caterer , Compass Group , which improperly secured contracts for more than $ 100 million for food and other supplies .
His allegedly illicit activities were first reported in a 2005 series by Fox News .
And Testa ’s company was later blacklisted by the United Nations .
Neither Testa , IHC , or ESS were prosecuted for their alleged role in the food - ration scheme .
But ESS ’s parent company , Compass Group , settled a lawsuit from two competitors who claimed they ’d lost their bids because of fraudulent behavior .
Compass paid more than $ 70 million to the two companies , but did not accept liability .
The U.N. letter , however , discloses new details , most importantly by connecting Testa and Yakovlev directly to a wide - ranging criminal investigation by the U.S. Justice Department into bid-rigging by former officials at Armor Holdings and other security contractors .
Testa ’s contact at Armor Holdings was Richard Bistrong , a former senior official who was charged in January with paying bribes to officials in the Netherlands and in the United Nations to secure insider information on contracts for bullet - proof vests .
Yakovlev pleaded guilty in 2005 to unrelated federal charges that he received about $ 1 million in bribes for insider information from companies seeking U.N. contracts .
Both men ’s cases have been reported previously , Bistrong ’s by the New York Times last month .
But this is the first time that Bistrong , Testa , and Yakovlev have all been linked .
Testa declined to comment on the case , saying he had no idea that he was tied to the Bistrong case through his alleged links to Armor Holdings .
" I am unaware of what you are telling me , " he said before hanging up .
A spokeswoman for the Justice Department , Laura Sweeney , declined to say whether Testa himself was the target of a federal criminal investigation .
Becoming a player
Testa first came on the scene in 1996 , heading the firm IHC Services Inc. , which offered consulting services to large multinationals looking to tap into the billions of dollars the United Nations spends each year to service its 18 peacekeeping missions .
On his personal website , Testa , who obtained U.S. citizenship in 2004 , describes himself as an expert in " cost control . "
A longer online profile recounts his career as a senior executive at Torno Construction , one of Europe ’s largest construction firms .
He has built oil pipelines between Turkey and Iraq , assisted U.N. peacekeeping missions in Africa , and helped with preparations for Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2002 .
" We put 18,000 troops in the middle of the Kuwaiti desert where there was nothing but sand … and in 96 days they had everything . "
Testa established himself as a player into the late 1990s , appointing one of the U.N. ’s best - known diplomats , Giandomenico Picco , as chairman of the IHC board of directors , a position he held even as he continued to serve as a top U.N. official .
Testa also cultivated personal relationships with members of an obscure community of U.N. procurement officers .
Prizing secrecy , Testa required companies he represented to sign confidentiality agreements that prohibited them from acknowledging they had ever hired him , according to the U.N. task force ’s 2006 report .
In 1998 , Testa met Yakovlev , a U.N. procurement officer from Russia , and offered to help him start up his own business in Moscow .
Yakovlev hoped his company would market a product called Oilgater , which uses germs to erode grease and oil .
Before long , Yakovlev , still a U.N. procurement officer despite his private business activities on the side , furnished Testa and his clients with internal documents that helped them secure U.N. business , according to the letter and the 2006 report .
Testa gave Yakovlev a mobile telephone and paid the bill .
In May 2000 , Testa hired Yakovlev ’s son Dmitry at IHC as a low - level administrative assistant .
How Testa and Yakovlev first got involved with Bistrong is unclear , but the letter accuses Testa of providing confidential information to representatives of Supercraft ( Europe ) Ltd. , a London - based subsidiary of Armor Holdings , in exchange for about $ 200,000 in cash payments .
According to the letter , the firm ’s managing director sent Testa an email in May 2001 seeking " confidential and proprietary " information from a source inside the U.N. procurement department .
Four months later , Testa sent the managing director ’s boss , Bistrong , a copy of an internal U.N. memo with technical evaluation for an ongoing bid for bulletproof vests .
" This confidential information was furnished to Bistrong by Testa in an email instructing him to ‘ [ p ] lease destroy after reading , ’ " according to the letter .
A 2007 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Armor Holdings confirms that one of its subsidiaries hired Testa ’s company , IHC , to help prepare a bid proposal for the purchase of body armor for U.N. peacekeepers .
Yakovlev first became a target of a U.N. investigation into corruption in the oil for food program in Iraq .
In 2006 , the United Nation task force produced a report that spelled out how " Mr. Yakovlev and Mr. Testa engaged in corrupt practices involving important United Nations business and procurement exercises . "
Yakovlev resigned from the United Nations in June 2005 and was subsequently arrested and pleaded guilty for fraud and money laundering in the southern district court in Manhattan ( though he was never sentenced and remains free ) .
Also as a result of that investigation , Testa ’s company was suspended from the U.N. list of approved contractors .
John Suttle , a spokesman for BAE Systems , which bought Armor Holdings in July 2007 , said that Armor severed relations with IHC at that time .
Suttle said the company dismissed officials implicated in the alleged scheme after it conducted its own investigation into the U.N. ’s findings .
He said his company has cooperated fully with U.N. and federal investigators and that the U.N. ultimately withdrew the letter to reflect that cooperation .
As part of his plea agreement , Yakovlev agreed to cooperate with the prosecution , according to his lawyer Arkady Bukh .
Bukh said he did not believe Yakovlev was a target of the ongoing federal investigation into Bistrong , but he said he could neither admit nor deny that his client was cooperating with federal investigators in that case .
Bistrong ’s lawyer , Brady Toensing , declined to comment .
Another compounding detail of the case comes from Bistrong ’s personal entanglements .
He was married to a former U.S. ambassador at the United Nations , Nancy Soderberg , who oversaw U.N. peacekeeping operations for the United States .
But the alleged crimes occurred after Soderberg , who served under the Clinton administration , had left the United Nations .
And she has not been linked to the case .
They have since divorced .
Investigation issues at the U.N .
In addition to flagging serious concerns about the transparency of the U.N. procurement system in recent years , the case also raises questions about how the United Nations investigates incidents of internal corruption .
The investigation into Armor Holdings is one of scores of corruption probes conducted by the now - defunct U.N. procurement task force from 2006 until 2009 , when its mandate expired .
That task force specialized in white - collar criminal investigations , some of which have led to criminal investigation in U.S. courts .
While its mandate lasted , the task force faced intense criticism from the governments of Singapore and Russia , whose nationals were targeted by its investigations .
In December 2008 , Russia pressed for the barring of any task force members from being hired by the United Nations .
The U.N. leadership , meanwhile , blocked the hiring of the task force ’s chairman , Robert Appleton , last year on the grounds that there were no women or non-American candidates on the shortlist .
The expertise amassed from the task force was supposed to be incorporated into the investigations division in the U.N. ’s internal oversight office .
But the task force and most of its staff have left the United Nations , and the U.N. has been slow to hire new investigators , undercutting its capacity to police itself .
U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said that " all hiring of personnel has to comply with the guidelines that include steps to ensure that all hiring processes are fair and take into account a wide range of candidates . "
Super Mario Crossover
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Le jeu Mario Bros avec les personnages de jeu - video Link ( Zelda ) , Samus ( Metroid ) , Simon Belmont ( Castlevania ) , Bill ( Contra ) et Mario himself !
mario metroid super zelda
shlomif_tech
[ shlomif ]
Note : I discovered that the Planet Iron Man / Woman people are already planning some changes to the Planet , and will deal with my complaints here as part of this .
So I 'm not going to quit blogging on the Planet eventually , at least not yet .
I 'm still posting it as a general insight for people who wish to set up successful online communities .
I decided to quit Planet Perl Iron Man and I 'd like to tell you why and how I think it should be improved .
The reason I quit is because of the fact that if one does n't blog frequently enough , their status gets demoted ( possibly back to Paper Man always ) .
Now , while if I blog frequently enough I will increase my status which is motivating , demoting or even resetting the karma is demotivating .
This is the Carrot and stick method .
Now , I do n't want to feel obliged to blog in order to prevent my karma from being gone .
I used to blog about Perl and other topics because it was fun , not because I felt I had to .
As a result , the " stick " in this place is out - of - place .
I request that assuming the current system remains , my status be either kept as " unknown " or even that my blog be currently taken out of the Iron Man / Iron Woman aggregator .
Everyone should feel free to aggregate my Perl feed ( or any of my other feeds as you see fit ) , without asking me , but I do n't wish to play the carrot and stick status game .
So how to improve it ?
Simple - avoid the stick .
Make the Planet Iron Man be a game of infinite karma , similar to Stack Overflow or Perl Monks .
On Stack Overflow for example , your karma never decreases .
If 2 people upvoted your comment or post and 6 people downvoted it ( for a total score of - 4 ) , you 'll still get 2 points .
Furthermore , your karma can grow indefinitely , and you also get other motivations like badges etc .
Perl Monks has a similar system with its Experience Points .
( I should note that I 'm not fanatically trying to improve my karma on either site , and my current status on both is very low , because I 'm not into being competitive in them , though I found both useful at times when I was seeking help . )
Perhaps we can make a similar program for a competitive planet , where people get points for every posts , every link from someone else 's post on the planet , every upvote on Reddit , Stumble Upon and other social bookmarking sites , get extra points for making , say , 3 posts in 7 days , earn badges etc. without ever needing to fear their karma being reduced .
I should note that I 've noticed other social sites being undermined ( at least temporarily ) by such " sticks " .
For example Advogato used to allow people to rate other people 's blogs ' quality from 0 to 10 .
Naturally , some people gave bad marks for some blogs which was demotivating .
Luckily , it was removed during an update .
On use .
perl.org you could specify people you dislike as " foes " in your user page , which ended up showing in them as " freaks " ( = haters ) .
Again , that 's demotivating .
There 's probably still a lot to be learnt about designing successful web communities , but I think that if you want people to do things because they enjoy it ( and / or you do n't intend to pay them ) , you should not demotivate them by threatening the use of " sticks " .
If you could take a pill to boost your concentration and mental stamina , would you do it ?
Around the country , thousands of college students are already answering " yes " to that question and are using prescription medications like Ritalin as study aids , and researchers say the demand for such " smart pills " is likely to grow .
Now , in a new essay , a group of neuroscientists and bioethicists is arguing that society should n't frown on such practices ; instead
the authors assert that “ we should welcome new methods of improving our brain function , ” and that doing it with pills is no more morally objectionable than eating right or getting a good night ’s sleep [ Chronicle of Higher Education ] .
Stimulants like Ritalin and Adderall are prescribed for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and are commonly used by people without a prescription to help them focus their attention , while a narcolepsy drug called Provigil is sometimes used by people trying to keep their brains alert and awake .
The new essay
cited a recent survey that found nearly 7 percent of students in U.S. universities have used prescription stimulants , and on some campuses , as many as a quarter of students have used the drugs for non-therapeutic purposes .
" It 's a felony , but it 's being done , " [ coauthor Martha ] Farah said [ Reuters ] .
In the essay , published in Nature [ subscription required ] , the authors argue that such usage is likely to become more routine over time .
As more effective brain - boosting pills are developed , demand for them is likely to grow among middle - aged people who want youthful memory powers and multitasking workers who need to keep track of multiple demands , said one commentary author , brain scientist Martha Farah ....
" Almost everybody is going to want to use it , " Farah said .
" I would be the first in line if safe and effective drugs were developed that trumped caffeine , " [ said ] another author , Michael Gazzaniga [ AP ] .
The authors say that scientists should begin to study the long - term effects of these drugs on healthy people , and investigate whether there 's a risk of addiction .
And while the essay is generally supportive of what it calls mental " enhancements , " the authors do suggest two possible downsides to making pharmaceuticals like Ritalin widely available : children could feel coerced into taking the drugs either directly or through peer pressure , the authors say , and the expense of such drugs might limit their use to people with higher incomes , which could heighten social inequalities .
Despite such attempts to balance benefits and risks ,
the commentary did n't impress Leigh Turner of the University of Minnesota Center for Bioethics .
" It 's a nice puff piece for selling medications for people who do n't have an illness of any kind , " Turner said [ AP ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Herbal Remedy Does n’t Help Kids With Attention Deficit Disorder
Image : flickr / thp365
Seriously , I havewhat this chick is talkin ' about , and neither does she .
Nor does the audience because as you can hear , their applause is sporadic at best .
For crissakes , she can't even pronounce the name " Chavez " correctly .
" Gold Stars & Cookies " ?!?
The f*ck is this , middle school ?
More Community Organizer Swipes .
I 'm sure folks making $ 30 k to actually improve this country from a grassroots level really appreciate being marginalized .
" Part - Time Senator " ?
Trick , how long did you keep your last Day Job ? " Nu-Cu- Lurrr " ?
Maybe Bush & Palin are right , and the rest of the free world just does n't understand basic enunciation .
Listen to the 0:30 - 0:45 second mark , and tell me she does n't sound more like your local neighborhood pipehead than a Presidential aspirant .
Despite what anyone says about Miss Sarah being " a threat to Liberals " , I can't see her as anything other than a gift - wrapped re-election victim for Obama in 2012 .
Of course , her fellow GOP 'ers will ensure she never makes it past primary season .
If she thought Katie Couric was tough , wait 'll she gets a load of Newt .
I 'm sure some of you are wondering " Well AB , if she 's no threat , and such a joke , why do you keep wasting valuable megabytes on her ? "
Honestly , it 's because I 'm intrigued by this lady 's effect on " Real Americans " .
I find the fact that anyone with half a brain is able to take her seriously both hilarious and downright frightening .
I think she embodies so much about what 's so wrong about so many people in this country .
Then again , we all know that everytime she shows up somewhere , she 's getting a check for a cool $ 100 k to spew this nonsense , which is free market capitalism at its best .
That 's what you call pimpin '
The Game .
And we all know you can't hate The Play - ette .
Read our special supplement celebrating 60 years of Electronics Weekly and looking ahead to the future of the industry .
Read the Electronics Weekly @ 60 supplement »
Read the first ever Electronics Weekly online : 7th September 1960 .
We 've scanned the very first edition so you can enjoy it .
Read the very first edition »
image is HTMLImageElement or HTMLCanvasElement .
repetition supports any of the following values : repeat ( default )
repeat-x
repeat-y
no -repeat
Image caption
The Danish company 's decision has been criticised in Greece
The world 's leading supplier of insulin for diabetics is withdrawing a state - of - the - art medication from Greece .
Novo Nordisk , a Danish company , objects to a government decree ordering a 25 % price cut in all medicines .
A campaign group has condemned the move as " brutal capitalist blackmail " .
More than 50,000 Greeks with diabetes use Novo Nordisk 's product , which is injected via an easy - to - use fountain pen-like device .
A spokesman for the Danish pharmaceutical company said it was withdrawing the pen injection product from the Greek market because the price cut would force its business in Greece to run at a loss .
The company was also concerned that the compulsory 25 % reduction would have a knock - on effect , because other countries use Greece as a key reference point for setting drug prices .
Novo Nordisk says it will continue to supply insulin in vials at the reduced price .
Insulin , a hormone normally released by the pancreas , helps control blood sugar levels .
' Insensitive '
Greece wants to slash its enormous medical bill as part of its effort to reduce the country 's crippling debt .
International pharmaceutical companies are owed billions in unpaid bills .
Novo Nordisk claims it is owed $ 36 m ( £ 24.9 m ) dollars by the Greek state .
Pavlos Panayotacos , whose 10 - year - old daughter Nephele has diabetes , has written to Novo Nordisk 's chairman to criticise the move .
" As an economist I realise the importance of making a profit , but healthcare is more than just the bottom line , " he wrote .
" As you well may know , Greece is presently in dire economic and social straits , and you could not have acted in a more insensitive manner at a more inopportune time . "
The Greek diabetes association was more robust , describing the Danes ' actions as " brutal blackmail " and " a violation of corporate social responsibility " .
The Danish chairman , Lars Sorensen , wrote to Mr Panayotacos stressing that it was " the irresponsible management of finances by the Greek government which puts both you and our company in this difficult position " .
People with diabetes in Greece have warned that some could die as a result of this action .
But a spokesman for Novo Nordisk said this issue was not about killing people .
By way of compensation , he said the company would make available another product , called Glucagen , free of charge .
Glucagen is administered to patients with very low blood sugar levels .
Psychopaths are known to be characterized by callousness , diminished capacity for remorse , and lack of empathy .
However , the exact cause of these personality traits is an area of scientific debate .
The results of a new study , reported in the May 2010 issue of Elsevier 's Cortex , show striking similarities between the mental impairments observed in psychopaths and those seen in patients with frontal lobe damage .
One previous explanation for psychopathic tendencies has been a reduced capacity to make inferences about the mental states of other people , an ability known as Theory of Mind ( ToM ) .
On the other hand , psychopaths are also known to be extremely good manipulators and deceivers , which would imply that they have good skills in inferring the knowledge , needs , intentions , and beliefs of other people .
Therefore , it has been suggested recently that ToM is made up of different aspects : a cognitive part , which requires inferences about knowledge and beliefs , and another part which requires the understanding of emotions .
Dr Simone Shamay - Tsoory , from the University of Haifa in Israel , along with colleagues from The Shalvata Mental Health Care Center and the Rambam Medical Center , tested the hypothesis that impairment in the emotional aspects of these abilities may account for psychopathic behaviour .
Earlier research from the same group had shown that patients with damage to the frontal lobes of the brain lack some of the emotional aspects of Theory of Mind , so they speculated that psychopathy may also be linked to frontal lobe dysfunction .
The emotional and cognitive aspects of Theory of Mind abilities were examined for participants in the new study , which consisted of a number of different groups : criminal offenders , who had been diagnosed as having antisocial personality disorder with highly psychopathic tendencies , patients with damage to the frontal lobes of the brain , patients with damage to other areas of the brain , and healthy control subjects .
The pattern of impairments in the psychopathic participants showed a remarkable resemblance to those in the participants with frontal lobe damage , suggesting that an underlying cause of the behavioural disturbances observed in psychopathy may be dysfunction in the frontal lobes .
Your browser seems to have a problem with our applet .
Google Summer of Code does n’t kick off for a few more days , but that has n’t stopped Siddharth Sharma and I from working on the KPart which our summer of code projects are based around , and any other KDE application can take advantage of .
zomg , it ’s allliiiiiive
As you can see , I ’m still using stock , and sometimes hackish ( KTodoList , I ’m looking at you ! ) applets , but those will all be rewritten in due time with actual Kontact applets .
These are there to just take up space .
As it is right now , there is no real API for applications to control what applets get placed in the containment by default .
You can specify a default layout in a plasma - $ app - appletsrc style file which will be loaded by default if no other config is found .
However , we ’re going to be taking this one or two ways :
ECMAscript !
Or as it is more widely known , javascript , is supported in plasma - desktop , allowing you to do some really cool things .
Aaron Seigo pointed us towards this , and its a path that at some point I think would be beneficial to go down .
Either an application could provide a default - applets.js , which would be auto - loaded by the part , if no config file is found , or some sort of extension to KParts : : ReadWritePart which allows us to load arbitrary JS .
The Javascript doohickies are nice , but dependencies may end up being a big issue with these sorts of things .
Only time will tell .
There are , of course , other options …
Other options !
How ’d you like that segue ?
Pretty snazzy .
Wow , it ’s late , I ’m being a dork …
Siddharth and Aleix Pol of KDevelop fame have an interesting idea for how to implement a plasma - based dashboard …
Basically , instead of letting the KPart handle widget launching and hiding , there should be a small API to add / Remove widgets to the containment .
At first I was against such an idea , as I did n’t see how it could be sanely done , but it has a few nice upshots :
The applets can be handled by the existing plugin infrastructure .
For example , KDevelop has a boatload of existing plugins .
Instead of having each plugin code also need to output a Plasma : : Applet . so file which can be loaded by the KPart , there would be a function which would return an Applet * or QWidget * which we could then pass to the kpart .
Siddharth will be manning that helm , and I can’t wait to see what comes of it .
Segue again
In the beginning of writing the KPart I took code from other shells all willy - nilly not really thinking about what I was using .
As it turns out , this was bad and led to much wailing and gnashing of teeth when I discovered that ( not surprisingly ) kdebase - workspace is not a valid runtime dependency for applications .
It also turns out that there is a lot of nice stuff in kdebase - workspace / libs , including the WidgetBrowser class , which is the browser we are currently using in the desktop and other shells .
Since this KPart will be existing in kdebase - runtime or something , we kinda ca n’t use it .
Which leads me to writing a KCM that acts as an Applet Browser !
Of course , this is mostly broken right now , and consumes me when I ’m not busy playing with all the wicked awesome stuff in trunk * stares at Activities *
More some other time !
Stuff is trucking along for SoC 2010 !!
Hopefully next time I write , I will have something to show for Kontact integration …
Hopefully after the Akonadi meeting , KDEPIM builds again 😉
You guys rock .
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Uncategorized
Tags : Facebook Posts , KDE , Kontact , PlanetFedora , PlanetKDE , Plasma , soc2010
SOME highlights from this week 's Economist / YouGov poll :
• Little has changed when it comes to the health - care reform bill .
Public opinion about the overall reform remains just about evenly divided , as it has for months .
More than twice as many Americans think that their care will worsen under the bill than say it will improve , and more than half still expect to pay more because of it .
• Barack Obama 's overall rating remains below 50 % .
In this week 's poll , 46 % approve of the way he is handling his job , while 47 % disapprove .
• When asked which party would do a better job handling the budget deficit , Americans divide fairly evenly : 35 % name the Democrats , 30 % the Republicans , and 35 % think they are about the same .
• When it comes to decreasing the deficit , cutting spending is a more popular approach than raising taxes , by a margin of 62 % to 5 % .
And here 's what the public is willing to cut :
• Foreign aid makes up less than 1 % of America 's total spending .
• Just over a third of Americans ( 39 % ) agree with Mr Obama 's decision to allow oil drilling to resume off the Atlantic Coast , the eastern Gulf Coast and north Alaska .
Four in ten would like to see more drilling , and one in five want no off - shore drilling .
• In general , Americans come down on the side of drilling for oil off the US coastline : 63 % favour increased drilling offshore , just 23 % oppose it .
Two in three believe increased offshore drilling would help the economy , while 39 % think it would help national security .
As for drilling 's impact on the environment , 35 % say it will make things worse .
About as many ( 36 % ) say it will have no impact .
• The Masters golf tournament starts tomorrow and while 83 % of golf fans ( and 59 % of all adults ) are happy to see Tiger Woods back on the PGA tour this season , only 57 % of fans ( and less than a third of all adults ) have a favourable view of the former champion .
Back in 2005 , a Gallup poll found that 85 % of Americans had a favourable view of Mr Woods .
• It 's interesting to note that while golf fans tend to be older and better off , golfing transcends party and ideology ; about the same percentage of Democrats as Republicans and liberals as conservatives follow the PGA .
Data links :
Our top - line numbers can be found here .
Our tracking graphs can be found here .
All of the data can be found here .
Last Updated on May 28 , 2020
Boy oh boy do we have a collection for you !
We have found some really amazing sans serif fonts that you should definitely add to your collection .
These fonts are completely free for commercial and personal use .
We hope you like them and find them useful .
We would love to hear you thoughts , so please comment below .
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
_____________________________________________________________________________
My Campaign Should Be On TV
My personal spin as a DM is to think of each individual gaming session as a television episode and have the overall arc of my campaign play like a television season .
Television shows such as Xena : Warrior Princess , Hercules and Legend of the Seeker have a genre similar to that of Dungeons & Dragons and can provide some insight and ideas into your own campaign .
Here are some basic elements to keep your campaigns fresh so you do n’t get “ canceled ” by your gaming group .
The Dungeon ’s Master team welcomes Skallawag into the fold .
Skallawag , Wimwick and Ameron have played D&D together for over 20 years .
Since Dungeon ’s Master launched , Skallawag has provided many insightful comments .
It took some coaxing , but we finally convinced him to write an article .
We hope that this is his first of many articles and that you find his perspective on D&D as helpful and insightful as we do .
Ratings
You need to appeal to your gaming group .
Your gaming sessions and overall campaign need to retain player interest .
You might have an awesome campaign idea or story arc , so get your players as excited .
Advertise and appeal to them , get their interest and tell them it ’s commercial free and they do n’t need to subscribe to cable .
Tone
Tone is key to keeping the game and genre fresh with you and your players .
You should strive to thrill the players each week and throw in a twist or two .
In addition you may want to add some humor ( really , have some fun with this , but do n’t go over the top ) .
Critical elements of success may include keeping your players on edge or keeping them engaged with a continuing sense of lurking danger .
Enjoy and evolve this part of your campaign , and use this to strengthen and facilitate your role playing elements .
Gaming Sessions
Each gaming session , the party will need to use their powers , abilities and intellect to solve mysteries , resolve conflicts and even battle evil .
At the same time the party will evolve as heroes , explore the meanings of their powers , continue to follow and strengthen relationships .
Constantly bring in new elements each session to keep it fresh for your players and add some twists to keep it interesting .
Have a good balance of role playing and encounters each week so that you can appeal to the all of your players .
Some players like to role dice while others like to role play – have your session appeal to both .
Characters and Character Development
Your players are the stars and treat them that way .
Like a television show , there are some weeks where episodes focus on a specific characters and the rest of the party plays more supporting roles .
Other weeks , episodes focus on the whole group .
Make sure you spread the love , and evolve all of your player ’s characters , including bringing in characters or entities from their past ( the guest appearances ) or touching on some items from their back stories .
Recurring characters and villains are good tools to bring in to tie your campaign together ( just think of Callisto from Xena ) .
Overall Story Arc
While your players and their own personal story arcs .
continue through the life of your campaign , do n’t continually let your supporting characters and villains drive the story and your campaign wo n’t be fun if you ’re only sending the party on quests time and time again .
Your players are the stars and you want them to be the driver and come back to your gaming sessions .
Have your players drive your story , but do n’t be scared to railroad your players using any of the above elements .
Think of Gabrielle from Xena and her evolution from farm girl to warrior – the story was really about her .
Always try to think outside of the box .
Keep an open mind and enjoy the campaign and gaming sessions as much as your players will .
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 5 Shares
So you 're running for the United States Senate from the great state of Oregon .
And you think to yourself , " What I really need is a good campaign logo . "
And not just any logo -- you want a really snappy , attention - getting logo , like the ones sports teams use .
In fact , why come up with your own logo when you can just crib one from a sports team ?
Why , indeed ?
Of course , it might be nice if the logo you cribbed was from a team in Oregon , instead of one from Ohio , but who can be bothered with picky details like those ?
You 're a big - picture kind of guy !
Anyway , one thing 's certain : Your campaign is getting plenty of new attention .
Good job !
In a year when Tea Party activists and the GOP are getting a lot of attention , self - described " common sense Democrat " Mickey Kaus is stirring up a little party of his own - challenging U.S. Sen .
Barbara Boxer in the Democratic primary over illegal immigration and public employee unions ' pensions .
" It 's clear that the unions own the Democratic party - and it's going to be a disaster unless that changes , " says Kaus , 58 , a longtime blogger for online magazine Slate.com and author of " The End of Equality , " which urges a rethinking of liberalism .
Instead of " chasing after the Latino vote " and pushing for public " card check " elections intended to make it easier for workers to join labor unions , he said his party and Boxer - whom he calls an " old - style pol , through and through " - should deal with issues that affect the everyday lives of working Californians .
" Do the vast majority of Californians want to do away with the secret ballot in union elections ?
No , " he said .
" And the huge number of voters here do n't want immediate amnesty for undocumented immigrants - until the border is secure . "
Kaus ' campaign against Boxer , who has been called one of the Senate 's most liberal members , is a longshot in blue California .
But his bid underscores challenges for California 's junior senator .
Poll shows dead heat
With three weeks until the June 8 primary , the latest Rasmussen poll showed Boxer in a 42 - 41 percent dead heat with GOP challenger Tom Campbell , the former South Bay Congressman .
In the poll released Friday , Boxer does only slightly better against two other GOP challengers , former Hewlett - Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and Assemblyman Chuck DeVore of Irvine .
Speaking to reporters last week , Boxer acknowledged the challenges of her re-election effort .
" Will this be a hard race ?
Oh , my God , yes ... very hard , " she said .
Even as President Obama prepares to come to the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco on May 25 to star in the second Boxer fundraiser in a month , the Los Angeles Times delivered a stinging slap when it refused to endorse her in the Democratic Senate primary - saying she " lacks the intellectual firepower " for the job .
Democratic pollster Ben Tulchin says
Boxer has always faced tough races , and " her polls have always been under 50 percent every campaign until the end . "
But he acknowledged that the campaign for the November general election " is going to be Barbara 's toughest race since 1992 . "
' Seat - of - the - pants ' bid
Kaus said he launched his uphill , " seat - of - the - pants " bid against Boxer because she 's been too lockstep with the party 's biggest donors while ignoring its base voters .
A graduate of Harvard Law School who clerked for Judge Stanley Mosk of the California Supreme Court and whose father , Otto Kaus , served on the state 's high court , Kaus says he is a loyal Democrat :
He likes President Obama 's health care reform plan , supports same - sex marriage and is pro-choice and pro-government - including tough environmental regulations .
Kaus says most Democrats do n't support efforts to roust millions of illegal immigrants from the United States because the immigrants are " good people who contribute greatly to the state 's economy . "
But , he says , " we just do n't want another 12 million " because the costs are too high .
His solutions : aggressive efforts that include extending and strengthening border fences to slow the flow of undocumented immigrants , as well as better electronic checks by employers to send the message of tougher consequences .
Kaus also said the party 's allegiance to big unions ignores Californians who are alarmed over the estimated $ 500 billion shortfall in funding future public employee pensions .
Unions aristocracy
In California , " labor is the new aristocracy - everyone else is sweating away at $ 10 - an - hour jobs while unions have defended their benefits , " he said .
Public workers unions " are no longer the oppressed class ; in a two - tier system , they are the upper tier , " he said .
" People realize that the government machine is run for the unions , " Kaus said .
" The libraries can close , but you ca n't cut those pensions . "
Boxer 's campaign manager , Rose Kapolczynski , predicted defeat for the challenger .
" It 's a free country , and anyone can run for office , but I 'm confident that Sen .
Boxer 's base remains strong and she will easily win the Democratic primary , " Kapolczynski said .
Patrick Dorinson , who writes the cowboylibertarian.com blog , said besting Boxer is near " Mission Impossible , " but such messages connect with moderate Democrats and the 1 in 5 state voters who declined to state a political party in their voter registration .
Boxer has " faced an electorate before in good times , " he said .
" But this time , it 's tough times . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Welsh Secretary Peter Hain has called for a Labour - Lib Dem coalition government including an " arrangement " taking in Plaid and the SNP .
The Welsh secretary and Neath MP said a partnership government could " drive through the fundamental reforms " .
The Conservatives gained five seats in Wales , while both Plaid Cymru and Lib Dems faced disappointment .
Labour 's share of the Welsh vote slumped to just over 36 % , the worst since 1918 but it held onto key seats .
The party also regained their former stronghold Blaenau Gwent .
Tory gains included Vale of Glamorgan , and Cardiff North by just 194 votes .
Lembit Opik concedes defeat to Conservative Glyn Davies
The Lib Dems lost Lembit Opik in Montgomeryshire but held Ceredigion and Cardiff Central .
Plaid held three seats and said they " remained upbeat " .
The Conservatives hit most of of their targets in Wales , including key marginals Cardiff North and the Vale of Glamorgan , and the Aberconwy seat in the north .
They also captured the prize seat of Montgomeryshire , with former AM Glyn Davies ousting Lembit Opik .
The swing to them was around 5 % across Wales .
Shadow Welsh secretary Cheryl Gillan said : " These are outstanding results , " she said .
" The only party to have made gains in Wales tonight is the Welsh Conservative party .
" We now have more MPs in Wales than at any time since 1987 .
Labour can take no comfort from this result . "
Labour regained former heartland Blaenau Gwent from Independent Dai Davies and remains the dominant political party with 26 of Wales 's 40 parliamentary seats , down three on the previous election .
However , the party saw much reduced majorities in seats like Bridgend , Gower and Alyn and Deeside .
Meanwhile , Mr Hain has called for a Labour - Lib Dem coalition UK government that could include a " wider arrangement " taking in Plaid Cymru and the SNP .
" Although we 've obviously lost ground , that indicated the voters did not want a majority Labour government , they clearly have n't voted for a majority Tory government either , " he told the BBC on Friday .
" David Cameron and his team were acting for years as if they had the keys to Number 10 in their back pocket .
The voters said they do n't want him to be prime minister , they want a progressive , I think , anti-Tory majority that 's expressed in the new parliament . "
Insisting he would like to see a partnership government , Mr Hain said : " I remain secretary of state for Wales and the prime minister remains prime minister so long as there 's no alternative government formed . "
Alex Salmond , the SNP leader said his party and Plaid were is prepared to be involved in helping " construct an alternative government scenario . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Plaid Cymru leader Ieuan Wyn Jones said it was a " complex situation " .
He said : " We knew there was going to be a hung parliament , that 's what 's happened , and in that situation , of course , clarity will not happen overnight , and I 'm sure there will be lots of discussions to see whether a new government can be formed . "
It followed a night when Welsh Labour fought off Liberal Democrat challenges in Newport East and Swansea West , as well as Plaid Cymru on Ynys Mon .
Both Plaid Cymru and the Liberal Democrats had difficult nights , missing out on target seats .
Plaid 's share of the vote held up but they failed to take Labour - held target constituencies of Ynys Mon and Llanelli and failed to retake Ceredigion from the Liberal Democrats and came fourth in Aberconwy , a seat they hold in the Welsh assembly
I 've lost an election by 56 votes and I can tell you winning is much much better than losing
Jonathan Evans
The last seat to declare in Wales was also the most dramatic , with Julie Morgan losing Cardiff North to former Conservative MEP and one - time Brecon and Radnor MP Jonathan Evans by just 194 votes .
Paying tribute to his predecessor , Mr Evans told BBC Wales : " I 've lost an election by 56 votes and I can tell you winning is much much better than losing .
The reality is that Julie Morgan has been an MP here for 13 years and she has done all the constituency cases . "
But for Welsh Secretary Peter Hain that was far from satisfactory as he called for an investigation into the Cardiff North declaration where an additional recount was refused .
A Welsh Conservative spokesman : " We are satisfied that everything was done by the rules .
The returning officer declared the result . "
Meanwhile , former Labour leader Lord Kinnock said he hoped it would mark the last day of the first - past - the - post electoral system .
" It 's not esoteric , it 's not for anoraks , " he told the BBC .
" It 's a matter of the way in which the country is governed , the end of the time when for instance , a party could get gigantic majorities on the basis of around 40 % of the vote . "
Chrome 5.0.375.55 on Mac OS X . Four months after the release of version 4.0 for Windows , Google has announced the availability of Chrome 5.0 for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux – the first stable release to be available on all three major platforms .
In addition to addressing several high - risk security vulnerabilities , the latest release of the WebKit - based browser includes a number of new features .
Chrome 5.0.375.55 , previously only available as a beta release , enables extensions to work in incognito mode via the extensions manager and supports syncing for browser preferences such as themes , homepage and startup settings – bookmark sync was added in version 4.0 .
A number of HTML5 features have also been incorporated including Geolocation APIs , App Cache and file drag and drop .
Adobe 's Flash Player is not yet integrated into the stable branch of Chrome ; however , the Google Product Manager Brian Rakowski says that it will be enabled when the final version of Flash Player 10.1 is released .
The developers say that it's their " fastest version of Chrome to date " and note that they have fixed " a range of minor issues such as non-exploitable crashes , hangs and other annoyances " .
Google has also addressed a total of six vulnerabilities , two of them rated has high - risk .
The first high - risk issue relates to possible URL bar spoofing via unload event handlers , while the second relates to the incorrect execution of Javascript in the extension context .
The remaining four medium - risk exploits range from Safe Browsing problems to whitelist - mode plug - in blocker and drag and drop memory errors .
Further details of the vulnerabilities are being withheld until " a majority of users are up - to - date with the fix " .
More details about the release can be found in the release announcement and release notes .
Chrome 5.0.375.55 is available to download for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux from google.com / chrome .
Users who currently have Chrome installed can use the built - in update function by clicking Tools , selecting About Google Chrome and clicking the Update button .
See also :
( crve )
In February , I wrote the following about a drug raid in Missouri :
SWAT team breaks into home , fires seven rounds at family 's pit bull and corgi (?! ) as a seven - year - old looks on .
They found a " small amount " of marijuana , enough for a misdemeanor charge .
The parents were then charged with child endangerment .
So smoking pot = " child endangerment . "
Storming a home with guns , then firing bullets into the family pets as a child looks on = necessary police procedures to ensure everyone 's safety .
Just so we 're clear .
Now there 's video , which you can watch below .
It 's horrifying , but I 'd urge you to watch it , and to send it to the drug warriors in your life .
This is the blunt - end result of all the war imagery and militaristic rhetoric politicians have been spewing for the last 30 years — cops dressed like soldiers , barreling through the front door middle of the night , slaughtering the family pets , filling the house with bullets in the presence of children , then having the audacity to charge the parents with endangering their own kid .
There are 100 - 150 of these raids every day in America , the vast , vast majority like this one , to serve a warrant for a consensual crime .
But they did prevent Jonathan Whitworth from smoking the pot they found in his possession .
So I guess this mission was a success .
I 've exchanged emails with the mother of the family , who was in the home at the time of the raid .
I 'm waiting on her permission to publish her account of what happened .
Advertisements
Glenn Beck has been in denial about his ratings slide for weeks now .
First , he claimed that there is no ratings decline for his Fox News show , and then he claimed that the weather was to blame for his 33 % drop in viewership .
However by attracting only 1.7 million viewers on Friday , Beck hit a new all time low which is now 50 % off of his peak audience of 3.4 million .
On Friday , Beck pulled an all time low of 1.776 million viewers , and while this is good enough to handily win his time slot , this marked a new low which has quickly turned into a free fall since January .
At the close of 2009 , Beck was still averaging 3 million total viewers a day .
At his peak , Beck could draw 3.4 million plus viewers a day .
There was talk of him eventually supplanting cable news king Bill O’Reilly .
The story for Glenn Beck last week was the same as it has been for all of the other weeks over the past few months .
He starts strong on Monday , but he loses viewers on each of the following days of the week .
Last Monday , Beck had 2.3 million viewers .
By Tuesday , he had 2.1 million viewers .
On Wednesday and Thursday , he had 2 million viewers , and by Friday he was down to 1.77 million viewers .
What should be most troubling to Fox News is that Beck did not have one below average day .
He had three .
Beck ’s average number of viewers had fallen to 2.2 million viewers , but on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday , he was under that .
Advertisements
The root of the problem remains Glenn Beck himself .
Beck fancies himself to be a political leader now , not an entertainer .
On his radio show on April 20 , Beck said , “ When we were , and I ’ve never told this story before , when we were starting the TV show , there were things that I did that I would n’t do now because I had to be more of an entertainer to get people to go what is this show at five o’clock ?
I never said anything I did n’t believe , but I may have said things in an entertaining fashion . ”
The problem is that viewers do n’t seem to like the new serious Glenn Beck .
In reaction to the ratings drop , Beck has tried to spice things up by adding lots more God into his program in an effort to bring back the Evangelicals , and he started the gimmick Founders ’
Friday which comes complete with a studio audience .
Since Founders ’ Friday led to his lowest numbers ever , I would say that it is n’t working .
Beck has gone to the three Fox News G’s ( God , Guns , and Gimmicks ) , and yet his audience continues to erode .
While Beck refuses to admit that he is losing viewers , Fox News is saddled with a program that generates no ad revenue , and sagging viewership totals .
If Beck ’s show starts pulling under the 2 million viewers a day Fox News averages on a consistent basis , changes will be made .
Whether he wants to admit or not , Glenn Beck has a real problem here .
His viewers are slowly eroding away .
The Beck fad appears to be over , and what Fox News has left is redundant , repetitive , one trick pony of a host .
Posted this in the Aquarium forum ... perhaps it goes better here ...
Many of you are probably aware of the approach of Guid & Bratko to objectively compare the world championsand I know some on this forum were using it to get independent results a few years back .
I find it quite surprising that , as far as I can tell , no commercial chess software offers this as a feature .
For instance , I might want to score my own games to find the best ones ( or worst ) .
And I 'm sure the score given by this method could be used even to give an approximate rating .
Has it ever been suggested that this feature be added to Aquarium ?
Does anyone know if there is a command line reference for rybka , so perhaps I could write a script to do it myself ( I 'd rather not use crafty ) ?
Thanks , - Carl
Tapping , not capping
( Natural News ) Today , I spent my time interviewing people on the Gulf Coast from Mississippi to Louisiana .
Several of those interviews were conducted on camera , and you 'll be seeing those videos as early as tomorrow here on NaturalNews .
Interestingly , it turns out that a lot of the people living on the Gulf Coast have a history of working with oil companies -- and even on oil rigs .
I spoke to several people who have a work history with BP , and two of them told me they are certain that .
What they are trying to do , I was told , is SAVE the oil well so that they can capture the oil and sell it .
This claim stands in direct contradiction to what BP says .
The company insists it 's trying to stop the flow of oil from the well .
But , what they 're really trying to do iswhere it can be pumped to a tanker ship and sold as crude .
It is a simple matter , by the way , for oil companies to separate water from oil .
They do it all the time in oil fields all across America .
So if they can siphon off the oil from the Deepwater Horizon well -- even if it 's mixed with water -- they can sell it for potentiallyof dollars .
It raises the question :
Is the economic promise of captured oil causing BP to avoid using its best effort to cap the well ?
Notice that the new device they 're lowering onto the well is designed not to close it off but to pump the oil to an awaiting ship .
This is a plan to " capture " the oil , not to seal off the well .
The mainstream media has n't picked up on this yet , by the way .
To my knowledge , no one is yet reporting this story that BP may have never had any intention of actually capping the deep sea well .
We already know BP has been extremely dishonest with the media about this entire situation .
By distorting the truth and lying to the public , BP has lost all credibility with almost everyone ( Governors , Senators , journalists , etc. ) .
So how can we trust that BP is actually trying to cap this well when there 's so much money to be made from allowing it to keep spilling oil that can soon be captured ?
In other words , it 's in BP 's financial interests tocapping the well and claim the well can't be capped when , in reality , what they may be trying to do isuntil they can lower a " capture containment device " onto the well head that can direct all the outflowing crude oil to BP 's awaiting tanker ships .
In talking to the people face to face here on Gulf Coast , I learned that , and they do n't trust the company 's intentions .
Today was the first I had heard of the BP agenda to " keep the well flowing " yet suddenly this theory makes sense .
BP , after all , went through all the trouble and expense tothe well .
Why would n't they want to cash in on the crude oil coming out of it ?
To collapse the well and plug it for good would destroy BP 's chance to siphon off oil and sell it for profit ( until at least August , when the pressure relief wells are expected to be completed ) .
And that is perhaps the single most important reason why oil is still flowing out of that well right now .
As one person I interviewed today put it , " Why should a British petroleum company care about what happens to America 's shores ? "
After all , the financial payoffs to the businesses hurt by the spill may pale in comparison to the billions of dollars in profit to be had from tapping -- not capping -- the well and turning crude oil into raw cash .
There will be more to this story .
Let 's see if the mainstream media picks up on this angle .
By the way , I do n't yet have conclusive proof that BP 's intentions are to avoid capping this well .
It 's just a working theory based on people I 've talked to here on the Gulf Coast who appear to know what they 're talking about .
BP would obviously deny this , but then again BP has denied many things that we know to be true ( like the fact that the beach cleanup crews specifically cleaned the beach on Grand Isle before Obama showed up , then left promptly as soon as he left ) .
If you have n't yet , check out my CounterThink Cartoon on the BP oil spill at www.CounterThink.com
Also , watch for video interviews with the people on the Gulf Coast .
We 'll be publishing them here on Natural News starting as early as tomorrow .
I 'm headed to New Orleans tomorrow to check out the local scene there and see what else I can find out by talking to the locals on the front lines .
About POTY2009
What is Picture of the Year ?
The fourth annual Picture of the Year competition is an event where the images that became Featured Pictures during the year are voted on by members from all Wikimedia projects , to produce a single Picture of the Year .
Who can vote ?
You are eligible to vote if ...
... you registered before 2010 - 01 - 01 ... and have more than 200 edits before 2010 - 01 - 16 ( that is 2010 - 01- 15 UTC 24:00/2010-01-16 UTC 00:00 ) in any single Wikimedia project .
You can check if you meet the requirements here .
Where can I vote ?
Look through galleries for the current round of voting ( please take the time to look at all the pictures in any category you choose to vote in ! ) , click the " Vote " button below any image you wish to support , and vote for that image by using the template Template : 2009POTY / Vote , signed with 4 tildes : #{{2009POTY/Vote|Your_username}}--~~~~
Round one ( Categories ) from 2010 - 05 - 14T00:00 ( UTC ) till 2010-05-21T23:59 ( UTC ) ( round one voting is now closed , thank - you to all those who participated ! )
Round one galleries
Voting in Round 1 will determine winning images for each Category in the competition , as well as creating the list of finalists for Round 2 .
You may vote for as many images as you like in Round 1 , but can only cast one vote for each image .
image .
The Round 1 Category winners , and the top 10 overall will advance to Round 2 ( the Finals ) .
Round 2 ( Finals ) from 4 June 2010 , 00:00 ( UTC ) till 11 June 2010 , 23:59 ( UTC ) Finalists gallery ( Large sized )
Round 2 voting will determine the overall winner for Wikimedia Commons Picture of the Year .
Voting in Round 2 will be limited to the finalist images advancing from Round 1 .
Any eligible user can vote in Round 2 , even if they did n't vote in Round 1 .
Single vote per eligible user .
The Round 2 image receiving the most ( confirmed ) votes will win Picture of the Year .
Special recognition ( including badging ) will also be given to the second and third place finalists .
I have more questions !
If you have any problems , please contact the / Committee or post a question on the discussion page .
The contest is being run by a first - time team this year .
We hope that you will help us if we make any mistakes .
Cordova , Alaska ( CNN ) --
For third - generation fisherman John Platt , the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill is a financial and psychological nightmare that wo n't end .
Three years after the 11 million - gallon spill in Prince William Sound blackened 1,500 miles of Alaska coastline , the herring on which he and other Cordova fishermen heavily relied disappeared from the area .
Platt and some others stuck around , fishing for salmon and hoping things would improve .
The herring never returned to Cordova .
Platt 's income plummeted , severely straining his marriage and psyche .
He dipped into his sons ' college funds to support his family .
" People 's lives were ruined , " Platt said .
" There were damn good fishermen here in the Sound , and they just said , ' Screw it ' and left , and tried to make a living elsewhere . "
As for Platt , who stayed : " I wasted 20 years of my life , " he said .
Platt and other people in the Alaskan village of about 2,500 people say they still are suffering economically and emotionally 21 years after the oil disaster .
About 3,400 miles away , an oil leak that started last month in the Gulf of Mexico is threatening the Gulf Coast .
" Here we go again , " Platt said of the oil leak in the Gulf .
" I feel real bad for the people who are going to potentially go through what we did here . "
Reporter 's notebook : Exxon Valdez revisited
The herring loss alone has cost the region about $ 400 million over the past 21 years , according to R.J. Kopchak , a former fisherman who is now developmental director at Cordova 's Prince William Sound Science Center .
The average fisherman suffered a 30 percent loss in income after the spill , but those who specialized in just herring lost everything , Kopchak said .
Sociologists who spent years around the Sound after the disaster concluded that a fifth of all the area 's commercial fishermen suffered severe anxiety , and as many as 40 percent suffered from severe depression .
" People went bankrupt .
People lost things , " said Mike Webber , a Cordova fisherman .
He said perhaps 30 to 40 families have left Cordova since the disaster .
Webber , who fished for herring and salmon before the spill and continued fishing for salmon in the years after , said he began drinking heavily after 1989 .
He then lost his marriage .
" I blame my divorce on Exxon -- the oil spill , " Webber said .
" It was just aggravation and frustration that tore us apart . "
The surface oil from the spill had largely disappeared within three years of the spill , according to studies conducted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Office of Response and Restoration .
But oil residue still can be found on the shore .
" It is a lingering problem , as they say , with no easy solution , " Kopchak said .
Money from Exxon has n't made the fishermen 's problems disappear .
Besides the $ 2.5 billion that Exxon is estimated to have paid for the cleanup , it reportedly paid $ 300 million soon after the disaster to 11,000 fishermen , fish processors and others affected .
In 1994 , a federal jury ordered Exxon to pay $ 5 billion in punitive damages , but appeals reduced that award to $ 507.5 million .
Last year , a federal court ordered Exxon to also pay $ 470 million in interest on the punitive damages .
Platt says he has received about $ 600,000 from Exxon .
But most of it was used to clear liens on his fishing permits and boats , he said .
Is the current oil spill affecting you ?
Share your story
Before Exxon 's successful appeals , fishermen were expecting a lot more , Platt said .
" I think the general perception is that we were compensated a long time ago , that everything is rosy .
That 's not the case , " Platt said .
Exxon says the spill had nothing to do with the herring disappearance .
In a statement , Exxon said the herring catches were outstanding for the first three years after the spill , and that scientific studies showed that the subsequent decline was caused in part by ocean factors that led to poor nutrition , and perhaps by disease .
Other studies , Exxon said , pointed to competitive interactions between young herring and young salmon , and to predators .
" The Valdez oil spill was a tragic accident and one which ExxonMobil deeply regrets , " Exxon said in a separate statement .
" We took immediate responsibility for the spill and have spent over $ 4.3 billion as a result of the accident , including compensatory payments , cleanup payments , settlements and fines . "
" As a result of the accident , Exxon undertook significant operational reforms and implemented an exceptionally thorough operational management system to prevent future incidents .
ExxonMobil has a long history of community support throughout Alaska and we continue to expand that focus , " the statement said .
For Platt , the nightmare continues .
" We got hosed here in Cordova , and nobody cares , " Platt said .
CNN 's Jason Hanna and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
The galactic bubble known as RCW 120 lies some 4,300 light - years from Earth
Enlarge Image
A colossal star many times the mass of our own Sun is seen growing in a bubble of excited gas just pictured by the Herschel space observatory .
The image of the bubble , known as RCW 120 , has been released a few days ahead of the European telescope 's first birthday in orbit .
Herschel 's infrared detectors are tuned to see the cold materials that give birth to stars .
Pictures like RCW 120 will help explain how really giant ones are made .
The monster in this picture is seen as the small white blob on the bottom edge of the bubble .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The " baby " star is perhaps a few tens of thousands of years old and has yet to ignite the nuclear furnace that will form at its core .
But it is some eight to 10 times the mass of our Sun and is surrounded by about 200 times as much material .
If more of that gas and dust continues to fall in on the star , the object has the potential to become one of the Milky Way Galaxy 's true giants , and it will go on to have a profound influence on its environment .
" It 's the massive stars that control the dynamical and chemical evolution of the galaxy , " explained Herschel scientist Dr Annie Zavagno from the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille .
THE HERSCHEL SPACE TELESCOPE
The telescope is sited over a million km from Earth Its instruments sense far - infrared and sub- millimetre radiation Its 3.5 m diameter mirror is the largest ever flown in space Herschel can probe clouds of gas and dust to see stars being born
It will investigate how galaxies have evolved through time
The mission will end when its helium refrigerant boils off
Seeking the cold cosmos " It 's the massive stars that create the heavy elements like iron and they are able to put them in the interstellar medium .
And because they end their lives in supernova explosions , they also inject a lot of energy into the galaxy , " she told BBC News .
The baby owes its existence to another , unseen star , the radiation from which has sculpted the exquisite shape of the bubble .
By pushing away this shroud of gas and dust , it has raised the density of matter in new locations , triggering a fresh round of starbirth .
Present theories of star formation struggle to explain how objects larger than about 10 solar masses can exist .
The fierce light they emit should blast away their birth clouds , limiting their growth .
And yet , astronomers know of stars that are 120 times the mass of our Sun .
The unique capabilities of Herschel - it works in the far - infrared and sub-millimetre range ( 55 to 672 microns ) - mean it can see physical processes that are beyond the vision of other telescopes .
Hubble , for example , which senses visible and near - infrared light , is blind to the details in this picture .
Scientists hope Herschel 's vision can give them the information they need to correct their models .
The European Space Agency 's billion - euro observatory was sent into orbit on an Ariane rocket on 14 May last year .
It is positioned far from Earth to give it an unobstructed view of deep space .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QR Code Link to This Post
m4w , w4 m = I want to fuck you but I 'll do dinner first if you want .
strictly platonic =
I want to fuck you but let 's talk about something first .
casual encounter =
I want to fuck you and not have to pay much attention .
missed connections =
I want to fuck you and I hope you saw me standing ten feet away from you with a bunch of other people and you wanted to fuck me too and you just happen to be looking in CL and reading this right now and still want to fuck me.rant and rave = fuck you .
Looking closely at the images of North Korea using the Google Earth web service one can see evidence of not only Prsident Kim Jong - il 's lavish lifestyle but also of the state 's gulags and prison camps .
This image shows Kim Jong - il 's Sinuiju house complete with private train station in the bottom right hand corner
Oracle issued on May 17 a new edition of MySQL Enterprise , the first major upgrade of the open - source relational database since Oracle completed the acquisition of MySQL 's former parent , Sun Microsystems .
But the release will do little to assuage the suspicions of MySQL users and open - source community members that Oracle wo n't give the database full and enthusiastic support since it acquired the technology in the buyout of Sun Microsystems .
That 's because this release was under development well before Oracle closed its $ 7.4 billion buyout of Sun .
The most important component of the latest release is MySQL Enterprise Monitor 2.2 , which provides performance monitoring tools that Oracle officials say will enable user organizations to more efficiently manage MySQL servers and reduce downtime by discovering performance problems before they cause service outages .
Enterprise Monitor 2.0 provides GUI - based tools that continuously monitor the MySQL database and guide developers in implementing MySQL best practices .
Database administrators and developers need tools " that help them manage their MySQL servers efficiently and allow them to identify performance issues before they become expensive , time - consuming problems , " Tomas Ulin , director of MySQL Development with Oracle , said in a statement .
It also provides improved database query performance , improved security and integration with MySQL Support , which provides 24/7 support for the development , deployment and management of MySQL applications .
The integration with MySQL Supports eliminates that time that database administrators spend examining the results of the common diagnostic tools used to discover problems by automating the process .
The User and Security Model is integrated with existing LDAP authentication and other commonly accepted security methods .
Enterprise Monitor 2.2 includes enhancement for collecting , viewing and searching query performance data , which allows developers to analyze query response patterns that may slow system resources and response times .
The monitor also includes Query Analyzer Execution Notices that are designed to pinpoint problem queries to allow database administrators and application developers to fix performance problems .
Another major feature is MySQL Enterprise Connector Plug-ins , which link up with an application 's existing connectors to enable users to gather and send SQL Query responses and other performance data to a query analyzer .
One analyst suggested that Oracle can hardly take credit for a new release it really had little to do with .
" The release was well under way before the acquisition , so this really has very little to do with Oracle in my opinion , " said Joseph Martins , managing director of Data Mobility Group , an IT industry analyst .
Giving Oracle the credit " would be a bit like giving an incoming [ president of the United States ] credit for the programs implemented by an outgoing [ president of the United States ] .
All this says to me is that Oracle has n't rocked the boat - yet . "
But Martins said he is n't very concerned that Oracle will try to suppress the open - source database .
" I 'm sure MySQL will survive whether it's in the hands of Oracle or elsewhere .
Customers can be certain of that .
The community is n't going to let MySQL fail .
It 's really that simple , " he said .
However , Martins declined to comment on the potential performance or feature improvements of the new version , which he has yet to evaluate .
" Let 's hope it's of higher quality than the last one .
If Oracle could make any contribution to MySQL , it would be in cleaning up that horrendous development cycle and overall quality control , " he said .
Oracle completed the $ 7.4 billion buyout of Sun Microsystems in late January 2010 after battling for the best part of a year with U.S. and overseas regulatory authorities to gain approval of the deal .
Less than a month before the deal closed , more than 14,000 MySQL enthusiasts around the world signed a petition asking regulators to reject the deal on the grounds that Oracle , as one of the world 's largest producers enterprise relational databases , would not effectively support the competing open - source MySQL database .
Oracle issued statements before and after the deal denying that it would n't fully support and invest in MySQL , and it also rejected suggestions that it would somehow divest itself of MySQL or turn management of it over to the open - source community as a compromise that would win regulatory approval of the deal .
Right now , every military command post and every training center is packed with PCs .
In the future , many of those machines might be replaced with game consoles – if the armed forces can ever work out their disagreements with the console - makers .
Why consoles ?
For starters , it 's a tool that young recruits are very familiar with .
The military – especially the Army and Marines – has turned to videogames because live training is often complicated and expensive .
Surveys show that young people now spend more time gaming on consoles than on PCs .
It 's the older ( well , at least over 30 ) crowd who prefer to play games on computers , and that crowd is likely to shrink over time .
If the Pentagon is going to rely on games , then it makes sense to use a platform designed for games , as well as one that 's familiar to your audience .
Another attraction is the hardware .
Consoles seem to offer some advantages over computers when it comes to training games .
The Nintendo Wii controller ( Microsoft and Sony are developing similar hardware ) allows a training game to incorporate body movement .
A Wii -like console could be useful for individualized physical training for soldiers who need to shed a few pounds , or for practicing individual combat drills when there is no training range available .
And then there is the relatively straightforward configuration of consoles , compared to the nightmare that military game developers face in getting games to work on the mishmash of video and sound cards in the government 's potpourri of computers .
Yet the real beauty of consoles , as far as the Army 's game gurus are concerned , is n't really technical sophistication .
In an interview for Training & Simulation Journal , Army officials charged with developing training games told me that what they really like about consoles is the price .
An Xbox 360 can be purchased for less than $ 200 , while a government computer can cost $ 1,000 .
The day is coming when every member of the U.S. armed forces will have their own computer ( or console ) for e-learning and training simulations .
Finding a cheaper device can save a lot of bucks .
So will the Army go out and buy the Xbox ?
Not quite .
Roger Smith , chief technology officer for PEO STRI , the Army command responsible for purchasing training equipment , claims that Microsoft refused to sell him the consoles .
Smith told me that he discussed acquiring the Xbox with Microsoft representatives at a trade show back in 2006 .
According to Smith , the Microsoft executives said they would neither sell the Xbox 360 nor license XNA game development tools to the Army for three reasons :
Microsoft was afraid that the military would buy up lots of Xbox 360s , but would buy only one game for each of them , so MS would n't make much money off of the games .
A big military purchase could create a shortage of Xbox 360s .
If the Xbox became an Army training device , it could taint its reputation .
Microsoft was concerned that " do we want the Xbox 360 to be seen as having the flavor of a weapon ?
Do we want Mom and Dad knowing that their kid is buying the same game console as the military trains the SEALs and Rangers on ? "
Smith told me during an interview for Training & Simulation Journal .
It 's hard to believe that Microsoft would risk a public relations disaster by refusing to sell products that would save the lives of American soldiers during time of war .
So I contacted Microsoft , and received an e-mail response , or rather a response relayed through their outside PR agency Edelman .
Microsoft spokesman David Dennis said he had no knowledge of Smith 's conversations with Microsoft representatives , but that the Army ...
" has multiple avenues to pursue building simulations .
They can team up with a professional Xbox 360 publisher and development studio that have the expertise to assist them with development of a complex simulation .
In fact , the Army has successfully done this in the past by working with publishers such as Ubisoft ( ' America ’s Army ' ) and THQ ( ' Full Spectrum Warrior ' ) .
Or , if the Army prefers to build a simulation without engaging game development professionals , Microsoft has also enabled independent developers to create games for the Xbox 360 using the XNA Game Studio development tools , and deploy and play them on retail Xbox 360 consoles using an XNA Premium Creator ’s Club membership . ”
Microsoft 's answer did n't address the question of whether the company would be willing to sell large quantities of Xbox 360s to the Army .
Nor do I have any idea how classified military training simulations would work on the XNA Creator 's Club , which features titles such as " Rocket Fart . "
Yet Microsoft at least seems receptive .
Problem solved , right ?
Wrong .
Now Smith says the Army might not be interested in the Xbox after all .
" Our initial enthusiasm when Xbox and XNA were new products has cooled .
At this time we have no active or anticipated projects or R&D that are looking at using either of those products for military simulations .
I would be happy to reopen these discussions if Microsoft is interested in selling these products to our community . "
One more step forward , one more step back in the long march to bring game consoles into the military .
Photo : Noah Shachtman/Wired.com
ALSO :
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below )
The small U.S. agency that oversees offshore drilling does n't write or implement most safety regulations , having gradually shifted such responsibilities to the oil industry itself for more than a decade .
Instead , the Minerals Management Service — now caught up in the crisis of the Deepwater Horizon ...
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Los Angeles officials on Wednesday approved a ban on future business with Arizona in protest against its crackdown on illegal immigrants , becoming the largest U.S. city to impose such an economic boycott .
Thousands of protesters march up Broadway during a May Day immigration rally in Los Angeles , May 1 , 2010 .
REUTERS / David McNew
City Council members who voted 13 - 1 in favor of the punitive measure said it could affect about $ 8 million in contracts with Arizona , but Los Angeles must first decide which of those agreements it can break without triggering lawsuits .
Another $ 50 million in contracts will remain in place but the council directed city department heads to refrain from doing future business with Arizona or companies headquartered there whenever possible .
“ I cannot go to Arizona today without a passport , ” Councilman Ed Reyes said before the vote .
“ If I come across an officer who ’s had a bad day and feels the picture on my ID is not me , I could be summarily deported -- no questions asked .
That is not American . ”
Arizona ’s new law , which comes into effect at end - July , does not allow police to demand identification from individuals without cause or to summarily deport them .
But it does require officers , during a lawful contact , to check the immigration status of anyone who they reasonably suspect is in the country illegally .
A spokesman for Arizona Governor Jan Brewer , who signed the bill on April 23 , had no immediate comment on the move by Los Angeles , which also suspends all city - related travel to the desert state .
Several other cities across the United States have considered resolutions to protest against the law or sought boycotts -- among them San Francisco and Saint Paul , Minnesota .
A nationwide study by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press released on Wednesday found that 59 percent of adults approve of Arizona ’s new law , while just 25 percent support President Barack Obama ’s immigration policy .
Obama supports a system allowing undocumented immigrants in good standing to pay a fine , learn English and become citizens .
He also backs tightening border security and clamping down on employers that hire undocumented workers .
FEDERAL OVERHAUL A LONG SHOT
Arizona ’s new law has pushed the immigration debate into the political foreground and rebooted a drive by Obama and Senate Democrats to overhaul federal immigration laws .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and fellow Democrats introduced an outline to revamp the system on April 29 .
But they have not yet introduced legislation and passage of such a bill is seen as a long shot before November ’s congressional elections .
Senator Charles Schumer said Democrats were still waiting for a Republican to back their draft legislation , nearly two weeks after it was unveiled .
“ You cannot pass an immigration bill unless you have bipartisan support , ” Schumer , a New York Democrat , told a conference call with conservative evangelical leaders .
“ Right now we are unable to have a single Republican to come with us to the table to negotiate a bipartisan bill -- and we need somebody . ”
The Democrats ’ plan is based on an earlier outline drafted by Schumer and Republican Senator Lindsey Graham .
But Graham has complained that Congress is not yet ready to move on it .
It seeks bolstered border security and introduce a high - tech identification card for immigrant workers .
Other steps include employer sanctions and a path to U.S. citizenship for many of the 10.8 million people in the country illegally .
It 's been quite a bit of time since our last news post , so not only do you get a development roundup , but some other related news spliced in as well !
Metamod : Source stable branch ( 1.10 )
Not much exciting is going on with development of the stable branch of MM:S .
However , like SM about 1.5 years ago , MM: S is now officially on a rolling release cycle as of two days ago .
There will be no more " final " releases of MM:S .
As with SM , people looking to update their servers after a breaking game update would often grab the latest release rather than a snapshot build , not realizing that they might need something a bit more fresh .
In addition to now avoiding that confusion with MM:S , we 've also revamped its builds download page , adding similar revision information and source links to what you see on the SM builds download page , and adding support for HTTPS to all downloads .
SourceMod stable branch ( 1.8 )
Similar to the stable branch of MM:S , there 's nothing too exciting going on with this .
We 're continuing to provide many , many game compatibility updates as needed , including updated gamedata files .
Additionally , multiple bugfixes have made their way in since this was tagged as the new stable branch a bit over a year ago .
On the note of bug fixes , after weighing the pros and cons , we 've decided to switch to GitHub Issues moving forward for future bug reports and feature requests for SourceMod .
While this requires users to have a GitHub account to report an issue , many did n't know that the previous bug tracker existed , let alone that they could log in with their forum credentials .
( It also unintuitively took forum email address , rather than username ) .
There are numerous stagnant issues there , many that are no longer relevant or that have just been requiring more information for years .
This will give us a fresh start .
The old tracker is still available , but set to no longer accept new SM bug reports .
As before , it will not be for general support or help .
The forums are better suited for that .
Metamod : Source development branch ( 1.11 )
Some highlights :
Added support for compiling on newer toolchains , such as Visual Studio 2015 and 2017 on Windows .
Removed the old v1.4 plugin API .
Added v1.6 API support for " ep1 " games ( The Ship and Source SDK 2006 mods ) .
Re-added support for Dota 2 .
( This includes initial support for Source2 and x64 dedicated servers ! ) .
On the note of Source2 , there has been some stir lately due to rumors that CS : GO will be ported to it in the future .
That obviously solicited many questions from people , wondering if SourceMod would continue to work with it .
While we do n't foresee CS : GO moving to it anytime soon , having MM:S work on the newer engine was the first step and had been in the works for over a year .
There are now four Source2 releases , but Dota 2 is the only multiplayer one , and is more lobby - based than relying on dedicated servers .
That 's part of the reason that it's a bit too early to say what SourceMod 's fate will be on Source2 .
On the server side , the differences are somewhere between jumping from an older Source variant to a newer one , and the jump from GoldSrc to Source .
And similarly to when Source debuted , there is no SDK ; we 're flying blind .
We 've not settled on anything yet , but one of the following three approaches is likely .
Add Source2 support to SourceMod .
Some whole sets of API just wo n't work on Source2 or may act a bit differently .
Some new Source2 - exclusive ones would be added .
Our code would become ( more of ) a mess , but scripts that do n't rely on engine functionality would continue to work as - is .
Many scripts would still need to be updated .
Create one or more new MM:S plugins that just extend the VScript scripting API that already exists in the engine , exposing an admin API and whatever other functionality is missing .
No existing scripts would work , but the base of the scripting API is a first - class citizen and would have a much smaller chance of breaking with a game update , as Valve would be maintaining the bulk of it .
Create " Source2Mod " , porting SourceMod to Source2 , dropping support for Source ( 1 ) in that copy .
Clean up APIs and make Source2 a first - class citizen .
The majority of scripts would break , but the familiar SourcePawn language and non-engine APIs would stay the same .
We 're not necessarily asking for input yet , just sharing some ideas we 're tossing around .
They involve differing amounts of work required , and we still have plenty of reverse - engineering left to do to figure out the full extent of what we can do .
SourceMod development branch ( 1.9 )
Some highlights :
Added support for Counter - Strike : Classic Offensive and Alien Swarm : Reactive Drop .
Added the ability to trigger an entity output directly .
Added the ability to get and set entity output variables .
Added a native and extended the Database methodmap to allow safe , escaped SQL query value string formatting .
Added support for having multiple public and multiple private chat triggers , ( such as having both ! and / as private , with no public triggers ) .
Changed the " ep1 " builds ( used by The Ship and Source SDK 2006 mods ) to use the newer MM: S v1.6 plugin API ( requiring MM:S v1.11 or later ) .
Added support for compiling on newer toolchains , such as Visual Studio 2015 and 2017 on Windows .
And unrelated to any of that ...
Some users have recently expressed interest in having an AM or SM Discord , Slack , or other chat provider set up .
While we have no plans to split the community across multiple chat services , I 'd like to remind everyone that there is still an active community for SourceMod on IRC ( irc.gamesurge.net ) .
The #sourcemod channel exists for anything related to SourceMod - installation help , plugin development questions , and more .
There is also an #am - announce channel for those that want to follow development live .
All git pushes , issue and pull request openings / closings , and most game updates get announced there as they occur .
For those that do n't have an IRC client installed , there are also multiple web chat clients available .
Brightmoor resident Monique McLean , 29 , would welcome the chance to be relocated .
" It is terrible here , there 's nowhere for kids to play and I do n't fee safe at night .
People have moved out and soon there will be no one left on the street , " she said , standing outside her three - bedroom home .
" I would be glad to get out of here .
I would be glad to get out of Detroit , period . "
At one end of the street lies an abandoned car , and at the other a home gutted by fire with a three - piece living room suite rotting on the front yard .
Every shop on a half mile stretch of high street nearby is shuttered .
Even the pawnshop has closed down .
Only three small Christian ministries are open for business .
Newsweek Can Be Good Acquisition for Russian Oligarch
Newsweek , a well - known publication of The Washington Post Co. , has been put up for sale .
The magazine has not been returning profit during the recent several years , and its owners expect more losses this year .
As a result , Donald Graham , the WashPo chairman , decided that it would be better to sell the magazine to someone else .
Newsweek Can Be Good Acquisition for Russian Oligarch
" Despite heroic efforts on the part of Newsweek 's management and staff , we expect it to still lose money in 2010 .
We are exploring all options to fix that problem .
Newsweek is a lively , important magazine and website , and in the current climate , it might be a better fit elsewhere , " he said in a statement .
Periodical printed publications do not experience their best times nowadays .
Many of them lost their advertisers as a result of the crisis .
In addition , analytical publications , such as Newsweek , lose competition to online resources .
People do not want to pay for information because they can have it for free on the Internet .
The number of advertisement pages in Newsweek suffered a reduction of 26 % in 2009 .
The losses of the magazine increased last year to $ 29 million against $ 16 million in 2008 .
As a result , many people working at the magazine were fired .
It may seem strange that such large world - known publications refuse from their projects .
It brings up the idea that The Washington Post was simply fed up with Newsweek , which became a burden for it .
The WashPost receives nearly 60 % of its profit from Kaplan , the company that prepares students for standard tests .
The profits that it gets from newspapers , magazines and even online media are not that significant .
Who will buy the magazine ?
Will it eventually belong to a Russian oligarch ?
Russian billionaire Alexander Lebedev , who already owns London ’s The Evening Standard , acquired The Independent and Independent on Sunday .
He paid a symbolic price of one pound sterling for them .
Like Newsweek , the former owner of the two newspapers , Ireland ’s Independent News & Media ( INM ) , suffered the losses of 28 million pounds ( $ 42 million ) in 2009 because of the drop of the advertising market during the crisis and decided to hand over its publications to someone else .
According to the agreement , the INM will pay Lebedev ’s Independent Print Limited the sum of 9.25 million pounds to pay the newspapers ’ debts .
It is not ruled out that Newsweek will have the same future .
An oligarch will obviously have funds to pay its debt , not to mention the fact that it would be very prestigious for a wealthy individual to run a respectable publication .
Newsweek is a global brand , an icon , a dream , a part of the spirit of American journalism outside America .
Most likely , it is not going to be a big problem to sell the magazine .
The owners of Time may show their interest in their competitor too .
Such an acquisition would put an end to bitter competition for good .
Marina Volkova
Bigness
Read the original in Russian
Obama ’s Middle East Democracy Problem
Barack Obama entered office last year promising a sweeping reinvention of America ’s image in the world , most of all in the Middle East , where George W. Bush saw his ambitious agenda of democratic transformation meet with the reality of a region deeply suspicious of U.S. intentions and locked into stagnant authoritarian regimes .
As part of that reinvention , the Obama administration has changed the tone of U.S. interaction on the democracy front .
Administration officials have espoused democratic principles in general — as the president did in his eloquent June speech in Cairo , in which he pointedly criticized Arab regimes ’ lack of accountability to their people — but shied away from direct confrontation .
The question is whether this behind - the - scenes approach will be any more successful than Bush ’s in - your - face policy .
The first major test of the Obama administration ’s stance will come in the next few weeks when Egypt is likely to renew a 29 - year - old emergency law that gives the government extraordinary powers to stifle political opposition .
Egypt has been promising for years to replace the law — imposed after the 1981 assassination of President Anwar Sadat by Islamist terrorists — with more limited counterterrorism legislation .
But somehow the new law is never ready and the " emergency " endures .
If the past year is any guide , the U.S. State Department will express disappointment , but neither President Obama nor Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton will publicly criticize the government of President Hosni Mubarak — the sort of high - level rebuke of which global headlines are made .
Under the Obama administration , democracy promotion in the Middle East is clearly not a major regional priority .
Clinton made that plain in a speech Feb. 14 in Qatar , in which she listed promoting human rights fifth and last following the Arab - Israeli conflict , Iran , combating violent extremism , and promoting opportunities for young people .
In the administration ’s defense , it took office at a time when the muscular Bush model of democracy promotion had been largely discredited and abandoned .
The 2003 Iraq invasion at first spooked other Arab regimes into reforms — and then convinced them to retreat as Iraq descended into sectarian warfare .
Elections in Iraq , Egypt , the Palestinian territories , and Lebanon strengthened IslamistU. groups at the expense of secular parties .
The biggest setback came in 2006 , when Hamas won Palestinian parliamentary elections that were held at the insistence of then U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
Perhaps surprisingly , some Bush - era " Freedom Agenda " programs have survived and even grown under Obama , including the Middle East Partnership Initiative ( MEPI ) — former vice presidential daughter Liz Cheney ’s signature program of training and small grants for civil society groups .
But other U.S. funds have been cut and the language used by Obama and Clinton in public toward Arab allies is generally deferential .
Advocates fear that not much more is being said behind the scenes .
" The problem with the Obama administration is that you do n’t have a strong voice at the top telling ambassadors that this is a priority , " said J. Scott Carpenter , who replaced Cheney in the democracy promotion job at the State Department in Bush ’s second term .
" Hillary has been better than the president .
She gets this , but I do n’t think at the policy level , this is given a great deal of attention . "
A Pivotal Year for Egypt
Egypt — the Arab world ’s most populous and influential state — is a case in point .
Neither Obama nor Clinton has publicly singled out Egypt for its poor performance on democracy and human rights , said Michele Dunne , a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and editor of an online journal , the Arab Reform Bulletin .
Meanwhile , democracy money for Egypt from the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) has been halved to about $ 25 million annually — 30 cents per Egyptian — as overall U.S. economic aid to that country has dropped to about $ 200 million .
Funding for civil society is down by two - thirds , Dunne said , despite a recent USAID inspector general ’s report stating that grants to such groups were the most effective part of the program .
In addition , she said , the Obama administration appears to be preparing to convert the annual appropriation for Egypt into an endowment that would allocate funds without requiring tight congressional scrutiny , which would give Egypt greater leverage to kill programs it dislikes .
Tamara Wittes , the new deputy assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs , confirmed that the United States is " considering " Egypt ’s request to set up such an endowment .
That all this is happening as Egypt prepares for parliamentary elections this year and presidential voting next year worries democracy groups .
They want the United States to apply pressure on the Cairo government to open up , particularly if Mubarak , now 81 , decides not to run for a sixth six - year term .
" It ’s not clear to me that the administration has a clear strategy for supporting those elections , " said Stephen McInerney , director of advocacy for the Project on Middle East Democracy , a Washington nonprofit .
" It looks like those elections will be a sham . "
Daniel Brumberg , a Georgetown University professor who also directs the Muslim World Initiative at the U.S. Institute of Peace ( USIP ) , said he was in Cairo late last year and young activists told him they " want Washington to become more active now , not at the last minute .
There is a new generation of young urban activists who are hoping a window will open up with Mubarak ’s succession . "
Those hopes could well be dashed .
Mubarak , who was Sadat ’s vice president , has been in power since 1981 and Egypt ’s leaders have traditionally served until they die or are removed by a military coup .
Mubarak has never named a vice president for fear of grooming an alternative to himself or his son , Gamal .
There are , however , a number of small political parties and civil society groups that appear eager to enter the fray .
Popular distaste for Mubarak has increased to such an extent that many Egyptians are urging Mohamed ElBaradei , former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , to run .
On Feb.
24 , ElBaradei announced that he was setting up a " National Front for Change " to push for reforms that would ease the regime ’s control over nominations .
Egyptian officials say it is foolish to think the United States can change Mubarak ’s political behavior despite the fact that his country has received $ 1.3 billion a year in U.S. military aid since it signed a peace treaty with Israel in 1979 .
" The notion that any progress [ or as some would charge reversal ] in Egypt ’s reform process is somehow the result of external pressure or lack thereof is simplistic and misguided , " said Karim Haggag , spokesman for the Egyptian Embassy in Washington .
Even some Americans agree that there are limits to what the United States can achieve in a country as old , proud , and prickly as Egypt .
" You ca n’t treat a 5,000 - year - old civilization like it ’s under colonial tutelage , " said a former senior U.S. diplomat in Egypt , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is still in the Foreign Service .
Wittes , who warned in a 2008 book , Freedom ’s Unsteady March , that the Middle East would become increasingly unstable without political reforms , defends the softer U.S. approach .
" Our goal is not to make a splash .
It is to have an impact , " said Wittes , a former Brookings Institution academic who is experiencing that quintessential Washington reward and punishment : being put in charge of the programs she used to critique .
" I would not have taken this job if I did n’t think that this was an administration committed to the issue and committed to making an impact , " Wittes added .
The U.S. goal for upcoming elections in Egypt , Wittes said , " is to see an open , free , and fair process in which Egyptians and the international community have confidence . "
She added that there is " a long list of things that would contribute to what we ’d like to see , " among them protecting freedom of expression and making it easier for NGOs to register and operate .
Wittes said Obama did bring up human rights and democracy with Mubarak when the Egyptian leader came to Washington in August .
She noted that the State Department rebuked Egypt on Jan. 15 , when security forces arrested a group of bloggers traveling to a town that had been the scene of violence against Coptic Christians .
The bloggers were quickly freed .
Beyond Egypt
The Obama approach — leaving public criticism largely to State Department press guidance — has been similar in Jordan , which has seen scant progress in democratic rights in recent years as government promises to open independent broadcast outlets have gone unfulfilled and gerrymandering continues to underrepresent Palestinians in favor of East Bankers .
Saudi Arabia , another key U.S. Arab ally , has progressed a bit under the leadership of King Abdullah , who in 2009 named a new cabinet that for the first time included a female deputy minister .
But the kingdom still has few democratic features .
The administration has increased support for MEPI , which has evolved since its creation in 2002 from a fuzzy regional effort to one that nurtures a growing cadre of civic activists .
Congress appropriated $ 65 million for MEPI in the current fiscal year — up from $ 50 million in each of the previous two fiscal years .
The administration is requesting $ 86 million for fiscal 2011 .
Bothina Ahmad , 23 , is a beneficiary of MEPI .
The Qatari student said she got 336 hours of training in 2008 and 2009 from the National Democratic Institute ( NDI ) , one of several Reagan - era organizations created to promote democracy in Latin America and Eastern Europe and now active in the Middle East .
Ahmad set up the first political club in her university , attracting 30 young men and women .
She said they hope to build awareness about a key societal issue , possibly Qatar ’s 60 percent divorce rate — the highest in the Arab world .
Ahmad is writing a book , Diary of a Qatari Woman , about the challenges of forming stable marriages in a society where bride and groom may meet only a dozen times in supervised situations before they marry .
Promoting social change is safer than seeking political reform in Qatar , a tiny emirate best known for its Al Jazeera television network , which tends to criticize every Arab country but Qatar .
Ahmad said she has no interest in changing the form of government .
Oil and gas revenues make Qataris rich , and the royal family ensures that Qatar is " much more peaceful than other Middle East countries , " she said .
Her involvement with NDI has affected her views toward the United States , however .
" We used to believe that Saudi Arabia was our big brother , " she said .
" I really believe that we are becoming very attached to the U.S. as our big brother . "
Democracy professionals point to other achievements of the U.S. effort .
Sensing the mood in Washington , Morocco in 2004 changed a reactionary family - status law that discriminated against women .
In Egypt , MEPI money supported election monitors who in 2005 disclosed that turnout for Egypt ’s first nominally contested presidential election was only 23 percent .
Last year , four women won election to the Kuwaiti parliament .
Les Campbell , NDI ’s regional director for the Middle East and North Africa , also points to progress in Yemen .
Although Yemen " could go south in many ways " because of separatist and militant challenges , he said , a peaceful " opposition is very viable and is agitating big time to replace " President Ali Abdullah Saleh in 2013 .
Brumberg , however , warns that U.S. grants might actually prolong authoritarian government .
MEPI " inadvertently fragments the political space " by giving so many grants to such small entities , he said .
" It looks like pluralism , but the regimes like it because it divides the opposition . "
In a recent working paper for USIP , Brumberg wrote that the United States should push for a transition from " state - managed liberalization to democratic transformation " — meaning real , not cosmetic reforms .
Regimes , he wrote , " must be encouraged to repeal the array of exceptional laws , defamation codes , political party registration statutes and religiously based laws that … hinder free expression and assembly . "
Wittes wrote something similar in her book , in which she compared the Bush approach to " putting a Band - Aid over a gaping wound . "
" Until American democracy assistance programs engage the most powerful tools the United States can bring to bear — namely , its diplomatic and economic relations with Arab governments — all the small - bore programs in the world will not do the job . "
This is not new but has recently spread on the Chinese internet again .
On China.com and cn.MSN.com :
Japanese women vs. Chinese women : A little mean , but makes some good points !
1 .
Japanese women often teach their children to bravely fight the forces of evil , and even if they lose , it is still infinitely glorious , the highest honor .
Chinese women often teach their children that when they encounter the forces of evil they must be good at hiding / running away / avoiding .
They say that God will punish them [ the forces of evil ] .
2 .
Japanese women believe Japan is the world ’s greatest country .
Chinese women usually believe that the moon may be rounder abroad [ “ the grass is greener ” ] .
3 .
Japanese women usually believe marrying foreigners is a kind of disgrace .
Chinese women usually feel that marrying foreigners is a kind of infinite glory .
4 .
Japanese women are normally lady - like , but dirty in bed .
Many Chinese women are lady - like in bed , but dirty out of bed .
5 .
Most Japanese women abide by the rules of a woman , supporting her husband , raising her children , dutifully .
China is the world ’s number one country for one - night stands and extramarital affairs .
6 .
Japanese women are almost all very filial , seeing their mother - in - law as their own mother .
Most Chinese women are all too eager for their mother - in - law to quickly die .
7 .
Japanese wives treat their husbands with encouragement and concern .
Returning home late at night exhausted at the end of a day , the wife will say “ you ’ve had a tough day . ”
Chinese wives treat their husbands with complaints and scolding .
Returning home late at night exhausted at the end of a day , the wife will roar “ where the hell did you go this time ? ”
8 .
Most young Japanese girls will find a man who is around their age to marry , and make a life with him together .
Young Chinese girls always find a wealthy “ old ” man , and do n’t mind even being his Nth mistress / wife .
9 .
Japanese mothers teach their daughters to look after their husbands , and diligently be filial to her parents - in - law .
Chinese mothers teach their daughters that they must keep firm control of all the man ’s assets .
10 .
Japanese women can tolerate men without money [ poor men ] , but definitely cannot tolerate cowardly and weak men .
Chinese women can tolerate cowardly and weak men , but definitely cannot tolerate men without money .
11 .
Japanese women see manly men as the most charming men .
Chinese women see manly men as male chauvinists .
12 .
Most Japanese women are very lenient towards men ’s infidelity .
Most Chinese women are very lenient towards their own infidelity .
13 .
Japanese women almost never say bad things about Japanese men in public or in the media .
Chinese women always loudly curse and mock Chinese men on various media .
14 .
The first words of Japanese women on their wedding night is : “ If I do not look after / service you well tonight , please be forgiving . ”
The first words of Chinese women on their wedding night is : “ Hurry and see how much money was received today . ”
Comments from cn.MSN.com :
MR.lau :
Different countries have different cultures .
njmct :
There are good things and bad things .
Chinese people just have more bad things .
Eugenie :
Japan has more virgins …
喜获 :
Japan has AV [ adult video ] women , China does not , this is the root .
ohyeah0715 :
Haha … I see it as just a joke = =
Some definitely make some sense … though if women saw this they probably would be very unhappy …
Some of it is different circumstances , some things result from different traditions and culture … society is the key , and actually women are innocent …
SIMPLE -KATE :
Many of them are not accurate , just ask those who have experience studying abroad in Japan , not a single one wants to marry Japanese women .
EllaZhang2010 :
Seeing this makes me feel the lou zhu is Japanese .
With the conditions being different in the two countries , there is nothing that is comparable .
Using this post to put down a country is a bit too comical .
梨涡浅浅 :
I bet the lou zhu was born in Japan .
If not , then he must be sent by Japanese to stir up trouble with China .
安柒佑 :
Just as the LZ said , what can not be denied is that it does reflect some characteristics of Chinese female’s .
But Chinese people have always been an arrogant people , unwilling to listen to our own bad side ,
nor willing to search for the problems on ourselves , but instead will search for the shortcomings of the other party and fight back …
LZ ‘s post can be very controversial , can be very explosive !
牛百万 :
I think the “ Chinese ” and “ Japanese ” in the post should all be changed to “ some ” .
Taking a part as the whole will only hurt the majority of innocent people .
I trust that the two types of women in the post both appear in every country .
Everyone knows that China is a “ large denominator ” country , so , I am willing to say , China has more good women than any country in the world ;
At the same time , China ’s also has the most bad women in the world .
We must face ourselves .
This post is obviously being too extreme ~
cqc4500 :
May I ask those who approve of these sayings , have you guys ever met / known / interacted with Japanese women before ?
梦落百花殺 :
[ I ] only know that Japanese women are niubi in bed , the rest [ I ] do n’t really know ~ ~
A friend found a Japanese girlfriend , and he said that in less than 3 days , she had already said “ I love you ” and established their relationship .
Then pretty much every night thereafter , the girl has “ special requests ” , truly has a big appetite …
Comments from China.com :
antisb :
圣人不仁 :
It basically speaks the truth , and speaking of just Southeast Asia , Chinese women are all ranked from the bottom .
再平广岛 :
As someone who really hates Japanese people , in comparison , I too believe this is basically in accordance with teh truth .
* Sweating wildly …
再平广岛 :
Although , there ’s something I forgot to say .
With Japanese women being this good , this only increases my motivation to exterminate Japanese men .
天才笨笨猪 :
Comrades must work hard , so we may seize / occupy Japan in the future , kill all Japanese men , and steal all the Japanese women .
杀回人生 :
Had I known sooner I would n’t have gotten married !!
~ Too late now !!~
最后红卫兵 :
Do you guys know that those who make AV in Japan these days are basically Chinese women ?
I have n’t watched AV in a long time , so the ones you guys are watching are probably older ones …
And what more , they always have the Chinese perform the most obscene / dirty kind …
modi12 :
While it is true that Chinese women have relatively more shortcomings , Japanese women are far from perfect .
Take for example them waiting for you at the door when you return home , helping hold your bag / briefcase and saying you ’ve had a tough day .
This is just Japan ’s basic etiquette , there ’s no real meaning / sincerity .
After marriage , Japanese women often just stay at home and no longer work , not independent like Chinese women , and what more , they believe that if they still have to go out and work after getting married , they will be looked down upon by others .
凤山道人 :
Chinese women these days are seriously too dirty , too lousy , and too shameless !!!
小烦 :
All a result of education / upbringing .
China ’s education / upbringing cannot even be called “ failure ” .
Using “ shameless ” to describe would be more appropriate .
Actually , louzhu only criticizing Chinese women is very unfair .
It is not as if Chinese men are any better .
In today ’s Chinese society , the men are thieves , the women are whores , the old are hooligans , the young are bastards .
Poll
What alliance is stronger ?
Men vs. women
Country vs. country View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Japanese girls and Chinese girls .
chinaSMACK personals .
i Pad Factory in the Firing Line Worker Suicides Have Electronics Maker Uneasy in China
A series of apparent suicides has shaken the management of Foxconn , an electronics manufacturer that builds parts and assembles products for many Silicon Valley firms .
Hundreds of thousands of people live and work at a Foxconn factory complex in southern China , in what critics say are sweat - shop conditions .
Today , Chris Whalen 's Institutional Risk Analytics carries a fantastic piece by Alan Boyce , in which the author picks up where we left off some time ago in deconstructing the DV01 of the Federal Reserve 's SOMA .
As a reminder , using Jefferies data , we observed that the Fed 's DV01 on its balance sheet is about $ 1 billion ( the potential unrealized profit / loss for every basis point move in interest rates , and with ZIRP here , rates can only go up , so make that just loss without the profit ) .
Alan Boyce , a former Fed member , CFC executive , and Soros portfolio manager , provides a more granular analysis of the Fed 's holdings and comes up with an even scarier DV01 : one that is 50 % higher , or a $ 1,509 million / bp .
This means that the Fed faces a " $ 75 billion loss for the first 50 bps move in the markets . "
As before , it is obvious why the Fed will do everything in its power to keep rates as low as possible for as long as possible , as the vicious cycle that will begin with increasing rates will make all future press releases of how much money the US taxpayer has " made " on the US ' bailout of the mortgage industry far more problematic .
Boyce also discusses how precisely it is that the Fed has managed to maintain rates at current record low levels for so long , what the cost of an appropriate hedging portfolio would be , and , critically , the implications of what will happen when markets realize that we are caught in a state of artificial suspended and Fed- endorsed animation .
The primary conclusion : look for interest rate volatility to surge by 50 % even as the Fed scrambles to cover hundreds of billions in losses in its portfolio sooner or later .
Boyce 's summary is basically that the countdown to the end of the Fed QE regime is now on : " If you look at forward fed funds ( Eurodollar curve less basis swap ) , the FRB will go negative carry in March 2015 , where 3 month financing rates are forecast to be over 5 % ( just gets worse and worse from there ) .
The point here is that mark - to - market accounting is an iron law .
You can not escape the losses just because you do not report them .
If the FRB loses $ 200 billion on mark to market , there will be $ 200 billion LESS that they remit to the Treasury Department every year .
That will require legislation to either raise taxes or lower spending by $ 200 billion ( or run up bigger Federal debt to be paid back by another generation ) . "
Must read analysis .
First , a summary of the Fed 's actions from the perspective of an MBS trader :
Over the last year the administration and the Fed have undertaken several measures , in the form of FPP , that are yielding short term positive benefits .
Specifically :
1. Duration - the FRB / Treasury 's programs have taken more duration out of the bond market than could be created in 2 - 3 years .
This has kept long term interest rates much lower than they would otherwise have been .
The yield curve has been artificially depressed , by at least 75 basis points , due to this reduction in the aggregate duration ( price risk of the whole US bond market ) .
This directly impacted credit and increased the price of all credit instruments .
2. Reduced Volatility -
The result of the FPP removing a sizable chunk of mortgages out of private market hands is a reduction in the amount of convexity hedging in the near term .
This drives down actual volatility in the fixed income markets .
The FPP also forced many bond fund managers to replicate mortgages , in part by selling volatility , thereby compressing implied volatility .
This became self - reinforcing as lower volatility allows for increased risk in portfolios which in turn reduces volatility as liquidity returns to markets .
Volatility compressed across asset classes .
And , reduced volatility directly impacted credit spreads , equity valuations , and commodity prices .
As we know , the FRB recently ended its purchase program .
And this is where the mortgage trader 's perspective may prove useful .
A clear and consistent focus on mortgage duration risk shows us that we may face a series of large and as yet underappreciated challenges .
The sooner we collectively understand these issues , the better we can address them .
The rest of this article will describe my efforts to calculate the duration of the FRB / Treasury purchase programs and give my perspective on what will happen when the purchase programs end and underlying dynamics of mortgage duration assert themselves .
How does one calculate the specific DV01 of the Fed and how much will a hedge cost ?
Annex 1 shows the MBS position of the FRB as of 12/30/09 , which includes ' reported ' settled positions and forward purchases ( reported weekly ) .
Essentially , this is the risk position of the Federal Reserve .
An MBS trader ( or investor ) would calculate their risk using such a position sheet , in combination with various estimates of the duration of each underlying security .
All of the analysis is done using 12/30/09 prices and durations .
By using OAD calculations from standard prepay models ( which are too fast ) , the FRB had $ 460 million of price risk per basis point or " mm/ bp " as of year - end .
If you scale this up for the remaining purchases and the purchases by the Treasury Department , you get $ 776 mm / bp .
This is using Option Adjusted Durations implied by pre-payment models that were conditioned on the housing market from 2002 to 2008 .
Those prepayment estimates are significantly faster than what has been experienced in the last two years .
If you use durations implied by coupon spreads ( a pretty accurate measure of how the bond market views the current price risk on MBS ) then your duration value of a basis point move in the markets or " DV01 " jumps to $ 643 mm .
Scaled up for the whole program , you get $ 1,071 mm / bp .
If rates go up by 50 bp , the FRB and Treasury would expect to lose $ 54 billion .
If rates go up even more , assume durations extend and the losses on the next 50 bp increase would be $ 75 - 90 billion .
If the FRB and Treasury were to hedge their negative convexity risk ( bonds fall more than they rise for a given move in interest rates ) they would need to buy interest rate options .
The most likely option would be a 3yr into 7yr swaption , which currently trades at 5 points .
If you hedged to coupon spread implied durations , you would be buying 3yr into 10yr swaptions , which currently trade at 6.5 points .
There would be significant reflexivity if that amount of swaptions were bought ( prices would be higher if there were more buyers ) .
I estimate the average price paid would be at least 50 % higher and have confirmed this with some of the best option traders in the world .
Bottom line : it would cost $ 142 billion for the FRB and Treasury to hedge the short optionality of their current MBS position .
The Risk of Other Bonds Purchased : Treasuries , Agencies , TIPs and Maiden Lane
These calculations are again based upon year - end positions .
The durations are estimated by breaking each category of debt instrument into several buckets , estimating a duration for the bucket and then calculating a simple weighted average .
Asset Position $ B ) Duration DV01 ( $ M ) Treasuries 707 5yr 353 TIPs 47 6yr 28 GSE debt 160 2yr 32 Other ( Maiden Lane etc ) 50 5yr 25 Total 964 4.55yr 438
The weighted average duration is 4.55 years with a DVO1 of $ 438 mm per basis point .
I will assume that since December , the remaining purchases have been in MBS instead of the other debt categories .
Together with the scaled up to final size purchases of MBS , that would be $ 1,509 mm / bp or a $ 75 billion loss for the first 50 bp move in the markets .
So what is the real duration of the market , or in other words how much duration has the Fed taken out of the market ?
Accounting for the Net Duration
Add to the US bond market
Mortgage market duration is estimated to have been roughly the same during the period of the FPP .
There was no large scale refinancing , a sure - fire method to increase duration .
The duration embedded in the existing mortgages increased slightly due to lower housing turnover and labor mobility .
The recent GSE buybacks of > 120 Day delinquent loans acts to reduce the duration of mortgages , as loans that were completely unable to voluntarily prepay are removed from the system .
Municipal market shrank in 2009 .
This was aided by help from the Federal government in the form of Build America taxable bond issuance and significant grants to State HFAs .
Corporate bond market is small and did not grow in 2009 .
Net Treasury issuance as $ 1.4 trillion , with a 4 year maturity and a 3 year duration .
This is a net add of duration of which is $ 420 mm / basis point -- the net result .
The FPP took out $ 1.509 billion of duration per basis point .
The mortgage market , municipal market and corporate bond market are estimated to have added zero net duration to the aggregate .
The funding of a very large budget deficit required a significant duration add , $ 420 mm / bp , by the Treasury Department .
Conclusion : the FPP reduced aggregate duration in the financial markets by almost 3.6 x the duration that was added to the system during the period !
This has kept long term interest rates much lower than they would otherwise have been .
Without this , interest rates would have been higher , the yield curve would have been significantly steeper , and options would have been more expensive .
Think the Fed 's departure from the capital markets on March 31 is priced in ?
Think again .
Market are simply once again demonstrating that EMT is totally flawed .
What are the Implications of Ending the FPP ?
1 ) Duration : MBS widening out will result in lower prices for agency pass - thus , this will lead to an immediate increase in the calculated OAD of the aggregate mortgage index and drive the curve steeper .
A steepening of another 50 bp will cost the FRB another $ 84 billion .
Agency MBS spreads are 90bp tight to their historical average spread of 120 basis points to US10yr .
If spreads widen out to the average ( ceteris paribus ) the FRB will lose $ 147 billion .
Prepayment models used for convexity hedging are slow to adjust .
Like historical models that failed during the crises of 2008 , prepayment models will ultimately be seen as failing to recognize the enormity of the duration problem .
Moving forward , refinance activity will surprise to the downside .
Mortgage rates are coming off record lows .
And , the creditworthiness of the delinquent homeowners still working through the system will impede refinance activity .
2 ) Options Volatility :
The end of FPP shorting options will drive interest rate volatility up by 50 % , making the cost of covering the short options position rise to $ 213 billion .
Options traders tend to be agnostic as to what options markets they play in .
When fixed income implied volatility increases , option sellers will be more likely to short options to the bond market and less likely to short options to the commodity , equity and foreign exchange markets .
These options markets are all linked by investors .
Expect implied volatility in all other markets to rise when the world 's biggest sell program of long dated options ends .
3 ) Fiscal Policy :
If the FRB were to just explicitly short payer swaptions , they would generate significant option premium which they would book as income .
That income would revert to the Treasury department and the FRB would be wishing , hoping and praying that interest rates never move .
Instead they are implicitly shorting the options through the unhedged purchase of MBS , generating cash income , which they report and remit to Treasury .
If interest rates were to rise , the yield curve to steepen and / or interest rate volatility to rise , the FRB would suffer a huge mark - to - market loss .
This would not be reported on their cash basis income statement .
They would continue to book cash income , as long as the book yield of their MBS purchases exceeds their financing rate ( paying interest on excess reserves ) .
The Federal Reserve does not mark to market , instead runs a " cash income statement " .
If you look at forward fed funds ( Eurodollar curve less basis swap ) , the FRB will go negative carry in March 2015 , where 3 month financing rates are forecast to be over 5 % ( just gets worse and worse from there ) .
The point here is that mark - to - market accounting is an iron law .
You can not escape the losses just because you do not report them .
If the FRB loses $ 200 billion on mark to market , there will be $ 200 billion LESS that they remit to the Treasury Department every year .
That will require legislation to either raise taxes or lower spending by $ 200 billion ( or run up bigger Federal debt to be paid back by another generation ) .
4 ) Excess Reserves :
The end to the FPP will not change excess reserves , but who cares since they are being lent back to the FRB at federal funds target rate of 25 bp .
The Federal Reserve has plans to remove the excess reserves via reverse repo agreements ( used to be called matched sales back in the non-borrowed reserve targeting regime ) .
If the Federal Reserve wished to sell all of the bonds purchased , the expectation is that they would receive lower prices than they paid .
The FRB would then need to issue " FRB bills " to soak up the remaining excess reserves , equal to the dollar loss on the round - trip bond trade .
And the one question everyone is asking : " when ? "
When Will This All Unfold ?
Using efficient markets hypothesis , this information is freely available so the effects of the end of the purchase program should be fully priced into the financial markets .
So why did n't bonds fall dramatically in anticipation ?
There are a couple of potential explanations .
First , financial markets are not efficient .
They are not the best prediction of what will happen in the future .
As recent events confirm , financial markets are quite myopic , able to see at most three months ahead .
And markets can be distorted when participants are incentivized by factors other than profit .
The Fed 's participation in the bond markets was not driven by a desire to profit from their purchases .
They systematically purchased mortgages ( and Treasuries ) without regard to price .
This can have a distorting effect that is not recognized until their influence on the markets is removed .
Second , their involvement in markets not only influences the prices of assets but they influence the behavior of other market participants .
As discussed above , many real money buyers synthetically created mortgages because of the lack of supply due to FPP .
Finally , the Fed removed a huge stock of mortgages from the pool of available mortgages in the secondary market .
The impact will be felt for some time until the flow of new mortgages begins to trickle into the secondary market providing additional liquidity .
In the meantime , there is a real danger of a buyer 's strike as participants sit back and wait to see what happens now that the program is finished .
This is happening at a time that the economic data is coming in strong adding to pressure in fixed income markets .
If markets were to become unglued , the Fed may purchase more mortgages and Treasury debt .
The question is how other central bankers and market participants would react to this .
Foreign central bankers will likely snap and become sellers if the Fed decides to monetize more debt .
Also , domestic and foreign market participants would likely take it as a sign that the Fed is politically unable to exit the mortgage market and unable to exit quantitative easing .
As FPP ends , there is the real potential for unintended consequences in domestic and foreign markets .
To all those who say buy the market - good luck .
All we are doing at this point is literally shuffling the deck chairs as the Fed has managed to plug the leak for at best 5 years .
Those who have access to the discount window and to the steep yield curve have at most 5 years in which to transfer as much future assets to the present discounted at the ridiculous zero interest rate which the Fed has so far successfully managed to defend .
Forget the Fed selling assets : the Fed now realizes , as we have long claimed , that the conviction move by the market to an increasing rate exposure is all that will take to destroy the balance sheet of the biggest bank in the world , that of the Federal Reserve .
Various tests by the 10 Year of the 4 % resistance have so far been driven primarily by risk reallocation with equities .
As Boyce points out , this is untenable and is a function of the ongoing delusion between stocks and bonds that without the Fed cutting duration as much as it has ( not to mention that the average UST maturity profile is still woefully short ) , we would now be starting at an S&P level far lower than the infamous 666 lows .
Yet the inevitability of this happening sooner or later is guaranteed : unless the CNY manages to become the reserve currency in the next 5 years , and the Fed somehow succeeds to convince the world that devaluing the dollar is what the Fed is all about , all we are doing is waiting for the hull of the USS America to fill with ice cold water and slowly sink .
Full Alan Boyce piece can be read here .
Never has a human population been found that has no racial stereotypes .
Not in other cultures or far - flung countries .
Nor among tiny tots or people with various psychological conditions .
Until now .
Children with Williams syndrome , a rare genetic disorder that makes them lack normal social anxiety , have no racial biases .
They do , however , traffic in gender stereotypes , said study researcher Andreas Meyer - Lindenberg of the University of Heidelberg in Germany .
Normally , children show clear preferences for their own ethnic group by the age of three , if not sooner , other research has shown .
And , indeed , the children in this study without Williams syndrome reliably assigned good traits , such as friendliness , to pictures of people the same race as themselves .
When asked something negative , such as " which is the naughty boy , " they overwhelmingly pointed to the other race .
Children with Williams syndrome , however , were equally likely to point to the white or black child as naughty or friendly .
While this study was done with white children , other research has shown that blacks and people of other races also think more highly of their own , Meyer - Lindenberg told LiveScience .
Williams syndrome is caused by a gene deletion known to affect the brain as well as other organs .
As a result , people with Williams syndrome are " hypersocial , " Meyer - Lindenberg told .
They do not experience the jitters and inhibitions the rest of us feel .
" The whole concept [ of social anxiety ] would be foreign to them , " he said .
They will put themselves at great peril to help someone and despite their skills at empathy , are unable to process social danger signals .
As a result , they are at increased risk for rape and physical attack .
Nature or nurture ?
While the first human population to demonstrate race - neutrality is missing critical genes , " we are not saying that this is all biologically - based and you can't do anything about it , " Meyer - Lindenberg said .
" Just because there is a genetic way to knock the system out , does not mean the system itself is 100 percent genetic , " he said .
The study does show , however , that racism requires social fear .
" If social fear was culturally reduced , racial stereotypes could also be reduced , " Meyer - Lindenberg said .
Despite their lack of racial bias , children with Williams syndrome hold gender stereotypes just as strongly as normal children , the study found .
That is , 99 percent of the 40 children studied pointed to pictures of girls when asked who played with dolls and chose boys when asked , say , who likes toy cars .
The fact that Williams syndrome kids think of men and women differently , but not blacks and whites , shows that sex stereotypes are not caused by social anxiety , Meyer - Lindenberg said .
This may be because we learn about gender within " safe " home environments , while a different race is usually a sign of someone outside our immediate kin .
( Studies to test this explanation , such as with racially - mixed families , have not yet been done . )
Racial biases are likely rooted in a general fear of others , while gender stereotypes may arise from sweeping generalizations , Meyer - Lindenberg said .
" You watch mother make the meals , so you generalize this to everyone female . "
In their heads
Due to the present study , we now know that " gender and race are processed by different brain mechanisms , " Meyer - Lindenberg said , although those involved in gender are less understood .
Previous work has shown that in the brains of people with Williams syndrome , the amygdala — the emotional seat of the brain — fails to respond to social threats .
While the amygdala itself is functionally normal , it is misguided by the pre-frontal cortex — the executive of the brain — to block all social anxiety .
This system is now thought to underlie racism , but it seems uninvolved in the formation of sex stereotypes .
Meyer - Lindenberg and colleagues are now using brain imaging to get a clearer picture of how racism and sexism are differentiated in the brain .
The present study was published in the journal Current Biology .
Top 10 Things that Make Humans Special
Humans Can See Race and Sex Even in Simple Outlines
Top 10 Mysteries of the Mind
The absurd and awful saga of sf writer Dr Peter Watts 's adventures with the US border are finally at a close , and the news is moderately good .
For those of you who missed it the first time around : Peter is a Canadian marine biologist and sf writer .
He helped a friend relocate to the US , and , while driving back , found that US customs officers had opened his trunk and begun to search his car while he was in it , without saying anything .
Peter had never encountered a US search on his way out of America , let alone a completely unannounced one .
So he got out of his car and said something like , " Hey , what 's going on ? "
The customs officers ordered him to get back into his car and he said something like , " But what 's going on ? "
That 's when they beat him to the slushy ground , gassed him with pepper spray and charged him with a felony ( " obstruction " ) .
He was held in wet clothes in an unheated cell overnight during a snowstorm , then released and told to come back for his trial , where he would face up to two years in prison for his crime .
At the trial , the guards gave ridiculous , self - contradictory testimony ( they said Peter had fought them ) , and the videos showed that Peter 's side of the story was the correct one .
He got out of his car , asked a simple question , then failed to instantly obey the barked order of the customs officer .
This failure to be instantly obedient is apparently all the statute required , and Peter was found guilty .
His jurors subsequently found their way onto his blog and apologized , but said that the judge instructed them that they had to find guilty if Peter had been anything less than instantaneously and wholeheartedly cooperative .
Then came the sentencing recommendation .
The prosecutor , after making noises about a suspended sentence , came back with a recommended six - month sentence .
That was where things stood yesterday , when Peter drove to Port Huron for his sentencing .
But the judge saw some reason and suspended Peter 's sentence .
Whew .
Peter Watts is free
( Thanks to everyone who sent in this great news )
You never quite know when a given volcano is going to erupt — but you can bet on it .
Ireland ’s biggest bookmaker , Paddy Power , jetted to fame among geologists in early January , when it announced its latest novelty bet : which of a handful of famous volcanoes around the world would be the next to powerfully erupt .
The idea began with an eruption .
In mid-December 2009 , Mount Mayon volcano in the Philippines began spewing ash clouds and lava .
The eruption attracted the attention of some eager betters , who lobbied for the opportunity to take their chances on other twitchy volcanoes .
Within a week , Paddy Power obliged , determining eruption odds for about a dozen volcanoes around the world .
Since then , the list has continued to grow , as betters request odds for their favorite volcanoes ; the odds for each volcano on the list , according to Paddy Power spokesperson Ken Robertson , are determined with the help of an anonymous “ London - based geologist . ”
The payoff will come from the first volcano to erupt with a Volcanic Explosivity Index ( VEI ) of at least 3 , on a scale ranging from 0 ( non-explosive , like many Hawaiian eruptions ) to 8 ( mega - colossal , with long - lasting effects on climate and landscape , like the eruption of Indonesia ’s Toba 74,000 years ago ) .
VEI is based on how much ash and lava the volcano erupts , the height of the ash cloud , and other factors .
Japan ’s Mount Unzen is still the odds - on favorite at 3 - 1 , with other famous volcanoes ( the Congo ’s Nyiragongo , 4 - 1 , and Hawaii ’s Mauna Loa , 9 - 1 ) close behind .
But a dark horse candidate emerged in March , when an Icelandic volcano near Eyjafjallajökull glacier , 75 meters east of Reykjavik , erupted with a VEI of 1 after remaining quiet for 200 years .
The volcano was quickly added to the list the next day , with Paddy Power offering odds of 28 - 1 .
“ Quite a few people started getting into it , ” Robertson says .
In mid-April , when Eyjafjallajökull erupted again , hundreds of betters rushed overnight to place bets on the volcano , prompting Paddy Power to slash the odds to 5 - 1 to reduce the company ’s potential liability .
In late April , as the eruption continued , Paddy Power offered a second betting option :
When the eruption would stop .
Although most of the betting at Paddy Power is on sports events , politics and celebrity gossip , many of the site ’s novelty bets comprise a grim lineup of science - related speculations , such as “ Extinction Specials ” ( a recent bet was on the polar bear count by the World Wildlife Fund as of Dec. 31 , 2011 ) .
Another novelty bet involves the setting of the Doomsday Clock , a giant clock at the University of Chicago that since 1947 has allegorically told the time of man ’s proximity to global destruction ( currently set at six minutes to “ midnight ” ) .
Betters can gamble on when it will next be reset , and whether the reset will put us closer to doom ( five minutes , 11 - 8 odds ) or farther away ( seven minutes , 4 - 1 odds ) .
For anyone in the U.S. who is mulling over whether to place a volcano bet , however — do n’t bother : Paddy Power is not currently accepting bets from people across the pond , where it is still illegal in many states to engage in online gambling .
Regina Multicultural Council - Office Hours 2020
RMC 's office hours will be 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. , 1:30 - 5:00 p.m. Monday - Thursday ( Closed Friday and Stat Holidays )
( Note : Office is closed between 1:00 - 1:30 pm )
Mosaic 2020 Cancelled
Regina Multicultural Council ( RMC ) Cancels “ Mosaic – A Festival of Cultures ” for 2020 .
In light of the COVID - 19 pandemic , the Regina Multicultural Council ( RMC ) has made the difficult decision to cancel Mosaic – A Festival of Cultures .
The event was to be held June 4 - 6 , 2020 .
Rest assured , Mosaic will return in 2021 , as vibrant , and exciting as before , with events already scheduled for May 27 - 29 , 2021 .
While this is heartbreaking news for many , including the Mosaic Committee , the participant pavilions , the thousands of volunteers , the partners , and our community , our focus at this time is to ensure the health and safety of Regina residents and those in surrounding communities .
We are grateful to our sponsors and community partners for their support and understanding of our decision .
Regina has a rich heritage that deserves to be celebrated and we look forward to experiencing this amazing cultural event with you in 2021 .
Please contact Nish Prasad , Mosaic Chair @ ( 306 ) 533-0977 or email nishchal@sasktel.net for further information .
Nish Prasad Chairperson -Mosaic 2020 .
Pip Goes to Town
My tale opens on a misunderstanding .
Obligated to assign one book report a year , my seventh - grade English teacher hit upon an ingenious alternative : why not show us the movie instead ?
Compounding the tarted - up accessibility of that cinematic streetwalker , literary adaptation , was the neatness with which an untold amount of class time spent reading and discussing the rococo bedswappings of Linton ’s and Earnshaw ’s in Emily Brontë ’s Wuthering Heights could be siphoned into the 105 minutes it takes to watch Emily Brontë ’s Wuthering Heights ( 1992 ) .
Since we were still expected to write as though we had read the book , CliffsNotes were distributed all round , which proved an almost Brontëan twist of fate once we found out that the videotape ’s audio was fatally corroded and unlistenable .
For years I regarded my gallant attempts to cobble together a summarized plot I could overdub onto poor distorted Juliette Binoche as the low point of my life in both words and images .
I ’ve since learned it was an important lesson , a necessary game of charades that prepared me for further adventures in that mystic third space where the book and its adaptation leave off and true misunderstanding begins .
Of course , nobody goes to the movies expecting to see their favorite novel faithfully illustrated , do they ?
As if moving pictures and soundtracks comprised a dimension accidentally left out of print !
Indignity at the cuts and plot compressions directors are obliged to make on behalf of their medium is the territory of boring conversations and bad dates , hijacked by people who want to be flattered for reading books .
Hewing to the letter makes for a crude visual list of a novel ’s contents .
Truffaut ’s diagnosis , directed at the literature - adapting team of Aurenche and Bost , was that psychological “ realism ” underestimated the capacities of cinema in boiling subtle novelistic nuance down to splashy mise - en - scène .
The latter - day team of Merchant and Ivory accustomed us to E. M. Forster proxies so soft - lensed and nostril - pinching they left us with the impression we had actually just read every word in the novel .
The Merchant - Ivory idea , in general , seemed to be to transliterate a story ’s most memorable scenes and lines of dialogue into an overall lacquer that at least subdued the purists .
Whoso list to look Emma Thompson in the eyes and complain of impropriety ?
A frequent condition of the Filmed Masterpiece is that novel - ness overlays novelty , and if the feeling persists that something has been lost amid all this emphasis on equivalency , it is still less reptilian than the wholesale reduction of Michael Ondaatje ’s novel The English Patient into breathy gibberish about the hollows of women ’s necks .
David Lean ’s 1965 version of Dr. Zhivago is another cinematic synecdoche , with the passion of lovers standing in for the twinned destiny of states and individuals ( though the addition of ice castles and Klaus Kinski is hard to hate ) .
In saying that only bad books can be adapted successfully , Luis Buñuel knew what he was talking about .
The free indirect discourse that allows a writer to speak directly to the reader has no easy equivalent in a medium that depends upon a singular eye .
The dismal lesson seems to be that films begin where the literary imagination runs dry and that to confuse image and print is to find yourself in the same predicament as a college acquaintance of mine who , citing an English teacher ’s assertion that Charles Dickens always used the name of his protagonists in his titles , insisted that the 1998 Ethan Hawke adaptation Great Expectations had been based on a book called either Crazy Times With Pip or Pip Goes to Town .
Dickens , of course , is that most pliable of writers , considered by Eisenstein to be the father of montage , and books the size of Great Expectations are obviously ready - made for epic sensibilities like David Lean’s .
Still , Lean ’s 1946 rendering of Great Expectations , with its frame purified of the sooty details and loopy subplots that act page - for - page as barometers for our sense of simulated reality , no longer resembles a novel at all ; reborn as escapist allegory , it might as well be Pip Goes to Town .
Clearly , the vocation of the director or screenwriter who ignores Buñuel ’s decree and aims to adapt a well - regarded doorstop of a novel lies not in what is kept , but in what is cut .
Besides , omission was supposed to be part of the fun !
How did they ever make a movie of Lolita ?
went the flirtatious 1962 tagline and , let us not forget , movie posters used to feature the cast of The Grapes of Wrath ( 1940 ) or Bambi ( 1942 ) superimposed over an open book cover , as if challenging the filmgoer to reconcile these obviously incompatible formats —
“ A cartoon version of Bambi ?
Now I ’ve seen everything ! ” Adaptation under the Hays Code was a mischievous , Oulipo - like game of restrictions that could result in genuinely exciting permutations , as in movies like Mildred Pierce and The Big Sleep ( 1945 and 1946 , respectively ) , which deviated wonderfully from their hardboiled source material .
As for higher art , the well - meaning efforts of auteurs to organically import existential fare like Kafka and Camus were doomed to flounder beside the wise excisions of Antonioni , who used only the germ of Cortázar ’s short story “ Blow - Up ” for his film , or ( in an extreme case ) Alain Robbe - Grillet ’s screenplay for Last Year At Marienbad ( 1961 ) , which putatively takes the conceit of an island party suspended from time and space from Adolfo Bioy Casares ’ sci- fi novella
The Invention of Morel and leaves out the beginning and ending , effectively doing away with anything that would explain the eerie , automatic competitions between vacationing parvenus .
It ’s with good reason that the most successful modern adaptations shed , like vestigial tails , the forgettable books that inspired them .
Who remembers that 1964 ’s Dr. Strangelove began with a paranoid Cold War thriller called Red Alert ?
Who cares that so many of the blockbusters of the 1970s were freely adapted from once - hot properties like The Exorcist , Jaws , and MASH : A Novel about Three Army Doctors ?
Meanwhile the dearth of box office hits derived from that era ’s postmodern vogue does n’t look like any great loss for either side ( 1981 ’s The French Lieutenant ’s Woman may be the only exception ) .
Mercifully , there are no known attempts to film , say , J. R. or The Crying of Lot 49 .
Moral or mental ambiguity tended to wind up commuted to dream - sequences : Carrie ( 1976 ) and Deliverance ( 1972 ) , both adaptations programmed to overwhelm their originals , end with shots of hands reaching out from beyond the grave to disturb the guilty sleep of their survivors .
When the movies returned to more sacrosanct literature , it was either with a weary sense of responsibility heralded by Daniel Day - Lewis and Dame Judi Dench , or some sneaky producer ’s “ improvements ” clutched to its bodice .
For example , what should be an innocuous substitution , in 1997 ’s The Wings of the Dove , of a Klimt painting for what the book has as a Bronzino , accomplishes the subjugation of a key emblem , leaving it a garish , drained ornament .
It is also an early indication that Henry James ’s Belle Époque has been retooled toward Burtonesque phantasmagoria , a suspicion borne out by the casting of Helena Bonham Carter as the novel ’s fascinatingly immoral — but not amoral — Kate Croy .
The insult is done one better in 1998 ’s Cousin Bette where , following a maniacally happy ending in which the seamstress achieves the revenge Balzac disallowed , we are unequivocally mooned by a scornful Elisabeth Shue and her cohorts .
And with good reason — the decision to star in one of these gross revisions is way more defensible than sitting through it .
We could be reading !
For all the bandied - about democracy of film as an art form , it is also the narrowest with regards to the room for interpretation it allows , collapsing the possibilities of narrative in the mind of the casual reader into a single , oppressive vision that — with their massive budget - backed compromises , tie - in paperbacks , and comely stars — ca n’t help but make each freshly scalped Love In the Time of Cholera ( 2007 ) , Never Let Me Go ( 2010 ) , Blindness ( 2008 ) , or The Road ( 2009 ) look like a feckless , despotic attempt to dress up one more arbitrary imagining as definitive .
Being forced to watch as nominally literary fiction like these last four are optioned , processed , and their posters festooned along the subway platform is akin to having some out - of - it big shot in a seersucker jacket plop down across from you in a Waffle House and ask “ Whatcha readin ’ there , boy ? ”
So why do we continue to do it , to treat ourselves to the likes of The Reader and The Lovely Bones , movies hamstrung first by the material they ’re obligated to emulate and second by their deviation from it ?
“ Because these stories are important ! ” Such , at least , seems to be the lesson to be absorbed from the ongoing renaissance of the Classics - as - teen - movie sub - genre , with the latest , 2010 ’s Easy A ( a rehabilitated Scarlet Letter ) , doing proud the tradition of 2006 ’s
She ’s the Man ( Twelfth Night ) and 1995 ’s Clueless ( Emma ) .
Images alter , prose attenuates to appease the test market but the narratives stick in our craw and insist that they are not done with us .
To deny them their recurrence is to succumb to the ironic despair of Michael Winterbottom ’s Tristam Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story ( 2006 ) or vanity projects like Al Pacino ’s Looking For Richard ( 1996 ) , each charmlessly coy about the impossibility of adaptation .
A plot that ’s been poached from its roost , carried far from authorial intention , and subjected to re-education comes back observing telling customs .
Kiss Me Deadly , from 1955 , gauged the national paranoia by trading Mickey Spillane ’s drug - bonanza McGuffin for a box of pure nuclear death .
De Palma ’s disastrous Bonfire of the Vanities ( 1990 ) is manifestly a product of the same 1980s greed it lampooned , and The Scarlet Letter ’s 1995 reconfiguration as a Demi Moore sex romp is a fascinating relic of the erotic thrillers that glutted that decade .
Disney ’s Treasure Island from 1950 — one of at least fifty movies based on Robert Louis Stevenson ’s adventure novel — where Jim Hawkins , like a good baby boomer , identifies with causes plainly detrimental to his kith and country , might have the most going for it .
Probably the first film version of Robert Louis Stevenson ’s novel to seize on the Oedipal fixation that joins Jim and Long John Silver ( played by Robert Newton , who here bequeaths pirate - talk to the ages , no mean thing ) , it admits to the essential violence done to our ability to generate our own ideas about what we read , the crime at the root of all adaptation : piracy .
Which brings me to another Treasure Island , or rather a film , directed by the Chilean exile Raoul Ruiz ( who died this August ) masquerading under that name .
But actually it is a form unique in the history of pictures and ideas , a conversation between the contradictory spirit of the invisible story and its manifestation in the world .
And Ruiz ’s films , bordered on all sides by mystery , are exemplars of what literary divergence can accomplish if it is prepared to be as interesting as it is unfaithful .
Still , the real hero of this story is the puckish and holy programming director who aired L’île au trésor ( completed in 1985 but apparently not formally released in France until 1994 ) on late - night cable television roughly ten years ago .
I was up very late , half asleep , visiting home after my first year away college , when premium cable gave me my first taste of this film that would become a weird and abiding obsession .
I had no way of knowing then that when I clicked off the television , the movie would all but vanish from existence .
Which is where my adventure begins in earnest .
Lucky Jim
“ My tale opens , ” the voiceover begins , in strangely accented English “ with a misunderstanding . ”
But actually , everything is where it should be .
Young Jim Hawkins lives in a room in his parents ’ coastal inn , sleeping through the day and watching television at night ( initially , this is the only hint that our story takes place in the present day ; Jim ’s duds are probationary fop ) .
He has his territory beneath the inn , in a system of caves he calls The Jolly Fellows , and his childhood is interrupted by the ordained parade of treasure - hunting mystery men .
There is the new lodger Captain Billy Bones , and Blind Pew — but neither is called by name .
Even Jim is mostly called “ Jonathan Cutino , ” though we hear his father and the Captain speaking of a “ Jim Hawkins . ”
Discrepancies accumulate amid ridiculous overplayed dialogue ( “ Do n’t hit a blind man if you want to find treasure .
Let the blind man hit you ! ” ) , even crazier narration that often does n’t seem to be what our hero is thinking at all ( “ Now I can see the unreal business of the blind man ’s funeral all over again , stripped at last of the question marks over the manner of death which haunted me for years . ” ) , and a surfeit of maniacal laughter .
The Captain ’s seduction of Jim ’s mother is strikingly anomalous — and not only because the Captain is played by Martin Landau and Jim ’s mother by Anna Karina .
The casting of cuddly Vic Tayback — cook Mel Sharples on television ’s Alice — as Long John Silver is almost as peculiar as the library of annotated copies of Treasure Island he keeps at his Lebanese restaurant — though he prefers to discuss shoes : “ I always go for the feet when I want to find out more about someone . ”
And what ’s Jean - Pierre Léaud doing skulking around the grounds ?
Is this even a real movie ?
Suddenly nothing is where it should be and it gradually dawns on us that we are on another island altogether .
Narratives do n’t so much accrue in Ruiz ’s Treasure Island as superimpose prismatically .
Just when think we recognize a particular signpost —
Bones dying of fear , Jim ’s eavesdropping on Silver ’s plot , the marooned Ben Gunn — Ruiz reveals his mutinous intent .
For one thing , the pirates do n’t look much like pirates , more like guerillas , revolutionaries .
Jim ’s friends the Doctor and the Squire appear without much fanfare .
Other characters , like participatory academic Aunt Helen , are without an analogue in the book .
The Oedipal strains of the Disney version have gone haywire , as everybody claims to be Jim ’s father and nobody seems terribly concerned with treasure .
But as Jim says — or , rather , as Jean - Pierre Léaud says , since we learn three quarters of the way through that he has literally run away with the script and has been telling the story from Jim ’s point of view —
“ I did n’t see why we could n’t just carry on without the treasure .
It was an adventure anyway . ”
By the time we reach the puzzle ’s solution , meanings are not just layered , they ’ve become a fossil record of incomplete ideas opening into a sea of suggestions , surprisingly few of which are undercut by the revelation that we ’ve been watching an exercise in militant game theory .
Silver is , in reality , Professor of Polemology ( war theory ) at the University of Ghent and the architect of an experimental game called Treasure Island that has been played once a year for almost thirty years .
Young Jim is the control , a child brought up under circumstances identical to the hero of Stevenson ’s book .
And Aunt Helen is a rival ideologue hoping to challenge Treasure Island ’s phallogocentrism , much to the disappointment of the rebuffed Squire , who is robbed , by the tides of normative empowerment , of his chance to play the dashing hero .
At the game ’s conclusion , the roles will be reshuffled : today ’s Jim is tomorrow ’s Silver , the worst player always becomes the stranded Ben Gunn and the best always becomes Israel Hands — who dies .
But alas , no reconstruction is perfect : in perhaps the funniest joke in the movie , Silver , disappointed that the action has fallen so far from the book , echoes the sentiments of any reader who has ever been outraged by a movie straying from its source : he fires a machine gun into the air while shouting “ It was not written !
It was not written ! ”
“ My films are not fiction films , but about fiction , ” Ruiz told the Australian journal Cinema Papers in 1993 , “ I have been interested primarily in the problem of how more than one fiction can coexist in the same instant . ”
Nesting a new story in an old , his Treasure Island sidesteps the contradiction common to almost every other remake by acknowledging that it ’s not in the nature of any tale to be retold without eventually becoming another .
By putting Jim Hawkins so squarely in our position , halfway between recognition and incredulity , he not only catches the moment when a beloved book blurs into a mainstream bastardization , he mimics the experience of watching one : the movie ’s Jim is increasingly bored by the developing action , sardonic regarding the machinations of the adults around him , bemused by the air of unreality , uninterested in uncovering secrets that he realizes depend on him ( he is , after all , the protagonist ) .
But he does draw certain conclusions that make his full - bodied captivity by the plot bearable ( like identifying the players who populate his hotel with the cast of his favorite television show , in a neat bit of mise en abyme ) .
Set adrift following the mutiny of their crew , Jim and his friends are lured aboard a ship whose captain claims to have captured Silver and his men .
He asks if anyone has read Benito Cereno , the “ prophetic masterpiece ” by Herman Melville .
Unfortunately , his reference to the novella , where prisoners pretend to be jailors and jailors pretend to be prisoners , is lost on our heroes , who walk into the trap .
Likewise , having read Treasure Island puts us on marginally firmer ground , but generally just outfits us with a different set of misunderstandings against Ruiz ’s incongruous , as he puts it , “ game of combinations . ”
Knowledge of a primary source may change the way its descendents are received , but Ruiz ’s films propose a model in which no narrative is privileged over another ; not when , together , they can imply whole new fictions .
In a film that allows every possible story to protrude — including literary blueprint , children ’s adventure movie , and academic analysis — the respect for the associative imagination is profound .
In one of the essay - lectures collected in Poetics of Cinema 2 ( from a supposed three - volume set , two of which were published in this country by Dis Voir in 1995 and 2007 , that is addressed to the reader prepared to view film “ as a machine for travel through space and time ” and is frankly still more accessible and easier to find than most of his films )
Ruiz writes :
Which is the true version ?
I answer : a film , one that we shall never watch , consisting of resonances and vicinities .
In each version that we watch , there lives , there vegetates , another film that we wo n’t see .
And if we could see the other , then the first version would be by its side as its neighbor , though a terribly noisy neighbor .
In film , more so than in other arts , coexistence and co-insistence . . . make themselves noticeable such that they determine a reflective and speculative off - screen .
That is to say , when we watch a film , any film , we have n’t seen it completely .
( “ Vicinity and Resonance , ” p. 64 )
The rooms in Jim ’s seaside hotel each contain a peephole ( or “ Eye of God ” ) , so that every guest can spy on every other .
If the same equilateral perspective exists in Ruiz ’s films , it owes more to the subjectivity of his camera , the clash of visual information with mnemonic implication ( or “ intense interaction between what is inside and what is outside ” ) than the isolated shots themselves .
I ’ve so far neglected to mention that Treasure Island kind of looks like shit ; film quality and production values are curiously top - heavy , so that the second half of the film barely limps toward its conclusion , as though hemorrhaging money , and the plot even carries on , via voiceover , as the credits roll .
Also , we ’re halfway through the two - hour running time before we get to sea .
Israel Hands , Crab , and Ben Gunn just sort of show up incidentally without a real introduction , and in general the bullet - point “ adventure ” scenes that line up with Stevenson are so choppy and poorly lit that they only underscore the film ’s liberties ( unless they ’re what ’s left from the legendary four - hour cut , about which more later ) .
Liberty from ingrained expectation was ever Ruiz ’s intention .
“ Ask indirect questions , ” is the advice offered the crew of Jim ’s ship the Iguana as they interrogate a prisoner .
Ask about “ more abstract things .
You might get information that will be more enlightening to you . ”
And so they bark questions about football teams and pop singers , all in a cheeky gloss on Ruiz ’s own esoteric approach .
The cinematography of his 1980s films is a jarring marriage of Sacha Vierny , cinematographer of Last Year at Marienbad , and the extreme perspective of an Alexander Rodchenko photograph .
We peer through fingers , stare up from between a pair of legs or , infamously , in 1983 ’s City of Pirates , assume the POV of an open mouth .
The most defamiliarizing effect of all is the lunatic depths of field that can make a foregrounded pigeon look like the Roc from 7th Voyage of Sinbad or a screaming Martin Landau appear poised to devour us all .
“ Antichrony , ” a visual counterpart to the call and response of Gregorian monks or sea shanties , is one of the terms Ruiz used to refer to this switchboard of sympathies and repulsions , but the prevailing feeling is of a director who was dedicated to play , allowing bricolage to determine structure and not the other way around : “ Images striving for their independence . ”
Hamlet with a Cast of Vegetables
If Ruiz ’s final twenty years of filmmaking raised his profile beyond France , it is not only because he worked with prominent stars like Marcello Mastroianni ( Three Lives and Only One Death , 1996 ) , Catherine Deneuve ( Genealogies of a Crime , 1997 ) and — check that box !— John Malkovich , but also owing to a perceptible shift from the interior play of images to that of narratives .
Time Regained , his 1999 adaptation of the last book of Proust ’s In Search of Lost Time , takes an approach to the famously unfilmable novel exactly opposite to the one proposed by Harold Pinter in his unproduced screenplay for Joseph Losey .
Whereas the Pinter proceeds by montage , with every scene or line of dialogue skipping a stone across all seven volumes , Ruiz relaxes into a reasonably straight translation of Marcel ’s last encounters with the enchanting Gilberte , the violinist Morel , and the rest of the haut monde , allowing incremental flashbacks to key scenes from the other six books .
This approach turns out to be exactly the right tack for a book set entirely in the land of memory .
The recessed narrative takes the pressure off the “ present ” and frees Ruiz to spend several leisurely minutes on Marcel ’s search for a suitable chair to stand on so as to spy on the profligate Baron de Charlus ( the best of all possible Malkoviches ) as he takes his pleasure in a male brothel .
When we encounter the aged Baron on the streets of Paris , we feel genuinely wistful for his halcyon days being whipped by young boys , even though very little actual time has passed between the two scenes .
Nor is the existence of characters like Albertine , who dies before the seventh book begins , covered up ; Ruiz is remarkably unembarrassed at film ’s infelicity in exhausting the stuff of novels ( “ The incompleteness that renders the work breathable ” ) .
Instead , he finds a new place to go :
Nowadays I refer to this manner of playing with structure and construction as a double mosaic model .
The reason is that for it to work efficiently one has to privilege fragmentation .
The pieces of a puzzle that together form a predetermined figure , which given that the pieces have mixed with another puzzle — let ’s say , by virtue of an accident — now foster the emergence of figures foreign to the original puzzle .
The success of this procedure depends on the ability to combine both puzzles in order to construct a third .
( Poetics of Cinema 2 , “ Structure and Construction , ” p. 45 )
I realize that the relevant term for this bookish , joyfully artificial approach ( and , make no mistake , Time Regained is ripe with magic lanterns , flying chairs , and smoke - filled sets meant to evoke mental corridors ) is “ Borgesian , ” but I hesitate to inflict so weighty a pedigree as Jorge Luis ’s on Ruiz , partly because of — Stevenson and Proust notwithstanding — his preference for what he called “ second division ” writers , meaning writers who usually reach the US in monochromatic small press translations , if at all .
He filmed works by Pierre Klossowski ( The Suspended Vocation , 1978 ) , Arthur Adamov ( Professor Taranne , 1987 ) , Enrique Lafourcade ( Little White Dove , 1973 ) and , in 1990 , Sadegh Hedayat ’s The Blind Owl .
“ That ’s what suits me , less - known writers , ” Ruiz once said .
“ With less - known writers I feel like I ’m completing their work . ”
Considering the economics of adaptation , of how much filmmakers have to gain by linking themselves with profitable entities , Ruiz ’s penchant for literary writers whose difficult , regional works hardly recommended themselves to film in the first place bordered on the inconceivable .
And is n’t the urge to “ complete the work ” the cardinal sin of screenwriting ( next to Truffaut ’s commandment against “ dulling down , shrinking down , or sweetening down ” ) ?
But whereas any other director would wind up replacing bookish solipsism with a different deficiency , whenever the director of The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting ( 1979 ) promoted a piece of fiction to the populist medium of film , he did so with something more akin to anagogy in mind ; a mystic transcription of the word that nonetheless leaves its fundamental incompleteness intact .
Hypothesis , after all , takes the form of a dry art documentary where we are granted access to the house of a great collector , where tableaux vivants — living paintings — stand in for the works of art in his collection .
But of the stolen artwork , the one that gave all the others meaning , only an enigmatic mask remains .
The “ inaccessible center ” is always present .
Whereas most artworks struggle to hold their pose of totality forever , Ruiz captured again and again the moment when the story leaves .
And then it comes again .
None of this means Ruiz ’s oeuvre does n’t draw from writers with a wider profile overseas .
The stunning ( and easily available in Region 1 ! )
Three Crowns of the Sailor ( 1983 ) takes its cue from the premise of Remarque ’s 1964 novel The Night In Lisbon , but contains many short episodes that reference , among other things , The Rime of the Ancient Mariner and — in an especially traumatic digression involving a chanteuse with removable nipples who declares , “ Nudity is an art .
Besides , art is only nudity ” — Balzac ’s Sarrasine .
Similarly , Three Lives and Only One Death , which presents itself as an anthology film where Mastroianni plays three characters who all end up residing in a fourth , is a descendent of Hawthorne ’s “ Wakefield ” and Maupassant ’s “ The Horla . ”
Here Ruiz ’s trademark multiplicity , having moved from image ( Treasure Island ) and narrative ( Time Regained ) , becomes physically incarnate .
But Ruiz was clearly more at home in the arcane ; his 1988 short feature All the Clouds Are Clocks is based on a Japanese novel by Eiryo Waga .
But there is no Waga ; Ruiz fabricated the book , which is missing its last chapter .
So it goes .
Just picture it .
Nearly fifty films , maybe more , some of them destroyed , the majority of them practically unseeable , all touched by a strangeness out of books , all repeating the “ give and take between sacred and profane , day - to - day things and fantasy . ”
Asked , in a 1988 documentary called Exiles , about his audience , the maestro replied that his audience is those concerned that “ films might show another world .
Maybe what you dream when you sleep in the theater . ”
This theater sounds a great deal like the one in Life Is A Dream ( 1988 ) , which can almost be said to be based on the 17th - century play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca , even though the main character spends most of the film in a movie theater somewhere in Pinochet ’s Chile watching Flash Gordon and Zorro serials .
Such schlock is the only way the protagonist can recall his youth or remember what is happening in his life ; men from the government interfere in his affairs , femmes fatales make bold propositions and he sits there , watching , remembering what it was like to see those movies for the first time , like the dead remember life .
If any single piece can act as a key to Ruiz , it may be the 1997 short Le Film à Venir ( The Film to Come ) .
The titular film is a holy fragment of celluloid that can only be seen by a secret society known as the Philokinetes .
They watch it on a loop , somnambulating through a life that is unreal by comparison .
It is the belief of the Philokinetes that film has an existence “ independent from humans .
Cinema , they said , is the primeval soup of a new life form .
There from were to emerge pure screening creatures .
Which is to say , non-topical beings . ”
They also have a Bible , actually two Bibles , known as the Double Book of the Dancing Mysteries , which two priests are reading in unison at any given time :
They had taken a vow of illiteracy .
In their minds , this was actually a film , of which the conventional signs — letters , words , sentences — were dream landscapes or healthy faces .
The simple act of leafing through the book gave those a lively , even sublime movement .
I stayed there , reading without reading .
But forget all that and focus on this for a minute : it was said that Raoul Ruiz ’s dream was to film Hamlet with a cast of vegetables .
The Black Spot
Raoul Ruiz was born in 1941 in southern Chile — Patagonia — where he wrote 100 plays by the time he was twenty .
He attended writing school in Iowa , was a student of Kurt Vonnegut , apparently spent some time writing Mexican telenovelas and , back in Chile , came to prominence making films for the Socialist Party , for whom he eventually became official Film Advisor .
In 1973 , after Allende ’s government fell in a US - backed coup , Ruiz fled to France , leaving behind the prints of many of his movies , including a version of Kafka ’s In the Penal Colony .
Beginning again in the neighborhood of Belleville with , appropriately enough , 1974 ’s Dialogue of Exiles , his films gradually shifted their focus from Marxist politics to the “ logical paradoxes ” of his later work .
This is not to say that he ever abandoned the spirit of resistance ( judging from haunted backward glances like Life Is A Dream ) or that of Chile , especially if one accepts his description of the Chilean national sport as “ the game of nonsense , ” or entertains the notion that the fracturing of symbolic totality might in itself be a revolutionary act .
In any case , the watersheds seem to have been Of Great Events and Ordinary People — which begins as a commissioned documentary about the 1978 French elections , until the camera wanders inward and ends up examining the impossibility of documentary — and the 1977 short film Dog ’s Dialogue , a violent narrative palindrome about sex and domination told mostly in stills .
Even more outré films followed and , France being France , they resulted in an appointment to the Maison de la Culture in Le Havre .
By the time he made Treasure Island in 1985 , he had shot several movies in Portugal , had his 1981 film The Territory more or less cannibalized by Wim Wenders ( who made The State of Things in 1982 with the stranded cast and crew ) , solidified his avant - garde credentials with Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting , directed a 1984 children ’s television serial ( Manuel on the Island of Wonders ) , and made City of Pirates , perhaps the only movie to combine the aesthetics of René Magritte and Ruiz ’s beloved American comic strip Terry and the Pirates .
Those are the facts , as far as I know them .
They may not even be facts .
Ruiz was one of those self - mythologizing artists who preferred to keep his biography fluid — in keeping with the recondite character of his work .
I am indebted to Jonathan Rosenbaum ’s prolific articles on Ruiz for observations and annotations on such artifacts as 1984 ’s made - in - a - day Vanishing Point , which I gather exists only as an unfinished work print .
Another lucky break has been the success of Ruiz ’s last film , the terrific Mysteries of Lisbon ( 2010 ) .
A lush , encyclopedic 19th - century drama dealing ( again ) with libertines , identity crises , and pirates , the four - and - a - half hour Mysteries went on to win the venerable Louis Delluc Prize , beating out formidable contenders like Polanski’s The Ghost Writer , Olivier Assayas ’s Carlos , and Claire Denis ’s White Material .
The 2011 US release of Mysteries , which was hailed as a masterpiece by The New York Times just days before Ruiz ’s death , has me hoping that soon there will come a day when you do n’t have to go to a sketched - out video store in Sheepshead Bay to score a muddy VHS purporting to be Raoul Ruiz ’s On Top of the Whale ( 1982 ) , and nobody will ever have to suffer as I have .
Because the fact is that I have seen laughably few of these movies .
A quick scroll through the auteur - movie streaming site MUBI has entries for Ruiz productions that seem more like mirages , hovering just out of reach : a noir about Marxists and literary critics called The Golden Boat ( 1991 ) , made in the US and featuring appearances by members of the Wooster Group and cameos by Jim Jarmusch and Kathy Acker ; continental thrillers with hokey names like A Place Among the Living ( 2003 ) and Savage Souls ( 2001 ) ; a quasi-adaptation of Racine ’s Bérénice called The Real Presence ( 1985 ) ; Love Torn in a Dream ( 2000 ) , an insane - sounding fantasy with Melvil Poupaud , Treasure Island ’s Jim Hawkins , all grown up ; a Daryl Hannah film of a Gilbert Adair novel accurately titled A Closed Book ( 2010 ) ; another quasi-adaptation , this one of The Odyssey , called Voyage of a Hand ( 1985 ) ; and movies I ’ve been trying to see almost as long as I ’ve been trying to rewatch Treasure Island , like Dark At Noon ( 1992 ) , The Blind Owl , and an adaptation of Dante ’s Inferno made for British television in 1991 .
Do n’t these sound amazing ?
No ?
Suffice to say none of these titles are available to stream , download , buy , borrow , barter for , or steal .
Most heartbreaking of all , there ’s mention of The Lost Domain ( 2005 ) , yet another ersatz adaptation , this one taking inspiration from the only children ’s book I know of that is more beautiful than Treasure Island : Alain - Fournier ’s masterpiece Le Grand Meaulnes .
If anyone has a copy they can loan me , I ’d really appreciate it .
I was not always like this .
We ’ve all been caught off - guard by movies that , upon reconsideration in the sober light of day , deserved to walk the plank .
I wish this had been the case with Treasure Island .
But just as that original random transmission seemed immediately to fill in an empty space between book - and film - fictions that I ’d instinctively known must exist , the fact that it literally could not be possessed became a noticeable absence , a dream that remained real — albeit barely — in the morning .
Or as Jean - Pierre Léaud puts it , “ Once again , the voyeuristic sleepwalker in me was aroused . ”
There ’s another scene in which Jim finds Léaud at his typewriter and asks if he writes stories .
The writer effetely snaps , “ There are n’t any more . ”
I knew that there was still at least one , even if no one had seen it .
There were , however , rumors , and unverifiable internet newsgroup postings .
One legend explained why screenings of Treasure Island were so far and few between : it was n’t a full movie at all , but the surviving footage left from what was intended to be a completely straight adaptation of the book !
When the investors discovered the crepuscular , self - indulgent excesses Ruiz had taken with the reliably crowd - pleasing classic Treasure Island , they pulled out , leaving the director to salvage his movie with late additions , bizarre resolutions , and voiceovers on a shoestring budget .
Was the movie I loved really the result of an abandoned , botched shipwreck of a feature ?
One long deleted scene that corresponded to no complete work ?
Except then it emerged that there was a finished version — an incomprehensible , four - hour cut that only Raoul Ruiz himself possessed , presumably to screen for friends ( but I ’m not sure even they get it ; Jonathan Rosenbaum all but dismisses the film ) .
Nor did the sightings and inter-rumblings end there .
Was it true that Chris Marker had edited it under a pseudonym ?
And what was I to make of this strange book , In Pursuit of Treasure Island ?
An obscure , undistributed , unseeable , unfinished film is one thing .
But when you have a readily available novel by the director that can only be understood ( sort of ) by someone with a working knowledge of the movie , then you are truly lost down an intertextual rabbit hole .
If there ’s a solution anywhere in In Pursuit of Treasure Island ( 2008 , Dis Voir ) , I have n’t found it .
While not strictly speaking a novelization of the film , it shares certain key elements that fail to unlock any of the new puzzles it introduces on almost every page .
Postmodern does n’t begin to cover the copious confusions of identity , strange references to occult books , patricide , possession , lovely inset stories that sound like something out of The Arabian Nights ( or The New Arabian Nights , a book by Stevenson ) , dream sequences , secret codes , digression , and barmy misdirection only marginally relieved by the occasional appearance of a modular plot :
Robert Louis Stevenson ’s book had been scrutinized , read and re-read a thousand times .
It has been used as a model for a map which was to lead us in search of an island where ( the doctor thought he knew ) that cave representing the sky was located .
In that sky , you will have guessed , the stars and planets were represented by diamonds , real diamonds .
( Part Two , Chapter 1 , p. 63 )
It could be the account of another game of Treasure Island , taking place after the one depicted in the film .
Or meant to fill out the missing scenes .
Or a prequel .
Or ( anything being possible at this point ) the rulebook of an actual game .
Or maybe Ruiz , unable to make his film and lay the theme to rest , had still been wrestling with the material , just like I was .
A character called Midas appears toward the end of In Pursuit who , having hijacked the game and suspended the story , might well be the Jean - Pierre Léaud role , a rogue narrator who navigates between mediums and plays the game from both sides .
But , just pages from the end , Silver proposes another game called Time Regained !
And , come to think of it , did n’t Ruiz ’s Treasure Island and Time Regained end with exactly the same image ?
Of a little boy running along a beach , between the sand and the roaring ocean ?
And was n’t this the main image that had haunted me since the very first time I saw the movie ?
Just when the correspondences could n’t get any weirder , I learned that the US distributor of In Search of Treasure Island was D.A.P. , where it just so happens my roommate works .
When I asked if they ’d sold many copies , she replied , “ As far as I know , just one .
To you . ”
It was about here that I began to wonder if , like the doorway in Kafka ’s Before the Law , this film might be applicable only to me , causing me all the more consternation because I so consistently failed it .
I had become accustomed to ( 1 ) finding a listing for Treasure Island or some other Ruiz film on a library ’s online catalog , ( 2 ) calling to make sure they actually had the movie they said they had on the shelves , and ( 3 ) taking the subway across town or to a whole other borough only to find that they did n’t have the movie after all , or they had the wrong version .
Was some synchronous doppelgänger getting to the library just minutes before me every single time ?
If I tried to see the film with other people , would they see only a blank screen ?
Maybe life really was a dream !
At any rate , the story had by now fully detached from any conceivable notion of author or text and was n’t going to go back into fiction , where it belonged , without a screening .
So you can imagine my excitement when the Film Society of Lincoln Center booked the film for a one - time engagement in mid-November , 2010 .
I cleared all my own engagements , made a few paranoid calls to the box office and showed up ready to face down the cursed piece of celluloid that I had , somewhere along the line , allowed to take over my life .
A few friends , having tagged along out of pity for my desperate condition , pretended disappointment for my sake when the cashier at the box office informed us , with excellent bedside manner , that the theater had ordered the wrong Treasure Island ( I believe it was the 1978 Japanese anime Takarajima ) .
I trundled into the lobby , put my head in my hands and overheard the ushers discussing the whole fiasco :
“ Hey , whatever happened to the Treasure Island thing ? ” “ Oh , somebody goofed and they ordered the wrong Treasure Island . ”
“ Oh well .
Nobody showed up anyway .
Except that guy . ”
Ben Gunn was never so lonely as I in that dismal hour .
Truly one of life ’s castaways .
By this point , I ’d met plenty of people who were on some level familiar with Ruiz as a filmmaker and , for them , the movies ended with their knowledge of them .
What they could n’t know , they did n’t want to know .
So what was wrong with me ?
My answer to dislocation — the inability of any given experience to reconcile with its representation — was to hide out behind increasingly hard - to - fathom stories .
Was this all there was to life , was this what my model of civilization amounted to ?
A video store where I could rent movies like The Wicker Man , Liquid Sky , and Holy Mountain ?
My aesthetically indefensible assumption seemed to be that , the stranger the film , the closer it would come to telling the truth .
Treasure Island had caught me looking and unmistakably rejoined that truth was not at all what I wanted .
I wanted the thing movies ripped off and books aspired to ; I wanted a story capable of overwhelming the world .
Plus , consider the wonder , bordering on the miraculous , that in the age of digital singularity , file sharing , and information hunger , something could still be impossible to find .
I figured if a piece of art could n’t be owned , digested , or turned on and off at will , it could n’t be commodified either .
Obscurity was its own reward .
You can get tired of things , but there ’s always more nothing , more unfinished space and suspended potential .
The society of sailors in Three Crowns of the Sailor each have a letter tattooed on their forearm , but only the captain knows the sentence to which they belong .
Still , they sing a shanty that goes “ Words are made of letters and songs of words . ”
The smallest unit of any finished work is absence , making incompletion a far more natural and realistic way to go about things .
Was n’t it true that some of my favorite books I had n’t bothered to finish ?
And others I had n’t even bothered to begin ?
Treasure was treasure because it was buried .
Otherwise it would just be money .
Well , so .
The story leaves .
And then it comes again .
I had my lesson ( even if I did n’t know it yet ) and , after a few weeks , I also had a copy of Treasure Island .
It buzzed incessantly , so loud that I could hardly hear half the dialogue ( with headphones it was n’t so bad ) and the picture was as bootleggy as I remembered , so that it looked a great deal like something that should n’t quite be , something that is n’t all the way : a dream vicariously captured on film and preserved for the two or three people that knew how to score a copy .
No one could argue that , as a consumer , I had n’t done my part .
I had read the book , watched the movie , and by now — as coincidences mounted and I continued to adapt my own life to suit the stories inside it — the film and I had effectively reversed our streamlined subject - object relationship .
Having gone deep enough into the movie , I ’d become much less a mere spectator and something more like a character in a dream this movie was having about me .
It struck me that Ruiz had been so much more than just a clever fellow : he ’d been the operator of a machine that bent narratives so far back that they leaned into real life .
I had been excited to read how the exiled Ruiz , refusing to become one more artist - of - the - diaspora who tried to regain the authentic flavor of his interrupted life , had sided with an ethos of artifice that involved “ breaking the natural flow of discourse ” and “ restoring to the image its natural ability to engender stories . ”
Behind these words and films are the purest and maddest of intentions : to depict , not the subject or content or the general idea of books , but what it might look like when books dream .
Dreams that might beget more dreams , in a loop that sometimes resembled , at different times , an infinitely re-readable book or the sacred film of the Philokinetes or rapid movements of the eye .
One more thing .
The first time I saw Treasure Island , I somehow missed that , while it is several different stories in due course and often all at once , it ends as a cautionary tale .
I just want to say this : I wish I had watched it a little closer .
Maybe then I would have remembered how Jean - Pierre Léaud describes , in that same strange accented English of his , how the nasty , jealous narrator set his trap for poor Jim and finally won his battle for control of Treasure Island :
Jim Hawkins was spotted running along the beach .
He ran to and fro for hours .
Some people claimed he was crying .
Others said he could n’t stop laughing .
. . .
But actually , the main thing he felt was sheer contempt .
Contempt for the whole business , contempt for everyone involved and , above all , contempt for Treasure Island itself .
He would never have made a good John Silver , nor even a decent Israel Hands .
There was only one part he would have been any good at .
And that was mine .
That ’s why I was lying in wait for him at the other end of the beach .
The official version is that no one ever saw Jim Hawkins again .
Whatever you do , do n’t try and make some kind of hero out of him .
You wo n’t find the corpse .
From now on , I am the only Jim Hawkins .
In Stevenson ’s novel , we learn that the black spot is the method by which the pirates pronounce judgment on their own kind .
It consists of a stencil cut out of a book , a round page with a printed side and a blank side .
The printed side is stained black , completely obscuring the text , with the pirates ’ message scrawled on the reverse .
But Stevenson warns us that , should the page in question be torn out of a holy book , a book with power over the lives of men , the sentence that would have been carried out on the accused instead reverts to his captors .
Adaptation , as Ruiz practices it , is easy .
It only means not minding when you discover that no story survives retelling without suffering a sea change , and reveling in the moment when characters revolt against their author , plots collide and the words come unstuck from their old meanings , leaving something wild and unique in their place .
Or as Stevenson writes , “ I have that curiosity beside me at this moment , but not a trace of writing now remains . ”
If you like this article , please subscribe or donate to support n+1 .
A friend of mine got my daughter the cutest stuffed animal .
- 04-23-2010 , 04:37 PM
04-23-2010 , 04:37 PM
She was so happy .
She has been playing with it for hours .
My friend tells me it 's named pediabear .
I thought that was so clever .
I was thinking of picking up some more for you guys children .
I 'll have to ask him where he got it .
If I can get more of them , how many should I order ?
Attached Images
Christians are superior because we possess an understanding that unbelievers lack .
I t is through the Power of Jesus only the converted mind is able to understand what is going on in the world ; what the Communists are really up to ; what Satan 's intentions are .
Most unbelievers do not even believe in Satan and cannot understand his tactics .
Your Pork Chop On A Stick Is Not Safe Around Yankee Fans
After 27 years of calling the Metrodome their home , the Minnesota Twins had undergone a makeover heading into the 2010 MLB season .
Not only do they have themselves a new ballpark , the outdoor confines of the Target Center , but they also have a new ballpark menu .
One of the featured new additions to that menu is the pork chop on a stick .
So how good is it ?
Let ’s just say that you should be weary of waving that big hunk of meat around , because if you are n’t careful , you may find the mouth of a hungry fan on the other end of your stick .
YES reporter Kimberly Jones went fishing with her pork chop on a stick and caught a Yankee fan on the other end of it .
Nice catch Kim !
Looks like you snagged yourself a 200 - pounder .
But why the hell is he holding that mini broom ?
For those who are determined to take on just about every great eatery in America , the State Fair Classics at the Target Center appears to be another place you can add to your list .
Apparently they also have Walleye on a stick .
Hat Tip – [ Couchwarmers ]
Share This
What bores some stiff gets others that way .
We all know about pedestrian fetishes like those for feet and trampling .
But there are some that push the boundaries , eroticizing the everyday , the average , and the incomprehensible .
For most of us , these are about as exciting as watching dust accumulate .
For those with very specific tastes , there ’s nothing more arousing than a woman blowing her nose or an overinflated balloon .
While you may scoff , do n’t write the fetishist off .
Just think of how generous they may be when indulging your freakiness after searching for years for someone to enthusiastically stomp toys for them or cheer them on while they writhe in lycra .
And while it might not make sense to you , imagine the ease of a life that requires nothing more to achieve satisfaction than a warm exhaust pipe or a pile of down parkas .
No messy breakups .
No awkward first dates .
Balloons
The people who put videos of their children with balloons on the internet ought to be cognizant of the fact that there are people out there ( AKA ‘ looners ’ ) for whom the act of blowing up balloons is erotic .
Blowing , popping – the suspense – it ’s undeniable .
This guy was plausibly caught unaware , posting himself blowing up a balloon until it popped .
Surprised at the number of views he got , it seems there is a certain percentage of erotic balloon enthusiasts who prefer their blowers wistfully unaware of their erotic powers .
If the human quotient is too cumbersome , sometimes it ’s all about the balloon .
Buster is especially animated and entertaining .
Just look at that twinkle in his eyes .
Nose Blowing
Do n’t believe me ?
Go ahead and check out the comments in YouTube if your skeptical .
Unitards
A quick search for zentai or unitard on eBay will reveal a world you never imagined .
It ’s not about getting undressed , but about being completely covered and perhaps further immersed in water or mud .
Many of us experience momentary disgust with ourselves in those moments after bringing ourselves to climax , but what about this guy ?
He ’s got a good hour of cleanup ahead of himself once the afterglow fades .
Tickling
It ’s easy to understand how tickling can be eroticized .
If the axiom that fetishes come from mildly traumatizing experiences in early childhood is true , it ’s a wonder more of us are n’t tickle freaks .
Object Crushing
While for most , the idea of being trampled may be abhorrent , there is some human contact there , and the trope of dominance and submission we can all comprehend , even if it leaves us cold .
Less relatable is the fetish for seeing objects crushed .
I ’m curious if , for those whose heart rates rise watching these , there is some projection happening in which the object is the viewer ’s surrogate .
Is this fixation what happens when you stomp and destroy little Timmy ’s favorite toy car ?
Peanut Butter
One man ’s lunch is another man ’s orgasm .
Mummification
This is all about isolation .
Ironically , it is incredibly dangerous if done unsupervised .
The mummy can easily suffocate or asphyxiate .
Cars
If this is your thing and you ’re out there feeling alone and blue , make sure you sign up for this forum to discuss it with other like - minded individuals .
A whole BBC five documentary was made about men who have sex with cars .
One man has ironically named his car Vanilla .
Paradise by that dashboard light ?
Cars are not the only love objects without a pulse .
KansasCity.com has collected news stories about unexpected inanimate / animate pairings .
Amputation
Apotemnophilia is written about rather extensively in Wikipedia .
It is the erotic desire to have a limb removed .
What provokes sympathy and mortification at the thought of being caught staring in most is a deep source of arousal for others .
Those who get off watching these may not simply be objectifying these people , but imagining themselves in their place .
As with nearly every fetish you see here , this fetish is often combined with the love of feet ( or foot ) and footwear .
Parkas
If you ’re thinking of picking up your next parka at the Goodwill , you might want to make sure you run it by the cleaners before wearing it .
Do n’t get any ideas about this guy , ladies .
A glance at his left hand lets us know he ’s taken .
Destruction of the fetishized object :
Community Connection
We ’ve all got our quirks .
Do you see the appeal ?
Help the rest of us see reason in the comments below .
( Natural News )
The City of Los Angeles is considering a law that would require all new homes and large developments , along with some redevelopments , to harvest all rainwater that falls on site .
The new law would require developers to capture 100 percent of the rainwater falling onto a site in a three - quarter - inch rain storm .
Builders would have to use techniques such as permeable pavement , infiltration swales , curb bump-outs and storage cisterns to infiltrate water into the soil or store it for use .
In addition to reducing demand on local aquifers and wastewater treatment plants , the measure would keep 104 million gallons of polluted runoff out of the ocean each year , according to its author Paula Daniels , commissioner of the Board of Public Works .
Runoff from pavement and other hardscapes produced by urban sprawl is a major source of water pollution , washing contaminants from yards , buildings and roads into waterways and eventually into the ocean .
Builders who fail to reduce their runoff to zero would be required to pay the city $ 13 per gallon .
This money would be used to fund low - impact public developments such as the retrofitting of 24,000 linear feet of parkway in Mar Vista to infiltrate an additional two million gallons of storm water each year .
The measure has come under strong opposition from the Building Industry Association , which already fought successfully to get the per-gallon fine lowered from $ 20 to $ 13 .
" We worked out something with the business community that they can release the runoff if they first run the water over a high - efficiency bio-filtration system , " Daniels said .
" In other words , they have to clean it first .
" The association remains fundamentally opposed to the law , however .
The Department of Public Works approved the ordinance in January .
To become law it must be adopted first by the City Council 's Energy and Environment committee and its Planning and Land Use Management committee .
At that point , it would need to be approved by the city council and mayor .
Sources for this story include : www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-rain-barrel...
Joschka Fischer was German Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor from 1998 - 2005 , a term marked by Germany 's strong support for NATO 's intervention in Kosovo in 1999 , followed by its opposition to the war in Iraq .
Fischer entered electoral politics after participating in the anti-establishment protests of the 1960s and 1970s , and played a key role in founding Germany 's Green Party , which he led for almost two decades .
This is for a high school class
Legendary filmmaker Oliver Stone is by no means done exploring the administration of George W. Bush .
While producing new material for his upcoming documentary “ South of the Border , ” which explores the history of political and social movements in Latin America , Stone sat down to interview former Argentina president NÃ ƒÂ©stor Kirchner .
The subject inevitably turned to George W. Bush , the subject of Stone ’s creative nonfiction feature “ W ” .
In front of a film crew , Kirchner confided to Stone that the former U.S. president once directly told him , “ The best way to revitalize the economy is war . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We had a discussion in Monterrey .
I said that a solution for the problems right now , I told Bush , is a Marshall Plan , ” he claimed to have suggested .
“ And he got angry .
He said the Marshall Plan is a crazy idea of the Democrats .
He said the best way to revitalize the economy is war , and that the United States has grown stronger with war . ”
Asked to clarify , Kirchner added : “ He said that .
Those were his exact words . ”
Stone looked aghast , one finger gouging his left eye as if it pained him to hear the confession .
“ Was he suggesting that South America go to war ? ” the director asked .
“ Well , he was talking about the United States , ” Kirchner replied .
“ The Democrats had been wrong .
All of the economic growth of the United States had been encouraged by the various wars . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is worth noting that despite the prosecution of two major wars , there wasÃ‚Â very minimal net job growth during BushÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s tenure as president , ” Think Progress added .
“ And of course , he bequeathed an economy that Ã‚Â suffered massive job losses in his wake . ”
When it was first announced , Stone ’s “ South of the Border ” was characterized as “ controversial ” due to the director ’s public statements on Venezuela leader Hugo Chavez .
“ I think he ’s an extremely dynamic and charismatic figure , ” he ’s quoted as saying .
“ He ’s open and warmhearted and big , and a fascinating character . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Never has a revolutionary strongman seemed so lovable and cuddly , ” National Public Radio summarized .
“ And Stone , the man who became famous for questioning the official story , never leaves Chavez ’s embrace .
Stone never asks a hard question .
( Instead , he tosses out “ Do you have any fun ? ” and “ What time did you get to sleep last night ? ” )
Stone never brings up anything controversial .
There is no talk about how Chavez revoked the licenses of private TV and radio stations .
There is never any mention of the human rights concerns raised by Amnesty International .
Stone never talks to any Venezuelan citizen about the leader .
“ Stone gives the same kid - glove treatment to Chavez ’s allies .
He plays soccer with the president of Bolivia , Evo Morales .
He asks the president of Argentina , Cristina Kirchner , how many shoes she owns . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Time called “ South of the Border ” a “ near sibling ” to Michael Moore ’s recent production , “ Capitalism : A Love Story . ”
The film is set to hit U.S. theaters late June .
This video was published to YouTube by user southoftheborderdoc on May 28 , 2010 .
Estes : Even if Titans can play this week , they should n't have to
For all the thought and precaution the NFL put into this season , it never revisited an obvious hurdle :
The 16 - game schedule .
Will CNN and MSNBC devote weeks of endless coverage to the violent extremist threat posed by radical greenies ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , April 5 , 2010
An article carried by the official Greenpeace website written by a Greenpeace member urges climate activists to resort to criminal activity in an effort to reinvigorate momentum for their stalling global warming agenda , while ominously threatening climate skeptics , “ we know where you live ” .
The article , written by Greenpeace activist “ Gene ” from India , calls for “ mass civil disobedience to cut off the financial oxygen from denial and skepticism ” .
“ Gene ” then has a special message for roughly half of Americans who , in the wake of the climategate scandal , are now skeptical of man-made global warming – “ We know who you are .
We know where you live .
We know where you work .
And we be many , but you be few . ”
“ Gene ” quotes another climate activist who calls for an army of greenies to break the law and take retribution against anyone who stands in their way .
“ The politicians have failed .
Now it ’s up to us .
We must break the law to make the laws we need : laws that are supposed to protect society , and protect our future .
Until our laws do that , screw being climate lobbyists .
Screw being climate activists .
It ’s not working .
We need an army of climate outlaws . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Greenpeace has not issued a retraction of the comments , preferring instead to buffer the blog at both beginning and end with desperate - sounding explanations insisting that the author has peaceful intentions .
The organization has obviously been taking a hammering for this as it worsens into another public relations disaster .
This is by no means the first time global warming adherents have resorted to physical threats in an effort to bolster their rapidly crumbling credibility on climate change issues .
In June last year , a global warming activist posted an article on the Talking Points Memo website entitled “ At What Point Do We Jail Or Execute Global Warming Deniers ? ”
Shortly after the article was retracted , a comment traced back to another prominent global warming activist which appeared on the Climate Progress blog threatened Skeptics that “ an entire generation that will soon be ready to strangle you and your kind while you sleep in your beds . ”
Website owner Joe Romm defended the comment as “ clearly not a threat but a prediction ” .
For years , climate Skeptics have been the target of campaigns to denounce them as criminals and traitors on the scale of the Nazis , with calls for Nuremberg trials .
A July 2007 Senate report detailed how skeptical scientists have faced threats and intimidation .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ Is this really the kind of caring , sensitive message this charity ought to be conveying to the world ? ” asks James Delingpole .
“ Not to judge by the comments below .
Happy Easter , Greenpeace PR department !
I think you ’re going to have a busy next few days … ”
As a recent Psychological Science study highlighted , warmists tend not to adhere to the caring , sensitive image they portray when it comes to their own private lives .
“ Those who wear what the authors call the “ halo of green consumerism ” are less likely to be kind to others , and more likely to cheat and steal , ” summarizes the Telegraph ’s Iain Hollingshead .
“ Faced with various moral choices – whether to stick to the rules in games , for example , or to pay themselves an appropriate wage – the green participants behaved much worse in the experiments than their conventional counterparts .
The short answer to the paper ’s question , then , is : No. Greens are mean . ”
Despite Greenpeace ’s efforts at damage control , there can be little doubt as to the true context of the article .
By first encouraging climate activists to “ break the law ” in pursuit of their stalling political agenda , “ Gene ” has greased the skids for criminal activity .
Concluding with the threat to climate Skeptics that “ we know where you live , ” is clearly a form of intimidation and an invitation for “ an army of climate outlaws ” to take physical retribution against people who disagree with them .
Imagine if Infowars put out an article urging its readers to break the law in order to combat the IRS , imagine if we told IRS agents , “ we know where you live ” .
We ’d be raided quicker than a heartbeat and Alex Jones would be demonized all over the establishment media as a dangerous extremist .
Indeed , a mere peaceful letter - writing campaign urging governors to resign was leapt upon by the media and the federal government this past weekend as a concerning portend of the “ extremist ” threat posed by constitutionalists despite the fact that there was no indication of violence .
When so - called “ right - wingers ” or libertarians merely write letters urging peaceful political change , they are demonized as terrorist hate - mongers , but when greenies openly call for criminal behavior allied with thinly veiled threats of physical violence , it ’s no big deal .
Will CNN and MSNBC devote weeks of endless coverage to Greenpeace ’s threats towards people they disagree with ?
There ’s more chance of Keith Olbermann awarding Rep. Hank Johnson ( a major global warming adherent ) his “ worst person in the world ” gong for hilariously warning that the island of Guam could capsize like a boat due to overpopulation .
This article was posted : Monday , April 5 , 2010 at 5:00 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Open Letter To Steve Jobs : It ’s Time To Stop The Censorship
Look at this magazine cover .
It ’s Madonna .
Madonna showing her breasts .
Without nipples .
Why ?
Because of Apple ’s silent censorship , that ’s why .
We said it already :
It ’s time to declare war against Apple ’s censorship .
Steve , you are going the wrong way .
In case you are not aware of it , here ’s what happened : British fashion magazine Dazed & Confused has made an iPad version of their magazine .
Internally , they call it the “ Iran Edition ” because they have to censor any nudity , no matter how innocent it is .
This is not the first time that this happens , but this is even worse , because nudity in a fashion magazine is actually editorial content :
There are plenty of designers who use transparent fabrics or risque cleavages .
Not to mention lingerie .
Seriously , you ca n’t keep doing this .
You just can’t .
It ’s only going to explode in your face .
Like all the dumb app - approval moves Apple has made in the last few months .
Steve :
Do n’t you remember the last time you tried to have full control over everything and everyone ?
Yes ?
It ended badly for you – ousted from your own company – with Apple about to die , and with Microsoft ruling the world .
See , I have been using my iPad for more than a month now .
And my iPhone for almost three years .
And after all this time , I still think you have the chance to redefine computers once again .
In fact , I think you have set that metamorphosis in motion already .
But the iPad or Apple wo n’t be in that certain computing future if you guys keep doing this .
You just ca n’t dictate policies that lead to the arbitrary censorship of certain applications .
For political sentiments , for foul language , for showing nipples .
Why do this ?
You have an age control system built into all your devices .
Use it and let people decide on their own .
Do n’t try to be my father or my mother .
Instead , enable people to communicate with your devices .
Make that policy clear to everyone .
No holds .
No barriers .
I know what you are going to say .
Apple is your company .
Yes , it is and you can do whatever the hell you want with it .
But this is just not cool .
This sucks .
This is not you .
Apple was never a fake corporation like Disney or a cold behemoth like IBM .
You used to give IBM the finger , remember ?
And remember when you used to smoke joints while having days at the beach , enjoying the California sun and tofu burgers with the Macintosh team ?
Or the pirate flag at Bandley 3 ?
You used to be the misfits , the rebels , the troublemakers , the square pegs in the round holes , the ones who were never fond of the rules .
Remember ?
People liked you because of that .
And now , this is what you have become :
Jon Stewart recently pointed this out .
And Bild Digital ’s CEO Donata Hopfen said that “ today [ Apple ] censor nipples , tomorrow editorial content ” .
Her prophecy became reality .
So please , listen before it ’s too late .
It ’s time to return that nipple to Madonna , and lift any kind of censorship from the app store .
[ Shiny Shiny via Vallewag ]
Thousands of people pack the Kim Il Sung Square in Pyongyang for a rally condemning South Korea and the U.S. ( ( Kyodo News / Associated Press ) )
About 100,000 people gathered in the North Korean capital Pyongyang on Sunday to denounce South Korea and the United States , heightening cross - border tensions over the sinking of one of the South 's warships .
Demonstrators raised their fists in the air during the rally in Kim Il Sung Square as a government official denounced South Korean President Lee Myung - bak as a traitor .
The official also suggested the U.S. and South Korea were preparing for war against the North .
Demonstrators raise their fists during a rally Sunday at the central square in North Korea 's capital , Pyongyang .
( ( Kyodo News / Associated Press ) )
" Because of the South Korean war - loving , mad puppets and American invaders , the North and South relationship is being driven to a catastrophe , " Choi Yong Rim , secretary of the North Korean Workers Party in Pyongyang , told the crowd .
The rally in Pyongyang — and a counter rally in Seoul — were held on the final day of weekend talks in Seoul between Lee , Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao .
Wen on Sunday gave no indication he would support UN sanctions against the North , which is accused of sinking the naval ship Cheonan with a torpedo two months ago , killing 46 sailors .
China 's backing of sanctions or a statement of condemnation would be key , because it wields veto power at the UN Security Council as a permanent member .
Repeating a message he expressed on Saturday , the Chinese premier said tensions between the two Koreas urgently need to be defused .
" The urgent task for the moment is to properly handle the serious impact caused by the Cheonan incident , gradually defuse tensions over it and avoid possible conflicts , " Wen said .
" China will continue to work with every country through aggressive negotiations and co-operation to fulfil our mission of maintaining peace and stability in the region , " he said .
Last week , South Korea laid out a series of punitive measures , including slashing trade , resuming anti-North Korean propaganda broadcasts across the border and launching large - scale naval exercises off the western coast .
The North warned the South 's moves would push the peninsula closer to war .
by ·
If you need to add spices to your food to make them more flavorful , you have plenty to choose from .
You want to be sure that the spices you add are healthy for you as well .
There are a wide variety of spices that not only give your meals extra flavoring , but also add health benefits to your diet .
One of those spices is called turmeric , otherwise known as Indian saffron , haldi , or curcuma .
Turmeric , a perennial plant that is found throughout China , India , and tropical Asia , is a part of the ginger family .
The turmeric plant produces flowers which are a dull yellow color .
Turmeric is a popular spice in Indian cuisine , but over 2,500 years ago , the people of India first used this spice as a dye .
It was n’t until later , that the medicinal properties of turmeric became known .
The benefits of turmeric are vast , and cover a number of areas .
What are the health benefits of turmeric ?
Turmeric makes an excellent antibacterial .
It is a natural antiseptic that can speed up the healing of wounds , and help to repair skin that has been damaged .
Turmeric may also be able to treat inflammatory skin problems such as psoriasis .
This spice might be able to prevent melanoma from forming , and may cause melanoma cells that already exist to die off .
Turmeric is a natural anti-inflammatory and it very potent .
The spice works just as well as many of the over the counter anti-inflammatory medications .
A benefit to using turmeric instead of over the counter anti-inflammatory drugs , is that turmeric leaves so side effects .
This makes it a great natural treatment for people with arthritis as well as rheumatoid arthritis .
Turmeric is a cox - 2 inhibitor ( a form of NSAID ) , and is a natural pain killer .
When it comes to cancer , turmeric shows a great deal of promise .
When combined with cauliflower , turmeric prevents prostate cancer and puts a stop to the growth of any prostate cancer that already exists .
Studies performed on mice have shown that turmeric prevents breast cancer from moving into the lungs .
There is also hope that turmeric will have positive results in pancreatic cancer .
The spice has been proven to cease any growth of new blood vessels in tumors .
Turmeric has the potential of lowering the risk of childhood leukemia .
The formation of metastases in several types of cancer may be prevented if turmeric is consumed .
The side effects of the chemotherapy drug paclitaxel are reduced when turmeric is taken .
At the same time , the benefits of pacitaxel are enhanced .
Alzheimer ’s disease is a progressive disease that effects the function of the brain .
Turmeric removes amyloyd plaque buildup in the brain , which may prevent or slow down the progression of Alzheimer ’s .
The spice also has the great potential to slow down the progression of multiple sclerosis in mice .
Other health benefits of turmeric include :
It naturally detoxifies the liver .
It may help with metabolizing fat and aid in weight management .
The people of China have been using turmeric as a treatment for depression for a very long time .
It soothes the stomach .
It has heart and liver protecting effects .
It has high amounts of anti-oxidants .
It protects again strokes and heart attacks .
It can help fight off bacterial infections
Since turmeric is not considered to be an essential nutrient , there is no recommended daily allowance ( RDA ) for this spice .
It is suggested that the average adult can take 400 milligrams to 600 milligrams a day .
Higher doses can result in an upset stomach or other gastrointestinal issues .
The next time you ’re posed with the question “ What are the health benefits of turmeric ? ” , you can look at this list and know the benefits are plentiful .
Turmeric makes a great addition to anyone ’s spice rack .
Photo by h- bomb
Comments
ON Jan 15 , 2007 , an article titled '' Bladder Cancer and Exposure to Water Disinfection By - Products through Ingestion , Bathing , Showering , and Swimming in Pools ' ' was published in the American Journal of Epidemiology , Volume 165 , Issue 2 .
Researchers at the Municipal Institute of Medical Research in Barcelona compared 1,200 men and women with bladder cancer to a healthy group , questioning each about their exposure to chlorine .
Lead researcher Dr Cristina Villenueva commented that inhaling or absorbing chlorine and trihalomethanes ( THMs ) , a common by - product of chlorine used for municipal water disinfection may lead to a higher concentration in target organs , such as the kidney , bladder or colon .
The study has shown a significant uptake of THMs when showering , bathing or swimming in pools .
The disinfectant can be absorbed through the skin and accumulate in the bladder .
Bladder cancer kills nearly 5,000 in Britain every year .
Three years ago , chlorine in the water supply was linked to a risk of birth defects or miscarriages .
Another study conducted in 1999 in Iowa , United States , has found a strong link between chlorination by - products and brain cancer .
So is there anything we can do to protect our loved ones from the harmful effects of chlorination and its by - products ?
A practical and cost - effective solution is to install a ' ' Point - of - Entry ' ' whole house water filter that contains granular activated carbon .
Activated carbon is one of the best tools that can be used to reduce chlorine and THMs in the water supply .
It has a natural affinity for a number of pollutants like benzene , chlorine , THMs and volatile organic chemicals ( VOCs ) , which bind to its surface in a process called '' adsorption ' ' .
The installation of a point - of - entry water filter will ensure that water supply entering your house is rid of excessive chlorine and its harmful by - products , thus eliminating the need to install multiple showerhead / spa / point - of - use filters that serve the same purpose .
Click to expand ...
We all know what an atomic bomb is and does , i.e. it instantly vaporizes all life in the vicinity of the blast , and later kills people contaminated by radiation .
We have spent the last half century aware of this threat , hoping that it will not be used , that it will be well guarded against accidental use , and that it will mean death for everybody , if it is used .
However , although the cold war dangers seemed to have subsided , there are still enough bombs to destroy our planet many times over .
Also , more and more nations are learning to manufacture them , and other groups are scrambling to either buy them , or buy the parts to manufacture them .
It is not reassuring that desperate and angry people may eventually get hold of them .
Adding to that ever - present threat , humanity must now be aware of , and deal with many other slow - growing , cancer like looming catastrophes which are threatening the very existence of humanity on this planet
These are : deforestation , no more fish in the sea , water and food shortages , pollution , climate change , mountains of waste , choking traffic , unemployment , poverty , starvation , illegal migration , re-surging piracy , terrorism , unmanageable national debts , … and more .
Moreover , it is alarming to note that after 30 years of concerted efforts by governments , environmentalists and other concerned people , none of the calamities listed shows any significant improvement ; on the contrary , they are all accelerating out of control .
Considering the logical consequences , doomsday seem a not too far off certainty .
But not wanting to give up , my faint hope for the survival of my family is based on the recognition that the root cause and the common denominator of all the listed calamities can be traced to OVERPOPULATION .
It can , therefore be said that the listed looming catastrophes are only ” SYMPTOMS ” OF THE REAL ILLNESS namely OVERPOPULATION .
“ No longer young ” people like me can testify from living experience that in the 60 , s when the world population was 3.4 billion people , all the deadly calamities listed above could realistically be classified as “ manageable problems ” .
Consequently , even if there may be other contributing issues , doubling the world population to 7 billion in 40 years has to be the main cause of all the troubles facing humanity !
Perhaps POPULATION EXPLOSION is the wrong name to use for this seemingly slow process that led to the current OVERPOPULATION CRISIS , but we need to understand that this slow - growing cancer is just as disastrous and lethal for humanity as the atom bomb .
Since the start of the 20th century and perhaps as a result of the many people killed in the wars , the number of people born all over the world by far exceeded the number required to replace the dying .
This rapid population growth led to economic growth , wealth generation , and unprecedented comfortable levels of standard of living , the world was having a good time .
But without any global population strategy or guidance , while people were living perfectly ordinary productive and increasingly prosperous lives , the number of people on earth was growing beyond the ability of the earth to support humans as it had always done before .
Few people noticed the early population explosion , until the end of the 20th century , when many sounded alarm bells .
However , for trivial reasons , totally unworthy of the gravity of the situation , the world was not prepared to listen , or even debate the issue .
Even now , that the well reported damage to our life support systems may have surpassed tipping points of no reversibility , the world continue to ignore overpopulation , and attempts to cure individual symptoms like CO2 emissions , with spectacular failures like Copenhagen .
For endangering the lives of billions of people , in addition to reckless lack of wisdom and deep - rooted stupidity , there can only be suspicions of less than valid reasons ; such as : Fear of unemployment and civil unrest by governments , fear of controversial issues and vested interests by the media , and big business wanting more and more people as purchasing fodder .
But there can no longer be ANY REASON for supporting the 1967 agreement , added to the U.N. universal declaration of human rights , which gives families the right to have unlimited numbers of children , regardless of their ability to support them .
For a rigorous analysis of this agreement see “ THE TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS ” by Garrett Hardin at this link : http:/bit.ly/c7jSKO
As the planet continues to be abused by people who reproduce like perpetual cluster bombs , and that grow at the rate of 200.000 per day , or 75 millions per year , governments and media must now acknowledge overpopulation , and regulate or enforce sustainable lifestyles .
The future has always been unpredictable , but we face grim prospect in the 21st century , as we hold onto our lifestyle and refuse to change anything , we are likely to either be vaporised by atom bombs , or fight and kill each other like rats in an overcrowded cage .
But in the unlikely scenario that we combine intelligence , wisdom , and sacrifice to do the necessary changes , we might survive and even restore some of the things worth living for .
-33.923776 18.423345
has a glass - front chicken brooder in one corner of his living room and a rabbit in a cage in another .
The guest room is dominated by a table full of just - sprouted lettuce , broccoli , spinach and kale soaking up grow - light .
And the fridge in the step - in kitchen holds his own home - brewed ginger beer , along with a freshly made pumpkin pie .
He ’s particularly proud of the pie .
“ I ’m trying to prove , ” Williams says , “ that you can be bad - ass AND bake . ”
Which is funny .
And explains why the shelf by the TV includes at least one boxed set of DVDs with Williams ’ picture on its cover .
The newest urban farmer in Rose City is also a TV star .
Williams , 28 , is one - fifth of
, a New York - based comedy troupe he joined as a college student in 2001 .
The group is still together , and Williams will soon rejoin his mates to write and shoot their show ’s fifth season .
But he wo n’t be away for long : Portland ’s relaxed pace , and the balance between funky oddities , cosmopolitan culture and the balm of nature , won him and his wife Kristin , 30 , over for good .
“ We want to grow our own food , raise our own animals and make stuff on our own .
We ’ve already made our own cheese , our own pickles and pizza dough . ”
Along the way he ’s making himself into what may be an entirely new breed .
“ I want to be a comedian - farmer . ”
Sitting at his small kitchen table , a glass of homemade ginger beer in one hand and a frequently ringing cell phone in the other , Williams describes his plans with a kind of electric enthusiasm .
His cheeks flush with excitement , his already - boyish voice climbs to keep up with his excitement .
Forget the intricacies of showbiz for a moment and tune into what ’s really cool : the secondhand chicken coop outside that will house the four growing hens ( all named for the other Whitest Kids , despite the obvious gender discrepancy ) .
Soon the ragged back lawn in their Rose City bungalow will be plowed under to make room for lines of lettuce , broccoli and other leafy greens that will prepare the land for subsequent seasons of potatoes , carrots , cucumbers and who knows what all .
If they can turn their ordinary - sized backyard ( about a tenth of an acre , Williams estimates ) into a minifarm productive enough to feed themselves , Williams and Kristin will head further from town for a larger spread where they can produce crops large enough to send to market .
“ And I keep thinking about building a stage , too .
In the summer we could have outdoor comedy festivals ! ”
Meanwhile , Timmy and Kristin — she ’s training to be an electrician — are already eager adopters of the do - it - yourself life .
Kristin makes her own pickles .
Their homemade pizza is entirely handmade , from the dough to the cheese .
Nothing TV - glam about that .
But then again , when Williams went to Hollywood last month to help his troupe - mates present a trophy at the Independent Spirit Awards he ended up in the hospital — no DIY here — felled by a fired - up appendix .
Too sick to stand onstage , he spent the show in the front row .
Just beyond the grasp of the spotlights and not unhappy to be there , it seems .
Everything comes with a context , and for Williams a lot of it stems from his childhood in South Dakota , where his dad sold used cars and his mom worked as a teacher .
The oldest of six kids , Williams studied English for a year at a small Catholic university , then in the late summer of 2001 transferred to Brooklyn College in New York to pursue his deepening interest in film and writing .
Williams had been in school for a week or two when he learned , in the middle of a class lecture one Tuesday morning , that the entire university would shut down for the foreseeable future .
It was Sept. 11 , just after 9 a.m .
The safest place to go after the twin towers were struck , everyone agreed , was back to their rooms .
Williams ’ dorm was in Brooklyn Heights , just across the East River from the World Trade Center .
Other kids were in the hall , Williams introduced himself , and after a few hours learned he had something in common with the four guys around him .
They all were comedy fans toying with the idea of starting their own performance troupe .
In the shadow of a nightmare , a bright idea emerged .
The Whitest Kids U’Know were formed .
First no one cared , but the crew kept writing , and soon drew a regular crowd to weekly performances at a downtown nightclub .
A manager came onboard after another year or two , and then another agent who helped broker their step toward television .
Eventually they sold a pilot to the Fuse channel , which aired their first few dozen shows .
Later they moved up to their current home on
.
The group ’s pieces trend toward outlandish characters and comic takes on certain grim chapters in history .
Perhaps the troupe ’s best - known sketch is the one depicting the Lincoln assassination as a well - deserved response to a long burst of incredibly profane presidential heckling during a performance of “ Hamlet . ”
So maybe the Whitest Kids can get a trifle dark .
But so runs the comedian ’s creative headwaters , particularly in this age of unrelenting threats , violence and economic turmoil .
In another era the Kids might be far more famous , and certainly better paid .
He could have his bigger piece of land right now , for instance .
But Williams shrugs it off .
He already has what he needs .
And he ’ll learn how to make the rest .
Now he enjoys getting to know his neighbors , most of whom are retired , some since before Williams was born .
Consider the 90 - year - old guy down the street .
Williams loves that guy .
“ He has an amazing garden . ”
And when Portland beckons he explores the hot spots everyone talks about .
Voodoo Doughnut ; the Bagdad Theater ; Powell ’s Books , and more .
Williams appears in local comedy shows when someone asks , and most often he prefers to take the bus into town , saving money and gas even as he ’s tracking the odd characters and absorbing their thoughts and sometimes unexpected actions .
“ It ’s definitely a quirky town , ” he says .
He takes comfort in the buzz of humanity .
He keeps an ear out for material .
And when it comes he collects it , gently , and holds on .
It ’s all material , you see .
And like any committed do - it - yourselfer , Williams can make something out of nearly anything .
-
The Florida Panthers and Rochester Americans will be entering the final year of their current three year affiliation agreement and it's starting to sound like it 's going to be the last .
Amerks president Lewis Staats told the Democrat and Chronicle , " We 're willing to talk but we 're not willing to negotiate an extension . "
At the heart of the issue is whether or not the Florida Panthers are willing to help pay for the costs of veteran players in Rochester next season .
Staats says in the story that last July there was a verbal agreement in place that the Panthers would help pay for part of the costs associated with those players but " they just kept sending us a bill at the end of every month . "
The Amerks thought the costs should have been shared but the sharing never came about .
Here ’s my thoughts , just say this is the last season of the affiliation and let it end .
Curt Styres and Lewis Staats had no choice but to sign an agreement with the Panthers when they bought the Amerks before the 2008/2009 season .
I think it ’s been pretty clear that very few people ( in Rochester ) like the Florida Panthers and enough people have probably put it in their heads ( Styres and Staats ) that the Panthers are the problem for low ticket sales in Rochester .
I have no idea what else at this time will be available in terms of other affiliations , but with the way things work in the AHL it seems like nothing is ever set in stone no matter what is reported .
The Amerks have not even met with the Dale Tallon yet , the Panthers new GM .
It seems to me like common business sense would be to hold off on the words said and say they ’re going to meet and try to work out their differences and make things work .
Or even better just say they ’re going to explore all other options and say they ’re going separate ways .
What we have instead are some more wacky discussions in the middle of May and not anything that will try and build any new fan interest for the upcoming season .
These are real issues , you just have to question the way in which the Amerks organization goes about talking about them .
It 's going to be a long summer and long season unless Dale Tallon can come in and work some magic to smooth things over .
The affiliation between the Amerks and Panthers has had some rough times but they seemed to be making progress .
Stay tuned , it 's going to be interesting .
The AHL and NHL do not provide a list of current affiliation lengths between teams so there ’s no real way to say what other team would be available .
Get ready for another lame duck season and world of distractions .
I feel sorry for the ticket reps who have to try and build new ticket sales , it ’s probably not easy with all of this going on .
Ed. Note : Keith is the founder and managing editor of the wonderfully awesome LetsGoAmerks.com - check it out for everything on the Amerks and American Hockey League .
Ilya Shapiro : " Kagan is certainly not the worst possible nominee from among those in the potential pool . "
Roger Pilon : Does Elena Kagan support limited government ?
Ilya Somin on Kagan and the Harvard ban on military recruiters .
Walter Olson : " Assuming Kagan coasts to an easy confirmation , she 'll join a liberal caucus on the Court that more than ever resembles a faculty meeting . "
David Bernstein : " There is no evidence that she has any ideological sympathy for the ' right . ' "
And you can read Reason 's coverage of Elena Kagan right here .
One Laptop Per Child wo n't use Microsoft 's Windows OS on its upcoming XO - 3 tablet , which will run Linux , OLPC 's CTO said Thursday .
OLPC 's chairman Nicholas Negroponte last year said that the organization was " urging " Microsoft to make a full version of Windows available for the earlier XO - 2 , which was also based on the Arm processor .
The XO - 2 was later canceled .
The XO - 3 will also use an Arm processor , but OLPC is ruling out loading multiple versions of Windows on the tablet , said Ed McNierney , OLPC 's CTO , by e-mail Thursday .
" We have no evidence that Microsoft will make full - featured Windows 7 available on Arm , and that 's their decision , " McNierney said .
Arm processors can run the Windows Mobile OS , but Windows Phone 7 , Microsoft 's upcoming mobile OS , was also rejected by McNierney .
" Our XO tablet will be a full - function computing device , not a smartphone or a PDA .
Windows Mobile was designed for those markets , not general - purpose computing , and it's just not useful to us , " McNierney said .
Existing XO laptops , whose primary audience is children in developing countries , come with x86 chips and offer Linux and Windows operating systems .
But OLPC and its partners like Sugar Labs have made progress in developing power - management features in Linux and that is the OS of choice for XO - 3 , McNierney said .
" Our ability to achieve our low power goals depends on being able to make appropriate changes throughout the operating system , and that 's just not possible except in an open source environment , " McNierney said .
An XO - 3 prototype will first be displayed at the Consumer Electronics Show early next year running Google 's Android OS , Negroponte said in an e-mail .
By January 2012 , XO - 3 will likely run a different Linux OS .
Current XO laptops run Linux with the Sugar platform , which provides an education - specific user interface .
Sugar development is being managed by Sugar Labs , a nonprofit organization .
McNierney said the company plans to stick to Sugar , but developers will need to adapt it for multitouch input capabilities to conform with XO - 3's tablet design .
Developers may also need to come up with alternative desktop interface ideas , McNierney said .
Locking up his station wagon , the one with the scratched paint and unpaid bills covering the floor mats , Cam Slocum crossed the parking lot and stepped into the kitchen of the swanky French restaurant Mélissein Santa Monica .
A cook set down his knife and walked over to greet the stranger .
Slocum held out a Ziploc bag filled with lettuce .
“ Hi , ” said Slocum , 50 , his deep voice straining to be heard .
“ I grow Italian mache in my backyard .
It ’s really good , only $ 8 a pound .
Would you like to buy some ? ”
A few feet away , chef de cuisine Ken Takayama glanced curiously at the lanky stranger in jeans and a worn plaid shirt .
He ’s heard this sort of pitch before .
“ Every day , every week , it ’s something new , ” Takayama said .
“ You name it , they have it . ”
Since the economy took a dive three years ago , Takayama and others say they ’ve seen more and more people showing up unannounced at restaurants , local markets and small retailers , looking to sell what they ’ve foraged or grown in their backyards .
No one keeps track of the number of people selling their homegrown bounty , but scores of ads have cropped up on Craigslist across the country , hawking local produce , home - filtered honey and backyard eggs .
One Los Angeles resident with a lemon tree posted an offering on Craigslist to let customers “ save over 50 % over Vons , Ralphs , etc. $ 1.00 / pound . ”
At the Orange County Swap Meet , officials said the number of people selling home - canned beans and other homemade edibles grew to 30 vendors this month , up from eight vendors in early 2007 .
In the South , hunters are selling venison and wild boar meat .
In the Midwest , people are combing the forests for morel mushrooms , which can fetch $ 10 to $ 40 a pound .
Tacey Perkins decided her best customers may be the neighbors around her Riverside County home .
Last fall , the mother of two and former real estate agent posted a sign on her front lawn in Mira Loma advertising home - grown pumpkins .
She sold $ 100 worth .
This summer she plans to have a farm stand on the family ’s picnic table with baskets of zucchini , peppers and eggs .
“ My husband works in the construction industry , and while he still has a job , things are slower , ” said Perkins , 35 .
“ Every little bit helps . ”
The trend harkens back to the U.S. depression of 1893 , when cities encouraged owners of empty lots to let unemployed people farm them and sell the excess produce , said Laura Lawson , an associate professor of landscape architecture at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
“ It was seen as engendering the capitalist ideal of this country , that people were bettering themselves by being outside and working , ” Lawson said .
She said that changed during the Great Depression of the 1930s , when civic leaders , reluctant to create competition for struggling farmers , advocated gardening for food — not profit .
In Los Angeles , it ’s unclear whether such entrepreneurship is legal : A 1946 zoning ordinance allowed “ truck gardening ” but did n’t define what that meant or identify what could be grown for sale in residential areas .
Because of the ambiguity , the city has shut down some backyard enterprises , but not others .
An outcry by urban farming advocates last summer prompted Los Angeles City Council President Eric Garcetti to introduce a motion dubbed the Food and Flowers Freedom Act , which would allow people to grow “ berries , flowers , fruits , greens , herbs , ornamental plants , mushrooms , nuts , seedlings or vegetables for use on - site or sale or distribution off - site . ”
The city ’s building and safety department has stopped enforcing the old ordinance for now .
The City Council is expected to vote on the proposed ordinance Friday .
Many people , though , ca n’t afford to wait .
Slocum , a furniture dealer , saw his paycheck dwindle to zero after the real estate market crashed .
The only thing he owned was the clay soil beneath his home in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Lincoln Heights .
So he ripped out his backyard weeds and planted beefsteak tomatoes and baby mache , a salad green often prepared like spinach .
The dime - sized leaves carpet his half - acre lot in lush emerald rows .
Slocum started selling at farmers markets and on online blogs , and cold - calling local restaurants .
Today he has 10 restaurants that are regular clients .
He needs another 20 to pay his bills .
Stepping into the Mélisse kitchen , Slocum opened the bag of mache and handed the chef a curling leaf to taste .
“ It tastes sweet .
Like rose , ” said Takayama as he chewed .
“ It ’s good , right ? ” Slocum said .
Takayama nodded .
Still , he was n’t buying .
“ I have enough right now , ” Takayama said .
Slocum grimaced in frustration as he walked back to his car .
As he drove away , his eyes scanned the street , looking for possibilities .
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
How to Regain and Maintain Hip Mobility
Yesterday , I made a case for the necessity of good hip mobility in , well , everyone .
Athletes will get faster , stronger , and more powerful .
Lifters will be able to lift more weight and squat heavier without rounding the lower back .
Regular folks will spare their lower back from the stress of chronic sitting and bending over to pick things up .
Extensive hip mobility will improve your love life ( seriously , think about it – hip thrust , range of motion ! ) , your deadlift , your Grok squat , and your posture .
If you own a set of hips , the ability to traverse their full range of motion will improve your life in many ways .
They are the fulcrum upon which most activity depends .
Treat them well , keep them well lubed and tuned up , and you will reap the benefits and reduce your chance of injury .
That much is pretty clear by now .
So , how do you do it ?
How do you get hip mobility , and how do you maintain it ?
Before you launch into a series of drills and exercises , it ’s important to understand exactly what I mean by hip mobility .
I briefly went over it yesterday , but here ’s a short exercise you can do right now to get the feeling for your hips .
Stand up ( or remain standing if you ’ve taken my advice to heart and set up a standup workstation ) .
Pick an object on the ground , or place one there .
A shoe , a hat , a piece of paper , anything will work .
Now , pick up the object .
But wait – do n’t squat down to pick it up , and do n’t just bend over at the waist .
Erase the word “ bend ” from your vocabulary .
You are n’t bending ; you ’re reaching back with your hips .
Stick your butt backwards , as if you were reaching for a stool to sit down .
All the while , maintain a tight lumbar spine .
Keep your back straight , in other words .
Do n’t round your back .
Keep your legs nearly straight , too , just enough to unlock your knees .
Stick your hips back until you can grab the object .
Grab it , then come back up by reversing the hip motion .
Thrust your hips forward , as if you were performing a NSFW activity , Um , yeah .
Thrust your hips forward by pulling against the ground with your heels .
Squeeze your glutes for good measure , too .
Feel that pull in your hamstrings and glute muscles as you draw power from your heels planted firmly against the ground ?
That ’s how you use your hips , and half the battle is won .
Simply visualizing this usage of your hips will get you pretty far and improve your hip mobility ( because now you know what using your hips feels like ) , but you can go even further .
You ca n’t have too much hip mobility .
Soft Tissue Work
Next , get your hands on a foam roller and a tennis ball , baseball , golf ball , or a lacrosse ball .
You ’re going to do some soft tissue work to loosen up the muscles that are keeping your hips tight .
Unless you ’ve got a live in masseuse , these are essential items for any active person anyway , and they ’re cheap , so there ’s no excuse not to have them .
Do these after a workout , in the morning , or , if you ’re super tight and in a ton of pain , every day .
Foam Roll Your IT Band ( VIDEO )
Tight hips often correlate with tight iliotibial bands , those infamous strips of connective tissue that run along the outside of our upper thighs .
Start at your hip and roll down to just above your knee , pausing on any painful spots .
Try slightly different angles to hit different aspects of the band .
Fifteen rolls per leg .
Foam Roll Your Hip Adductors ( Inner Thighs ) ( VIDEO )
You ’ll sort of have to straddle the end of the roller to get your legs in position .
It may look a bit obscene , but that ’s okay .
Fifteen rolls per leg .
Foam Roll Your Hamstring
If you desire a bit more pressure , do one leg at a time while keeping the off leg in the air .
Piriformis Myofascial Release ( VIDEO )
Follow the directions in the video .
Targeting the piriformis can be tricky , and this is the most reliable method I ’ve found .
( Note : this is n’t really hip mobility , but it ’s related , and I recall a commenter asking for help with piriformis pain .
Try this . )
Otherwise , just generally foam roll the entire area – quads , hamstrings – and look for really tight spots which you can target with the ball .
Mobility Drills
These are classic mobility drills , essentially designed to explore the full range of motion in the hips .
When you ’re working these drills , think about starting out small .
Instead of big circles right away , make controlled circles .
Just make sure you ’re actively using your hips in a controlled manner .
Front -Back Leg Swings ( VIDEO )
Keeping your leg straight , hold on to a stable surface and swing your leg from front to back .
Generate the power from your hips – from where the leg meets the hip socket – rather than from your thighs .
To ensure hip engagement , keep your lumbar spine tight and still .
If you find your lower back moving with each swing , swing a little shorter .
Fifteen each leg .
Side to Side Leg Swings ( VIDEO )
Similar to front - back leg swings , only performed from side to side .
The urge to rotate your torso will be even greater with these , so be firm and lead with the hips , not the pelvis .
Fifteen each leg .
Squat Stands ( VIDEO )
Take a rather wide stance , touch your toes while keeping your legs straight , drop into a low squat position ( elbows on the inside of your knees , knees shoved out and tracking over your toes ) with a strong lumbar curve , throw your hands overhead , and come up .
Make sure you maintain that lumbar curve and never round your back , because a rounded back means tension is taken off your hips .
Repeat ten times .
Fire Hydrants ( VIDEO ) .
On your hands and knees , make big ( big – the video does n’t really convey the range of motion ) circles in the air with your knee by rotating at the hip .
Do ten in each direction for each leg .
These can be performed while walking upright ( VIDEO ) , walking backward , ( VIDEO ) and briskly in reverse ( VIDEO ) .
Reverse Lunge with Twist ( VIDEO )
Take a big step backward ( as far as you can ) .
Drop to one knee and rotate your torso to the opposite side .
Ten , each leg .
Mountain Climbers
Instead of going quickly and turning it into a workout , try to get your feet flat - footed on the ground , outside of your hands – and hold that position for a second or two before switching feet .
Really feel the stretch .
Make sure you maintain torso and hip position ; do n’t go flailing around with your whole body .
See the third exercise in this video for an example ( also shows fire hydrants , as well as some other great hip mobility stuff ) .
Do ten of these for each leg .
Hip Thrusts
Sit on the ground , with your upper back resting on a bench , your feet on the floor and your knees up .
Plant your feet firmly and thrust your hips forward by squeezing your glutes , creating a sort of bridge with your torso .
Kinda like this , only without the absurd amount of weight .
Light to no weight is also effective .
Hip mobility is nothing new .
Trainers are increasingly aware of its importance , and there are some fantastic programs out there .
Joe DeFranco ’s “ Agile Eight ” hip mobility warm - up is a notable – and extremely effective – example .
Consisting of eight basic drills , the Agile Eight hits all the basics of hip mobility .
It ’s perfect for maintenance , and it ’s designed for daily use by experienced to semi-experienced athletes ( or weekend warriors ) .
It takes about seven or eight minutes to complete , perfect for the guy or gal who wants to stay mobile without turning it into a workout in and of itself .
StrongLifts has another great dynamic stretch system for hip mobility that ’s worth checking out .
Exercises and Activities That Support ( and Require ) Hip Mobility
Once you ’re comfortable with your level of hip engagement , try some of these exercises .
You ’ll be amazed at how crucial the hips are in pretty much everything .
But first a word of warning : Some of these are advanced moves .
If you do n’t execute these with proper form you are putting yourself at risk of injury .
My advice is to start light , use a coach for guidance and remember that this is more about form than it is about weight .
Deadlifts ( VIDEO )
You know , that exercise in which you move more weight than any other exercise ?
That ’s all hip extension , the most basic , powerful manifestation of strength we have at our disposal .
Box Jumps ( VIDEO )
A bench will work , or even just a basic vertical leap to see how high you can touch on the wall .
Only this time , pay close attention to your hips when you jump .
What do you notice about jumping ?
It ’s just an explosive hip extension !
Steps and stairs are great for beginners .
Sprinting or running ?
Each stride is a single - legged hip extension .
Try skip - sprinting ( VIDEO ) , only explode with mini hip extensions on each step .
Kettlebell Swings ( VIDEO )
Hip snap / extension .
Throwing a Punch ( VIDEO )
Plant your foot , generate power and throw your body into it with a hip rotation .
My favorite way to engage the hips and nail the hip extension has always been the Romanian deadlift ( VIDEO ) .
After leaving the endurance world , the RDL was my breakthrough hip engagement exercise .
It was eye - opening , because it let me know just how stiff and tight my hips were after decades of running with a limited range of motion ( the marathoner ’s plod ) .
If you ’re tight back there , it ’ll do the same for you .
It ’s easier than the classic deadlift for newbies to grasp , and you use lower weights , making it fairly safe .
And because it ’s a mostly straight - legged move , it ’s pure hip extension , whereas the classic deadlift is also about knee extension .
The RDL is basically the drill mentioned above , only holding a barbell .
Reach back with the hips , maintain lumbar curve / straight back , keep your legs barely unlocked , and lower the bar just past the knees .
Come back up by extending / thrusting the hips forward , pulling your heels against the floor , and making sure to maintain skin - bar contact .
You can go even lower with the bar as long as you maintain your lumbar curve .
That ’s the purest , simplest test of hip mobility .
Most people off the street , if they can even grasp the nuance between hip extension and lower back extension , wo n’t be able to lower the bar lower than the knees unless they lose the straight legs and opt for bended knees .
You know why ?
They suffer from tight hips that have never been used correctly .
Picking a Program
The good news is that there are many paths to fixing hip mobility .
There are hundreds of drills , exercises , and stretches – both static and dynamic – that will help .
The bad news is that there are many paths to fixing hip mobility , almost too many .
Faced with an array of choices , some people freeze up .
If that ’s you , fear not .
I ’m not an expert on mobility , but I ’ve been there and I have an idea or two about what works best .
I ’ve suffered from limited hip mobility in the past and I learned how to rectify that unfortunate state .
Here ’s hoping you ’re able to do the same .
If you ’re incredibly tight , spend a week or two fixing the problem .
Try all the drills , do all the soft tissue work , and once you ’re confident in your ability to mobilize the hips , give the Romanian deadlifts a shot .
If you just need to maintain mobility , pick three or four of the drills and do them as a warm - up along with the soft tissue work post workout three or four times a week .
Once you ’re aware of how important hip mobility is , you ’ll never slack off again .
About the Author Mark Sisson is the founder of Mark ’s Daily Apple , godfather to the Primal food and lifestyle movement , and the New York Times bestselling author of The Keto Reset Diet .
His latest book is Keto for Life , where he discusses how he combines the keto diet with a Primal lifestyle for optimal health and longevity .
Mark is the author of numerous other books as well , including The Primal Blueprint , which was credited with turbocharging the growth of the primal / paleo movement back in 2009 .
After spending three decades researching and educating folks on why food is the key component to achieving and maintaining optimal wellness , Mark launched Primal Kitchen , a real - food company that creates Primal / paleo , keto , and Whole30 - friendly kitchen staples .
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
A draft contract containing details about Sarah Palin 's speaking fee and requirements was obtained by California State University , Stanislaus , students who claim they found the document in a Dumpster .
Here are some of her demands :
Hotel room must have a " moose couture " styling to it
Most recent copy of all newspapers
Children 's caretaker must be of Korean ethnicity or higher
50 - gallon aquarium containing a minimum of eight piranhas that have n't been fed in a week and a bucket of ducks
If the name of the speaking venue exceeds four syllables , then it must be temporarily changed to " Thompson Hall "
Book of word searches and package of string cheese for Todd
Extra red clothing just in case something happens to her other red clothing
Audio engineer must ensure speakers are capturing full cuntiness of voice
Dressing - room lighting fixtures must be equipped with non-efficient bulbs
Palin must have " five ( 5 ) black pillar candles of 13 " in length and 3 " in circumference , one ( 1 ) stone altar of Baphomet , one ( 1 ) obsidian dagger , and one ( 1 ) baby delivered to her dressing area no less than two hours prior to her speech "
VICTIMS in large - scale accidents or catastrophes in the Northern Territory will soon be barcoded at the scene before being sent to hospital .
Experts say it is only a matter of months before Territory emergency services adapt the revolutionary barcode card technology , the Northern Territory News reported .
And the rest of Australia is expected to soon follow suit .
The technology is designed for major catastrophes which involve more than 10 victims .
These could range from traffic accidents to terrorist attacks and natural disasters , such as earthquakes .
Royal Darwin Hospital director of disaster preparedness Dr Ian Norton said it would put the Territory at the forefront of major emergency responses in Australia .
" It 's the holy grail of disaster management , " he said .
" It 's information we 've never had before . "
The technology , designed by Darwin - based company Combined Communication Solutions , was trialled for the first time yesterday at an urban " search and rescue exercise " involving nearly 80 mock patients in Yarrawonga .
It allows the tracking of patients from the incident scene to the hospital in real time .
Patients are separated into critical , semi-critical , walking - wounded and dead categories before being equipped with a barcoded triage card .
A hand - held scanner then sends the information to a website via 3G technology .
Read more at the Northern Territory News .
Q : Do illegal immigrants cost $ 338.3 billion dollars a year ?
More than the Iraq war ?
A : A chain e-mail that makes this claim is loaded with errors and misleading assertions .
Published studies vary widely but put the cost to government at a small fraction of that total .
FULL QUESTION
I wonder if much of this is true ?
Is this on your radar screen ?
This is astounding and infuriating .
Why is n’t this in the papers ?
Please read and pass it on .
WHY ARE WE BANKRUPT ?
Informative , and mind boggling !
You think the war in Iraq is costing us too much ?
Read this :
Boy am I confused .
I have been hammered with the propaganda that it is the Iraq war and the war on terror that is bankrupting us .
I now find that to be RIDICULOUS .
I hope the following 14 reasons are forwarded over and over again until they are read so many times that the reader gets sick of reading them .
I have included the URL ’s for verification of all the following facts .
1 . $ 11 Billion to $ 22 billion is spent on welfare to illegal aliens each year .
Verify at : http://tinyurl.com/zob77
2 . $ 2.2 Billion dollars a year is spent on food assistance programs such as food stamps , WIC , and free school lunches for illegal aliens .
Verify at : http://www.cis..org/articles/2004/fiscalexec.html
3 . $ 2.5 Billion dollars a year is spent on Medicaid for illegal aliens .
Verify at : http://www.cis..org/articles/2004/fiscalexec.html
4 . $ 12 Billion dollars a year is spent on primary and secondary school education for children here illegally and they cannot speak a word of English !
Verify at : http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0604/01/ldt.0.html
5 . $ 17 Billion dollars a year is spent for education for the American - born children of illegal aliens , known as anchor babies .
Verify at http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0604/01/ldt.01.html
6 . $ 3 Million Dollars a DAY is spent to incarcerate illegal aliens .
Verify at : http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0604/01/ldt.01.html
7 . 30 % percent of all Federal Prison inmates are illegal aliens .
Verify at : http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0604/01/ldt.01.html
8 . $ 90 Billion Dollars a year is spent on illegal aliens for Welfare & social services by the American taxpayers .
Verify at : http://premium.cnn.com/TRANSCIPTS/0610/29/ldt.01.html
9 . $ 200 Billion Dollars a year in suppressed American wages are caused by the illegal aliens .
Verify at : http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0604/01/ldt.01.html
10 .
The illegal aliens in the United States have a crime rate that ’s two and a half times that of white non-illegal aliens .
In particular , their children , are going to make a huge additional crime problem in the US
Verify at : http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0606/12/ldt.01.html
11 . During the year of 2005 there were 4 to 10 MILLION illegal aliens that crossed our Southern Border also , as many as 19,500 illegal aliens from Terrorist Countries .
Millions of pounds of drugs , cocaine , meth , heroin and marijuana , crossed into the U. S from the Southern border .
Verify at : Homeland Security Report : http://tinyurl.com/t9sht
12 . The National Policy Institute , ‘estimated that the total cost of mass deportation would be between $ 206 and $ 230 billion or an average cost of between $ 41 and $ 46 billion annually over a five year period . ’
Verify at : http://www.nationalpolicyinstitute.org/pdf/deportation.pdf
13 . In 2006 illegal aliens sent home $ 45 BILLION in remittances back to their countries of origin .
Verify at : http://www.rense.com/general75/niht.htm
14 . ‘ The Dark Side of Illegal Immigration : Nearly One Million Sex Crimes Committed by Illegal Immigrants In The United States . ’
Verify at : http://www.drdsk.com/articleshtml
The total cost is a whopping $ 338.3 BILLION DOLLARS A YEAR AND IF YOU’RE LIKE ME HAVING TROUBLE UNDERSTANDING THIS AMOUNT OF MONEY ; IT IS $ 338,300,000,000.00 WHICH WOULD BE ENOUGH TO STIMULATE THE ECONOMY FOR THE CITIZENS OF THIS COUNTRY .
Are we THAT stupid ?
YES , FOR LETTING THOSE IN THE U.S. CONGRESS GET AWAY WITH LETTING THIS HAPPEN YEAR AFTER YEAR !!!!!
If this does n’t bother you then just delete the message .
If , on the other hand , if it does raise the hair on the back of your neck , I hope you forward it to every legal resident in the country including every representative in Washington , D.C. – five times a week for as long as it takes to restore some semblance of intelligence in our policies and enforcement thereof .
FULL ANSWER
This chain e-mail has been forwarded to us by readers many times over the past year .
The most recent version adds a new angle , claiming that the amount of money taxpayers spend on illegal immigrants would be enough to “ stimulate the economy . ”
But no matter the spin , the e-mail is rife with errors .
It also contains several red flags that should tip off readers that this is more bogus than believable .
For one thing , the figures given do n’t add up to a “ whopping $ 338.3 billion dollars a year ” spent on illegal immigrants in the U.S. , as the e-mail claims .
The e-mail lists 14 claims about illegal immigrants , all of which were included in a longer list penned by anti-immigration activist Frosty Wooldridge and published on the conservative Web site NewswithViews.com on Jan. 22 , 2007 .
Another NewswithViews columnist , Lynn Stuter , included Wooldridge ’s list , with some updated links , in an article posted on April 15 , 2008 .
The source cited for at least nine of the items is either the conservative Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) or the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , both of which call for more restrictive immigration laws .
CIS spokesman Bryan Griffith told us that he had never seen the e-mail but that he suspected something was out there because of occasional surges in traffic that forced him to rewrite Web pages .
When told about the e-mail ’s contents and conclusion of a $ 338.3 billion yearly cost , he responded that CIS “ never said anything of the like and is not going to comment on a chain e-mail that is in no way scientific . ”
The e-mail also continually blurs the important distinction between legal and illegal immigrants – a sign of sloppy and untrustworthy work .
Summary
Because we ’re gluttons for punishment , we ’ve gone through each claim in turn and report on each in detail farther down .
But here are a few highlights ( or lowlights ) of what we found :
The e-mail includes a link to a CIS report that contradicts some of the e-mail ’s own claims .
The report found that illegal immigrant welfare use “ tends to be very low . ”
It also estimates the total federal net cost of households headed by illegal immigrants at under $ 10.4 billion , a small fraction of what this message claims .
One “ paper ” that is cited is a non-peer - reviewed , non-scientific study that essentially fabricates a number for illegal immigrant criminals .
Five of the links lead to transcripts of Lou Dobbs ’ cable television show , which fulminates regularly against illegal immigration and is hardly a neutral source .
Furthermore , in all instances , the e-mail then takes the original Dobbs reporting out of context .
So , how much do illegal immigrants cost federal , state and local governments in the U.S. ?
Estimates vary widely , and no consensus exists .
The Urban Institute put the net national cost at $ 1.9 billion in 1992 ; a Rice University professor , whose work the Urban Institute criticized , said it was $ 19.3 billion in 1993 .
More recently , a 2007 report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office examined 29 reports on state and local costs published over 15 years in an attempt to answer this question .
CBO concluded that most of the estimates determined that illegal immigrants impose a net cost to state and local governments but “ that impact is most likely modest . ”
CBO said “ no agreement exists as to the size of , or even the best way of measuring , that cost on a national level . ”
The Details
For those who want more , we take on each of the e-mail ’s claims in order :
1. “ $ 11 Billion to $ 22 billion is spent on welfare to illegal aliens each year . ”
This item is completely false .
The link given to “ verify ” the claim actually leads to an issue brief by the conservative Federation for American Immigration Reform .
But the FAIR brief says nothing of the sort .
It says : “ Each year , state governments spend an estimated $ 11 billion to $ 22 billion to provide welfare to immigrants . ”
That ’s welfare payments in 2001 to all immigrants – both legal and illegal – plus households including U.S. citizens if they are headed by a person who was born outside the United States .
The site says the FAIR report was last updated in October 2002 , but a footnote credits this statistic to a March 2003 report from the Center for Immigration Studies .
CIS began as an off - shoot of FAIR .
But the CIS report does n’t actually say anything about $ 11 billion or $ 22 billion .
And it explains that its references to “ immigrant households ” include persons here legally and persons born outside the U.S .
CIS report : Like the Census Bureau , and other academic work that has examined this question , this report looks at welfare use by immigrant and native households .
Households are defined as immigrant or native based on the nativity of the household head .
As already indicated , this report uses the terms immigrant and foreign - born synonymously .
CIS estimated that welfare payments to illegal immigrant households averaged $ 1,040 per household in 2001 , mainly Medicaid “ on behalf of their U.S. - born children . ”
But the report did not attempt to come up with a total for all such households .
2. “ $ 2.2 Billion dollars a year is spent on food assistance programs such as food stamps , WIC , and free school lunches for illegal aliens . ”
3. “ $ 2.5 Billion dollars a year is spent on Medicaid for illegal aliens . ”
These figures supposedly come from a 2004 report by CIS that estimated the costs to the federal government of households headed by illegal immigrants in 2002 .
But the CIS report actually put the costs of food stamp , WIC and free school lunch programs to “ illegal alien households ” at $ 1.9 billion , not the $ 2.2 billion claimed in the e-mail .
The $ 2.5 billion figure for Medicaid to such households is quoted accurately , but again , much of this was in benefits for U.S. - born children , who are citizens .
Most interesting is that the CIS report includes a total net cost estimate to the federal government for illegal immigrants of just under $ 10.4 billion for the year , after accounting for the taxes these immigrants paid .
That does n’t include any potential costs to state or local governments , but it ’s a far cry from this e-mail ’s cost claim of $ 338.3 billion .
CIS report : Households headed by illegal aliens imposed more than $ 26.3 billion in costs on the federal government in 2002 and paid only $ 16 billion in taxes , creating a net fiscal deficit of almost $ 10.4 billion , or $ 2,700 per illegal household .
Even CIS ’ figures have been questioned by other researchers .
The Urban Institute reviewed a related 2003 CIS paper and concluded that its “ methods overstate the percentage of the population receiving Medicaid and the share of immigrants on Medicaid , resulting in misleading conclusions about welfare use among immigrants . ”
Even so , the CIS report actually rebuts claims repeated by this chain e-mail :
CIS : Our findings show that many of the preconceived notions about the fiscal impact of illegal households turn out to be inaccurate .
In terms of welfare use , receipt of cash assistance programs tends to be very low , while Medicaid use , though significant , is still less than for other households .
Only use of food assistance programs is significantly higher than that of the rest of the population .
Also , contrary to the perceptions that illegal aliens do n’t pay payroll taxes , we estimate that more than half of illegals work “ on the books . ”
4. “ $ 12 Billion dollars a year is spent on primary and secondary school education for children here illegally and they cannot speak a word of English ! ”
5. ” $ 17 Billion dollars a year is spent for education for the American - born children of illegal aliens , known as anchor babies . ”
Both links given to “ verify ” these claims lead to an April 1 , 2006 , episode of “ Lou Dobbs Tonight ” on CNN .
During the show , correspondent Christine Romans cited both of these stats and attributed them to FAIR .
A FAIR research paper from 2005 does include these cost projections , but a closer look shows that the underlying assumptions are inflated or unsupported .
The FAIR report starts with the presumption that there are “ 1.5 million school - aged illegal immigrants residing in the United States . ”
That figure is attributed to an Urban Institute presentation that does n’t actually say that .
Instead , the Urban Institute said : “ We estimate that there are about 1.4 million undocumented children under 18 with about 1.1 million of school age ( 5 - 19 ) . ”
The FAIR report also assumes there are 2 million “ U.S. - born siblings ” of illegal immigrant families .
However , the Urban Institute makes no estimates of U.S. - born siblings and FAIR gives no citation for its figure .
And in any case , again , those U.S. - born children of illegal immigrants are themselves U.S. citizens and not “ illegal aliens . ”
6 . “ $ 3 Million Dollars a DAY is spent to incarcerate illegal aliens . ”
7. “ 30 % percent of all Federal Prison inmates are illegal aliens . ”
Both of these claims can be traced back to that same April 1 , 2006 , episode of “ Lou Dobbs Tonight ” on CNN , in the same segment , with the same correspondent , Christine Romans .
But the e-mail misrepresents what Romans said .
She gave figures for people who are “ not U.S. citizens , ” a category that would include legal residents as well as “ illegal aliens . ”
Romans said that “ according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons , 30 percent of federal prisoners are not U.S. citizens , ” adding that “ most are thought to be illegal aliens . ”
Actually , the Federal Bureau of Prisons does not keep figures on illegal immigrants .
What solid numbers we can find point to a much smaller figure .
A Department of Justice report from 2003 found that only 1.6 percent of the state and federal prison populations was under Immigration and Customs Enforcement jurisdiction , and thus known to be illegal immigrants .
Half of these prisoners were detained only because they were here illegally , not for other crimes .
The Bureau of Prisons does track prisoners by offense when information is available .
By that metric , 10.7 percent of prisoners in federal jails were incarcerated for immigration offenses in 2009 .
In 2006 , when Romans gave her report , the figure was 10.2 percent .
The “ $ 3 million dollar a day ” figure is based on the false assumption that 30 percent of all inmates are illegal immigrants , and thus is greatly inflated .
8. “ $ 90 Billion Dollars a year is spent on illegal aliens for Welfare & social services by the American taxpayers . ”
The link to “ verify ” this claim is dead .
However , we found a transcript of a Lou Dobbs episode on Oct. 29 , 2006 , in which Robert Rector of the conservative Heritage Foundation made the following statement :
Robert Rector , Oct. 29 , 2006 : Well , assuming that we have about 11 million immigrants in the U.S. , the net cost or the total cost of services and benefits provided to them , education , welfare , general social services would be about $ 90 billion a year , and they would pay very little in taxes .
It ’s important to remember that at least half of illegal immigrants are high school dropouts .
We checked with Rector , who said he was referring to both legal and illegal low - skill immigrant households ( those headed by someone who does n’t have a high school diploma ) .
His research also looked at many forms of government spending per household , including money spent on parks and transportation .
9 . “ $ 200 Billion Dollars a year in suppressed American wages are caused by the illegal aliens . ”
Again , this is from that same April 1 , 2006 , Lou Dobbs episode .
On the show , Dobbs said that “ estimates by the most authoritative and recent study put the suppressed wages at $ 200 billion a year , as a result of immigration , both legal and illegal . ”
The e-mail continues its practice of ignoring any distinction between legal and illegal immigration .
We could n’t find any study that supported Dobb ’s figure .
10 .
“ The illegal aliens in the United States have a crime rate that ’s two and a half times that of white non-illegal aliens .
In particular , their children , are going to make a huge additional crime problem in the US ”
This is false .
The “ verify ” link leads to yet another transcript of Lou Dobbs speaking with Robert Rector of the Heritage Foundation .
This one is dated June 12 , 2006 , and Rector says , “ Hispanics in the United States have a crime rate that ’s two and a half times that of white non-Hispanics . ”
Rector said Hispanics , not illegal immigrants , as the e-mail alleges .
Considering there are 45.4 million Hispanics in the country , and an estimated 11.9 million illegal immigrants , the distinction is notable .
Rector ’s statistic for all Hispanics is correct , according to a 2003 report from the Justice Department .
11 . ” During the year of 2005 there were 4 to 10 MILLION illegal aliens that crossed our Southern Border also , as many as 19,500 illegal aliens from Terrorist Countries .
Millions of pounds of drugs , cocaine , meth , heroin and marijuana , crossed into the U. S from the Southern border . “
The link goes to a 2006 report written by the Republican staff of the House Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Security .
To start , the “ 19,500 ” number of “ illegal aliens from Terrorist Countries ” is nowhere to be found in this report .
In fact , the report estimates the number of illegal immigrants coming over the southern border from countries known to harbor terrorists to be in the “ hundreds . ”
We ’ve seen a similar scare tactic used previously in ads advocating for a border fence .
And the 4 million to 10 million statistic is extrapolated using some imprecise reasoning .
The committee report figures that since “ Border Patrol apprehended approximately 1.2 million illegal aliens ” in 2005 and since “ Federal law enforcement estimates that 10 percent to 30 percent of illegal aliens are actually apprehended , ” that “ therefore , in 2005 , as many as 10 to 4 million [ sic ] illegal aliens crossed into the United States . ”
That simplistic math produces a figure starkly different from more widely accepted estimates .
The Pew Hispanic Center estimated that in 2005 there were 11.1 million illegal immigrants total , living in the United States .
The center also estimated that about 500,000 illegal immigrants a year came to the U.S. from 2005 to 2008 .
12 . “ The National Policy Institute , ‘estimated that the total cost of mass deportation would be between $ 206 and $ 230 billion or an average cost of between $ 41 and $ 46 billion annually over a five year period . ’ “
No , it did n’t .
The National Policy Institute , a group that says it promotes the rights of “ white Americans , ” ironically was citing figures from the liberal Center for American Progress in a report that argued against mass deportation of undocumented workers .
CAP said such deportation would cost more per year than the entire Department of Homeland Security budget , illustrating “ the false allure of deportation as a response to our broken immigration system . ”
13 . “ In 2006 illegal aliens sent home $ 45 BILLION in remittances back to their countries of origin . ”
This is another bogus figure .
The email ’s link leads to the original Frosty Wooldridge article , which in turn cites as its source for this figure a link to a Contra - Costa Times article , which is no longer working .
Nevertheless , we were able to find a news release from the Inter - American Development Bank stating Latin American immigrants sent $ 45 billion in remittances in 2006 .
But that figure applies to all immigrants , including legal residents .
14 . “ The Dark Side of Illegal Immigration : Nearly One Million Sex Crimes Committed by Illegal Immigrants In The United States . ”
Once again , the “ verify ” link is dead .
But a little Internet research found the article cited .
An independently published , non-peer - reviewed study did estimate that nearly a million sex crimes have been committed by illegal immigrants over a seven - year period , but it employs some highly creative math and interesting assumptions to get there .
The “ study ” is actually a pretty good case study in bad research .
The author assumes that 2 percent of illegal immigrants are sex offenders after “ examining ICE reports and public records , ” but does not say how that figure was calculated .
A bibliography cites miscellaneous Immigration and Customs Enforcement press releases and media accounts of instances of apprehending illegal immigrants who were sex offenders ( seemingly manufacturing a “ rate ” based on anecdotal evidence ) .
The author then makes no distinction between male and female illegal immigrants when estimating the number that are “ sex offenders . ”
As we ’ve said before , anonymous chain e-mails making dramatic claims are quite likely to be false .
And that goes even for those that may seem to cite legitimate sources .
This one is yet another good candidate for the “ delete ” key .
– Justin Bank
Sources
Steven A. Camarota , “ Back Where We Started : An Examination of Trends in Immigrant Welfare Use Since Welfare Reform , ” Center for Immigration Studies , March 2003 .
Camarota , Steven A. , “ The High Cost of Cheap Labor : Illegal Immigration and the Federal Budget , ” Center for Immigration Studies , August 2004 .
Immigration and Welfare , ” Federation for American Immigration Reform , Oct 2002 .
A Line in the Sand : Confronting the Threat at the Southwest Border , ” prepared by the Majority Staff of House Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Investigations , Nov 2006 .
Goyle , Rajeev , “ Deporting the Undocumented : A Cost Assessment , ” Center for American Progress .
26 July 2005 .
Sending Money Home : Leveraging the Development Impact of Remittances , ” Inter - American Development Bank .
18 Oct 2006 .
Schurman - Kauflin , Dr. Deborah , “ The Dark Side of Illegal Immigration : Nearly One Million Sex Crimes Committed by Illegal Immigrants in the United States , ” Violent Crimes Institute , 2006 .
Martin , Jack , “ Breaking the Piggy Bank : How Illegal Immigration is Sending Schools Into the Red , ” Federation for American Immigration Reform .
June 2005 .
Fix , Michael and Passel , Jeffrey , “ U.S. Immigration — Trends and Implications for Schools , ” Immigration Studies Program , The Urban Institute , 2003 .
“ Estimates of the Unauthorized Immigrant Population Residing in the United States : 1990 - 2000 , ” Office of Policy Planning , U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service , January 2003 .
“ Table 169 , Current Expenditure Per Pupil in Fall Enrollment in Public Elementary and Secondary Schools , by State : 1969 - 70 to 1999 - 00 , ” Digest of Education Statistics 2002 , National Center for Education Statistics , U.S. Department of Education .
How COVID - 19 drug / vaccine decisions might be based on little evidence
Everyday we are flooded with a tsunami of news about the race to test COVID - 19 vaccines in thousands – tens of thousands – of people .
When you hear about such large trials of 30,000 or more , you might be surprised by the following .
Today I pause to reflect on the very low level of evidence [… ]
Perfect storm of politics , PR , polluted messages to the public
That was the title of a seminar presentation I made for the Georgetown University Health and the Public Interest program last week .
It was delivered via Zoom for the graduate students in the program and for a broader Zoom audience beyond the University .
The co-director of the program , Adriane Fugh - Berman , MD , invited me .
She also [… ]
It has come to this : ignore vaccines - in - animals drug industry PR & news
Earlier this week , a powerful opinion piece , “ It Has Come To This : Ignore the CDC , ” co-authored by former National Institutes of Health director Harold Varmus , was published in the New York Times .
That ’s on the science side .
On the PR and journalism side , it has come to this : ignore a lot of the news you [… ]
Convalescent plasma : another controversial clash of politics & science
You ’d need a pretty big , stiff broom to sweep away all of the hype dished out by the Trump Administration as it announced an Emergency Use Authorization for convalescent plasma – the liquid component of blood that may be tapped for disease - fighting antibodies from people who ’ve been infected with COVID - 19 .
Before the announcement was even [… ]
Crazy week of PR & news on studies should teach us how / what to ignore
On Tuesday , it was excitement over vaccine news in 12 monkeys .
( Journalism example . )
On Wednesday , it was excitement over vaccine news in cells from mice .
( National Institutes of Health PR example . )
We ’re going down the food chain .
Today is Thursday .
By Friday , we may be getting excited for nematodes that are vaccinated .
Let me emphasize : [… ]
Drug company influence on journalism
Many times through the years , HealthNewsReview.org has criticized the National Press Foundation in Washington , DC , for accepting drug company funding for journalism training .
( See articles from June 2009 , July 2009 , August 2010 , September 2010 , October 2010 , March 2014 , March 2015 , December 2015 , November 2019 .
I may have missed a few , but you get the picture . )
They ’re doing it [… ]
Things you should think about when you hear “ vaccine by end of the year ”
On July 27 , 2020 , the Washington Post reported , Two coronavirus vaccines begin the last phase of testing : 30,000 - person trials , wrapping it in historical terms :
At 6:45 a.m. Monday , a volunteer in Savannah , Ga. , received a shot in the arm and became the first participant in a massive human experiment that will test the effectiveness of an experimental [… ]
What you need to know about the Alzheimer ’s test news
For years , substances called tau protein or beta - amyloid have been theorized to be signs or causes of Alzheimer ’s disease .
There have been many reports of tests and treatments based on theories that tau and / or amyloid are at least signs , if not causes , of Alzheimer ’s .
Scientific uncertainty remains about the precise role of tau and amyloid [… ]
HealthNewsReview.org in the news about COVID - 19
I ’ve been asked to do more interviews in the past six months than in any recent comparable time span .
COVID - 19 is almost always the reason for the requests .
Some of the more recent requests were spawned by the JAMA Viewpoint article , Communicating Science in the Time of a Pandemic , that I co-authored with Richard Saitz , MD , [… ]
One day of COVID - 19 drug & vaccine news provides cautious reminders
Before I even turned on my computer yesterday , the BBC had blared this headline about a trial of the protein interferon beta :
The sub - headline read :
The preliminary results of a clinical trial suggest a new treatment for Covid - 19 reduces the number of patients needing intensive care , according to the UK company that developed it .
Eventually some [… ]
Two different teams have reported using Chandra observations of galaxy clusters to study the properties of gravity on cosmic scales and test Einstein 's theory of General Relativity .
Such studies are crucial for understanding the evolution of the universe , both in the past and the future , and for probing the nature of dark energy , one of the biggest mysteries in science .
This composite image of the galaxy cluster Abell 3376 shows X - ray data from the Chandra X-ray Observatory and the ROSAT telescope in gold , an optical image from the Digitized Sky Survey in red , green and blue , and a radio image from the VLA in blue .
The " bullet - like " appearance of the X - ray data is caused by a merger , as material flows into the galaxy cluster from the right side .
The giant radio arcs on the left side of the image may be caused by shock waves generated by this merger .
The growth of galaxy clusters like Abell 3376 is influenced by the expansion rate of the universe - controlled by the competing effects of dark matter and dark energy - and by the properties of gravity over large scales .
By contrast , observations of supernovas or the large - scale distribution of galaxies , which measure cosmic distances , depend only on the expansion rate of the universe and are not sensitive to the properties of gravity .
In the first of the new studies of gravity , an alternative theory to General Relativity called " f( R ) gravity " was tested .
In this theory , the acceleration of the expansion of the universe does not come from an exotic form of energy but from a modification of the gravitational force .
Mass estimates of galaxy clusters in the local universe were compared with model predictions for f( R ) gravity .
Data from geometrical studies , such as supernova work , were also used .
Using this comparison between theory and observation , no evidence was found that gravity is different from General Relativity on scales larger than 130 million light years .
This limit corresponds to a hundred - fold improvement on the bounds of the modified gravitational force 's range that can be set without using the cluster data .
In the second study , a comparison was made between X - ray observations of how rapidly galaxy clusters have grown over cosmic time to the predictions of General Relativity .
Once again , data from geometrical studies such as distances to supernovas and galaxy clusters were incorporated .
Nearly complete agreement was seen between observation and theory , arguing against any alternative gravity models with a different rate of growth .
In particular " DGP gravity " ( named after its inventors Gia Dvali , Gregory Gabadadze , and Massimo Porrati ) predicts a slower rate of cluster growth than General Relativity , because gravity is weakened on large scales as it leaks into an extra dimension .
Like f( R ) gravity , the DGP model is designed to avoid the need for an exotic form of energy causing cosmic acceleration .
Chandra observations of galaxy clusters have previously been used to show that dark energy has stifled the growth of these massive structures over the last 5 billion years and to provide independent evidence for the existence of dark energy by offering a different way to measure cosmic distances .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
For the first time , human embryonic stem cells have been cultured under chemically controlled conditions without the use of animal substances , which is essential for future clinical uses .
The method has been developed by researchers at Karolinska Institutet and is presented in the journal Nature Biotechnology .
Embryonic stem cells can be turned into any other type of cell in the body and have potential uses in treatments where sick cells need to be replaced .
One problem , however , is that it is difficult to culture and develop human embryonic stem cells without simultaneously contaminating them .
They are currently cultured with the help of proteins from animals , which rules out subsequent use in the treatment of humans .
Alternatively the stem cells can be cultured on other human cells , known as feeder cells , but these release thousands of uncontrolled proteins and therefore lead to unreliable research results .
A research team at Karolinska Institutet ( Sweden ) has now managed to produce human stem cells entirely without the use of other cells or substances from animals .
Instead they are cultured on a matrix of a single human protein : laminin - 511 .
" Now , for the first time , we can produce large quantities of human embryonic stem cells in an environment that is completely chemically defined , " says professor Karl Tryggvason , who led the study .
" This opens up new opportunities for developing different types of cell which can then be tested for the treatment of disease . "
Together with researchers at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute , the researchers have also shown that in the same way they can culture what are known as reprogrammed stem cells , which have been converted back from tissue cells to stem cells .
Laminin - 511 is part of our connective tissue and acts in the body as a matrix to which cells can attach .
In the newly formed embryo , the protein is also needed to keep stem cells as stem cells .
Once the embryo begins to develop different types of tissue , other types of laminin are needed .
Until now , different types of laminin have not been available to researchers , because they are almost impossible to extract from tissues and difficult to produce .
Over the last couple of decades , Karl Tryggvason 's research group has cloned the genes for most human laminins , studied their biological role , described two genetic laminin diseases and , in recent years , even managed to produce several types of laminin using gene technology .
In this latest experiment , the researchers produced the laminin - 511 using recombinant techniques .
Explore further Stem cells stand up for themselves
More information : Long - term self - renewal of human pluripotent stem cells on human recombinant laminin - 511 , Nature Biotechnology , online 30 May 2010 , Long - term self - renewal of human pluripotent stem cells on human recombinant laminin - 511 , , online 30 May 2010 , doi:10.1038/nbt.1620
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Orly Taitz , the queen bee of the birther movement , sounds distraught .
“ I ’m going through hell , ” she says .
The California dentist - lawyer had called to tell me about what she says is a campaign to scare her family so that she ’ll abandon her quest to become California ’s next Secretary of State .
She says she ’s endured death threats and an attempt to tamper with her car .
But this time , she says , her opponents have gone too far .
The final straw ?
An elaborate oil painting of a nude Taitz , legs splayed , giving birth to… a pancake .
First , a little back - story .
For two years , Taitz has been demanding that California ’s secretary of state request more evidence that President Obama is truly an American - born citizen .
In March , she got herself on the ballot to run for the job in the Republican primary .
But since declaring her candidacy , Taitz says that Obama supporters have been targeting her children — she has two in high school and one in college — via their Facebook pages with disturbing messages and images of their mother .
Exihibit A , says Taitz , is a series of paintings of her by Dan Lacey , the so - called “ pancake painter , ” who achieved minor celebrity during the 2008 presidential race for his numerous depictions of a naked , muscular Obama perched atop a unicorn .
He ’s also painted Sarah Palin , John McCain and Mother Theresa , among other famous figures , with a pile of pancakes atop their heads .
But Taitz does n’t feel flattered to be in such company .
She maintains that the painting titled Orly Taitz , Pancake Birther actually portrays her holding a placenta rather than a pancake .
“ This is really despicable , ” she says , theorizing that one of her many political enemies put Lacey up to the work .
But she says she ’s more concerned about the effect the paintings are having on her children .
For his part , Lacey quips , “ I thought all of these were rather sweet paintings of her giving birth so I do n’t know why her family would be upset .
Perhaps her children now suspect that they are actually pancakes . ”
He confirms that some of the original Taitz paintings were commissioned ( though he wo n’t say by who ) .
But most of them , he says , were his own inspiration .
Lacey listed the paintings on eBay , where one sold for about $ 200 .
“ Orly remains a popular auction subject , ” he explains , “ though not quite as popular as Michael Jackson . ”
The famously litigious dentist has not sued Lacey , saying she fears that doing so would only bring him more publicity .
But she has used the paintings in a legal filing against someone else : her opponent in the GOP primary for secretary of state , Damon Dunn .
In March , Taitz sent a criminal complaint to the Orange County registrar of voters accusing Dunn of voter fraud and demanding an investigation into alleged intimidation aimed at her and her children .
Taitz observes in the complaint that Dunn , a former NFL player , had never voted until nine months before deciding to run for the state ’s top elections position .
She also accuses him of having been registered a Democrat in Florida until just a few months before he declared his candidacy in the Republican primary — a fact his campaign has conceded .
Taitz believes
Dunn ’s campaign is merely one cog in a larger conspiracy to keep her out of office .
Her letter to the registrar includes a reference to the Lacey paintings and emails sent to her kids :
These e-mails were clearly sent with the intent to cause severe emotional distress to my children and to me and with an attempt to harass my whole family , and to intimidate me into dropping out of the race for the Attorney General [ sic ] .
While the e-mail was signed as coming from Damon Dunn , I actually do n’t believe that Mr. Dunn personally sent these e-mails .
I believe these e-mails were sent by his supporters or by supporters of Mr. Obama , as I currently have an active legal action in the Washington DC Taitz v Obama 10 - cv-151-RCV .
One of the Facebook messages allegedly sent to Taitz ’s children came from someone pretending to be Dunn .
It said :
Will you be visiting your mum in jail after she ’s sent there for approving of , publishing and encouraging her supporters to issue death threats against the family members ( little children ) of federal court judges in order to intimidate and coerce them into ruling in her favor ?
Another , which went to her husband , read :
Is there some reason her family ( ie you ) have n’t put her into some form of treatment centre for her full blown paranoid delusional state at this point ?
In her complaint against Dunn , Taitz also mentions voicemail messages that have been left on her cell phone and offers to submit them to law enforcement for verification .
She says one caller told her that , “ the best thing you can do for America , is slid [ sic ] your wrists , you fucking bitch . ”
This is n’t the first time Taitz has complained of harassment .
In December , in one of her many lawsuits challenging Obama ’s legitimacy , she insisted that someone had tampered with her car ( she included an explanatory drawing ) .
But for all the vilification that Taitz describes , she ’s keeping her eyes on the prize .
If she prevails in her bid for office , she ’ll become the gatekeeper for the entire California elections system , meaning that Obama will have to go through her to get his name on the presidential ballot in 2012 .
And Taitz is emphatic about her intentions if she wins .
She writes , “ If I become Secretary of State , I will demand proper original vital records from Obama . ”
Pancakes or no pancakes .
Ten realizations about " mainstream medicine "
( Natural News )
Did you ever wonder why such an alarmingly high percentage of Americans are obese , diabetic , depressed and suffering from cancer , heart disease , kidney disorders and skin problems ?
Now consider the fact that .
Americans pay the highest prices , by far , for medications , medical imaging scans , blood work , surgeries , chemotherapy and hospital stays .
And yet what does America have to show for it ?
The most universally diseased population in the world -- and a nation on the verge of bankruptcy caused in part by mainstream medicine .
But this is n't a slam on America itself :
It 's an indictment of the mainstream medical system that has been running a monopoly medical racket in America for roughly the last hundred years .
Under the system of monopolistic medical practices enforced by the FDA , AMA , FTC and state medical boards , " mainstream medicine " has taken a nation that was once relatively healthy and turned it into a disease dystopia where patients are actually taught that nutrition does n't work and that they must submit to patented chemicals in order to be " normal " or healthy .
Mainstream medicine has reached such a level of insanity that its corporations now claim intellectual ownership over nearly 20 percent of the human genome .
This has all been done to create a corporate monopoly over human genes in the same way that mainstream medicine has already created an FDA - enforced monopoly over isolated chemicals -- many of which were ripped off from nature .
At the same time that mainstream medicine has created for itself an oppressively - enforced monopoly over medical treatments , it has brought America to the brink of bankruptcy while delivering only pain , suffering and pharmaceutical addiction to the masses .
Mainstream medicine says poison is medicine ( chemotherapy ) while teaching people that nutrition is useless .
This is the system of medicine that dismisses the value of sunlight , colon cleansing , acupuncture and juice cleansing , but it firmly believes in toxic vaccines , chemotherapy , cancer - causing mammograms and dispensing a lifetime of poisonous medications to little babies who are now being diagnosed with depression before they 're even old enough to speak !
And yet -- stunningly -- the promoters and pushers of mainstream medicine claim it is a huge success !
Remarkably , they even claim it is the only system of medicine in the entire world that works .
Yep , out of all the hundreds of other systems of medicine practiced around the world -- most of which are based on medicinal herbs and natural remedies , by the way -- the arrogant , ignorant promoters of mainstream medicine have no shame standing in a room of chemo patients ( most of whom are dying from the chemotherapy ) and proclaiming , " This is the ONLY system of medicine in the entire world that has any merit whatsoever !
" And , yes , they actually believe that .
Mainstream medicine may not be good at promoting health , but it is very , very good at brainwashing otherwise intelligent people into believing that the Emperor is , indeed , wearing glorious flowing robes even as he walks down the street butt naked .
When it comes to whether mainstream medicine really works , here are ten important " reality check " realizations to keep in mind : #1 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , then , would they ?
#2 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , then doctors , drugs companies and the FDA would n't be afraid of competition from nutritional supplements and natural remedies , and they would n't keep trying to censor or outlaw those natural remedies .
#3 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , drug companies would gladly test their drugs side - by - side with nutritional remedies to see what works best .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/028473_Zetia_Vita... # 4 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , health insurance costs would be extremely low .
The only reason health insurance costs so much is , and patients stay sick , which costs more money to keep treating !
#5) If mainstream medicine really worked , then all the other countries in the world would be looking at the U.S. health care system and saying , " Wow , we want THAT ! " #6 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , drug companies would be out of business because virtually everybody would be healthy and therefore not need drugs on an ongoing basis .
#7 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , doctors would largely put themselves out of business by teaching patients how to take care of their own health .
#8 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , drug companies like Johnson & Johnson would n't have to pay kickbacks ( bribes ) to nursing homes to entice them to push more of their drugs onto helpless senior citizens .
#9 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , the treatment of teenagers with chemotherapy would n't have to be enforced by court order with the threat of arrest and imprisonment of the parents ( as happens in the U.S. today ) .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/Abraham_Cherrix.h... # 10 ) If mainstream medicine really worked , drug companies would n't need to advertise on television to persuade people to take drugs they do n't need .
Now , to hear mainstream medicine pushers say it , the only reason Americans are so sick and diseased right now is because -- get this -- Yes ... if they could only convince more parents to drug more babies and toddlers ; or if they could get more teens on four , five or six drugs at once ; or if they could convince nursing homes to pop a dozen different meds into the mouths of senior citizens America , you see , .
That 's the line of mainstream medicine :
More meds = less disease .
And now , they 're trying to convince everyone that evennow need meds ( statin drugs ) even if they show no symptoms of disease .
So now -- get this -- We 're ALL supposed to be medicated , whether we 're healthy or not .
Mainstream medicine , you see , is n't satisfied to just treat sick people with its medications , radiation machines and surgical procedures :
It wants to put all the healthy people on pills , too .
And what will be the result of all this ?
Imagine in your own mind , for a moment :
What will be the result if , say , Americans start taking twice as much medication as they do right now .
Will Americans be healthier ?
Of course not .
They will be more diseased .
More medicated and chemically contaminated .
The fish downstream will be even more polluted with pharmaceutical runoff and the bio sludge human waste " compost " products now being put on farms will be even more heavily saturated with medication chemicals .
Will that create health for America ?
Of course not .
And pushing mainstream medicine onto more people will only cause more sickness , more suffering and more bankruptcies across American households .
It will , however , accomplish one very important thing : like Pfizer , Merck , Johnson & Johnson and AstraZeneca .
And that , my friends , is the entire point of mainstream medicine :
Tothe profits for Big Pharma , the legitimate health problems of the American people , and the criminal soaking of the rich , the poor and the recently - insured in order to That 's mainstream medicine for you .
I 'm sure glad I do n't use it .
Fireflies in a jar are a wonderful childhood memory for many of us .
Not surprisingly , it 's one of the things that Tom Padula missed when he moved from the Midwest to Silicon Valley nearly two decades ago .
So in the spirit of Silicon Valley , Padula decided to create electronic fireflies : lightweight , inexpensive , solar - powered bugs .
At night , the fireflies flash a light on and off for about two hours , then switch off to recharge in the next day ’s sunlight .
" I built about 20 and hung them in the backyard , on branches and bushes , " says Padula .
" Bliss . "
About the size of a quarter , the electronic fireflies have a rechargeable battery pack .
The batteries are charged each day by six tiny solar cells .
At dusk , they come alive with a fading on - and - off pattern .
" The slightest breeze moves them around , and the motion combined with the light is mesmerizing , " says Padula , who will be selling his digital lightning bugs for $ 10 apiece at the fifth annual Maker Faire Bay Area , which will be held this coming Saturday and Sunday , May 22 and 23 , in San Mateo , California .
The annual event , put on by O'Reilly Media , is a celebration of DIY culture , arts and crafts , and will likely draw more than 70,000 attendees , organizers say .
Padula 's fireflies weigh 0.2 ounces ( 7 grams ) and are attached to an 18 - inch monofilament line .
Six solar panels charge NiMH batteries , and a microcontroller drives the LED .
The units are dipped in epoxy for weather resistance .
" All the real work happens in the code , from determining ambient light level , to controlling the LED intensity and keeping track of how long the pattern has been active so as to turn off after two hours , like real fireflies do , " says Padula .
Originally , Padula assembled each device by hand but now contracts it to a shop in Nevada .
Padula says he initially created the electronic fireflies for his enjoyment but after encouragement from friends and family , he hopes to make a business out of it .
See below for a closer look at the firefly .
Photos : Leslie Dunscomb
The Chairman of the Republican National Committee is n't comfortable with Rand Paul 's views but he wo n't condemn them either .
In an interview with NPR , Paul said that the 1964 Civil Rights
Act is flawed and business should n't be forced legally to treat everyone fairly and equally .
" It 's a philosophical position held by a lot of libertarians , " explained Steele Sunday .
" They have a very , very strong view about the limitations of government intrusion into the private sector .
That is a philosophical perspective . "
" Do you condemn that point of view ? " asked ABC's Jake Tapper .
" I can't condemn a person 's view .
That 's like , you know , you believe something and I 'm going to say , well , you know , I 'm going to condemn your view of it .
It 's the people of Kentucky will judge whether or not that 's a view that they would like to send , " said Steele .
" Are you comfortable with that ? " pressed Tapper .
" I am not comfortable with a lot of things , but it does n't matter what I 'm comfortable with and not comfortable with .
I do n't vote in that election .
The people of Kentucky will .
As a national chairman , I 'm here to say that our party will move forward in fighting for the civil rights and liberties of the American people , especially minorities in this country , and we 're going to do everything in our power to make sure that everyone who 's going to come to the United States Congress or go to state capitals with a Republican label are in that fight with us , " Steele answered .
" It sounds like you 're not comfortable with it , " said Tapper .
" I just said I was n't comfortable , " replied Steele .
Play online racing games with Bgames Experience the excitement of reckless motor racing and drag races without the expensive wreckage and real - world insurance worries in our free online racing games !
Car racing games are extremely popular among boys , so we make sure to regularly update and expand this section with awesome new games .
Aside from our thrilling car racing games and grand prix championship rallies , we also have amazing games featuring all kinds of other vehicles , including speed boats and jet skis in our collection of boat games , as well as lots of motorcycle , BMX , quad , and dirt bike games .
And our best drag racing games also have their very own subsection at Bgames .
Have a look around for the modes of transport and the sports you love and find your newest favorites !
Free car racing games of all stripes
Every guy will have their own preferences for the type of car racing games they like best , and that 's why we 've put together a very varied collection .
We 've got some amazing car stunt games with 3D graphics and untimed play , as well as tough 3D off - road championships on difficult terrain .
In some games you 'll really be able to floor the gas pedal as you soar down a wide expanse of motorway in bright and dry weather conditions , while in others you 'll really have to pull out all the stops to survive dangerous illegal drag races in dark and rainy urban settings .
Whether you love a cartoony car rally with wacky weapons , or brutal vehicle chases in which you have to mow down hordes of zombies as you barrel down ruined roads , Bgames has everything you need !
Racing toward the finish line , without downloads
Test your talent and your willpower as you weave your racing car past the traffic and get ahead of your opponents .
The objective of the game might be to cross the finish first , or just to get to the end of the road safely and with your vehicle in one piece .
Whatever results you 're aiming for , do n't settle for second place .
Race against other players or challenge yourself with a punishing obstacle race against the clock .
Upgrade your cars with your prize money to equip it with better wheels , better engines , and more fuel capacity for the next race and nitro boost your way toward those chequered flags !
American commanders , worried about increased violence in the wake of Iraq ’s inconclusive elections , are now reconsidering the pace of a major troop pullout this summer , U.S. officials said Tuesday .
The withdrawal of the first major wave of troops is expected to be delayed by about a month , the officials said .
Waiting much longer could endanger President Barack Obama ’s goal of reducing the force level from 92,000 to 50,000 troops by Aug. 31 .
ADVERTISEMENT
More than two months after parliamentary elections , the Iraqis have still not formed a new government , and militants aiming to exploit the void have carried out attacks like Monday ’s bombings and shootings that killed at least 119 people Ã¢â‚¬â€ the country ’s bloodiest day of 2010 .
The threat has prompted military officials to look at keeping as many troops on the ground , for as long as possible , without missing the Aug. 31 deadline .
A security agreement between the two nations requires American troops to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 .
In Baghdad and Washington , U.S. officials say they remain committed to the deadline , which Obama has said he would extend only if Iraq ’s security deteriorates .
Getting out of Iraq quickly and responsibly was among Obama ’s top campaign promises in 2008 .
Extending the deadline could be politically risky back home Ã¢â‚¬â€  but so could anarchy and a bloodbath following a hasty retreat .
Two senior administration officials said the White House is closely watching to see if the Aug. 31 date needs to be pushed back Ã¢â‚¬â€ if only to ensure enough security forces are in place to prevent or respond to militant attacks .
Both spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the administration ’s internal discussions .
Already , the violence , fueled by Iraq ’s political instability , will likely postpone the start of what the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Army Gen. Ray Odierno , has called the withdrawal “ waterfall ” Ã¢â‚¬â€ sending home large numbers of troops in a very swift period .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a January interview with the AP , Odierno said he hoped to start withdrawing as many as a monthly average of 12,500 troops , starting in May , to meet the August deadline .
He has long said he would not start the withdrawal until two months after Iraq ’s March 7 elections to ensure stability .
But three U.S. officials in Baghdad and a senior Pentagon official said that the “ waterfall ” is now expected to begin in June at the earliest .
All cited ongoing concerns about whether the political impasse would lead to violence , and spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the process more candidly .
“ From a military perspective , the best way for us to maintain security is to hold as many forces on the ground until we need to redeploy them , ” said one of the senior officials in Baghdad .
The official said it would be wise for Odierno to wait as long as he can , given the unsettled political conditions in Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
At the Pentagon , “ there ’s been a renewed focus on Iraq lately , ” said the senior military official there .
He said all options were being considered , including later delays , adding that “ we need to get out in an appropriate way … not completely tied to a timeline . ”
Maj . Gen. Stephen Lanza , the top U.S. military spokesman in Iraq , said Tuesday that troops “ are on track ” to draw down by the president ’s Aug. 31 deadline , but he would not discuss whether the pace was being slowed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although “ there is still work to be done here , ” Lanza noted that overall violence across Iraq is lower than it has been in years .
“ There are still terrorists who wish to disrupt Iraq ’s forward progress and Monday ’s attacks are an example of that , ” Lanza said .
Shortly before the election , there were 96,000 U.S. troops in the country .
About 4,000 troops were sent home in April Ã¢â‚¬â€ including military dentists , postal workers , truck drivers and other support personnel .
As of last week , there were about 92,000 U.S. troops in Iraq , meaning an average of 10,500 a month would have to be pulled out .
ADVERTISEMENT
Odierno can wait only so long to start the “ waterfall . ”
Keeping tens of thousands of soldiers in Iraq until the last minute will create a logistical nightmare with a limited number of planes , trucks and ships available to get troops and equipment out .
In the meantime , the U.S. Embassy is looking for ways to push Iraqis to resolve the deadlock .
Iraq ’s political leaders are only just now taking preliminary steps toward creating a new government , which has been stalled by ballot challenges and bickering over whether to disqualify winning candidates accused of having links to the outlawed Baathist Party .
The little progress made so far Ã¢â‚¬â€ the creation last week of a Shiite - dominated political alliance that could control Iraq ’s government and keep Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki in power Ã¢â‚¬â€ appears so fragile that the U.S. Embassy ’s No. 2 official , Cameron Munter , described it as “ a prenup , not a marriage . ”
If it holds , the partnership between al - Maliki ’s State of Law coalition and the religious Shiite Iraqi National Alliance threatens to anger Sunnis who heavily backed al - Maliki ’s main rival , Iraqiya .
If Sunnis continue to feel sidelined , that in turn could fuel sectarian tensions and raise fears of new violence .
ADVERTISEMENT
What to do about the morass Ã¢â‚¬â€ and potential effects on the rest of the Mideast Ã¢â‚¬â€ also has been a heated topic between Washington and the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad .
In a tense April 28 videoteleconference between Washington and American diplomats in Baghdad , Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg forcefully told the embassy to be more aggressive with Iraqi leaders , according to two senior U.S. officials who were on the conversation .
Both officials spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the call .
Late last month , Obama told advisers to “ remain focused and not assume it ’ll all work out , ” according to another senior administration official .
“ Any drawdown tied to Iraq ’s politics in a precise way would seem to be in need of revision now , ” said Michael O’Hanlon , an Iraq expert at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
“ We had sort of assumed more progress by this point when first laying out the plan . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Two senior U.S. officials in Baghdad said strong - arm tactics to push a compromise could include :
_ Withholding financial aid to Iraq until the new government is seated .
_Being more public with their criticism to galvanize public pressure on Iraqi leaders .
_ Threatening , privately at first , to pick a side in the power play between al - Maliki and his chief rival , former premier Ayad Allawi .
Sunni voters helped supply Allawi and his secular Iraqiya political coalition with a two - seat lead over al - Maliki ’s State of Law alliance in the parliamentary election .
So far , the U.S. has sought to remain impartial as the two camps wrangle for support from other political groups for the right to lead Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an interview , U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Christopher Hill said the concern , in part , is because “ no one expected the elections to be this close . ”
However , he said the last two months have not seen the violence many feared would require the U.S. troops to keep the peace .
“ In fact , we ’re down to a re-count based on the concerns of a few polling places in Baghdad , ” Hill said .
“ This is really not bad . ”
Mochila insert follows …
Most young adults today do n't pray , do n't worship and do n't read the Bible , a major survey by a Christian research firm shows .
If the trends continue , " the Millennial generation will see churches closing as quickly as GM dealerships , " says Thom Rainer , president of LifeWay Christian Resources .
In the group 's survey of 1,200 18 - to 29 - year - olds , 72 % say they 're " really more spiritual than religious . "
Among the 65 % who call themselves Christian , " many are either mushy Christians or Christians in name only , " Rainer says .
" Most are just indifferent .
The more precisely you try to measure their Christianity , the fewer you find committed to the faith . "
Key findings in the phone survey , conducted in August and released today :
• 65 % rarely or never pray with others , and 38 % almost never pray by themselves either .
• 65 % rarely or never attend worship services .
• 67 % do n't read the Bible or sacred texts .
Many are unsure Jesus is the only path to heaven :
Half say yes , half no .
" We have dumbed down what it means to be part of the church so much that it means almost nothing , even to people who already say they are part of the church , " Rainer says .
The findings , which document a steady drift away from church life , dovetail with a LifeWay survey of teenagers in 2007 who drop out of church and a study in February by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life , which compared the beliefs of Millennials with those of earlier generations of young people .
The new survey has a margin of error of +/-2.8 percentage points .
Even among those in the survey who " believe they will go to heaven because they have accepted Jesus Christ as savior " :
• 68 % did not mention faith , religion or spirituality when asked what was " really important in life . "
• 50 % do not attend church at least weekly .
• 36 % rarely or never read the Bible .
Neither are these young Christians evangelical in the original meaning of the term — eager to share the Gospel .
Just 40 % say this is their responsibility .
Even so , Rainer is encouraged by the roughly 15 % who , he says , appear to be " deeply committed " Christians in study , prayer , worship and action .
Collin Hansen , 29 , author of Young , Restless , Reformed , about a thriving minority of traditionalist Christians , agrees .
" I 'm not going to say these numbers are n't true and are n't grim , but they also drive people like me to build new , passionately Christian dynamic churches , " says Hansen , who is studying for the ministry .
He sees many in his generation veering to " moralistic therapeutic deism — ' God wants you to be happy and do good things . ' ... I would not call that Christianity , however . "
The 2007 LifeWay study found seven in 10 Protestants ages 18 to 30 , both evangelical and mainline , who went to church regularly in high school said they quit attending by age 23 .
And 34 % of those had not returned , even sporadically , by age 30 .
The Pew survey found young people today were significantly more likely than those in earlier generations to say they did n't identify with any religious group .
Neither are Millennials any more likely than earlier generations to turn toward a faith affiliation as they grow older .
Barack Obama :
No more cosying up to oil industry
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US President Barack Obama has vowed to end the " cosy relationship " between oil companies and US regulators in the light of the Gulf of Mexico disaster .
Promising " relentless " efforts to stop the deep sea leak , he rebuked oil industry executives for seeking to pass on blame for the disaster .
He condemned " the ridiculous spectacle " of them " falling over each other to point the finger of blame " .
Weather forecasts suggest winds may drive the spill ashore at the weekend .
Since no - one can get down there in person , we know there is a level of uncertainty [ about the size of the leak ]
US President Barack Obama Eleven people died when an explosion destroyed the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on 20 April .
Owned and operated by Transocean , the rig had been working on behalf of BP at a well site 48 miles ( 77 km ) off Louisiana .
Thousands of barrels of oil have been gushing daily into the sea from the well 's ruptured riser pipe , nearly a mile below the surface .
BP is using underwater robots in its latest attempt to stop the leak , which involves jamming a tube into the pipe to siphon oil to a tanker on the surface .
' Trust but verify '
Mr Obama was speaking after meeting his cabinet and other administration officials in the White House .
MARDELL'S AMERICA President Barack Obama is doing his best to make sure that the wave of blame that is bound to follow does not lap against the doors of the White House
Mark Mardell
BBC North America editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full " For too long , for a decade or more , there has been a cosy relationship between the oil companies and the federal agency [ the Minerals Management Service , MMS ] that permits them to drill , " he said in the Rose Garden .
" It seems as if permits were too often issued based on little more than assurances of safety from the oil companies .
That cannot and will not happen anymore .
To borrow an old phrase , we will trust but we will verify . "
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , Mr Obama added , was working on a " top - to - bottom reform " of the MMS .
It was announced earlier that the MMS department which permits oil and gas drilling and collects royalties would be separated from the MMS department in charge of inspecting the safety of oil rigs and platforms and enforcing the law .
Booms are being used to hold back the slick off Louisiana Mr Obama said he shared the anger felt by Gulf Coast residents over the spill and the " potential devastation " they faced .
" I know BP has committed to pay for the response effort and we will hold them to their obligation , " he added .
Referring to Congressional hearings on the disaster this week , he said : " I did not appreciate what I considered to be a ridiculous spectacle ... executives of BP and Transocean and Halliburton [ the firm responsible for cementing the well ] falling over each other to point the finger of blame at somebody else .
" The American people cannot have been impressed with that display and I certainly was n't . "
Declaring the system had " failed and ... failed badly " , he said all the parties involved should be willing to accept some responsibility , including the federal government .
This sense of anger at the White House will not be lessened by an interview in which BP chief executive Tony Hayward was quoted by the UK's Guardian newspaper as saying that the Gulf of Mexico was " a very big ocean " and the spill " relatively tiny " in comparison , BBC North America editor Mark Mardell says .
New estimates
The spill is poised to become the worst environmental disaster in US history .
Some scientists have begun to cast doubt on official estimates of the rate of oil flow , saying the widely repeated figure of 5,000 barrels of oil per day dramatically understates the amount .
Florida State University oceanographer Ian MacDonald has estimated the rate is four or five times the government figure , the New York Times reports .
Other researchers who have analysed underwater video of the leak released by BP told US news media outlets the leak was spewing about 70,000 barrels per day , with a margin of error of plus - or - minus 20 % .
Referring to the issue on Friday , President Obama said there was a " level of uncertainty " over the leak 's extent " since no one can get down there in person " .
Underwater efforts to cap oil leak Initially , BP tried to lower a 125 - tonne , 18 - metre ( 59 feet ) high container dome over the main leak on the sea floor .
However , this failed when gas leaking from the pipe mixed with water to form hydrates , ice - like crystals , that blocked up the steel canopy .
Instead , engineers have lowered a smaller device onto the site .
Dubbed the Top hat , it will sit over the tear in the pipe and partially stop the leak .
To prevent the build up of hydrates , methanol is pumped into the top hat to disperse the water and gas .
The top hat is 1.5 m ( 5 feet ) high and 1.2 m in diameter .
Two special side lines are used to pump methanol into the top hat to displace water and gas leaking from the broken oil pipe .
This should prevent the build - up of hydrates .
Once in place , oil can be pumped up to the surface .
BP plan to lower the original subsea containment dome over the top hat to provide a better seal over the leaking site and pump oil up to the surface .
This time , it will be attached to a pipe that can pump warm water into the dome to prevent the build - up of hydrates .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May 2010 --
With the help of Socialist Alliance members in the growing Sudanese community in Australia , Green Left Weekly -- Australia 's leading socialist newspaper -- publishes a regular Arabic language supplement .
The Flame covers news from the Arabic - speaking world as well as news and issues from within Australia .
Editor - in - chief is Soubhi Iskander is a comrade who has endured years of imprisonment and torture at the hands of the repressive government in Sudan .
“ There are Arabic newspapers in Australia , but still all reflect the views of their editors and there is a great need to establish a progressive Arabic - language press which can frankly discuss the squalid condition of the Arab world due to submission and subservience to neo-colonialism ” , Iskander explains .
“ At the same time , the Arabic - speaking communities in Australia need to read articles relating to the Australian government policy internally — articles which will unmask the pitfalls of these policies , and will expose the violation and the lies of the capitalist parties .
The Flame , we hope , will be a powerful addition to Green Left Weekly . ”
Iskander and his team are working to involve progressive activists from other Arabic - speaking communities in the Flame project .
They are promoting GLW subscriptions to interested members of the Arabic - speaking communities .
GLW is proud to be taking this major step to broaden the audience for progressive ideas and news of the movements for radical political , economic and environmental change .
We know we will not achieve radical change without bringing together all sections of the oppressed and exploited in a common struggle .
Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal is proud to bring the Flame to readers outside Australia .
Below is the May 2010 edition of the Flame .
Click HERE to download the latest Flame , or view on screen below .
You can read previous issues of the Flame at http://links.org.au/taxonomy/term/319.
We 're sorry to hear that you do not wish to receive email marketing from Telstra .
To opt - out , complete the form below and click " Submit " .
If you receive email marketing from Telstra at more than one email address , you may need to opt out each address individually .
JERUSALEM — Israel faced intense international condemnation and growing domestic questions on Monday after a raid by naval commandos that killed nine people , many of them Turks , on an aid flotilla bound for Gaza .
Turkey , Israel ’s most important friend in the Muslim world , recalled its ambassador and canceled planned military exercises with Israel as the countries ’ already tense relations soured even further .
The United Nations Security Council met in emergency session over the attack , which occurred in international waters north of Gaza , and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel was flying home after canceling a Tuesday meeting with President Obama .
With street protests erupting around the world , Mr. Netanyahu defended the Israeli military ’s actions , saying the commandos , enforcing what Israel says is a legal blockade , were set upon by passengers on the Turkish ship they boarded and fired only in self - defense .
The military released a video of the early moments of the raid to support that claim .
Israel said the violence was instigated by pro-Palestinian activists who presented themselves as humanitarians but had come ready for a fight .
Organizers of the flotilla accused the Israeli forces of opening fire as soon as they landed on the deck , and released videos to support their case .
Israel released video taken from one of its vessels to supports its own account of events .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Web search king Google Inc on Thursday showed off a risky attempt to marry the Web to television and reach the $ 70 billion TV advertising market , chasing a dream that has eluded even archrival Apple Inc .
Developers at a conference applauded “ Google TV , ” and a slew of tech industry titans , including microchip maker Intel Corp and TV maker Sony Corp , sent their chief executives to announce that they had joined the project and that TV sets would be ready in time for Christmas buying .
The key to Google TV is an on - screen search box , just like on Google ’s Web site .
The TV search box accesses Google ’s search engine to look through live programs , DVR recordings and the Web , delivering a relatively compact list of results that can be accessed with a push of the button .
Internet television has been a minefield for the world ’s most creative and deep - pocketed companies , and in a sign of the challenge , embarrassed Google engineers struggled initially to get their TV running , asking the audience to turn off their cellphones , which were interfering with TV remote controls .
Web surfers have never left their desktops for the living room , and television watchers have kept their remotes pointed toward familiar territory despite attempts by Microsoft Corp and by Apple , which was the focus of frequent verbal jabs and jokes .
Sony will build devices , marketed as Sony Internet TVs , to launch in the United States in the fall -- in time for the 2010 holiday season -- with Intel providing its small Atom processors to run machines .
Sony did not release pricing and said it had not decided on plans for the TVs in other markets .
Logitech International also will create a Google TV appliance that can work with current high - definition TVs .
Television represents an attractive market in which to expand Google ’s Internet advertising business , which generated the bulk of its $ 23.7 billion in 2009 revenue .
Walkman creator
Sony has seen its dominance in electronics eroded and has been looking for new technology , including 3D , to goose TV sales .
“ Video should be consumed on the biggest , best and brightest screen in the house .
And that ’s a TV .
It ’s not a PC or a phone or anything else in between , ” said Google project senior product manager Rishi Chandra .
Best Buy Co Inc will sell devices and DISH Network Corp will integrate its satellite television service into Google TV .
Chief executives from those companies -- as well as Google , Sony , Intel , Logitech and Adobe Systems Inc -- all appeared on stage at Google ’s developers ’ conference for the announcement .
Google Inc CEO Eric Schmidt introduces Google TV , blending web technology and television , in collaboration with various partners , at the company 's annual developer conference in San Francisco , California May 20 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The move fits with Sony ’s strategy to focus more on its content business and to forge alliances rather than try to develop and produce everything on its own , said Mizuho Securities analyst Ryosuke Katsura .
“ Sony is trying to be asset - light and increase earnings from content distributed online , ” he said .
“ For device development , it is seeking alliances rather than going it alone like it has been doing up until now , and this deal is a part of that move . ”
Shares in Sony , the world ’s No. 2 LCD TV maker behind Samsung Electronics Co , rose 0.4 percent in afternoon trade in Tokyo , outperforming a 2.7 percent fall in the benchmark Nikkei average .
TOUGH TASK
Google executives said previous efforts had failed because they dumbed down the Web for television , were closed to participation by others , and made people choose between using the Web or television .
“ It ’s much harder to marry a 50 - year - old technology and a brand new technology than those of us in the brand new technology industry thought , ” Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt acknowledged to the audience of developers .
TV presents a potential new audience for the trove of online videos that Google offers through its website YouTube , which demonstrated on Thursday a new service called Lean Back designed to create automated video playlists for Google TV users .
A YouTube spokesman said the content currently available on YouTube would also be available to consumers surfing the web with the browser on Google TV , but that it was still determining what exactly would be on the Lean Back service .
It was not immediately clear whether media companies might object to having the online video content that they have offered for PCs available on Google TV , fearing such a move could harm their traditional TV business .
A spokesman for video website Hulu , owned by Walt Disney Co’s ABC , News Corp ’s Fox and General Electric Co’s NBC , declined comment on Google TV .
Hulu and its owners have already blocked its content from other Web TV devices like a set - top box from privately held Boxee and Sony ’s PlayStation 3 game console .
Chief among the questions hanging over the newfangled televisions is the price .
“ If this thing costs 900 bucks forget it .
This is going to have to be right about where a phone is , 250 bucks , ” said Gartner analyst Ken Dulaney in reference to the set top box that Logitech said will bring Google TV to existing high - definition television sets .
Hudson Square Research analyst Daniel Ernst said consumers could be disappointed if TVs appeared before developers had made many applications for the system .
“ The basic concept that they are doing is great , but it ( parts of it ) looked a little half baked to me .
Someone like Apple is going to do this , and they are going to do it well , ” he said .
Apple in 2007 debuted Apple TV , which plays computer - based video on television sets .
Its popularity has paled in comparison with devices like the iPhone and iPad .
Google ’s increasingly tense relationship with Apple was clear throughout the conference .
Engineers showed off new versions of the Android mobile phone platform , which competes with Apple ’s iPhone .
Android also will run Google TV , turning Android phones into controls that can be used in the same room as the television or remotely across the Web .
Apple has criticized Adobe ’s Flash video product , a popular product which has been left out of Apple ’s iPad tablet but was embraced by Google .
“ It turns out that on the Internet -- people use Flash ! , ” one Google executive said in a typical joke at Apple ’s expense .
Picasso's still lifes are less nature morte than life in extremis .
He painted skulls and more skulls .
His trussed roosters look more like people struggling on a torture table than lunch in the offing .
Asked why he painted so many pictures of food , of pots and cutlery jangling in the drawer , of lamplight and gloom during the German occupation of Paris , Picasso declared : " A casserole can also scream !
Everything can ! "
He was also hungry , as was most of Europe .
But he refused extra fuel and food coupons , refused to collaborate .
The room of still lifes at Tate Liverpool 's new exhibition is a killer arrangement of paintings and a small number of sculptures .
An owl perched on a chair - back stares at us like an atavistic , simian head , in a painting as bare as an empty larder .
A great bronze skull is a cratered cannonball , a damaged weight .
One remembers that Picasso's last self - portrait , a drawing from 1973 , the year of his death , is more skull than living head .
" A dead man in Spain is more alive than a dead man anywhere in the world , " wrote the poet Lorca , who was murdered by Franco 's henchmen , and whose bones are yet to be found and given a proper burial .
The debate about the disinterment of the mass graves of the missing dead from the Spanish civil war is a major issue in Spain today – more than at any time since Franco 's death in 1975 .
Picasso spent almost half his life in exile in France after the civil war , during which time the Republic made him director in absentia of the Prado museum .
He refused to return to Spain while Franco was alive .
And , because he was a member of the French Communist party , he was never allowed to visit America .
But despite Paris 's decline during the 1950s and New York 's ascendance as the centre of the art world , Picasso never much cared that he could n't go there .
Along with many other French intellectuals and artists , Picasso joined the Communist party in 1944 and remained a member for life .
He channelled money into the party and into communist newspapers .
He gave a million francs to striking miners .
He made works , especially drawings , for communist - inspired peace conferences and innumerable other causes .
He was , surprisingly – especially for a Spaniard of his generation – an anti-racist .
Picasso's politics were never in doubt , though this side of him is often pushed aside for a view of the artist as a protean genius and priapic monster .
He was a man of his time , shaped by his upbringing , ambition and talent ( it possessed him as much as he possessed it ) , as well as by the events he lived through .
Guernica , commemorating the destruction of the ancient capital of the Basque homeland in 1937 by German and Italian bombers , and painted the same year , remains Picasso's best - known declaration of revulsion to fascism ; but themes of war and suffering were a constant in his work .
Guernica 's blacks , whites and greys , as stark as newsreel footage and front - page news , were continued in works such as the less - than - successful 1951 Massacre in Korea , or the great Charnel House , now in the Museum of Modern Art in New York .
The current exhibition opens with Charnel House , which would alone be worth a visit to Liverpool ; but Picasso's small still lifes of the 1940s , 50s and 60s carry a similar symbolic weight , even if their meaning is more furtively delivered .
They are filled with disquiet .
" Painting is not made to decorate houses , " the artist wrote in 1943 .
" It is an instrument of offensive and defensive war against the enemy . "
Picasso toiled over Charnel House slowly , between 1944 and 1945 , despite the fact that the painting appears almost cursory and unfinished .
It is a deceptively complex and rich painting , with an amazing tension between the subject and the language used to depict it – the slaughtered family heaped dead under a kitchen table , their bodies intertwined .
The more you stare at it , the more you get entwined , too .
The painting was initially inspired by documentary footage showing the assassination of a family during the civil war ; the ghost of Goya 's Disasters of War hovers in its mangled stillness .
This is nature morte as aftermath .
An arm reaches upward , stiffened in death , the hand bloated and seamed like a baseball mitt , clutching at nothing .
As well as slaughters and still lifes , the exhibition is filled with posters , scarves , copies of telegrams from Fidel Castro and commendations from the Russian politburo .
Curator Lynda Morris has spent years in the archives , gathering material .
There are photographs of Picasso listening intently to speeches at a peace conference in Poland ; Picasso with Soviet officials ; Picasso staring at a photograph of Stalin .
All this is fascinating stuff , and details Picasso's commitment and generosity .
He handed over suitcases of cash .
He protested the death by electric chair of the Rosenbergs , executed for handing over US atomic bomb secrets to the Russians .
And he made his only trip to the UK to attend a peace conference in Sheffield in 1950 ; upon arrival at Victoria station , he was detained by immigration officials for 12 hours .
But it is the art itself that really counts ( though with Picasso , everything counts ) .
He threw nothing away , and even the most minor drawing or note takes on a talismanic significance , as it did even when he was alive .
Asked by the owner of a small bistro in the 1950s whether he would be so kind as to do a little drawing on a napkin as a souvenir , Picasso replied that he only wanted to pay his bill , not buy the restaurant .
And although he was the world 's most famous communist artist , and received the Order of Lenin , he refused to toe the party line and reinvent himself as a socialist realist .
He remained a decadent formalist , as far as Soviet critics were concerned .
A horse with enormous balls
It is impossible , too , to say exactly how political some of Picasso's art was .
Perhaps everything was , at some level – although I do find some of the claims made about his later work as tantalising as they are tendentious .
The idea that Picasso's variations on Velázquez 's Las Meninas might contain veiled references to Franco , and to Franco 's grooming of Prince Juan Carlos in order to reinstate the monarchy , is unconvincing .
( As it tuned out , the Spanish monarch later declared that he wanted to be king of a republic , and helped pull Spain back from a coup d'etat in 1979 . )
Were Picasso's variations on Delacroix 's The Women of Algiers a reference to the Algerian war of independence ?
What they seem to be is a celebration of a cloistered , civilised bath - house , with their tiles and hookahs and disporting female flesh .
The 1960s Rape of the Sabine Women , inspired by Poussin and David , may well have been a comment on American cold - war aggression and interventionism , particularly towards Hispanic America .
A horse with enormous balls and grinning head stamps on a woman ; a human foot kicks at a woman thrown from her bicycle .
Picasso did n't need to modernise these paintings , adding rubber batons , riot shields or clouds of tear gas .
Picasso : Peace and Freedom covers its subject fitfully , and is dependent on what loans were available .
Later in the show , we come to quieter images : Manet 's Déjeuner sur l'Herbe redone cartoonishly , and very late paintings of musketeers , the artist imagining himself morphing into Frans Hals , and a horny old whiskered Rembrandt .
These come as something of an aside .
Asked about his political views in 1968 , the artist remarked that if he wanted to respond to such questions he would change his profession and become a politician .
" But this , of course , is impossible , " he said .
Art exists in the social world , and is political whether we want it to be or not .
Picasso took the bull by the horns .
His art stands up for his own individual creative freedom , but it 's one that did n't give him much peace .
Academic Success and Strategic Learning Links
Weekly Planning Calendar ( pdf ) | Weekly Planning Calendar ( editable )
Download a 24/7 blank schedule that you can use as a weekly and daily planner !
SLC Academic Calendar - Fall 2020
Download a blank calendar that you can use to plan your semester !
CalREN Project : Study Tips
When to Study Find out how you use and misuse your time before making any changes .
Plan two hours of study time for every hour spent in class .
There are exceptions , but this is a good general rule .
Students making the transition from high school or community college are often unaware of the increased workload expected of them .
The benefits of following the rule will be apparent at exam time .
Study difficult ( or boring ) subjects first .
If your chemistry problems put you to sleep , get to them first , while you are fresh .
Most of us tend to do what we like first , yet the courses we find most difficult require the most creative energy .
Save the subjects you enjoy for later .
Avoid scheduling marathon study sessions .
When possible , study in shorter sessions .
Three three - hour sessions are far more productive for most students than one nine - hour session .
When you do study in long sessions , take a planned break every hour .
Work on several subjects and avoid studying similar subjects back to back .
Be aware of your best time of day .
Many students learn best in daylight hours .
Observe yourself and , if this is true of you , schedule study time for your most difficult subjects when the sun is up .
The key point is to determine your best learning time .
If early morning does n't work for you , find out what time is better .
Use waiting time .
Five minutes waiting time for the bus , 20 minutes waiting for the dentist , 10 minutes between classes -- waiting time adds up fast .
Have short study tasks ready to do during these times .
For example , carry 3X5 cards with equations , formulas , or definitions and pull them out anywhere .
Also , use time between classes or breaks during work to review class notes or notes on reading .
A solid review of a lecture can be completed in 15 minutes , and even five minutes can be valuable if you are prepared .
Keep a calendar for the semester .
Keep track of all your assignments , tests , and papers .
Make a weekly to - do list of important tasks and assignments that you need to complete .
Be sure to prioritize the list and to do the most important tasks first .
Where to Study Use a regular study area .
Your body knows where you are .
When you use the same place to study , day after day , your body becomes trained .
When you arrive at that particluar place , it will automatically sense that it 's time to study .
You will focus your concentration more quickly .
Do n't get too comfortable .
Put yourself into a situation where your mind is alert .
Use the library .
Libraries are designed for learning .
Entering a library is a signal to your body to quiet the mind and get to work .
Most students can get more done in a shorter time at the library .
Set up study groups .
A study group does n't take the place of individual study , but it forces you to articulate concepts and makes a review more fun and productive .
Also , it helps keep your review on schedule and helps you to avoid procrastination .
How to Handle the Rest of the World Pay attention to your attention .
Breaks in concentration are often caused by internal interruptions ; your own thoughts jump in to tell you another story about the world .
If this happens too often , perhaps you need to find a different study time or place .
Agree with living mates about study time .
This includes roommates , wives , husbands , parents , and / or kids .
Make the rules clear and be sure to follow them yourself .
Make explicit agreements -- even written contracts .
Hang a " do not disturb " sign on your door .
One student always wears a colorful hat when he wants to study .
When his roommates see the hat , they respect his wish to be left alone .
Avoid noise distractions .
Do n't study in front of the TV .
Turn off the stereo .
Many students insist that they study better with music , and that may be true .
Some students have reported good results with carefully selected and controlled music .
The overwhelming majority of research indicates that silence is the best form of music for study .
Notice how others misuse your time .
Be aware of repeat offenders .
Ask yourself if there are certain friends or relatives who consistently interrupt your study time .
If avoiding them is impractical , send a clear ( but gentle ) message .
Sometimes others do n't realize they are breaking your concentration .
Get off the phone / Un-plug from Social Media and Other Distractions
You do n't have to be a telephone victim .
Try saying , " I ca n't talk right now , I 'm studying " or let the call go to voicemail .
Or avoid the whole problem by studying at the library .
Learn to say no .
This is a valuable time saver for students , and a valuable life skill .
Many people feel it is rude to refuse a request .
Saying " no " can be done effectively and courteously .
Others want you to succeed as a student .
When you tell them that you can't comply with a request because you are busy educating yourself , 99 % will understand .
Things to Ask Yourself When You Get Stuck Ask :
What is one task I can accomplish toward my goal ?
This is a good technique to use on big , imposing jobs .
Pick out one small accomplishment , preferably one you can complete in about five minutes , then do it .
The satisfaction of getting one thing done often spurs you on to get one more thing done .
Meanwhile the job gets smaller .
Ask : Am I beating myself up ?
When you get frustrated with a reading assignment , or when you notice that your attention wanders repeatedly , or when you fall behind on problems due for tomorrow , take a minute to ask yourself , am I judging myself too harshly ?
Lighten up .
Allow yourself to feel a little foolish , recognize the feeling , and get on with it .
Do n't add to the problem by berating yourself .
Ask :
Is this a piano ?
Carpenters who build rough frames for buildings have a saying they use when they bend a nail or hack a chunk out of a two - by - four .
They say , " Well , this ai n't no piano . "
It means perfection is not necessary .
Ask yourself if what you are doing needs to be perfect .
You do n't have to apply the same standards of grammar to review notes that you apply to a term paper .
The basketball player who refuses to shoot until the perfect shot is available may never shoot .
If you can complete a job 95 percent perfect in two hours , and 100 percent in four hours , ask yourself whether the additional five percent improvement is worth doubling the amount of time you spend .
Sometimes it is a piano .
A tiny mistake can ruin an entire lab experiment .
Computers are notorious for turning little errors into monsters .
Accept lower standards where appropriate , especially when time is short .
Ask : How did I just waste time ?
Notice when time passes and you have n't accomplished what you planned .
Take a minute to review your actions and note the specific way you wasted time .
We operate by habit and tend to waste time in the same ways over and over again .
When you have noticed things you do that kill your time , you are more likely to catch yourself in the act next time .
Observing one small quirk may save you hours .
Ask : Would I pay myself for what I 'm doing right now ?
If you were employed as a student , would you be earning your wages ?
Ask yourself this question when you notice that you 've taken your third popcorn break in 30 minutes .
Most students are , in fact , employed as students .
They are investing in their own productivity and sometimes do n't realize what a mediocre job may cost them .
Ask : Can I do just one more thing ?
Ask yourself this question at the end of a long day .
Almost always you may have enough energy to do just one more short task .
If you get in the habit of working until you are done , then doing one more thig , those end - of - the - day tasks will soon add up .
The overall increase in your productivity will surprise you .
Adapted from : Becoming a Master Student , by David Ellis .
( College Survival , Inc. 1984 )
Seven Day Procrastination Elimination Plan
These are 7 strategies you can use to eliminate procrastination .
The suggestions are tied to the days of the week to help you recall .
On Monday , Make it Meaningful .
Why is that job important ?
If you have been putting off something , take a minute to list all the benefits of completing the task .
Look at the job in the perspective of your goals .
Write down the task you have been avoiding , then , below it , write your reason for doing it .
Relate the task to your goals , and be specific about the payoffs and rewards .
On Tuesday , Take it Apart .
Break big jobs into small , manageable parts .
Then be determined to complete one of those tasks .
Make each task something you can accomplish in 15 minutes or less .
Make the results measurable so you can see your progress .
If a long reading assignment intimidates you , break it into two - or three - page sections , list the sections , then cross off each section as you complete it .
Give yourself a visual experience of getting something done .
On Wednesday , Write an Intention Statement .
Use an intention statement in conjunction with a small task you have created .
Write your statement on 3X5 card , and carry it with you or post it in your study area where you can see it often .
For example , if you have a term paper to write and can't seem to get started , write yourself an intention statement that says , " I intend to write a list of at least ten possible topics for my term paper by 9 pm .
I will reward myself with an hour of guilt - free recreational reading . "
On Thursday , Tell Everyone .
Announce your intention publicly .
Tell a friend .
Tell your spouse , roommate , parents , or children .
Telling the world of your intention is an excellent technique to ensure its completion .
Make the world your support group .
On Friday , Find a Reward .
Rewards can be difficult to construct .
A reward must be something that you would genuinely withhold from yourself if you did not earn it .
Do n't pick a movie as a reward if you plan to go to anyway .
If you do n't complete what you set out to do , and go to the movie anyway , the movie would be an ineffective reward .
When you legitimately reap your reward , notice how it feels .
You may find that movies , clothes , or an extra hour studying one of your favorite subjects are more enjoyable when you feel like you 've earned it .
On Saturday , Settle it , Now .
Do it now .
The minute you notice yourself procrastinating , plunge into the task .
Imagine yourself at a mountain lake , poised to dive .
Gradual immersion would be slow torture .
It 's often less painful to leap .
Then be sure to savor the feeling of having the task behind you .
On Sunday , Say No .
When you notice yourself continually pushing a task into the low - priority category , re-examine the purpose for doing it at all .
If you realize that you really do n't intend to do something , quit telling yourself that you will .
That 's procrastinating .
Tell the truth and drop it .
Then you 're not procrastinating , and you do n't have to carry around the baggage of an undone task .
Adapted from : Becoming a Master Student , by David Ellis .
( College Survival , Inc. 1984 )
Techniques To Manage Procrastination
Set Priorities .
Not : I do n't know where to begin , so I can't begin at all .
Not : I have to do EVERYTHING !
Nothing less will do .
Instead :
The most important step is to pick one project to focus on .
Break the Task Down into Little Pieces .
Not :
There 's so much to do , and it 's so complicated .
I 'm overwhelmed by my English term paper .
Instead : I do n't have to do the whole project at once .
There are separate small steps I can take one at a time to begin researching and drafting my paper .
Set Up Small , Specific Goals .
Not : I have to write my thesis within two months .
Instead :
If I write 2 pages per day , Monday - Friday , I can finish a 1st draft in 1 month .
I 'll have a revised final draft in 2 months .
Take One Small Step at a Time .
Not :
It 's too much .
I 'll never get it all done
Instead :
What is the one next step on my list ?
I 'll concentrate on that step for right now
Reward Yourself Right Away When You Accomplish a Small Goal .
Not : I can't take any time out until I 'm completely finished .
Instead : I spent an hour working .
Now I 'll call a friend .
Use a Time Schedule .
Not : I must devote the whole week to this project
Instead : I can use these times this week to work on my project :
Monday 7 - 8 ; Tuesday 7 - 9 ; Saturday 10 - 12 .
Learn How to Tell Time .
Not : Sorting through these papers and reorganizing my file cabinet will be a snap .
It wo n't take me more than an hour , so I can do it any time .
Instead : Sorting papers always takes longer than I expect , so I 'll start tonight .
I 'll spend 1 hour filing 1 stack of papers .
Optimize Your Chances for Success .
Not : I 'll do my writing this weekend at home .
Instead : I 'll write during the week in a library .
( Choose whatever conditions are optimal for you to get work done . )
Delegate , if Possible .
Not : I am the only person in the world who can do this .
Instead : I do n't have to do this all by myself .
I can ask someone else to do part of the job and still feel a sense of accomplishment .
Just Get Started .
Not : I can't write this speech until inspiration hits .
Instead : I 'll write what first comes to mind , then improve it later .
Look at What You Have Accomplished .
Not : I have hardly made a dent in all there is to do .
Instead : I have reviewed my lecture notes and read 3 chapters .
That wo n't guarentee me an " A " , but it 's more than I did yesterday .
Be Realistic !
Not : I should be able to work full - time , take 4 classes , be president of the Esperanto Club , spend more time with friends , and play tennis 2 hours a day with no trouble at all .
Instead : I have limits .
I can take on fewer responsibilities and still like myself .
Learning by Listening .
Not everything is equally important in lecture .
Hold yourself accountable for being selective and differentiating between levels of importance .
Organize your notetaking as a way to review , test your understanding of ideas , and prepare for exams .
You can learn a lot through listening .
In college , it will be a prime source of information .
Listening is a skill which must be developed .
If you apply the following suggestions , you will find yourself listening more effectively .
The responsibility for developing interest and understanding is yours .
Be an active listener and get the most out of attending lecture .
Concentrate on what the speaker is saying .
Sit where you can see and hear the speaker easily and where other distractions are at a minimum .
Determine why what the speaker is saying is important to you .
If you do n't have an immediate , vivid reason for listening to a speaker , you are an unmotivated listener .
Practice the habit of paying attention .
Prepare to get the most out of lecture by reviewing the important points from the previous lecture .
Preview the assigned readings to establish some background knowledge .
Determine what you know and do not know about the material in order to focus your listening as an opportunity for learning .
Listen for the pattern of organization in lecture .
Does it begin or end with a brief summary of the main concepts , themes , or ideas ?
How are details or examples used to develop specific points ?
What is the relationship between the points presented ?
What is the structural format ?
Outline ?
Comparative analysis ?
Main idea , background information , supporting points ?
Inductive or deductive reasoning ?
Ask yourself :
What questions does this lecture answer ?
What are possible midterm questions that information from lectures could be used to answer ?
What is the relationship between the lectures and the readings ?
A System for Effective Listening and Notetaking
You can think about 4 TIMES FASTER than a lecturer can speak .
Effective LISTENING
requires the expenditure of energy ; to compensate for the rate of presentation , you have to acively intend to listen .
NOTETAKING is one way to enhance listening , and using a systematic approach to the taking and reviewing of your notes can add immeasurably to your understanding and remembering the content of lectures .
Before Class Develop a mind - set geared toward listening .
Test yourself over the previous lecture while waiting for the next one to begin .
Skim relevant reading assignments to aquaint yourself with main ideas , new technical terms , etc .
Do what you can to improve physical and mental alertness ( fatigue , hunger ; time of day , where you sit in the classroom may affect motivation ) .
Choose notebooks that will enhance your systematic notetaking : A separate notebook with full - sized pages is recommended for each course .
You might wish to mark off the pages into one of the formats shown at the end of this section .
INTEND TO LISTEN .
During Class Listen for the structure and information in the lecture .
Resist distractions , emotional reactions , or boredom .
Be consistent in your use of form , abbreviation , etc .
Pay attention to speaker for verbal , postural , and visual clues to what 's important .
Label important points and organizational clues : main points , examples .
When possible translate the lecture into your own words , but , if you can't , do n't let it worry you into inattention !
If you feel you do n't take enough notes , divide your page into 5 sections and try to fill each part every 10 minutes ( or work out your own formula ) .
Ask questions if you do n't understand .
Instead of closing your notebook early and getting ready to leave , listen carefully to information given toward the end of class ; summary statements may be of particular value in highlighting main points ; there may be possible quiz questions , etc .
After Class Clear up any questions raised by the lecture by asking either the teacher or classmates .
Fill in missing points or misunderstood terms from text or other sources .
Edit your notes , labeling main points , adding recall clues and questions to be answered .
Key points in the notes can be highlighted with different colors of ink .
Make note of your ideas and reflections , keeping them separate from those of the speaker .
Periodically Review your notes :
Glance at your recall clues and see how much you can remember before rereading the notes .
Look for the emergence of themes , main concepts , methods of presentation over the course of several lectures .
Make up and answer possible test questions .
Effective Note - Taking Lecture styles vary greatly from speaker to speaker .
Some lecturers are beautifully organized , some ramble , some present an hour of anecdotes and leave the student to determine their significance .
It is imperative that you figure out a lecturer 's style .
In the case of the rambler or story teller , you may find yourself at the end of an hour with only a sentence or two written down .
Check with other students , but do n't be surprised if it works out that your sentences do , indeed , represent the crucial points of the lecture .
Purposes of Note - Taking
In order to take efficient notes , the student is forced to listen carefully and critically to what is being said .
Taking notes aids comprehension and retention .
Personal notes in one 's own writing are easier to understand and remember than texbook material .
Lecture notes should represent a concise and complete outline of the most important points and ideas , especially those considered most important by the professor .
Lecture notes clarify ideas not fully understood in the text or elaborate on things that the text mentions only briefly .
A frequent complaint of students is that they are unable to determine during the lecture what is important and what might just as well be left out .
These students may attempt to write down every word uttered by the professor , combining page after page of isolated facts and details but missing a more general understanding of the material , as they are too busy writing to listen .
The following are some suggestions to aid the student in taking efficient lecture notes .
Before the Lecture
The single most important thing you can do is to read or skim the text prior to attending the lecture .
This will enable you to :
Get the general overview of main ideas , secondary points , and important concepts .
Listen with understanding and determine what is relevant and irrevelant .
Identify familiar terms with unfamiliar terms and concepts .
Look up the terms before class .
Listen for an explantion during the lecture .
Ask the professor or TA for an explanation .
Note portions of the material which are unclear .
Listen for an explanation during the lecture .
Develop questions to ask in class .
Look for other gaps in information which should be clarified or filled in .
During the Lecture Structure of Notes Each student should develop his own method of taking notes , however , the following suggestions may be helpful .
Keep a separate section of your notebook or binder for each course .
If there are several types of notes for one course , such as lecture notes , notes on outside readings , and computation of problems , you may want to arrange them on opposite pages for purposes of cross-reference .
Notes for each lecture should begin on a new page .
This makes for a greater legibility and allows for more freedom in organization .
Date your lecture notes and number all pages .
Make your notes brief .
Never use a sentence when you can use a phrase , or a phrase when you can use a word .
Use abbreviations and sumbols wherever possible .
Put most notes in your own words .
However , the following should be noted exactly : Formulae Definitions Specific facts
Note your lecturer 's chief pattern .
S/he may be summarizing the text and highlighting important points , or trying to draw relationships between new and previous understandings .
S/he may expect you to get the textbook material on your own while he discusses related outside material .
If s/he is highlighting the text , take down explanations and examples .
Seeing a concept stated in more than one way can help you understand it .
If s/he draws relationships and asks questions , note the questions and answers .
If s/he does n't give the answers , try to find them after class .
Do n't worry about outlining , but use indentations to distinguish between major and minor points .
Numbers and letters may be added later if you wish .
However , if the lecturer says s/he will make four or five points , list four or five causes , etc. , be sure to use numbers as a check on having taken them all down .
Note down unfamiliar vocabulary and unclear areas .
If the lecturer discusses something you do n't understand , take it down as best and as completely as you can .
Then you can check with the text or at least know what questions to ask if getting help from someone else .
If your instructor knows just what you do n't understand , s/he 's in a position to help you .
If you should miss something completely , leave a blank space and get it later .
Use margins for questions , comments , notes to yourself on unclear material , etc .
Develop a code system of note - marking to indicate questions , comments , important points , due dates of assignments , etc .
This helps separate extraneous material from the body of notes and also helps point out areas which are unclear .
Margins are excellent places for coded notations .
Some suggested codes are : ? - not clear at time of lecture Imp. or !
- important Q - questions * - assignment C - comment ( student 's own )
Attempt to differentiate fact from opinion .
Content .
Notes should include all main ideas and enough subordinate points to clarify understanding .
All formulae , rules , definitions , and generalizations should be included .
Inclusion of the speaker 's illustrations and examples may help clarify concepts when notes are reviewed .
Marginal notes facilitate speedy location of specific items .
Instructors usually give clues as to what is important to take down : previews and summaries material written on blackboard , other visual aids repetition vocal emphasis questions asked of the class word clues : four causes of ; four aspects of ; therefore ; in conclusion ; and so we see ; hence ; in a like manner ; on the other hand ; however ; cause - effect ; relationships ; etc .
After the Lecture Go over your notes as soon as possible after the lecture .
See below for an example of " mapping " Clear up illegibilities in writing , check for errors , fill in further facts and examples while the lecture is still fresh in your mind .
At this point you should clear up misunderstandings or fill in missing information by consulting the lecturer , TA , classsmates , the texts , or addtional readings .
Immediate review is essential to retention .
Unless you review within 24 hours after lecture or at least before the next lecture , retention will drop sharply and you will be relearning rather than reviewing .
Merely recopying notes without thinking about or revising them does not necessarily aid retention .
A more helpful practice is to manipulate the material by reorganizing it and putting it in your own words .
For a well - organized lecture , an outline can suffice , but in the case of material where important ideas and relationships are scattered throughout , there is a technique called mapping which can be very useful in restructuring and putting together the relevant points .
The use of this technique forces you to critically evaluate material in terms of main ideas , secondary points , and details , and to structure this content in an organized and coherent fashion .
Relationships must be observed and established , irrelevant material may be excluded .
This can be one of the most efficient means of immediate review for optimal retention .
Test Taking -- General Tips
Tests measure how you are doing in a course .
Usually test scores are the key determinants of your course grade .
Doing well on tests requires test - taking skills , a purposeful positive attitude , strategic thinking and planning , and , naturally , a solid grasp of the course content .
This article contains tips that apply to all types of tests : Additional tips are available for problem solving tests , objective tests , and essay tests .
How to Prepare for Tests Familiarize yourself with the test .
Ask the professor how long it will be and what kind of questions will be on it .
Ask your instructor which concepts are most important , which chapters to focus on , and what you will have to do on the test .
Also ask for some sample test questions and whether there is a copy of a similar test on file in a library .
Look over the tests you have already taken in the course to predict what you will need to prepare for .
Your aim is to determine both the content of the questions and the type of memory / intellectual skills you will be asked to use .
Examples of these skills include : Remembering specific facts .
Comparing , contrasting , and otherwise interpreting meaning in the information studied .
Applying principles and theories to solve problems ( that may not have been covered explicitly in the materials ) .
Predicting possible outcomes given a set of variables .
Evaluating the usefulness of certain ideas , concepts , or methods for a given event or situation .
Overview all the work to be done and schedule time to do it .
On the basis of your familiarity with the test , make a list of all the tasks you must complete to prepare for it .
Given what topics you expect to be most important on the test , set priorties among your study tasks and plan to do the most important ones first .
In scheduling your test preparation work , keep as much as possible to your own routines .
If you do not know how to make a study schedule , refer to the article on time management .
Avoid the " escape syndrome " .
If you find yourself fretting or talking about your work rather than studying , relax for a few minutes and rethink what you are doing - reappraise your priorities and if necessary rethink your study plan to address your worries and then START WORKING .
Deal with unread materials - succinctly .
Approach your unread materials keeping in mind all of your study plan , how much time you have to catch up on your reading , and what it is you need to pull out of the reading .
Preview the material , dividing it up into parts looking for the organizational scheme of the work .
Decide what parts in the reading you can omit , what parts you can skim , and what parts you want to read .
Set time limits for each part , and keep to the limits .
Use the following techniques to help move through the reading : Skim all the reading material first ( except the parts you have decided to omit ) so you will have at least looked at everything before the test .
Take notes on what you skim .
Read , emphasizing key sentences and concentrating on understanding the ideas expressed .
Try editorializing as you read by asking yourself questions regarding WHO , WHAT , WHERE , WHEN , and HOW about the information .
Recite the material to yourself immediately , self - testing at the end of each part to enhance recall even without later review .
Review actively .
Integrate notes , text , and supplementary information onto summary sheets by diagramming , charting , outlining , categorizing in tables , or simply writing paragraph summaries of the information .
Try to create a summary sheet for each study session , or for each main idea , or for each concept .
Use as many of the suggested ways possible , bringing all your senses as well as your sense of humor to bear on these summary sheets to make them really personally meaningful .
The more of yourself you put into these sheets , the better you will remember the information .
Practice doing what you will be doing on the test .
If you will be solving problems , then that is what you need to do while studying ; if you will be conjugating Spanish verbs , then write these out .
Answer unassigned problems or questions in the text or anticipate test questions by thinking frequently , ' If I were making up this test , I would probably ask ...' , and then answer your question .
Remember , the single most effective way to prepare for any test is to practice doing what you will have to do on the test .
It is frequently useful to study with other well - prepared students and to attend any review sessions if available .
Use these forums to clarify any questions you have about the materials and the test .
Do not expect review sessions to repeat any lectures nor to present any addition information .
The purpose of these sessions is to give you the opportunity to ask questions about the information to further your understanding .
How to Take Tests
Be prepared emotionally and physically as well as intellectually .
Get into a " fighting " attitude , emotionally ready to do your best .
Stay away from others right before the test .
Anxiety is highly contagious .
Focus on what you know rather than on what you do not know : Reinforce your strengths and arrest your weaknesses .
Get your rest the night before a test , eat well balanced meals , keep up with your regular exercise - prepare your brain for optimum functioning by keeping your physical resources well maintained .
Avoid fasts ; do not take any stimulants you are not used to , and if you are used to them ( i.e. coffee or soft drinks ) keep within moderate amounts .
Arrive at the test room early enough to arrange your working conditions , establishing a calm and alert mode .
Select a seat where the lighting is the best ( frequently in the front of the room ) and where your view of other students will be minimized .
When you receive your test , use the back to jot down all the information you are worried you might forget .
Remember first to ask whether you can write on the test form itself .
Preview the whole test before beginning to answer any questions .
Make sure your copy has no missing or duplicate pages .
Ask the instructor or proctor to clarify any ambiguities .
Read the directions carefully .
Plan your time .
Allow the most time for the questions which offer the most points .
Allocate time at the end to review .
Start with the easy questions to build your confidence and to gain time for the harder ones .
Work the entire test :
Put down some answer for each question , even if you must guess ( unless there is a penalty for guessing ) .
Do not panic if you see a question you did not anticipate or prepare for .
Use everything you know about the content of the course , the instructor 's explanations and your own reasoning ability to analyze the question and create a logical answer .
Go for partial credit when you know you cannot get all the points :
If you have studied , you are bound to know something .
Read the question as is .
Avoid overanalyzing or oversimplifying , or you will end up answering a question that exists only in your mind , not on the grading key .
Answer the question the testmaker intended : interpret the test within the scope of the course .
How to Analyze Returned Tests
If you receive your test back to keep , rework your errors trying to reason out why the correct answer was correct .
If you do not receive your test back , visit your instructor 's office to take a look at your answer sheet and the questions you missed .
Look for the origin of each question - text , notes , labs , supplementary reading , etc. Identify the reason you missed a question .
Did you fail to read it correctly ?
Did you fail to prepare for it ?
Was the test at a more difficult level than you prepared for ?
Did you run out of time ?
Check the level of detail and skill of the test .
Were most of the questions on precise details and facts or were they over main ideas an principles ?
Did the questions come straight from the text , or did the testmaker expect you to make sophisticated transformations and analyses ?
Did you have any problems with anxiety or blocking during the test ?
Taking Essay Tests
Preparing for Essay Tests Begin your preparation by reading your instructor 's course description and syllabus and then writing down whatever assumptions , biases , and teaching objectives are stated or implied in these materials .
Determine how the various course topics relate to one another , and note any repeated themes .
Think about any potential essay questions you can generate from this information , and then write them down .
Read assignments and listen to lectures and discussions with the purpose of determining how the course content supports the major themes and answers the major questions you have generated from the course description and syllabus .
Modify and refine these themes and questions throughout the course as you gain additional information .
At some point prior to the test - preferably a week or two before - quickly look over your notes and the chapter headings from your readings .
From this overview , generate a list of major topics for the course material covered .
For each major topic , create a summary sheet of all the relevant factual data that relates to that topic .
( See " Taking Tests - General Tips " ( below ) for more information about summary sheets .
In addition to learning the factual material , determine any logical relationships among topics .
These relationships are often predictive of essay test questions .
For example , if , in a history course , you find that two political movements are noticeably similar , then your instructor may very well ask you to compare and contrast the two movements .
Generate a list of possible essay questions and consider setting up and answering as many of these questions as time permits .
Taking Essay Tests Read all essay questions before you start to write .
As ideas and examples come to you , jot them down on scratch paper or on the back of the test so that you wo n't clutter your mind trying to remember everything .
Budget your time according to the point value of each question , allowing time for proofreading and any unexpected emergencies ( such as taking longer than you expected on a questions or going blank for a while . )
As you read the questions , underline key words ( eg. , compare , explain , justify , define ) and make sure you understand what you are being asked .
Begin with the questions that seems easiest to you .
This procedure reduces anxiety and facilitates clear thinking .
Before actually writing , determine the relationship implied by the question , even if the key word or words do not express a specific relationship .
For example , if you were given the following question , " The Progressive Movement was a direct response to the problems of industrialization .
Discuss . " , you might narrow your response to a more specific cause / effect relationship like the following : " What were the problems of industrialization that caused a response that we label The Progressive Movement ? "
After determing the relationship implied by the question , picture the relationship by creating a chart or matrix of the related elements .
Be sure to separate general issues you wish to bring up from supporting details and examples .
Once this framework for your ideas has been created , generate as many ideas as you can within the allotted time to fill in the categories you have established .
( See Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 . Sample of Prewriting Matrix GENERAL CAUSE PROBLEMS OF INDUSTRIALIZATION
EFFECT :
PROGRESSIVE RESPONSE Social Urbanization
Change in Family
New Labor Conditions
New Social Conditions Muckraking -- Spargo
Settlement House
Working Condition Laws
Brandeis Brief Political Growth of Bossism : Tweed Muckraking -- Baker
LaFollette Reform
Party Platform -- 1912 Economic Trusts : Standard Oil
Wealth Distribution Muckraking -- Tarbeil
Anti-trust Legislation
Railroad Regulation
While You Write
Be sure your answer has a definite thesis that directly answers the question .
State this thesis within the first few sentences of your answer .
Provide specific as well as general information in your response by including examples , substantiating facts , and relevant details from your pre-writing matrix .
Use the technical vocabulary of the course .
Leave space for additions to your answer by writing on every other line and on only one side of each page .
Write legibly .
If your mind goes blank or you do n't know much about a question , relax and brainstorm for a few moments about the topic .
Recall pages from your texts , particular lectures , and class discussions to trigger your memeory about ideas relevant to the question .
Write these ideas down as coherently as you can .
When you reach the end of your alloted time period for a given question , move on to the next item : Partially answering all questions is better than fully anwering some but not others .
The instructor can't give you any credit for a question you have n't attempted .
If you find yourself out of time on a question but with more to say , quickly write down in outline form what you would write if you had time .
After You Write Re-read your answers and make any additions that are necessary for clarity and completeness .
Check your response for errors in grammar , spelling , and punctuation .
Analyzing Returned Essay Tests Read all comments and suggestions .
Look for the origins of the questions .
Did most of the information your instructor expected on your essay come from the lectures ?
From the texts ?
From outside readings ?
Determine the source of your errors .
Was there any course content tested for which you failed to prepare or were inadequately prepared ?
Did you misread or misunderstand any of the questions ?
Did you do poorly because you ran out of time ?
Were you too anxious to focus on the questions and your responses ?
Did the instructor criticize your writing skills - grammar , spelling , punctuation , sentence structure , style , or organization - or how you developed or argued your points ?
Check the level of difficulty or the level of detail of the test questions .
Were most of the questions asking for precise details or main ideas and principles ?
Did most of the quesitons come straight from the material covered , or did the instructor expect you to be able to analyze and / or evaluate the information ?
Did you have any problems with anxiety or blocking during the test ?
Portions of this handout have been adapted from materials developed by Nancy Wood , University of Texas at El Paso , and David Hubin and Susan Lesyk , University of Oregon
Taking Problem - Solving Tests
Preparing for Problem - Solving Tests Review notes and text - list the major concepts and formulas that have been covered .
Highlight those topics / problems that were emphasized .
Note why they were emphasized .
The single best way to prepare for problem - solving tests is to solve problems - lots of them .
Work problems not previously assigned .
Analyze all problems you work :
What concepts , formulas , and rules did I apply ?
What methods did I use ?
How did I begin ?
Have I seen this problem before ?
Is it similar to or dissimilar from other problems I 've done ?
How does my solution compare with the examples from the book and class ?
Could this problem be worked another way ?
Can I simplify what I did ?
In your own words , next to each problem - solving step , explain what you did and why .
Look for fundamental problem types .
Usually a course has approximately 5 fundamental groups of problems - make sure you can recognize what they are .
Practice working problems out of sequence .
For example , work a problem from Chapter 7 , then one from Chapter 5 , then one from Chapter 10 .
This randomness will allow you to see how different problems relate to each other and will simulate the test - taking experience .
Work with a time limit - aim to solve as many problems as you will have on the test within the test time limit ( i.e. , 30 problems in 50 minutes ) .
Make up a practice test .
Possibly you might cut / paste / xerox a test from your homework problems .
Taking Problem - Solving Tests
Before starting the test , turn it over and jot down all the formulas , relationships , definitions , etc. , that you are trying to keep current in memory .
Look the whole test over , skimming the questions and developing a general plan for your work .
If any thoughts come to you immediately as you look at a problem , note these down in the margin .
Plan your time .
Allow more time for high point value problems :
Reserve time at the end of the period to review your work and to handle emergencies .
Start with the easier problems , the ones for which you can specify a solution method quickly .
This will reduce anxiety and facilitate clear thinking .
For the more difficult problems :
Make absolutely sure that you understand the posed problem :
Mark key words , identify the givens and unknowns in your own words , sketch a diagram or picture of the problem , anticipate the form and characteristics of the solution ( e.g. , it has to be an integer , the solution is an algebraic expression , etc . )
Make a note , in symbols , diagrams , graphs or tables of all the information given .
For complex problems , list all the formulas you consider might be relevant to the solution , then decide which you will need to begin with .
If you have no solution method :
If possible , write out an equation to express the relationships among all the givens and unknowns , accounting for all the data and facts of the problem .
Think back to similar practice problems to select a solution method .
Solve a simpler form of the problem if dealing with complex configurations OR substitute simple numbers for unknowns to reduce the amount of abstract thinking required .
Break the problem into a series of smaller problems and work each part , thus building up to a solution .
Guess an answer and check it .
Possibly the checking process will suggest a solution method .
If all else fails , mark it to come back to later and work another problem .
You may find clues in subsequent problems .
For all problems , easy and difficult :
Once you have the solution method , follow it carefully .
Check each step for consistency in notation .
Document all your work so that it may be read easily ; write legibly .
Evaluate your solutions .
Check your answers against the original problem to make sure they fit .
Try all test problems .
If your mind goes blank , relax for a moment and contemplate the problem OR mark it to come back later .
If you run out of time and still have some problems left , try to gain at least partial credit by setting the problem up in a solution plan ( even if you can't follow through on calculations ) .
Analyzing Returned Problem - Solving Tests Read the comments and suggestions .
Locate the source of the test :
Did the problems come from the lectures , the textbook , or the homework ?
Note any transformations - how were the problems changed from those in the notes , text , and homework ?
Detemine the source of your errors :
Were your errors due to carelessness ?
For example , did you fail to carry a negative sign from one step to another ?
Did you misread questions ?
For example , did you fail to account for all the given data in your solution method ?
Did you consistently miss the same kind of problem ?
Could you produce the formulas , or did you remember them incorrectly ?
Were you unable to finish the test because you ran out of time ?
Were you unable to solve problems because you had not practiced doing similar ones ?
Did you have a difficult time during the test because you were too anxious to focus on the questions ?
Taking Objective Tests
Objective tests measure your ability to remember many facts and figures as well as your understanding of the course materials .
These tests are often designed to make you think independently - do not count on recognizing the right answer ; instead prepare yourself for high level critical reasoning and making fine discriminations to determine the best answer .
The most common objective test questions are multiple - choice , true - false , and matching items .
Doing well on these questions requires that you not only master the information but also interpret the test - maker 's intentions .
You know you have mastered the information if you can :
Recall specific terms , facts , names , and other key words ; become proficient in the language of the course .
Distinguish the ways in which ideas , facts , theories , or other observations differ from each other AND categorize ideas , facts , theories or other observations according to the ways these are similar .
Answer the questions and solve the problems in the text and create your own questions or problems .
Preparing for Objective Tests Review notes and text ( s ) - list the major concepts that have been covered Highlight those topics that were stressed .
Note why they were stressed .
Think vocabulary .
Every field of study has its own vocabulary .
Identify words / terms used to represent specific concepts ( i.e. , the word ' paradigm ' in a social science research course ) and treat them as you would a foreign language - make flash cards for frequent drills , and try to use these words whenever you work with course - related materials .
Compare and contrast .
Sometimes objective questions can be used to test your ability to distinguish concepts , ideas , theories , events , or facts from each other .
Construct diagrams , charts , tables , or lists to summarize relationships .
Recite for precision .
Review your retention of the information by recalling it often .
Use odd moments , in addition to 15 - 20 minute review sessions , to say or write out complete ideas , facts .
It is very important to verbalize the recalled information completely and in a detailed manner so that you will have a precise idea of your mastery of the material .
Taking Objective Tests General tips .
Plan your time .
Allow more time for high point value questions ; reserve time at the end to review your work , and for emergencies .
Before starting the test , turn it over and jot down all the facts and details you are trying to keep current in memory .
Look the whole test over , skimming the quesitons and developing a general plan for your work .
If any immediate thoughts come to you , jot them down in the margin .
Check with your instructor whether or not you can write on the test .
Read the directions very carefully .
Look for time limits , specific answering procedures ( i.e. , answer 3 out of the 4 questions below ) , how questions will be graded .
Start with the section of the test that will yield the most points , but begin working with the easiest questions to gain time for the more difficult ones and to warm up .
Work quickly , check your timing regularly , and adjust your speed when necessary .
Avoid reading into the question .
When you find yourself thinking along the lines of " this is too easy ; there must be a trick ... " mark the question and move on to another .
When you begin modifying the question , the answer you will come up with will be different from the one on the teacher 's key .
Interpret questions literally .
Choose the answer the testmaker intended - stay within the scope of the course .
If you know facts that are beyond the level of sophistication of the test , 1 ) Record the intended answer , and 2 ) point out the possible ambiguity and make a case for a different answer either in the margin of the test or during the next regular class .
Mark key words in every question .
To help find the key works ask yourself WHAT , WHO , WHERE , WHEN , and HOW ?
Multiple choice questions .
Probably the most commonly used objective questions , multiple choice questions , consist of 2 parts :
The stem - the statement or question .
The choices - also known as the distractors .
There are usually 3 to 5 options from which you choose the one that will complete the stem statement or question .
You are to select the correct choice , the option that completes the thought expressed in the stem .
There is a 20 % chance that you will guess the correct choice if there are 5 choices listed .
Although multiple choice questions are are most often used to test your memory of details , facts , and relationships , they are also used to test your comprehension and your ability to solve problems .
Reasoning ability is a very important skill for doing will on multiple choice tests .
Read the stem as if it were an independent , free standing statement .
Anticipate the phrase that would complete the thought expressed , then evaluate each answer choice against your anticipated answer .
It is important that you read each choice , even if the first choice matches the answer you anticipated , because there may be a better answer listed .
Another evaluation technique is to read the stem together with each answer choice as if it were a true - false statement .
If the answer makes the statement a false one , cross it out .
Check all the choices that complete the stem as a true statement .
Try to suspend judgment about the choices you think are true until you have read all the choices .
Beware of words like not , but , except .
Mark these words because they specify the direction and limits of the answer .
Also watch out for words like always , never , and only .
These must be interpreted as meaning all of the time , not just 99 % of the time .
These choices are frequently incorrect because there are few statements that have no exceptions ( but there are a few ) .
If there are two or more options that could be the correct answer , compare them to each other to determine the differences between them , and then relate these differences with the stem to deduce which of the choices is the better one .
( Hint : Select the option that gives the most complete information . )
If there is an encompassing answer choice , for example " all of the above " , and you are unable to determine that there are at least two correct choices , select the encompassing choice .
Use hints from questions you know to answer questions you do not .
Make educated guesses - eliminate options any way you can .
True - False Questions .
Also a popular question type , the true - flase question has only two options .
Your odds are always 50 - 50 with this type of item .
Typically , testmakers tend to focus on details in true - false questions .
In order for a statement to be true , it must be so 100 % of the time .
This means each part of the question .
Thus you must evaluate the trueness of WHAT , WHO , WHERE , WHEN , and HOW for each statement .
Beware of words that qualify and give specific meanings .
Words like some , usually , not frequently denote true statements , but be careful to interpret each statement as a special case .
Another type of word , such as always and never , should be interpreted as meaning without exception .
If you can think of an exception , the statement is false .
Testmakers often mismatch items or names with inappropriate events or definintions to test your mastery and alertness .
Matching Questions .
Matching questions give you some opportunity for guessing .
You must know the information well in that you are presented with two columns of items for which you must establish relationships .
If only one match is allowed per item , then once items become eliminated , a few of the latter ones may be guessed .
The relationship is the crucial factor in a set of matching items .
Usually the relationship is common to all included items .
For example , all the items in Column B define the terms in Column A , or the individuals named in Column A wrote the books listed in Column B .
For every match you make , cross the the items in both columns ( unless there is more than one match possible ) .
Begin with the lengthier column containing the information , evaluating the items in the column with shorter descriptions for a match .
This way you save time by not constantly having to re-read the lengthy statements .
