Politics as sport is a long used analogy .
From the horse race coverage of election season to candidates coming out swinging in the debates , we love to relate political competition to our most cherished competitive games .
There ’s just one problem with this analogy .
We do n’t take politics even half as seriously as we do sports .
Imagine turning on ESPN and watching commentators predict the outcome of Sunday ’s big game based on who has the most handsome quarterback or whose kicker is cheating on their spouse .
Imagine tuning into a commentator on sports radio explaining the chances of one team winning based on the fashion of that team ’s uniform or the personality of their coach .
To serious sports fans , this kind of analysis would be too much to bear .
Not so in the world of politics .
In any given election season , such trivial issues are the rule and not the exception .
In fact , superficial coverage has become so commonplace , the average voter is lucky to truly understand the policy stances of any major candidate , much less the independent candidates .
To the sports fan , strategy and performance really mean something .
Political strategy , on the other hand , is the art of beating your opponent while avoiding any real performance .
Boxing journalists decry fighters who spend all their time running around the ring , never engaging in any real action .
Political pundits , on the other hand , relish in playing the part of a boxing referee who breaks up the action every time any real contact occurs .
While I could go on and on about these differences , it might be more useful to propose a better analogy .
Rather than soil the image of our beloved sports , I would suggest it is more appropriate to compare our politics to the world of professional wrestling .
Now I know that I ’m not the first person to make this connection .
But that may be for good reason .
Anyone familiar with this particular field of entertainment can spot the similarities a mile away .
One of the most important parts of a professional wrestling match is the buildup .
For many , the trash talk and the antics outside the ring are as much a part of the experience as the fight itself .
Wrestlers come out for interviews , displaying great passion and intensity .
They throw out all these clever one - liners , and the next day everyone is running around quoting them to their friends .
As in any good show , half the work is in selling the fight .
With this in mind , the promoters are looking not just for athletes .
They ’re looking for professional actors .
A successful candidate must be able to convince the public of their worthiness as an opponent and have the charisma to make fans root for them .
While their marketability is the unique personality injected into their lines , the bulk of the script has been written by someone else .
While these dressed up warriors may do battle in the ring , they ’re ultimately all part of the same acting troupe .
Sound familiar ?
Well , that ’s just the beginning of the analogy .
Political candidates are careful to avoid in - depth policy discussion like wrestlers are careful to avoid serious injury .
The finesse in pulling off such moves without getting hurt or tripped up is quite a sight to see .
Honest straightforward answers are sidestepped in the same manner a wrestler stomps on the mat when he ’s punching an opponent .
Strangely enough , everyone in the audience knows it was n’t a real punch but goes along just the same .
But is it really that strange ?
I often wonder if people are most fascinated with the craft of it all .
When you think about it , it ’s not much different from a stage play .
The practice and rehearsing that must go into such skillful deception is all really quite impressive .
In a world where the first and last answer to every question is “ let the market sort it out , ” politics is a lot like wrestling in that it is all about giving the people what they want .
And what , you might ask ( or rather our elites have asked ) , do people want ?
Well , at a wrestling event , you may be for someone or you may be against them , but in the end what you really want is a good show .
Even if your favorite wrestler did n’t win , you can still go home feeling satisfied .
That , in a sense , is what our democracy has become .
The people behind the scenes try to put on a good show , so that if your candidate does n’t win you can still go home feeling satisfied ( or at least pacified ) for showing up and taking part .
I know this all may sound very tongue in cheek , but the cynicism in such an analogy is quite warranted .
For example , when wrestlers are seen cheating during a match , fans do n’t go out and tear up the place because they think it ’s unfair .
And why ?
Because it ’s all part of the show .
So what happens when you have two consecutive elections where irrefutable evidence of fraud and voter disenfranchisement arises ?
Not only will the media not cover it , but the very candidates who have a legitimate challenge to the results refuse to even bring it up .
And you wonder why people are so cynical ?
You wonder why people do n’t vote ?
Well , maybe it ’s the same reason why wrestling fans do n’t riot in the streets ( as testosterone - driven as such matches are ) after the champion loses the title .
That ’s because they know there ’s nothing they can do about it .
It was all part of the show .
Now am I saying that our democracy is as fake as a professional wrestling match and that all elections are fixed ?
Absolutely not .
But this is where the analogy gets tricky .
Sure , you may not know the outcome in wrestling , but someone does .
Moreover , even if the vote was fair in an election , the big winners are already set in stone .
And just like in the world of professional wrestling , the big winners are those who sign the checks .
See , even though the people who ’ve paid for the campaigns may not necessarily know who ’s going to win the election , they still know the outcome .
In other words , they know what the public does n’t know .
When a wrestler gets his hand raised at the end of a match , we all know it ’s phony .
Indeed , it ’s not like we really know anything .
We just know we ’ve been entertained , and now it ’s time to go home .
Likewise , at the end of the election , the feeling is that we ’ve all been entertained and now it ’s time to go home .
The only ones who know that it ’s all been phony are those who paid to put on the show .
And by phony , I mean that they understand that when a candidate gets his or her hand raised , that ’s not the end of the fight .
That ’s still part of the buildup .
The real fight has n’t even happened yet .
The real fight is what happens after the election ( after everyone else has gone home ) .
The real fight is about policy .
And I think we all know whose hand usually gets raised at the end of that match .
The problem with the analogy is that a lot of people think of election day as the main event .
Yet voting , in a way , is more like buying tickets for which particular fight you ’d like to see .
Again , the real fight happens after the election .
Voting is merely the last part of the buildup to decide who ’s even going to be in the fight .
In fact , the winner of the election is more like a judge or referee , primarily there to decide who gets the most points .
The real fight is between those who pay for their salaries and those who pay for their campaigns .
And it does n’t take a political scientist to extrapolate that politicians may not necessarily be in it for the salary .
Again , I ’m not suggesting that all of politics is a puppet show .
Hell , even wrestlers have the freedom to improvise once in a while .
When there are hundreds of policy fights , it ’s inevitable that there are going to be many instances in which your elected officials will proudly and accurately represent your best interests .
This of course is in their free time when they have n’t been contracted by their promoters to work the fight .
Although I , myself , believe wholeheartedly in voting , I understand why some do not .
For the same reason many do n’t watch wrestling , they believe the outcome is already decided and see no point in just being part of the spectacle .
Similarly , I know a lot of ordinary voters who dismiss wrestling as folly , unable to grasp why people would sit around making believe they ’re watching a real fight .
Acknowledging that it ’s less messy than actually getting into a real fight , the wrestling fan might counter the voter by asking why he or she is not an activist .
While wrestling is about the spectacle of a fight and not a real fight , some might say that our elections are about the spectacle of democracy and not real democracy .
With no end to the mockery in sight , it ’s no wonder why some have lost hope and simply refuse to buy tickets .
Neither is it a wonder that others only see hope in tearing up the place .
The one thing I ’m certain of is that if we ’re ever going to find a new analogy , it ’s going to take more than just greater attendance at the ticket booth .
If we expect to see real democracy in this country , it ’s going to require that we stay after the elections and fight .
A reader writes :
The Civil War was fought from Sumter to Appomattox , from April 12 , 1861 , to April 9 , 1865 .
But the roots of the war predated 1861 , and the consequences lived on long after 1865 .
In reality the Civil War never ended , it just shifted from a military to a culture war - the same culture war that is still going on today .
On the one hand I agree with you ; on the other hand , you do n't go nearly far enough .
An Obama presidency means much more than a truce in the 60’s culture war .
It means the end of a much older and more terrible war , in which the 60's was merely one battle : the American Civil War .
That is what is at stake here .
Earlier this week , in your post “ The Top Ten Reasons Conservatives Should Vote For Obama ” , you wrote under Point 4 : “ A truce in the culture war .
Obama takes us past the debilitating boomer warfare that has raged since the 1960s .
Nothing has distorted our politics so gravely ; nothing has made a rational politics more elusive . ”
What you call the “ boomer warfare ” of the 1960 ’s was part of that larger war , marking the struggle to end Jim Crow , the century - long regime of American apartheid ( Vietnam was , in my opinion , related but secondary ) .
The end of apartheid was a second humiliating defeat for the forces of the conservative " South " at the hands of the liberal " North " , and it subsequently gave rise to those decades of distorted and irrational politics you so deplore , as the reactionary and fundamentalist forces regrouped and mounted yet another rearguard insurrection against their liberal " oppressors " , culminating in their partial ascension to power under Bush .
( And we can only hope it ends there , instead of with Palin and the Christian Nationalists in 2012 ) .
I realize this may sound harsh ; I do not think Bush is a racist , for instance ( quite the contrary ) , and I am very aware of the progress made in this country since I was young , including in the South ; nevertheless , this election is clearly about race , about who and what we are as a nation , as a people , as a family ( I would throw California 's Prop 8 squarely into this battle too ) .
So let 's be clear - it is not " boomer warfare " which has distorted our politics , or made rational politics so elusive since the 60's : it is something far deeper , something far older , something which has been with us from the beginning in this country , and which we in turn brought with us from the Old World ; something which in fact traces back to the very origin of humanity - spiritually , psychologically , politically , evolutionarily .
That depth is what gives the American story its pathos and its importance .
That is why the world watches us : to see if we can work it out - to see if there is hope .
And that 's why January 20 , 2009 , is so important : the day Barack Obama is sworn in as our 44th president will mark the third , and I believe the final defeat of the forces of repression and division in this country , and the actual end of the American Civil War .
How can I be so sure ?
Because when the American President is inaugurated , it is directly homologous to the crowning of the King in ancient days : the King is the groom , the Nation is the bride , the crowning is the hieros gamos , the sacred marriage .
When Barack Obama is sworn in as our 44th president , a symbolic marriage will be enacted , binding us together forever , black and white .
We will have chosen to become one .
We will have chosen to become family .
The War will be over .
E pluribus unum .
The whole world will be watching this .
You have stated over and over again that an Obama presidency would be “ transformational ” , even “ indispensable ” .
You 're right .
And you 're right that this is only the beginning .
A new chapter is dawning .
Will the old guard resist ?
Of course .
But their power is waning .
Providence made sure the better man lost in 2000 , and the eight years since have been just enough rope for the old , corrupt right to hang itself .
Dana Milbank : Are Obama supporters ' real ' Americans ?
Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Sunday October 26 , 2008
Print This Email This The Washington Post 's Dana Milbank , in a tongue - in - cheek Thursday editorial with accompanying video , chronicled his travels to Virginia , specifically Richmond , to confirm a notion aired by the McCain campaign that " real Americans , " ie .
McCain supporters , preferred the southern part of the state to the northern , said to be culturally tainted by its Democratic - leaning tendencies and proximity to Washington , DC .
One recent example was a remark by McCain advisor Nancy Pfotenhauer during an October 18 MSNBC appearance .
" I certainly agree that Northern Virginia has gone more Democratic ... But the rest of the state -- real Virginia if you will -- I think will be very responsive to Senator McCain 's message . "
Other such line - drawing includes a recent call by Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann for the revelation of " anti-America " members of Congress , along with a statement Rep. Robin Hayes made to a crowd at a McCain rally that " liberals hate real Americans . "
On Wednesday , Milbank , to his " surprise , " found an estimated 12,000 people lined up to participate in a rally at the Richmond Coliseum for Senator Obama , " the leader of anti-America America . "
" You guys are at an Obama rally , " he told four young adult attendees , " so you 're probably anti-America . "
" We 're probably communists , " responds one .
" I'm a terrorist , " his counterpart asserts .
A third concurs , and the three share a celebratory " fist bump . "
" Sarah Palin says the pro-America Americans are hard - working , patriotic , kind , good and courageous , " Milbank asks two others in a multiple - choice question .
" Which of the following best describes you ?
Lazy ; unpatriotic ; misanthropic ; bad ; cowardly ; or all of the above ? "
" There are no real parts of the country and fake parts of the country , " Obama said at the rally .
" There are no pro-America parts of the country and anti-America parts of the country .
We all love this country , no matter where we live or where we come from .
Black , white , Hispanic , Asian , Native American , young , old , rich , poor , gay , straight , city dweller , farm dwellers , it does n't matter .
We 're all together . "
" It was , in the end , an alternative to the Sarah Palin view , " Milbank concluded .
" In the real pro-America America , just like in the phony anti-America America , people pretty much sound like Americans .
In fact , if it was n't for the fist bump , you 'd have trouble telling the two Americas apart . "
The following video is from the Washington Post , posted October 23 , 2008 .
The editorial can be read at this link .
Download video via RawReplay.com
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Investor fears that further possible coordinated action to calm markets will not be enough to fend off a global recession sent shares from London to Tokyo reeling on Monday , while the yen continued to surge .
The yen held firm even after the Group of Seven nations singled out as a cause for concern its excessive volatility , which has helped propel Japanese equities to their lowest in nearly 30 years .
The latest joint effort by the world ’s major industrialized nations to stem the worst financial crisis in 80 years did little to convince that governments around the world can quench the turmoil that has ravaged markets , as investors rush to pull money out of any region or asset class with a hint of risk .
Emerging market equities took another pounding , falling to their lowest since September 2004 .
MSCIEF .
Emerging shares have lost more than 40 percent in October alone .
In Western Europe , shares on the FTSEurofirst 300 index .
FTEU3 dropped nearly 4 percent by 1305 GMT , led by banking stocks and energy companies , which took a hit from oil prices tumbling to a 17 - month low .
U.S. stock futures were down between 1.3 and 2.2 percent , suggesting a modest decline at the start of trading on Wall Street , where shares tumbled to 5 - 1/ 2 year lows on Friday , fueled by worries that the global slowdown could be worse than originally thought .
“ Until the capital market situation is eased and the money comes out of governments into the banking system we are not going to see anything different .
Recession remains on everyone ’s lips and is the top concern , ” said Howard Wheeldon , strategist at BGC Partners .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
The euro hit a two - year low against the dollar and its lowest since March 2002 against the yen , while in another sign of profound risk aversion , European credit spreads hovered just shy of Friday ’s record highs .
“ There ’s lots of volatility , not just in the equity market but in the interest rate and currency markets too , ” said Neil Parker , market strategist at Royal Bank of Scotland .
“ We ’re going to get further big swings as the markets watch for what the authorities are going to do , ” he added .
The MSCI world index of shares .
MIWD00000PUS , which on Monday was down by nearly 3 percent , has lost nearly 50 percent this year to reach its lowest since 2003 as investors around the globe have dumped stocks .
ECONOMY FEELS THE PINCH
Meanwhile , two - year euro zone government bond yields touched a new three - year low at 2.572 percent as concern about the economy intensified .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
A closely watched survey on Monday showed German business expectations fell this month to their lowest level since the country was unified in 1990 .
“ The full fallout of the recent wave of the financial turmoil is finally becoming visible , ” wrote Carsten Brzeski , of the ING Financial Markets global economics team in a note .
“ The financial crisis has rapidly turned into an economic crisis and German businesses have lost all confidence . ”
In Asia , Japan 's Nikkei index . N225 was down 6.4 percent at its lowest close since 1982 as the stronger yen hit exporters such as Canon Inc 7751.T and Toyota Corp 7203.T .
Japan promised fresh measures on Monday to try to shield the world ’s second - biggest economy from the financial crisis while South Korea slashed interest rates and Australia ’s central bank intervened for a second day to support its tumbling currency .
The actions by Asian policymakers come days ahead of a widely expected U.S. interest rate cut of 50 basis points by the Federal Reserve on Wednesday and a report on U.S. third - quarter economic growth on Thursday .
Analysts said the G7 statement suggested authorities were at least considering joint intervention to stem the yen ’s recent surge although with the dollar riding high against currencies other than the yen , that remains far from certain .
The yen , which slipped initially after the G7 statement , climbed back toward Friday ’s 13 - year peak against the dollar , supported by the unraveling of carry trades built up over the last few years in which investors sold the low - yielding currency to buy higher - yielding , riskier assets .
This unwinding has hit emerging markets especially hard .
More countries are expected to turn to the International Monetary Fund after Ukraine on Sunday agreed on a $ 16.5 billion loan and Hungary also agreed a package .
The dollar fell 1.4 percent from late U.S. trade last week to 92.99 yen , pulling back after rising to near 94.50 yen after the G7 warning .
The euro was down 2.6 percent at 115.94 yen , having touched a 6 - 1/ 2 year low of 113.61 , according to Reuters data .
Mirroring global recession fears , oil pared some losses and was last down 1.3 percent at $ 63.33 a barrel , but was still close to its lowest level since May 2007 , while spot gold -- ordinarily a perceived safe - haven investment -- shed about 2 percent , undermined by the strength in the dollar against the euro and weaker crude oil .
“ But , ” he said , referring to the government , “ they are determined to spend this money on development .
They see it as a priority . ”
Senators Levin and Warner pointed out that in 2007 , for example , Iraq actually spent only 28 percent of its $ 12 billion reconstruction budget , according to the accountability office .
But even that number could overstate the success rate in most of Iraq , because $ 2 billion of the spending took place in the relatively peaceful confines of the northern Kurdish region .
And in another troubling sign , the report said that from 2005 to 2007 , Iraq devoted only 1 percent of the operating expenses in its budget to maintaining reconstruction projects that had been built with either American or Iraqi money .
That finding raised fresh questions over whether the huge investment in some of those projects would have any long - term impact .
Like so many statistical measures from Iraq , the ones in the new report are likely to be used to support opposite positions on how much the United States should continue spending and how long it should stay in the country , said Ryan Alexander , president of Taxpayers for Common Sense in Washington .
The figures could be used to argue that because the Iraqi ministries still do not have the capacity to spend their own money , further assistance from the United States is called for , Ms. Alexander said .
Or the huge oil revenues could be seen as proof that Iraq has the resources to solve its own problems if it would only use the money .
But one finding that is sure to raise questions all around is the enormous pileup of cash in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , as well as several Iraqi banks , Ms. Alexander said .
The money in New York is a legacy of a system set up to handle Iraqi oil revenues when the country had no capacity to do so on its own .
Stephen Jeffrey
BY THE standards of European scientific collaboration , € 2 m ( $ 3.1 m ) is not a huge sum .
But it might be the start of something that will challenge human perceptions of reality at least as much as the billions being spent by the European particle - physics laboratory ( CERN ) at Geneva .
The first task of CERN's new machine , the Large Hadron Collider , which is due to open later this year , will be to search for the Higgs boson — an object that has been dubbed , with a certain amount of hyperbole , the God particle .
The € 2 m , by contrast , will be spent on the search for God Himself — or , rather , for the biological reasons why so many people believe in God , gods and religion in general .
“ Explaining Religion ” , as the project is known , is the largest - ever scientific study of the subject .
It began last September , will run for three years , and involves scholars from 14 universities and a range of disciplines from psychology to economics .
And it is merely the latest manifestation of a growing tendency for science to poke its nose into the God business .
Religion cries out for a biological explanation .
It is a ubiquitous phenomenon — arguably one of the species markers of Homo sapiens — but a puzzling one .
It has none of the obvious benefits of that other marker of humanity , language .
Nevertheless , it consumes huge amounts of resources .
Moreover , unlike language , it is the subject of violent disagreements .
Science has , however , made significant progress in understanding the biology of language , from where it is processed in the brain to exactly how it communicates meaning .
Time , therefore , to put religion under the microscope as well .
I have no need of that hypothesis
Explaining Religion is an ambitious attempt to do this .
The experiments it will sponsor are designed to look at the mental mechanisms needed to represent an omniscient deity , whether ( and how ) belief in such a “ surveillance - camera ”
God might improve reproductive success to an individual 's Darwinian advantage , and whether religion enhances a person 's reputation — for instance , do people think that those who believe in God are more trustworthy than those who do not ?
The researchers will also seek to establish whether different religions foster different levels of co-operation , for what reasons , and whether such co-operation brings collective benefits , both to the religious community and to those outside it .
It is an ambitious shopping list .
Fortunately , other researchers have blazed a trail .
Patrick McNamara , for example , is the head of the Evolutionary Neurobehaviour Laboratory at Boston University 's School of Medicine .
He works with people who suffer from Parkinson 's disease .
This illness is caused by low levels of a messenger molecule called dopamine in certain parts of the brain .
In a preliminary study , Dr McNamara discovered that those with Parkinson 's had lower levels of religiosity than healthy individuals , and that the difference seemed to correlate with the disease 's severity .
He therefore suspects a link with dopamine levels and is now conducting a follow - up involving some patients who are taking dopamine - boosting medicine and some of whom are not .
Such neurochemical work , though preliminary , may tie in with scanning studies conducted to try to find out which parts of the brain are involved in religious experience .
Nina Azari , a neuroscientist at the University of Hawaii at Hilo who also has a doctorate in theology , has looked at the brains of religious people .
She used positron emission tomography ( PET ) to measure brain activity in six fundamentalist Christians and six non-religious ( though not atheist ) controls .
The Christians all said that reciting the first verse of the 23rd psalm helped them enter a religious state of mind , so both groups were scanned in six different sets of circumstances : while reading the first verse of the 23rd psalm , while reciting it out loud , while reading a happy story ( a well - known German children 's rhyme ) , while reciting that story out loud , while reading a neutral text ( how to use a calling card ) and while at rest .
Stephen Jeffrey
Dr Azari was expecting to see activity in the limbic systems of the Christians when they recited the psalm .
Previous research had suggested that this part of the brain ( which regulates emotion ) is an important centre of religious activity .
In fact what happened was increased activity in three areas of the frontal and parietal cortex , some of which are better known for their involvement in rational thought .
The control group did not show activity in these parts of their brains when listening to the psalm .
And , intriguingly , the only thing that triggered limbic activity in either group was reading the happy story .
Dr Azari's PET study , together with one by Andrew Newberg of the University of Pennsylvania , which used single - photon emission computed tomography done on Buddhist monks , and another by Mario Beauregard of the University of Montreal , which put Carmelite nuns in a magnetic - resonance - imaging machine , all suggest that religious activity is spread across many parts of the brain .
That conflicts not only with the limbic - system theory but also with earlier reports of a so - called God Spot that derived partly from work conducted on epileptics .
These reports suggested that religiosity originates specifically in the brain 's temporal lobe , and that religious visions are the result of epileptic seizures that affect this part of the brain .
Though there is clearly still a long way to go , this sort of imaging should eventually tie down the circuitry of religious experience and that , combined with work on messenger molecules of the sort that Dr McNamara is doing , will illuminate how the brain generates and processes religious experiences .
Dr Azari , however , is sceptical that such work will say much about religion 's evolution and function .
For this , other methods are needed .
Dr McNamara , for example , plans to analyse a database called the Ethnographic Atlas to see if he can find any correlations between the amount of cultural co-operation found in a society and the intensity of its religious rituals .
And Richard Sosis , an anthropologist at the University of Connecticut , has already done some research which suggests that the long - term co-operative benefits of religion outweigh the short - term costs it imposes in the form of praying many times a day , avoiding certain foods , fasting and so on .
Leviticus 's children
On the face of things , it is puzzling that such costly behaviour should persist .
Some scholars , however , draw an analogy with sexual selection .
The splendour of a peacock 's tail and the throaty roar of a stag really do show which males are fittest , and thus help females choose .
Similarly , signs of religious commitment that are hard to fake provide a costly and reliable signal to others in a group that anyone engaging in them is committed to that group .
Free -riders , in other words , would not be able to gain the advantages of group membership .
To test whether religion might have emerged as a way of improving group co-operation while reducing the need to keep an eye out for free - riders , Dr Sosis drew on a catalogue of 19th - century American communes published in 1988 by Yaacov Oved of Tel Aviv University .
Dr Sosis picked 200 of these for his analysis ; 88 were religious and 112 were secular .
Dr Oved 's data include the span of each commune 's existence and Dr Sosis found that communes whose ideology was secular were up to four times as likely as religious ones to dissolve in any given year .
A follow - up study that Dr Sosis conducted in collaboration with Eric Bressler of McMaster University in Canada focused on 83 of these communes ( 30 religious , 53 secular ) to see if the amount of time they survived correlated with the strictures and expectations they imposed on the behaviour of their members .
The two researchers examined things like food consumption , attitudes to material possessions , rules about communication , rituals and taboos , and rules about marriage and sexual relationships .
As they expected , they found that the more constraints a religious commune placed on its members , the longer it lasted ( one is still going , at the grand old age of 149 ) .
But the same did not hold true of secular communes , where the oldest was 40 .
Dr Sosis therefore concludes that ritual constraints are not by themselves enough to sustain co-operation in a community — what is needed in addition is a belief that those constraints are sanctified .
Dr Sosis has also studied modern secular and religious kibbutzim in Israel .
Because a kibbutz , by its nature , depends on group co-operation , the principal difference between the two is the use of religious ritual .
Within religious communities , men are expected to pray three times daily in groups of at least ten , while women are not .
It should , therefore , be possible to observe whether group rituals do improve co-operation , based on the behaviour of men and women .
To do so , Dr Sosis teamed up with Bradley Ruffle , an economist at Ben-Gurion University , in Israel .
They devised a game to be played by two members of a kibbutz .
This was a variant of what is known to economists as the common - pool - resource dilemma , which involves two people trying to divide a pot of money without knowing how much the other is asking for .
In the version of the game devised by Dr Sosis and Dr Ruffle , each participant was told that there was an envelope with 100 shekels in it ( between 1/6th and 1/8th of normal monthly income ) .
Both players could request money from the envelope , but if the sum of their requests exceeded its contents , neither got any cash .
If , however , their request equalled , or was less than , the 100 shekels , not only did they keep the money , but the amount left was increased by 50 % and split between them .
Dr Sosis and Dr Ruffle picked the common - pool - resource dilemma because the communal lives of kibbutz members mean they often face similar dilemmas over things such as communal food , power and cars .
The researchers ' hypothesis was that in religious kibbutzim men would be better collaborators ( and thus would take less ) than women , while in secular kibbutzim men and women would take about the same .
And that was exactly what happened .
Big father is watching you
Dr Sosis is not the only researcher to employ economic games to investigate the nature and possible advantages of religion .
Ara Norenzayan , an experimental psychologist at the University of British Columbia , in Vancouver , has conducted experiments using what is known as the dictator game .
This , too , is a well - established test used to gauge altruistic behaviour .
Participants receive a sum of money — Dr Norenzayan set it at $ 10 — and are asked if they would like to share it with another player .
The dictator game thus differs from another familiar economic game in which one person divides the money and the other decides whether to accept or reject that division .
As might be expected , in the simple version of the dictator game most people take most or all of the money .
However , Dr Norenzayan and his graduate student Azim Shariff tried to tweak the game by introducing the idea of God .
They did this by priming half of their volunteers to think about religion by getting them to unscramble sentences containing religious words such as God , spirit , divine , sacred and prophet .
Those thus primed left an average of $ 4.22 , while the unprimed left $ 1.84 .
Exactly what Dr Norenzayan has discovered here is not clear .
A follow - up experiment which primed people with secular words that might , nevertheless , have prompted them to behave in an altruistic manner ( civic , jury , court , police and contract ) had similar effects , so it may be that he has touched on a general question of morality , rather than a specific one of religion .
However , an experiment carried out by Jesse Bering , of Queen 's University in Belfast , showed quite specifically that the perceived presence of a supernatural being can affect a person 's behaviour — although in this case the being was not God , but the ghost of a dead person .
Illustration by Stephen JeffreyDr Bering , too , likes the hypothesis that religion promotes fitness by promoting collaboration within groups .
One way that might work would be to rely not just on other individuals to detect cheats by noticing things like slacking on the prayers or eating during fasts , but for cheats to detect and police themselves as well .
In that case a sense of being watched by a supernatural being might be useful .
Dr Bering thus proposes that belief in such beings would prevent what he called “ dangerous risk miscalculations ” that would lead to social deviance and reduced fitness .
One of the experiments he did to test this idea was to subject a bunch of undergraduates to a quiz .
His volunteers were told that the best performer among them would receive a $ 50 prize .
They were also told that the computer program that presented the questions had a bug in it , which sometimes caused the answer to appear on the screen before the question .
The volunteers were therefore instructed to hit the space bar immediately if the word “ Answer ” appeared on the screen .
That would remove the answer and ensure the test results were fair .
The volunteers were then divided into three groups .
Two began by reading a note dedicating the test to a recently deceased graduate student .
One did not see the note .
Of the two groups shown the note , one was told by the experimenter that the student 's ghost had sometimes been seen in the room .
The other group was not given this suggestion .
The so - called glitch occurred five times for each student .
Dr Bering measured the amount of time it took to press the space bar on each occasion .
He discarded the first result as likely to be unreliable and then averaged the other four .
He found that those who had been told the ghost story were much quicker to press the space bar than those who had not .
They did so in an average of 4.3 seconds .
That compared with 6.3 seconds for those who had only read the note about the student 's death and 7.2 for those who had not heard any of the story concerning the dead student .
In short , awareness of a ghost — a supernatural agent — made people less likely to cheat .
Who is my neighbour ?
It all sounds very Darwinian .
But there is a catch .
The American communes , the kibbutzim , the students of the University of British Columbia and even the supernatural self - censorship observed by Dr Bering all seem to involve behaviour that promotes the group over the individual .
That is the opposite of Darwinism as conventionally understood .
But it might be explained by an idea that most Darwinians dropped in the 1960s — group selection .
The idea that evolution can work by the differential survival of entire groups of organisms , rather than just of individuals , was rejected because it is mathematically implausible .
But it has been revived recently , in particular by David Sloan Wilson of Binghamton University , in New York , as a way of explaining the evolution of human morality in the context of inter-tribal warfare .
Such warfare can be so murderous that groups whose members fail to collaborate in an individually self - sacrificial way may be wiped out entirely .
This negates the benefits of selfish behaviour within a group .
Morality and religion are often closely connected , of course ( as Dr Norenzayan 's work confirms ) , so what holds for the one might be expected to hold for the other , too .
Dr Wilson himself has studied the relationship between social insecurity and religious fervour , and discovered that , regardless of the religion in question , it is the least secure societies that tend to be most fundamentalist .
That would make sense if adherence to the rules is a condition for the security which comes from membership of a group .
He is also interested in what some religions hold out as the ultimate reward for good behaviour — life after death .
That can promote any amount of self - sacrifice in a believer , up to and including suicidal behaviour — as recent events in the Islamic world have emphasised .
However , belief in an afterlife is not equally well developed in all religions , and he suspects the differences may be illuminating .
That does not mean there are no explanations for religion that are based on individual selection .
For example , Jason Slone , a professor of religious studies at Webster University in St Louis , argues that people who are religious will be seen as more likely to be faithful and to help in parenting than those who are not .
That makes them desirable as mates .
He plans to conduct experiments designed to find out whether this is so .
And , slightly tongue in cheek , Dr Wilson quips that “ secularism is very maladaptive biologically .
We 're the ones who at best are having only two kids .
Religious people are the ones who are n't smoking and drinking , and are living longer and having the health benefits . ”
That quip , though , makes an intriguing point .
Evolutionary biologists tend to be atheists , and most would be surprised if the scientific investigation of religion did not end up supporting their point of view .
But if a propensity to religious behaviour really is an evolved trait , then they have talked themselves into a position where they cannot benefit from it , much as a sceptic cannot benefit from the placebo effect of homeopathy .
Maybe , therefore , it is God who will have the last laugh after all — whether He actually exists or not .
This is kind of important
Any of the things I write on this blog are my own opinions and should be treated as such .
They are neither a reflection on or the opinion of the companies that I work with .
I also do not write posts that have been paid for or requested by employers .
Given all that though , I still hope you enjoy them :)
The ABC network has refused to air an advert produced by Al Gore 's environmental group , ruling that its charge of US government favouritism to the oil industry is too " controversial " for television .
The TV commercial , part of the WE campaign run by Gore 's Alliance for Climate Protection , was submitted for airing after this week 's presidential debate between Barack Obama and John McCain - both of whom have vowed to limit greenhouse gas emissions if elected .
But ABC concluded that the advert violated its internal policy against " controversial " content during network - sponsored programmes , network spokeswoman Julie Hoover told the Guardian .
" All of our advertising is reviewed on a case - by - case basis , and the context of this particular ad was determined not to be acceptable per our policy on controversial issue advertising , " Hoover said .
The WE campaign has since attracted more than 170,000 supporters to an online petition drive asking ABC to reconsider its decision .
The script of the advert is similar in tone to political speeches made by Obama and McCain during the election season .
An unseen narrator states that climate change can be combated through wind and solar power as well as " end[ing ] our dependence on foreign oil " .
Over an image of a young child playing with blocks , the narrator continues : " So why are we still stuck with dirty and expensive energy ?
Because big oil spends hundreds of millions of dollars to block clean energy .
Lobbyists , ads , even scandals .
All to increase their profits , while America suffers . "
An ABC email published on the blog of Grist magazine stated that the advert was rejected due to its split - second shot of the US Capitol building .
" Per our guidelines , national buildings may be used in advertising provided the depictions are incidental to the advertiser 's promotion of the product or service , " the email stated .
" Given the messages and themes of this commercial , the image of the Capital [ sic ] building is not incidental to this advertising . "
Cathy Zoi , chief executive of the WE campaign , called ABC 's decision " outrageous " in light of US networks ' frequent airing of adverts from Chevron , Exxon Mobil and other oil companies .
" As our country faces deep economic problems , we need to be able to have an honest debate about the root causes of our problem , " Zoi wrote in an email to supporters of Gore 's group on Wednesday .
To build publicity for their products , American companies often produce TV adverts with content that pushes the limits of broadcast standards .
A Snickers commercial featuring two men embarrassed after sharing a kiss was pulled from the US airwaves last year after complaints from gay - rights groups .
But rejection of an advert from a non -profit group is a far more rare occurrence .
At the height of the US controversy over same - sex marriage in 2004 , CBS and NBC turned down a commercial from the United Church of Christ that touted its acceptance of gay congregants .
Governor sues controller to force pay cuts SACRAMENTO
He wants a judge to force Chiang to implement order
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger talks to reporters before signing an executive order eliminating 22,000 part - time and temporary positions and ordered that up to 200,000 state workers receive the federal minimum wage during a news conference at the Capitol in Sacramento , Calif. , on Thursday , July 31 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Steve Yeater ) less California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger talks to reporters before signing an executive order eliminating 22,000 part - time and temporary positions and ordered that up to 200,000 state workers receive the ... more Photo : Steve Yeater , AP Photo : Steve Yeater , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Governor sues controller to force pay cuts 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger sued state Controller John Chiang on Monday after he refused to follow the governor 's order to slash pay for thousands of state workers to federal minimum wage as a cash - saving measure during the budget impasse .
The governor 's suit asks a judge to force the controller to impose the pay cuts until a budget is enacted , because Schwarzenegger 's administration cannot wait for Chiang to comply with the governor 's recent order , Lynelle Jolley , a spokeswoman for the Department of Personnel Administration , said .
But Chiang on Monday criticized Schwarzenegger 's lawsuit as a misguided attempt to make the controller do something that is not feasible in such a short amount of time .
" Rather than focus on building consensus for a budget that addresses California 's long - term fiscal problems , the governor seems adamant on picking a fight over whether state employees are entitled to the wages they have worked for and earned , " Chiang said in a written statement .
Schwarzenegger on July 31 ordered pay cuts for thousands of state workers to $ 6.55 an hour , ordered the layoffs of more than 10,000 employees , eliminated overtime and imposed a hiring freeze .
The measures are required to help stave off a looming cash shortage in the absence of a budget that was due when California began a new fiscal year on July 1 , Schwarzenegger said .
But the Republican governor 's controversial order has run into legal , political and administrative challenges .
Service Employees International Union Local 1000 , the largest state worker 's union with about 94,000 members , has filed two lawsuits against the governor in Sacramento Superior Court and filed a third complaint with the state Public Employment Relations Board .
Clark Kelso , the court - appointed federal receiver responsible for fixing the state prison 's health care system , surprised the Schwarzenegger administration by saying he is exempting most of the employees in state prisons from the governor 's pay cut order .
Chiang , a Democrat , declared his defiance of the governor immediately after some newspapers , including The Chronicle , reported Schwarzenegger was about to issue an executive order aiming to slash state worker 's pay .
The dispute between the controller and the governor is a replay of 2003 , under then - Gov. Gray Davis , when the state Supreme Court issued a precedent - setting ruling that left some questions unanswered .
The court unanimously decided state workers who are paid by the hour and do n't work overtime are entitled only to the federal minimum wage if the state begins a new fiscal year without a budget .
However , the Supreme Court did n't resolve the argument raised by then - controller Steve Westly that the controller has the authority to continue paying all state employees in full even without a budget because it would be too difficult to temporarily reduce their wages .
Chiang 's office , which has been reiterating that argument , emphasized that point again on Monday in a letter to the administration , saying that changing the state 's payroll system is not something to be taken lightly .
" If they are not performed thoughtfully and accurately , the system changes could subject the state to further litigation and unnecessary costs , " Don Scheppmann , Chiang 's chief of personnel and payroll services division wrote .
Written by Sev1512
Just announced on the PlayStation Blog , the Far Cry 2 “ Home space ” is launching today in the PlayStation Home Closed Beta .
This is great news , it shows that not only are 3rd party developers on board with PlayStation Home , but that they have already been working on their spaces .
SOURCE
DIGG THIS
Dear IVAW ,
After my article on LewRockwell.com ( " Young Marine Speaks Out " ) , I was approached by members of your organization .
They saw in my words a kindred antiwar spirit .
I told those who contacted me that I could n't and would n't become a part of your organization .
At the time I was worried that I ’d receive more harassment from the Marine Corps if I joined an antiwar organization .
Today , a day after I have been discharged from the Marine Corps , I have a much better reason why I would not and will not join your organization .
Your recent DNC convention protest march in Denver ( my hometown ) is the reason .
At this march , an official of yours , Liam Madden , crossed the police riot line and had a shadowy meeting with Sen.
Obama ’s campaign officials .
Apparently at this meeting , the campaign official assured Mr. Madden and the rest of the IVAW protesters that Sen .
Obama would be in compliance with the three unity points .
For some reason your organization seems to support the Democrats , and now their candidate , Sen. Obama , as the antiwar party and candidate .
This baffles me .
Perhaps you do n't know your history .
President Bill Clinton sent many of our brothers and sisters into harm 's way and billions of dollars worth of bombs onto the heads of Somalians , Serbs , Sudanese , and Iraqis while he was in office .
He was a Democrat and he was no antiwar president .
Before him President Roosevelt ( FDR ) drove us into WWII .
His successor , Harry Truman , got us involved in the bloodstained Korean conflict .
JFK was the original president to send " military advisors " to South Vietnam and began our quagmire there .
They were all Democrats .
Then the Republicans started the Iraq war with Democratic Congressional support , and in 2006 the Democrats ran as the " antiwar " party and won the midterm elections by a healthy margin .
You hoped that this would change the direction of our war ; you thought the corner was turned .
Turns out nothing changed .
President Bush got whatever money he wanted ( and in some cases more ) from the Democrat - controlled Congress .
After all that antiwar rhetoric , including words from Sen.
Obama , it turns out that the Democratic party is not at all antiwar — or perhaps they are just spineless .
Either way , your apparent support of the Democratic party and of Sen. Obama is reprehensible .
I know who you are , I have served with you in conditions that we still can't speak or write about .
I believe in your three points of unity and strongly support them , but putting your trust in the Democratic party and Sen .
Obama is terribly misguided , as history shows us .
You had courage and fortitude when you served in Iraq ; get it back here , stateside , and support a true antiwar candidate , please .
I 'd suggest a man like Ron Paul , or even Dennis Kucinich .
But never support a prowar party and candidate .
Former US Marine and Iraq War Veteran , Philip Martin
September 1 , 2008
The Best of Philip Martin
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday November 28 2008
In the article below , we describe the geophysicist Professor Syun - Ichi Akasofu as a founding director of the Heartland Institute .
In fact he has never held any formal position with the US thinktank .
The Republican Sarah Palin and her officials in the Alaskan state government drew on the work of at least six scientists known to be sceptical about the dangers and causes of global warming , to back efforts to stop polar bears being protected as an endangered species , the Guardian can disclose .
Some of the scientists were funded by the oil industry .
In official submissions to the US government 's consultation on the status of the polar bear , Palin and her team referred to at least six scientists who have questioned either the existence of warming as a largely man-made phenomenon or its severity .
One paper was partly funded by the US oil company ExxonMobil .
The status of the polar bear has become a battleground in the debate on global warming .
In May the US department of the interior rejected Palin 's objections and listed the bear as a threatened species , saying that two - thirds of the world 's polar bears were likely to be extinct by 2050 due to the rapid melting of the sea ice .
Palin , governor of Alaska and the Republican nominee for US vice - president , responded last month by suing the federal government , to try to overturn the ruling .
The case will be heard in January .
Though the state of Alaska has no polar bear specialists on its staff , the governor 's stance has pitted it against the combined scientific fire - power of the US Fish and Wildlife Service , the US Geological Survey , and world experts on the mammal .
In its lawsuit , Alaska said it opposed the endangered label partly because the listing would " deter activities such as ... oil and gas exploration and development " .
Oil companies recently bid $ 2.7bn ( £ 1.5 bn ) for rights to explore the Chuckchi sea , an established polar bear habitat .
The threatened species status might also impede the building of an Alaskan natural gas pipeline , which Palin has called the " will of God " .
In a letter last year to the US interior secretary , Dirk Kempthorne , she said she believed the polar bear population was " abundant , stable and unthreatened by direct human activity " .
She opposed the call for the listing because it " did not use the best available scientific and commercial information " .
Her own Alaskan review of the science drew on a joint paper by seven authors , four of whom were well - known climate - change contrarians .
Her paper argued that it was " certainly premature , if not impossible " to link temperature rise in Alaska with human CO2 emissions .
The paper , entitled Polar Bears of Western Hudson Bay and Climate Change , has been criticised for relying on old research and ignoring evidence that Arctic sea-ice is melting at a quickening pace .
Walt Meier , a world authority on sea ice , based at the National Snow and Ice Data Centre , said : " The paper does n't measure up scientifically . "
One co-author of the paper , Willie Soon , completed the study with funding from ExxonMobil - which has oil operations in Alaska 's North Slope - as well as from the American Petroleum Institute .
Soon was a former senior scientist with the George C Marshall Institute , which acts as an incubator for climate - change scepticism .
The institute has received $ 715,000 in funding from ExxonMobil since 1998 .
In May , ExxonMobil announced that it was no longer funding Marshall and other groups linked with contrarian views .
It said this was to avoid " distraction from the need to provide energy while reducing greenhouse gas emissions " and stressed that the company did not " control the research itself " .
Another co-author of the document was Sallie Baliunas .
In 2003 she and Soon were criticised when it was revealed that a joint paper had been partially funded by the American Petroleum Institute .
Thirteen scientists whom they cited issued a rebuttal and several editors of the journal Climate Research resigned because of the " flawed peer review " .
A third co-author of the polar bear study , David Legates , a professor at Delaware University , is also associated with the Marshall Institute .
The citation by Palin and her officials prompted complaints from Congress .
One member , Brad Miller , dubbed the polar bear study phony science .
Palin told Miller : " Attempts to discredit scientists ... simply because their analyses do not agree with your views , would be a disservice to this country . "
Miller now says that Palin 's use of the paper shows she differs greatly from John McCain , the Republican presidential contender , who has pressed for scientific integrity .
" Turning to the cottage industry of scientists who are funded because they spread doubt about global warming is not integrity , " Miller said .
Palin 's submission consulted J Scott Armstrong , a specialist in forecasting , who regards the global warming issue as " public hysteria " .
Two other contrarian scholars were cited .
One was Syun - Ichi Akasofu , formerly director of the International Arctic Research Centre , in Alaska , who argues that climate change could be a hangover from the little ice age .
He is a founding director of the Heartland Institute , a thinktank that has received $ 676,500 from ExxonMobil since 1998 .
Timothy Ball , a retired professor from Winnipeg , is cited for his climate and polar bear research .
He has called human - made global warming " the greatest deception in the history of science " .
He has worked with both Friends of Science , and the Natural Resources Stewardship Project , which each had funding from energy firms .
Kert Davies , research director at Greenpeace US , said the state of Alaska under Palin 's leadership had relied on scholars who argue the opposite view to that of the overwhelming consensus in the scientific community .
" It shows that she is completely out of touch with the urgency of the climate crisis . "
Last month Palin agreed that the Alaskan climate was changing but added : " I 'm not one though who would attribute it to being man-made . "
She later tried to retract the statement .
Neurons in the sound - processing part of the brain 's cortex are experts at timing .
With remarkable precision , they fire electrochemical pulses or " spikes " in sync with the cues they receive from other neurons , even when these cues are separated by very small time intervals .
A team of neuroscientists at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory ( CSHL ) , studying this phenomenon in rats , has demonstrated that " spike timing " in cortical neurons can influence behavior even at minuscule time intervals , more precise than previously imagined .
Experiments focusing on the auditory cortex revealed that animals in the midst of decision - making have the ability to distinguish incoming signals separated by as little as three milliseconds .
Probing the relation of neuronal firing rates and behavior
The finding , published ahead of print October 12 in the online edition of Nature Neuroscience , adds to the current understanding of how neuronal activity in the brain 's cortex modulates behavior .
According to the standard model of cortical activity , behavior is thought to be determined by the rate of spiking -- the number of spikes occurring within a given interval .
The CSHL team , led by Professor Anthony Zador , Ph.D. , wanted to determine whether spike timing had any impact on decision - making and measure the shortest decision - driving interval between spikes .
Zador 's group designed an experiment in which rats were trained to behaviorally distinguish between two sounds .
When placed in a cage with two water outlets , the rats were trained to turn either to the left or to the right waterspout depending on the sound .
The sounds were then replaced by electrical impulses delivered directly to two spatially separated groups of neurons in the auditory cortex .
The animals were then re-trained so that simultaneous stimulation of both groups of neurons spurred the animal toward the left waterspout , whereas sequential stimulation of the neuron bundles led the animal to the right waterspout .
The rats consistently homed to the right waterspout until the timing between the two sequential stimuli narrowed to below 3 milliseconds .
" This suggests that the cortex is capable of ' reading out ' very precise nuances in spike timing to drive behavior , " says Zador .
Deciphering the " Neural Code "
The group 's discovery helps make the case for an alternate theory of how the brain processes information .
Neuroscientists have made vast leaps in understanding how neurons communicate with each other in the brain .
But they are still in the dark about what the neuron - to - neuron message actually consists of and how it 's processed .
Known as the " neural code , " this blueprint for the brain 's information - processing language has proved to be much more elusive than language that is encoded in our genome , which was deciphered decades ago .
The prevailing theory behind the neural code is based on the observation that neurons spike faster when they are transmitting information .
This supports a " rate " code model , which stipulates that information is contained within the spiking rate of the neuron .
But the CSHL team 's new data suggest that the neural code might actually be a " timing " code , where information is encoded within the precise pattern of spiking – something that can be deduced by examining how the spikes are distributed over time .
Zador explains the difference between the two possibilities by likening the brain to an office and neurons to the people working in the office .
" If lots of people are talking within each department in a company , you might get a good idea of what 's going on in the company by just measuring how loudly people are talking within a given department , which is what the classical ' rate ' model predicts , " he says .
But as Zador also observes , conversation is not just about loudness ; it 's also about the identity of the speakers , their speech patterns , etc .
" Our results demonstrate directly that there is more to this ' office ' than just how loudly people are talking , and motivate us to try to figure out what that extra dimension is , " he says .
He and his CSHL team will continue to probe for the answers as their work on this and related mysteries about neural communication continues .
Citation : " Millisecond - scale differences in neural activity in auditory cortex can drive decisions " appeared October 12 , 2008 as an advance online publication in Nature Neuroscience .
The complete citation is : Yang Yang , Michael R DeWeese , Gonzalo Otazu , Anthony M Zador .
The paper is available online at www.nature.com/neuro/journal/v … ent/abs/nn.2211.html
Source : Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory
Explore further Researchers demonstrate how deep learning can advance study of neural degeneration
A new administration , a new agenda for sexual and reproductive health and rights advocates .
What 's new ?
What 's changed ?
What are we still fighting for after all these years and how can a new leader make the greatest impact on women 's health and lives globally ?
Ask the average American their thoughts on the economy , the effects of the leadership over the last eight years , and what needs to be done to remedy the fiscal spiral we ’ve wound up with and they ’ll likely ramble off any number of opinions related to the yo- yoing stock market , home foreclosures , or progressive taxation vs. tax cuts for all .
We ’re now a nation of economists and we all know which policies we want put in place in the coming weeks and months , after a new administration is voted in .
Pose a similar question to the average American about reproductive and sexual health care and , though these issues affect every American just as deeply as the economy , it ’s doubtful you ’d get much more than a tirade on their anti- or pro-choice perspectives on abortion .
The reality of both our current economic and sexual and reproductive health and rights ( SRHR ) situations , however , is that we have a tough uphill climb ahead of us and the best thing we can do right now is to strategize on how we ’re going to find a way to fix much of what went wrong under the Bush administration and , for most of the eight years , a Republican , anti-choice Congress .
From impeding access to contraception in the U.S. and abroad to chipping away at a woman ’s legal right to abortion to stagnant and disastrous rates of maternal mortality in this country , the United States has been anything but a leader on SRHR over the last eight years .
Women ’s reproductive and sexual health have hardly been the focus of this presidential campaign season , either ( beyond the media frenzy over John McCain ’s thoughtlessness at putting the words " women ’s health " in air quotes during the final debate ) .
But there has been a key difference in this election from previous ones that may signal a new approach to reproductive and sexual health issues by the federal government .
Senator Obama has worked hard to broaden the conversation to include a focus on solid pregnancy and STI prevention strategies and comprehensive sexual health education , in an attempt to expand the conversation beyond the tired pro/anti choice discussion that ultimately does little to improve health outcomes or women ’s lives in any way .
Whether this new dialogue provides enough energy for a new administration to advance a reproductive health agenda that will make a more profound difference in the health and lives of women , men and families in the U.S. and globally remains to be seen .
Of course , the potential for change depends in many ways on which candidate takes office come January 2009 .
Regardless , reproductive health advocates are gearing up to make a strong call for change from the reproductive and sexual health policies and rhetoric carried through by the current presidential administration and urging a new administration – whomever is at the helm – to take concrete steps to prioritize theses critical issues in the first few days , weeks and months .
Some of these issues will be a " harder ask " than others , according to Heather Boonstra at The Guttmacher Institute .
" All of these priorities are important and the right thing to do but some are easier to get done than others . "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Ensuring Women Globally Have the Same Access to Care U.S. Women Do ( or Wish They Did )
There is no doubt that of the array of restrictions the Bush administration has placed on access to reproductive and sexual health care for women around the world , two of the most damaging have been the reinstatement of the Global Gag Rule and the barring of funds to UNFPA ( United Nations Population Fund ) .
President Bush initiated both restrictions upon taking office ( the Global Gag Rule , however , is an executive order first put in place by President Reagan ) and both compromise or outright deny funds for family planning services abroad .
The Global Gag Rule ( GGR ) forces family planning health centers in developing nations ( sometimes the only source of healthcare for women and their families available ) to censor any discussion about safe abortion in their own centers and even prevents those centers from using their own money to advocate for safe abortion laws , or refer for abortion or abortion related services .
If they do not abide by this rule , they are not eligible for the U.S. family planning funds so critical to their sustainability .
Heather at Guttmacher says that if Obama is elected her organization is " hoping that on his first day in office , the gag rule would be overturned by executive order .
That ’s a high priority for us . "
More than 170 countries contributed to UNFPA , a fund that supports voluntary family planning and promotes maternal health in 150 countries , in 2007 .
The United States has not contributed a dime since 2001 .
President Bush has instructed Congress to withhold the funds our representatives allocate every year .
Tens of thousands of women around the world could have benefited from the U.S. support that in reality would go for reproductive health services like contraception , prenatal care and HIV / AIDS prevention tools .
By censoring health care providers in other parts of the world and withholding funds to global governing bodies that do so much to improve women ’s health and lives , the United States is also making a statement to the rest of the world – that our government places politics above women ’s health and lives .
According to Adrienne Germain , president of the International Women ’s Health Coalition ( IWHC ) , " lifting the GGR and refinancing or once again funding UNFPA … are not simply important in their own right but they are symbolically , critically important in terms of letting the world know that in the first instance the US will not deny women in other country rights that U.S. women have .
In regards to UNFPA , it would be a clear signal that we ’re rejoining the rest of the world in supporting the lead UN agency in supporting reproductive health and rights .
They are much more than single actions in and of themselves . "
Promoting Science Over Ideology : Abstinence - Only Out , Comprehensive Sex Ed In
One of the complaints most frequently aimed at the Bush administration by scientists , scholars , health care providers and advocates is over the administration ’s adherence to ideology above , and sometimes in place of , evidence - based science and medicine .
Despite the government ’s own reports that reveal the failure of abstinence only programs , for example , the federal government has poured over $ 1 billion into such programs over the last eight years .
Numerous studies by public health experts , scholars and scientists have shown abstinence - only programs to be ineffective and in some cases dangerous ( see video on right ) by providing false and misleading information to young people on pregnancy and STI prevention tools .
It is a top priority , therefore , for reproductive health advocacy organizations that the next administration not only immediately de-fund abstinence - only programs but to " invest in the good programs " as Guttmacher ’s Heather Boonstra calls them – the programs that have been proven to work .
The Center for Reproductive Rights says that one of their three top priorities for a new administration is " promoting reproductive health policies that are guided by science and not ideology . "
The National Partnership for Women & Families ’ Marilyn Keefe tells me that it ’s not just about getting rid of the abstinence - only program money for good .
It ’s about " giving young people the information they need to keep themselves safe . "
Guttmacher Institute , for example , does n’t see comprehensive sex-education as simply education that includes information on contraception and STI prevention tools .
Comprehensive sex-ed , says Boonstra , is education that addresses healthy relationships , parent / child communication , empowering young women and men in their relationships and violence reduction .
" All of that is really important , " Boonstra tells me .
" And we ’ll have to do a lot of thinking about …how best to ensure that there is a pot of money available . "
She reminds us , however , that once again it ’s not just about the money .
Money at the federal level will make it possible but a lot of work will need to go into encouraging states to " do the right thing .
There will need to be work on both ends to make communities receptive . "
The call for a new administration to re-prioritize evidence - based science over ideology may also rear its head in the discussion over access to emergency contraception for women of all ages .
The Center for Reproductive Rights , among its top priorities , wants to address " the FDA ’s refusing to make Plan B available without a prescription to women of all ages even though its own scientific review staff recommended as much . "
Women ’s access to emergency contraception , a safe and effective form of birth control , has been hampered by the Bush administration from its approval process by the FDA to the pharmacy counter today .
Advocates are calling on a new administration to ensure that EC is included in guidelines for hospital treatment of sexual assault survivors , as well as made available to military women ( something that has been blocked by the Bush administration ) .
Prevention , Prevention – Did We Mention Prevention ?
Senator Obama has framed reproductive health and rights in a way that links together the clear , proven cause and effect relationship between prevention , education , and governmental and personal responsibility .
This perspective is especially important when it comes to funding domestic pubic health programs .
The number of women in need of publicly - funded contraception is increasing .
Considering the current economic crisis , it ’s likely to skyrocket .
The Title X program is our country ’s most successful public health program to date – it provides much needed preventive health services to nearly five million low - income and uninsured women ( and men ) each year .
And it ’s cost effective .
According to the Guttmacher Institute , for every $ 1.00 spent to provide services through publicly funded family planning clinics around the country , $ 4.02 is saved in Medicaid expenses .
But the unfortunate reality is that this program has not been funded to keep up with inflation or with the increased demand for services .
Marilyn Keefe tells me that funding for Title X " deserves a big boost .
These are economically difficult times on one hand .
But on the other hand , this program is cost effective .
A new administration should feel good about making a greater investment in that program . "
While it is currently funded at $ 300 million / year , Title X should be funded at over $ 700 million / year if it is to keep up with inflation .
The call to increase and expand federally funded family planning programs from the reproductive health advocacy community is rooted in clear data that shows how these programs can prevent half a million unintended pregnancies per year .
" Based on our own data , lower income women have a harder time preventing unintended pregnancies than higher income .
It ’s why their abortion rates are higher as well , " says Heather Boonstra .
In response to the above , the National Partnership for Women and Families wants a new administration to change the eligibility for Medicaid ’s family planning programs in order to expand coverage and make more women eligible .
It ’s a priority Guttmacher shares , says Boonstra : " We ’re zeroing in on expanding Medicaid coverage so that women who are not just poor but low - income , who might be above the poverty level but still have a hard time affording contraceptives , have coverage . "
Most of these prevention strategies are addressed in a comprehensive bill called The Prevention First Act , yet to be signed into law , co-sponsored by Senator Obama .
Safe Abortion = Improving Maternal Health and Lifting Restrictions
Though most Americans would n’t know it from tuning into mainstream media news coverage of the election , reproductive health advocates are a ) concerned about much more than just safe abortion and b ) extremely concerned about safe abortion as it relates to ensuring the safety and well - being of mothers here and in the rest of the world .
Approximately 70,000 women a year die from complications from unsafe abortions .
It is crucial for women ’s health and lives that safe and legal abortion access is prioritized by a new administration .
Clearly , the candidates hold polarized perspectives on the issue .
Optimistically , Keefe says that advocates will continue to fight restrictions , if need be , that bar particular populations of women from accessing abortion services .
The restriction on many advocates ’ list is the Hyde Amendment – a law that bars federal funds from being used to subsidize abortion care ( and as such essentially makes abortion completely inaccessible for low - income women who may rely on Medicaid for their health care coverage , Native American women , and women in federal prisons ) .
Overturning the Hyde Amendment will be a " hard road " says Boonstra but still , it ’s at the top of Guttmacher ’s list of priorities for a new administration to address .
Banning public funding for abortion services has created undue obstacles for low income women who have the legal right to abortion as bestowed upon all women in the U.S. in Roe v. Wade .
Keefe is particularly frustrated that in Washington DC , where she lives , taxpayers cannot spend their own tax dollars on abortion because of the ban on public funding for abortion services .
The Hyde Amendment has kept safe and legal abortion out of reach for so many American women simply because they do n’t have the means to pay out - of - pocket for a procedure .
Just as illegal abortion endangers women ’s health and lives around the world , this undue obstacle to care does the same thing here in the United States .
Advocates will also look toward removing bans on abortion at military facilities , a restriction that has serious implications for our female soldiers who have no recourse when faced with an unintended pregnancy and are stationed either in the U.S. or overseas without the ability to travel to a non-military hospital .
Judging A New Administration
" Appointing federal judges committed to supporting established Constitutional rights " is at the top of the Center for Reproductive Rights ’ priority list for a new administration .
For example , they say , right now , only four of nine Supreme Court Justices have expressed clear support for Roe v. Wade .
And while there is debate , even among the reproductive health and rights community , about the likelihood of whether , or when , Roe v.
Wade will be overturned , it is clear that judicial nominations can and already have tipped the balance dangerously far in one direction on the constitutionality of Roe v. Wade and about related court cases like Gonzales vs. Carhart ( on the Partial Birth Abortion Ban ) .
There are also judicial appointments to lower courts that can and do have as much impact on the laws that govern women ’s access to health care .
Advocates will be eyeing these closely as well .
A new president will also have the opportunity to appoint leaders to key positions related to a range of reproductive and sexual health and rights issues to his cabinet . " … for us to be effective and accomplish what I ’ve suggested , we have to consider the appointments , " says Adrienne Germain .
" You must have people you can work with – this is a big one and there are fifty positions that are key for reproductive and international health . "
The truth is that reproductive and sexual health advocates juggle many balls at once and it ’s not easy to keep them all in the air at once .
In addition to the priorities addressed , there are so many other funding priorities of prime importance if this nation is to deal with some of our most disastrous and pressing health issues .
The United States ranks 30th in the world in preventing maternal death with most causes of death preventable or treatable , if only we expanded health care coverage to all Americans or if we had the dedicated infrastructure and funding streams to address health care disparities according to race , ethnicity , and socio-economic status .
Reproductive health advocates have all of this and more – much more – on their agenda about which they will press a new administration .
But Adrienne Germain reminds us that , in fact , in the midst of an economic crisis there is much this country , under a new president , can do to cement our dedication to improving women ’s health and lives globally and here at home , unrelated to money and budget levels .
From " planning and preparing the new administration to take very clear policy positions in global forums , " says Germain , that signal a return to a strong commitment to reproductive health and rights that 174 countries made together in Cairo in 1994 , to providing guidance on how global AIDS funding can and should be spent , it ’s crucial that the United States return to its leadership role on the global stage .
" One reason I ’m emphasizing these areas that do n’t cost money is because I ’m really worried about this fiscal crisis and what it might mean for levels of foreign aid , " says Germain .
" [ IWHC ] will be fighting as hard as we can for foreign assistance allocations to sexual and reproductive health and rights .
However , I think we may find we ’re facing a really difficult battle and I ’d just like everybody to keep sight of the fact that there are significant steps a new administration can take regardless of budget levels . "
A new sexual and reproductive health and rights agenda for a new administration will not only require a commitment to new policies and funding of programs .
A new administration has the power to reinstate the United States as a health and rights leader for women , men , and children globally .
In order for that to be attainable , reproductive health advocates say , the United States must come to the table with a new sexual and reproductive health and rights message ( " We see up front and close the power the U.S. wields whether or not there is money at the table .
It is of enormous significance , " says Germain ) .
It ’s a message that must be clear in its conviction to tackle the world ’s most pressing SRHR needs free from ideological imperatives , a message that conveys , as Germain says , that with a new administration the United States is rejoining a world that must support women ’s health and rights .
How do you get the design you want ?
The perfect design you envision in your head ? …
The design brief is the answer .
Whether you are a designer or a client , an effective design brief is the single most critical factor in ensuring that a project is successful .
This article will tell you how to write an effective design brief that will be both beneficial to the client and the designer .
This article will be based from the client ’s perspective .
What Is A Design Brief ?
First off , you may want to know what a design brief is .
A design brief is something that is vital to any design project as it will provide the designer (s ) with all the information needed to exceed your expectations .
A design brief should primarily focus on the results and outcomes of the design and the business objectives of the design project .
It should not attempt to deal with the aesthetics of design …
That is the responsibility of the designer .
The design brief also allows you ( the client ) to focus on exactly what you want to achieve before any work starts on the project .
A good design brief will ensure that you get a high quality design that meets your needs , providing you have chosen the right designer .
How To Write An Effective Design Brief
If you answer these questions below in an ordered and detailed fashion , your design brief will be 90 % done … the other 10 % will come from further questions from the designer after you submit your brief .
Have fun answering the questions and remember , provide as much detail as possible !
This does not mean one line answers .
What does your business do ?
Tip :
Never assume that the designer will know anything about your company .
Be clear and concise and avoid jargon when replying .
What does your company / organisation do ?
What is your company ’s history ?
What are the goals ?
Why ?
What is the overall goal of the new design project ?
What are you trying to communicate and why ?
Are you trying to sell more products or get awareness of your product / service ?
How do you differ from your competitors ?
D o you want to completely reinvent yourself or are you simply updating your promotional material ?
Tip :
You should also provide old promotional material to assist the designer .
Who is the target market ?
What are your target market ’s demographics & psychographics ?
ie . the age , gender , income , tastes , views , attitudes , employment , geography , lifestyle of those you want to reach .
Tip :
If you have multiple audiences , rank them in terms of importance .
What copy ( text ) and pictures are needed ?
Tip :
The copy and pictures used in a design are as crucial as the design itself and you should clearly state who is going to be providing the copy and pictures if needed .
You may need to look into getting a professional copywriter / photographer – ask your designer for some recommendations .
What copy needs to be included in the design ?
Who is providing the copy ?
What pictures / photographs / diagrams etc need to be used ?
Who is providing these ?
What are the specifications ?
What size is the design going to be ?
Where is it going to be printed / used ?
The web , business cards , stationery , on your car ?
What other information should the designer know in regards to specifications ?
Have you got a benchmark in mind ?
You should provide the designer with some examples of what you consider to be effective or relevant design even if it is from your main competitors .
This will set a benchmark for your designer .
Provide the designer with things not to do , and styles that you do not like or wish to see in your design .
This will give the designer an idea of what to avoid and will avoid disappointment on your behalf .
What Is Your Budget ?
Providing a budget prevents designers wasting valuable time and resources when trying to maximise your budget .
Providing the budget upfront also allows designers to know if the project is going to be worthwhile to complete .
Make sure you are worth their time .
What is the time scale / deadline ?
Give the designer a detailed schedule of the project and set a realistic deadline for the completion of the work .
You should take into account the various stages of the design project such as consultation , concept development , production and delivery .
Tip : Rushing design jobs helps no one and mistakes can be made if a complex job is pushed through without time to review , however , there are times when a rush job is needed , and in these cases you should be honest and upfront about it .
Tips For The Designer
As a designer it is important to have a template such as this one to give to clients as clients will not always come to you with a design brief – feel free to use this one as you please .
By having a template ready , it shows them your professionalism and ultimately saves them ( and you ) a lot of time and money .
Do you have any more tips of what should be in a design brief ?
Leave them in the comments below .
John McCain and Barack Obama respond to questions from debate moderator Bob Schieffer at their final head - to - head .
Fact - checking : Does anyone care ?
The debate had barely concluded when ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos threw it over to reporter John Berman at the network 's " fact check desk " in Washington .
" One of the more telling things in this debate was Joe the Plumber , " Berman chimed in , " but as you noted , his name was Joe Wurzelbacher .
John McCain got it wrong , calling him Joe Wurzelberger .
And that was just the beginning . "
Advertisement
Oh , yes it was , and the question has become :
Has the drumbeat of fact - checks blended into white noise , letting significant misstatements and deceptions get lost in the mix ?
In Philadelphia , the quibblers at the Annenberg Public Policy Center 's Factcheck.org had posted five corrections on its " FactCheck Wire " ( slogan : " Faster than the speed of spin " ) by the end of the debate .
By 10:44 p.m. , the Washington Post 's blog " The Fact Checker " had checked in with 13 entries from the debate .
And even though the server had gone down at PolitFact.com , the crew pumped out corrections and castigations on a frantic Twitter feed .
In all , the fact - checking was flying last night , as it has been throughout the campaign , albeit with limited impact on the candidates , who have continued to raise many of the same claims on which the watchmen have cast doubt .
" The one thing I worry about is by doing it the way we do it , putting up articles one after another , we reinforce the notion that all politicians are liars and it does n’t matter who gets elected , " said Brooks Jackson , director of Factcheck.org , which launched in 2003 and was the sole independent site keeping an eye on campaign dictum in the last presidential election .
" In 2004 , Factcheck.org was considered [ the ] authority , " said a senior McCain aide , who was provided by the campaign to speak about fact - checking on a not - for - attribution basis .
He said he would " love to see it get back " to " fewer " fact - checking arms .
" It ’s reaching a level of ridiculousness that demands some reconsideration of the role fact - checking should play , " the aide said .
Tom Rosenstiel of the Project for Excellence in Journalism said " politicians have become more assertive in challenging the press ” and fact - checkers , at times even challenging their veracity .
While the fact - checkers have routinely discredited Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's claim that " I said thanks but no thanks " to the bridge to nowhere , the campaign has stood by it .
" I would think the answer to that is the basics they are using on fact and standard are not accurate , " said the McCain aide .
" We have put out , on numerous times , memos saying ultimately the final choice on the Bridge to Nowhere came down to Gov. Palin . "
He added that the campaign will " continue using that " assertion .
As another example of what he saw as the subjective considerations of the purportedly objective fact - checkers , he pointed to Factcheck.org outright mocking a Mitt Romney ad that offered the figurative claim that the next 10 years would bring more change than the last 1,000 .
" We ’re so hyper about fact - checking , " the McCain aide said , " that you have candidates actually curtailing what they believe they can tell the American people . "
Factcheck.org ’s
Jackson says the fact - checker ’s mission is to put the facts out there and “ let the chips falls where they may . ”
“ In theory , that can be a problem for us , ” he said .
“ If only one candidate was distorting facts , we would look awfully biased .
So far , it ’s not a problem , although at the time [ Rudy ] Giuliani came along , we began to wonder . ”
The Washington Post ’s Michael Dobbs recalls a particular wrangle with camp Giuliani over a radio ad that claimed that only 44 percent of people with prostate cancer in England survive under their system of " socialized medicine . "
" I talked to people at NIH and the National Cancer Institute and they told me that his statistics were flawed , " Dobbs said .
He awarded Giuliani a " four Pinocchio " rating for the claim , noting in a blog post that " the mayor seems to be making a habit of making sweeping statements with little or no factual support . ”
The Giuliani campaign “ found that shocking , ” said Dobbs , “ that a reporter would decide on his own authority which side is on the truth .
I think it ’s taken some getting used to . ”
" For too long we were timid about fact - checking because we felt that calling something false would open us up to a charge of bias , " said Bill Adair , the St. Petersburg Times Washington bureau chief and editor of PolitiFact.com .
" Factcheck.org has had a long history , back to 2004 and 2006 , " said Mindy Finn , chief online strategist for Mitt Romney 's campaign .
" I think it is highly respected and [ its ] people seem to be fair overall .
I think one of the challenges with more fact - check sites out there , they tend to compete , and like any other kind of media , they are competing for eyeballs and there can be a problem with that . "
" It is becoming wallpaper , " says Republican strategist Alex Castellanos , echoing a sentiment shared by both of this year 's presidential campaigns .
" After a while , you get enough of a pattern on the wall you do n’t even know it ’s there . "
“ Are we succeeding in penetrating the electorate and getting people to understand what is true and not ?
I do n’t know the answer to that one , " Adair said .
" I think we ’ve done a great job in getting it out , and I do a lot of TV and radio , and the Web traffic is way , way up , so I believe there is more opportunity for people to see this stuff . ”
Factcheck.org , for example , has averaged 200,000 daily unique visitors to its site since Sep. 1 , and peaked at nearly three times that many the day after the vice presidential debate .
The McCain aide points out , though , that the majority of facts checked receive limited attention unless they are seized upon by one of the campaigns .
In this way , Castellanos says , fact - checkers “ feed the effect they are trying to mitigate .
They become bumper stickers for use in campaign ads . ”
The usefulness of the fact - checkers , cited selectively of course , is a rare point of agreement between the campaigns .
" To the extent that you can say , ' you do n't need to take my word for it , take the word of a bunch of smart guys that have no motive other than getting the facts right , ' it helps make your case , " said Obama spokesman Hari Sevugan .
The McCain aide agreed , saying " there is nothing better than quoting Factcheck.org or PolitiFact . "
McCain / Palin Campaign Attempts to Stall , Smear Legislators for Troopergate investigation
From a Alaska Democratic
Party press release
Alaska Democratic Party Chair Patti Higgins today released the following statement :
" The investigation of Troopergate was approved by a unanimous bipartisan 12 - 0 vote of the Legislative Council .
Eight ( 8 ) of those votes were by Republican legislators , four ( 4 ) were by Democrats .
The investigation was called for in July , more than a month before anyone knew Sarah Palin was being picked to run for Vice President .
Governor Palin agreed to cooperate with the investigation , and publicly said she supported it .
What has changed ?
The partisan presidential campaign of McCain / Palin has interfered and is picking partisan targets to smear in order to make this investigation look like something it is n't .
The Vote last Friday to subpoena the Governor 's husband and 12 executive branch employees and contractors was also bipartisan ( 3 - 2 ) with Sen.
Charlie Huggins , R - Mat
Su , voting to issue subpoenas .
Rather than cooperating with the investigation , the Republican presidential campaign is doing everything it can to stall and smear . "
By Bernard Weiner , The Crisis Papers
As I write this , things are looking good for an Obama victory , perhaps one of huge proportions .
But well aware of the GOP 's history of massive voter - suppression and voter intimidation ( examples of which are in the news each day ** ) , and the below - the - radar vote - counting manipulations , and quite cognizant of the dark strain of racism in American society , I 'm not assuming the election 's in the bag .
A landslide Obama turnout may not be enough .
It may take an electoral victory of tsunami proportions to counter the Rove-ian dirty tricks operations , which is why so many of us are heading toward swing states this week to help make that happen .
So as the campaigns enter their final week , I thought I 'd take a longer view of the political landscape and see what the post - Inauguration future might look like .
Short version : Were Obama to emerge victorious , this election could well be transformative in a number of areas beyond the obvious one of celebrating America 's rendezvous with history .
NEVER -CEASING GOP CAMPAIGN
Republican leaders are quite aware of this transformative possibility and will do everything between now and next Tuesday to make sure that does n't happen .
But if Obama were to win , even with a blow - out victory , one can safely predict that a President Obama would enjoy no traditional " honeymoon " in his first months in office .
The HardRightists , the same ones who have been fighting Obama so viciously and disgracefully during the campaign , are not about to call it quits after November .
Palin got their blood boiling , their prejudices affirmed , their extremism sanctioned .
The HardRightists on their way out will not take kindly to being separated from the levers and organ$ of power .
They will do everything to ensure that a President Obama will face unwavering attacks from his first day in office .
No surrender , no making nice , no civil discourse .
This likelihood will be even worse if the Republicans hold on to enough Senate seats to continue filibustering Democratic proposals .
These rightwing forces more or less did the same thing to Bill Clinton right after he assumed the presidency in 1992 .
From day one , they invented supposed " scandals " one right after the other to upset his momentum , distract him from governance , hope some of the mud would stick ; eventually , they even went so far as to get him impeached , thus wrecking any movement of his centrist - liberal agenda throughout much of Clinton 's second term .
Luckily , the American people widely agreed that the Republicans went way too far in hounding Clinton -- that lying about sex did not rise to the level of impeachable offenses -- and successfully pressured the Senate not to convict .
HOW REPUBLICAN PARTY COULD SPLIT
It 's obvious that if the Republicans are swept badly in both the presidential contest and in the Senate and House next week , there will be major soul - searching within the party , perhaps even a split into two openly warring camps rather than the relatively covert civil war currently being waged , as fingers of blame are being pointed over their current chaotic campaign .
It will be the night of the long knives as the two sides try to control the future of the Republican Party .
One camp , more ideological at heart ( with Sarah Palin , if she 's not indicted in Alaska , playing a key role ) , will argue that the Republicans lost because they " were n't conservative enough , " that they sold out the ideological " purity " of the party by taking wishy - washy stands instead of proudly championing more solidly " conservative " causes .
In essence , Palin staffers are starting to propound this case and , at least according to key McCain staffers , who have referred to Palin as a " diva " who is shedding her McCain minders and going " rogue , " she can be expected to strike out even more on her own along these extreme lines .
You betcha .
The other camp , the more pragmatic - realist side ( with perhaps a key role played by Colin Powell ) , will argue that the voters are telling the GOP loudly and clearly that Rove 's narrow , base - oriented political strategy does n't work anymore .
The Republicans , they will say , blew their opportunity by going too far to the right and , in so doing , took the country into an unwinnable war , wrecked the economy and risked destroying the party .
An obtuse McCain , full of himself and his biography , made no changes from that base - only strategy .
To regain power , these traditional - conservative critics might argue , the GOP has to distance itself from the extremists and neo-cons , jettison the smear - politics , and move closer to the Republican Party 's moderate locus .
In this scenario , the Democrats would rule from the center - left , and the Republicans , to be competitive , would have to offer a more center - right agenda , resting on a conservative ideology but made more palatable to an American citizenry that eschews extremism and hovers mostly around the middle .
It 's not likely but it is possible that the competing Republican wings will be unable to find a way of sharing power , the result being two distinct political entities , perhaps with the extreme rightwingers joining forces with all sorts of fringe parties and groups .
HOW THE DEMOCRATS COULD SPLIT
If Obama carries his party to victory , especially so if the Democrats sweep both the House and Senate , the new president might well be able to pass significant changes in laws from the CheneyBush years , dealing with tax - reform , education and health care , as well as restoring respect for Constitutional protections and starting the withdrawal from Iraq , etc .
But if Obama were to be aced out of the presidency due to clear illegalities and outright theft of the election -- being the third Democrat to be so denied under suspicius circumstances in just a few years -- the despair and anger unleashed would be incalcuable .
Talk about " revolution " and / or leaving the country might suddenly become very real for many .
This would especially be the case if the " losing " candidate and the Dems had n't put up a fight in the courts for an honest , transparent recount in states where the evidence of electoral fraud is widespread .
Internally , there would be major blood - letting and transformation of the Democratic Party .
As with the Republicans , the Dems might well carry out a political civil war between two opposing camps .
One can well imagine that the more centrist / party establishment camp would think long and hard before nominating another African - American as its standard - bearer .
They would look for a plain vanilla , non-controversial candidate , one willing to compromise principles and imitate what the successful Republicans do .
GOP lite , in other words .
The more progressive wing of the party might well argue that the party " lost " because it moved away from its traditional Democratic values and principles in a desire to make itself more palatable to Independents and wayward Republicans .
In other words , because it " was n't liberal enough . "
As speculated above with regard to the Republicans , it 's possible but not likely that the fractured Democratic Party could split into two openly warring political entities , with the progressives , for example , attempting to make an alliance with the Greens , Naderites and disaffected moderate Republicans under a new party banner .
THE APPEARANCE OF SEMI -" SOCIALISM "
But regardless of who is installed in the White House in January , one thing is clear : American capitalism 's financial and social / political system , which has undergone enormous shocks in the past few months , may never revert back to the status quo ante .
The clearest signs of this transformative shift :
1. George W. Bush and Henry Paulson , true believers in unregulated free - market capitalism , overnight became semi-" socialist " in behavior .
Reality made it necessary for them to compromise their free - market ideology and partially nationalize banks and giant financial institutions .
A monumental catastrophe does that to you .
You can't return to the conservative shibboleths that clearly had failed .
2. Alan Greenspan , the grand doyen behind the American economy for nearly four decades , admitted in public testimony before Congress that the laissez - faire deregulation philosopy that has guided his life is badly flawed .
The former chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank said the current economic meltdown in the U.S. , which has now spread its major recession all over the globe , rested on faulty " models . "
He was shocked , shocked ! , to learn this .
We 're supposed to believe that the possibility of widespread failure of those greed - at - any - price models never occurred to him .
Right .
Those " models , " which were pushed by far - right conservative thinkers like Ayn Rand and Milton Friedman , derived from an ideological belief that a free market always corrects its excesses , thus keeping the dread hand of government off the financial tiller .
Now , Greenspan admits , there appears to be a necessary role for government regulation when banks and other financial institutions do n't act in their own self - interest .
It 's still " SELF - interest , " you see , since the Randian conservatives , of which Greenspan is one , refuse to recognize the concept of a " PUBLIC interest . "
REGULATION NECESSARY FOR SURVIVAL
Given the complexities associated with a global economy , and the unsupervised power of financial entities to do harm to themselves and others , in a sense it does n't really matter whether it 's McCain or Obama in the Oval Office .
Both would have to concern themselves with righting the ship of state and the financial institutions that keep it stable and functioning .
Doing so requires government oversight and regulation of the giant corporate and financial behemoths .
In short , America will become , to a greater or lesser degree -- with enough greed - loopholes built into the new system to satisfy the Wall Street elites -- a distinctly American variant of the " social democracies " in Europe .
Even McCain now realizes the necessity for action in this direction ; Obama would be more amenable to the kind of regulatory change that will be required , and might even borrow other ideas and policies from FDR's Great Depression / " New Deal " era in the 1930s , such as temporary , government - sponsored jobs programs that would quickly pump money back into the economy from the bottom up .
What 's taking place right before our eyes is a seismic shift of tectonic economic plates in America , with all sorts of transformative implications to society , the economy , the political parties themselves .
We are in for mighty interesting times in the decades ahead .
THE ATTACK ON SYRIA
These times have become all the more interesting because , as I write this , the CheneyBush Administration has attacked yet another country :
It sent four helicopters , two of them full of special forces commandoes -- that is to say , U.S. troops on the ground -- to shoot up a construction sight in Syria a few miles from the Iraq border , killing eight .
The action is less surprising than the timing , a week before a presidential election .
I think one has to interpret the action in light of that timing as possibly a way to change the headlines and focus as McCain 's chances grow slimmer , a way to highlight the " national security " issue that supposedly helps McCain , a way to make sure a President Obama would be locked into even more foreign - policy messes .
Maybe all three at once .
No doubt , more will be revealed in the coming days .
These guys are desperate and will try anything .#
** Hundreds of thousands , maybe several million , Democratic - leaning voters have been and are being purged from voting rolls ; Bush has ordered the DoJ to start a " voter - fraud " investigation in Ohio , even in the face of a Supreme Court ruling ordering regular voting protocols ( rather than provisional ballots ) to proceed for the 200,000 citizens involved ; there are numerous cases of " vote - flipping " in various states on touch - screen voting machines ; there are all kinds of voter - intimidation tactics being rolled out in various states , including attempts to keep college students from voting ; and one can anticipate what happened in 2004 , when just a few days before the voting , the Rove forces launched a massive " robocall " operation around the country supposedly coming from Dem campaigns , re-calling again and again at all hours of the day and night , in order to annoy and anger voters enough that they might decide not to vote Democratic .
" Grand Theft Robo . "
Bernard Weiner , Ph.D. in government & international relations , has taught at universities in California and Washington , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle for two decades , and currently serves as co-editor of The Crisis Papers ( www.crisispapers.org).
To comment : crisispapers@comcast.net .
First published by The Crisis Papers and Democratic Underground 10/28/08 .
www.crisispapers.org/essays8w/transform.htm
Copyright 2008 by Bernard Weiner .
_______
Bernie Weiner happily re-upping .
About author Bernard Weiner , a poet - playwright , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle , has taught government & international relations at various universities , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( Bernard Weiner , a poet - playwright , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle , has taught government & international relations at various universities , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( www.crisispapers.org ) .
For comment : crisispapers@comcast.net
what about sends in a Groklaw alert warning that , by PJ 's reading , Microsoft may be trying to take over ODF via a stacked SC 34 committee .
The article lists the attendees at an SC 34 meeting in July and gives their affiliations , which the official meeting materials do not .
( The attendees of the October 1 meeting , which generated a takeover proposal to OASIS , are not known in full . ) A related submission from David Gerard points out that BoycottNovell has leaked the ISO OOXML documents , which ISO has kept behind passwords .
The CIA can hide statements from imprisoned suspected terrorists that the agency tortured them in its set of secret prisons , a federal judge ruled Wednesday ,
Chief Judge Royce Lamberth of the Washington D.C. Circuit Court declined to review the government 's assertions that the allegations of torture from men held in the CIA 's black site prisons – whether truthful or not – would put the nation at risk of grave danger if allowed to be made public .
" The Court , giving deference to the agency ’s detailed , good - faith declaration , is disinclined to
second - guess the agency in its area of expertise through in camera review , " Lamberth wrote ( .pdf ) , referring to a procedure where a judge looks at evidence in his chamber without showing it to the opposing side .
The ruling comes in a case where the ACLU filed a government sunshine suit to force the government to unredact allegations from statements from so - called High Value Detainees such as 9/11 plotter Khalid Sheihk Muhammed that the CIA kidnapped and tortured them .
The judge 's decision not to look at the blacked - out text to see if secrets are involved allows the Bush Administration to continue to hide its use of torture techniques , according to Ben Wizner , a staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" The government has suppressed these detainees ' allegations of brutal torture not to protect any legitimate national security interests , but to protect itself from criticism and liability , " said Wizner .
" It is unlawful for the government to withhold information on these grounds . "
Not surprisingly , the CIA disagreed – saying the enemy would be helped by knowing what kinds of torture and interrogation techniques it uses .
" Among the details that cannot be publicly released are the conditions of the detainees ’ capture , the employment of alternative interrogation methods , and other operational details , " the CIA 's Wendy Hilton told the court in a sworn affidavit
(.pdf ) .
" Specifically , disclosure of such information is reasonably likely to degrade the CIA 's ability to effectively question terrorist detainees and elicit information necessary to protect the American people "
The CIA also successfully argued that it needed to redact statements about what countries were involved in the program , saying that such allegations could destroy relationships with countries that helped with the CIA 's controversial program of secretly kidnapping suspected terrorists and shuttling them to hidden prisons in Europe and Asia , where neither families nor the Red Cross knew of their detention .
Transcripts from each of the 14 detainee 's Combatant Status Review
Tribunals in Guantanamo Bay were provided to the ACLU and posted to the Pentagon 's website in the summer of 2007 .
Six of those included some redactions .
The ACLU also requested other documents , which turned up written statements and lawyers notes used as evidence in the hearings .
The CIA redacted information from three of five of these .
The CIA made a point of noting that some of the allegations of torture were untrue , but had to be redacted anyways , because blacking out the truth and allowing false statements would let a clever prisoner paint an inverse picture of CIA torture techniques .
Judge Lamberth deferred to that argument .
" Improbable though this might seem , it is conceivable , " Lamberth wrote .
The Bush Administration admits that it authorized the CIA to use torture techniques such as waterboarding and hide kidnapped persons from the Red Cross , but continues to use euphemisms such as " enhanced interrogatoin techniques " to describe its actions .
The fourteen prisoners , who are now all being held in the military 's
Guantanamo Bay prison facility , are Abu Faraj al - Libi , Walid Bin
Attash , Khalid Sheikh Muhammad , Ramzi Bin al - Shibh , Ahmed Khalfan
Ghailani , Mohd Farik bin Amin ( known as Zubair ) , Mustafa Al Hawsawi ,
Abd Al Rahim Hussein Mohammed ( known as Al Nashiri ) , Bashir Bin Lap
( known as Lillie ) , Ammar Al Baluchi , Riduan Bin Isomuddin ( known as
Hambali ) , and Zayn Al Abidin MuhammadGuleed Hassan Ahmed .
The CIA was forced to shutter its network of hidden prisons around the country after their existence and some of the site 's locations were exposed by journalists and plane spotters .
Judge Lamberth also served as the presiding judge of the nation 's secret spying court from 1995 to 2002 .
He was reportedly the first judge to learn that the Administration was spying on Americans without following the law , but says there 's nothing to worry about .
Poster : Mike Licht / Flickr
PARIS - Scotch tape is not only see - through , it can also see through , for the product can be used to take X - rays , bemused scientists say .
Peeling tape from a roll of Scotch releases tiny bursts of X - rays that are powerful enough to take images of bones in fingers and hands , researchers have found .
The unusual discovery was made by a University of California at Los Angeles team , intrigued after hearing that Soviet scientists in the 1950s found that sticky tape , when separated at the right speed , released pulses in the X - ray part of the energy spectrum .
Iceland 's central bank cut rates less than two weeks ago Iceland 's central bank has raised its key interest rate to 18 % from 12 % as it battles against financial collapse .
The rise comes less than two weeks after Iceland cut rates from 15.5 % .
The central bank governor said the increase was part of its agreement with the International Monetary Fund , from which it borrowed $ 2bn ( £ 1.3bn ) .
Iceland 's prime minister said the country needed another $ 4bn in loans and had approached the European Central Bank and the US Federal Reserve .
Currency slump Central bank governor David Oddsson said that he hoped the rise in rates would only last for a short time and added that the move was designed to stabilise the currency .
It is the very same policy that has caused considerable damage in previous IMF rescues , such as in the Asian crisis
Jon Danielsson , London School of Economics
Why raising rates wo n't work
" With the collapse of three banks and the harsh external measures that followed , Iceland 's foreign exchange market became paralysed , " the bank said in a statement .
The government has imposed strict foreign exchange restrictions on the trading of its currency .
The Icelandic crown traded internationally for the first time for a week on Tuesday , with the value slumping to 240 to the euro from Monday 's official fix of 152 .
There has been some criticism of the conditions that the IMF has placed on its loans over the years , which have also included currency devaluations and austerity programmes .
" Given the damaging role of high interest rates in events leading up to the crisis , it is very unfortunate that as a part of their conditions , the IMF has insisted on a high interest policy , " says Jon Danielsson at London School of Economics .
" Indeed , it is the very same policy that has caused considerable damage in previous IMF rescues , such as in the Asian crisis . "
Nordic summit Iceland has been struggling since it was forced to take over its three biggest banks , which had been hit by the credit crunch .
The country 's Prime Minister , Geir Haarde , made his comments about the need to raise an extra $ 4bn on the sidelines of a meeting with other Nordic countries .
" It 's not a precise number , it 's not a scientific number but we are looking in that neighbourhood , " Mr Haarde said .
Mr Haarde would not say how much of the additional money he was hoping to borrow from the other Nordic countries : Sweden , Finland , Norway and Denmark .
" I do not want to put pressure on them , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr. McCain ’s advisers said they had put far less effort into the early voting program , instead sticking with what has worked for Florida Republicans for a decade : building up their margin with absentee ballots .
But several Republicans said they were afraid that emphasis was missing the way voting behavior is changing here .
Mr. Obama has used sophisticated measures here to find and register new supporters .
And Florida statistics this week , which sent a shiver of fear through Republicans , attest to his success : Democrats now have a 660,000 edge in voter registration over Republicans in the state , compared with a Democratic advantage of 280,000 voters in 2006 .
Buzz Jacobs , the southeast regional manager of Mr. McCain ’s campaign , suggested that Democrats would have trouble getting all those new voters to the polls .
“ They traditionally have a better voter registration system , and we have a better turnout operation , ” he said .
But even several state Republicans said they saw evidence that Mr. Obama was bringing new and highly effective methods to the state to find voters and turn them out .
“ I ’ve gotten seven calls from live Obama volunteers  and the reason I ’m getting calls is because I signed up on their Web site to get notifications from their campaign , ” said Sally Bradshaw , a Republican who was a senior political adviser to Jeb Bush , the former governor .
Ms. Bradshaw , who supported Mitt Romney in the primary , had signed up for the list to keep informed about a rival .
“ I have n’t received any McCain calls , ” she said .
Mr. McCain is in this spot today in part because of the conclusion by his campaign this summer that Florida , if competitive , was not as tough as it once was , and that there were more pressing states .
Mr. Bush won here by five percentage points in 2004 .
The Democratic Party had earned months of bad publicity by pressuring its presidential candidates not to campaign in the state before its primary because Florida scheduled its vote earlier than party rules allowed .
by JS O’Brien
Today ’s polls are beginning to show Obama pulling away in what were once toss - up states .
SurveyUSA , which fivethirtyeight.com rates as a high - quality poll , puts Obama up five points in Ohio and 15 points in Pennsylvania .
Quinnipac / Wall Street Journal / Washington
Post , a better - than - average poll , puts Obama up by 16 in Michigan , nine in Colorado , 11 in Minnesota , and 17 in Wisconsin .
An average survey , Public Policy Polling , gives Obama a three - point lead in North Carolina .
Assuming these numbers are close to being correct , and given past Democratic / Republican voting patterns , it ’s probably safe to say that Pennsylvania , Michigan , Minnesota , and Wisconsin are out of reach for McCain , and Colorado is a very long shot .
Though there are no recent polls , I would also put Washington out of reach based on past voting patterns .
Ohio is still very winnable .
Yesterday ’s results do n’t look much better for the Republicans .
The FOX News / Rasmussen poll ( also high - quality ) gave Obama a two - point lead in Ohio , five - point lead in Florida , three - point lead in Virginia and Missouri , and a tie in North Carolina .
Only the five - point lead in Florida is outside the statistical margin of error , but the probability is that McCain trails in all the other states except for the tie in North Carolina .
Bizarrely , a first - time effort from Forum Poll gives Obama a two - point lead in North Dakota , a state so red it ’s almost off the visible spectrum .
I think that poll should be taken with a golf - ball - sized grain of salt .
West Virginia , with its five electoral votes , now appears to be in play .
Georgia is still in McCain ’s camp , but support is softening ( Georgia ! ) .
National polls are holding relatively steady at a combined five - to - eight - point Obama lead , which may reflect undecided voters in very red states migrating heavily to McCain , offsetting Obama ’s gains in swing states .
McCain ’s path to the presidency is getting much , much narrower .
According to Real Clear Politics ’ electoral map , McCain now has 158 electoral votes ( out of the 270 he needs ) solidly in his camp or leaning towards him .
There are 67 EVs in toss - up states .
IF he wins every toss - up state , that would give him 225 EVs .
He has to find another 45 EVs by flipping current Obama leans his way .
If he flips formerly red states Florida and Virginia , and takes either Colorado or New Mexico , that would do it for him .
If he takes Virginia and loses Florida , he would have to win Colorado , New Mexico , Minnesota , and some other state with 8 or more EVs to win , which is highly , highly improbable .
Almost as improbable is winning without Virginia .
To do that , he would have to take Colorado , New Mexico , and some other state .
In other words , McCain must have all the toss -ups , must flip Florida back his way , and almost certainly must flip Virginia back his way .
If he does that , he has to take either Colorado or New Mexico to put himself over the top .
McCain ’s strategery
Naturally , McCain ’s campaign knows all this .
Or do they ?
Given the polling consensus and the electoral math , one would think that McCain and Palin would be splitting up and spending a lot of time in Florida , Ohio , Virginia , and Colorado , while spending at least some time in North Carolina , Indiana , Missouri , West Virginia , and Nevada .
Instead , they are spending a lot of time campaigning together , with the occasional separation ( Palin made a five - minute , hand - wave whistle stop in West Virginia yesterday ) for short speeches .
They are spending a great deal of time and money in Pennsylvania , a state the polls say they have almost no chance of winning .
Last week , McCain spent time in Iowa , another state he appears to have lost .
Following the debate , McCain ’s campaign says he is planning to spend Thursday and Friday in New York , a state he will certainly lose , though he will probably rest there instead of campaigning .
( Rest ? Now ? )
In the meantime , Obama is going door - to - door while spending five days in Ohio ( one of those toss - up states McCain ca n’t afford to lose ) .
He and Biden have split up to cover more of the country , and he has enlisted both Clintons to rally the troops in Pennsylvania and Virginia .
Obama clearly has much more money than McCain .
Some media reports have the Obama campaign outspending McCain more than two to one , with much higher disparities in swing states .
McCain made inroads in Minnesota for a while by outspending Obama three to one , but the state appears to have swung strongly for Obama .
The Republican National Committee is helping out with its attack ads but , even so , the Republicans are being outspent , and McCain ’s campaign has no means of raising more money , having accepted public funds .
Obama has no such restrictions , and the buzz around the campaign is that his September fund raising ( which wo n’t be reported until October 20 ) has beaten all previous fund raising records .
In fact , Obama seems to have so much money to burn that he is reported to have bought 30 - minute , prime time slots on October 29 from three networks .
Indications are that some Republican politicians are jumping ship .
Minnesota Senator Norm Coleman , in a fight for his political life against Democratic challenger Al Franken , has declined to campaign in Minnesota with McCain .
Charlie Crist , Florida ’s popular Republican governor , reportedly blew a McCain function off to visit Disney World , and has said he ’ll campaign for McCain “ when he has time . ”
Obviously , polls are telling these men that McCain ’s brand in their states is not something they want to associate themselves with .
McCain appears to be squandering his resources ( money , time , and people ) on lost causes while spending too few resources on states he simply must carry .
His message strategy is all over the board , seemingly changed every day based on overnight focus groups and polling .
He is supposed to announce a new economic strategy today , a day after Obama when he desperately needed to beat his opponent to the punch .
He has been widely criticized for inflaming his base , leading to television images of angry , shouting crowds spouting ugly language at his and Palin ’s stops .
His and Palin ’s negative ratings are going up .
The media are saying that McCain has 21 days ( including today ) to turn things around , but that ’s not strictly true .
The Republican National Committee will soon have to make a determination :
Do they continue to spend alongside McCain , propping up his campaign , or do they divert their resources into Senatorial and House races to try to minimize the number of seats they lose this cycle ?
I suspect that , if the polls do n’t start showing some positive news for McCain by the weekend , taking his Wednesday - night debate performance into account , the RNC will cut back drastically on its aid to McCain and play triage with Congressional races .
I suspect that the train wreck that is the McCain campaign has less than a week to get back on the rails .
The death of Daniel James , the 23 - year - old rugby player who visited a Swiss euthanasia clinic last month , is the most appalling burden his parents will ever have to bear , whether or not they are prosecuted , and whether or not they are sent to prison for what they did on his behalf .
They decided to believe him when he said that after he was paralysed in a scrum his life was of no value to him , and that he would prefer death .
It was not a sudden decision but one taken over many months , during which he had shown , by attempting suicide , that he was in deadly earnest .
They made a deliberate moral choice , and carried it out in what must have been an agonising journey to Switzerland .
Their courage has been enormous ; but it would be hard to deny that they acted unlawfully .
Not everyone faced with the life that Daniel James foresaw for himself would react in the same way .
There are many stories of young people suffering similar injuries who have decided that their lives are still worth living , however limited their physical powers .
But there are others who cannot stand the thought of forever being completely dependent on others , however loving .
In their eyes , life in itself is not valuable , only the freedom and enjoyment that life gives .
Daniel James had time to decide that without such freedom death would be better .
It was this decision that his parents respected , allowing him his final freedom to choose .
This case , coming so soon after the test case brought by Debbie Purdy , is bound itself to become a test case .
If Mr and Mrs James are not prosecuted , though the evidence against them is crystal clear , it will seem that , though assisting someone to die is a crime if the death occurs in this country , it is permissible if the death occurs in a country whose laws permit it .
There are three ways to interpret this .
First , it may suggest that assisting someone to die is not intrinsically wrong , but only contrary to the law , like driving on the right in the UK .
Alternatively , it may suggest that we have moral scruples about assisted dying but are prepared to turn a blind eye if it is not in our back yard .
Or , we may seem to be saying : ' We have failed to find a way to legislate to permit assisted dying that is not subject to abuse .
If other countries have succeeded , let us take advantage of their laws . '
If the prosecution proceeds but the accused are not convicted , or are bound over , then the question will be whether the law will ever be fully implemented .
And as it becomes plain that it will not , so it will be increasingly disregarded , though family members or doctors will remain in a state of uncertainty when they disregard it .
This was the position in the Netherlands between 1973 and 2002 , when doctors openly provided assistance to die in cases of acute suffering and generally escaped prosecution on a plea of ' necessity ' , where the duty to relieve suffering outweighed the usual duty to preserve life .
In 2002 , the law was changed so that assisting death in certain specified circumstances was no longer a crime , and the uncertainty was brought to an end .
But before the change in the law , public opinion would have made it hard to secure a conviction in court .
A jury is unwilling to convict where the prisoner seems to face an unjust penalty .
The case of Mr and Mrs James , like that of Debbie Purdy , thus presents a legal dilemma .
Whether or not they are prosecuted , the law will be challenged .
There are many , of whom I am one , who believe that we must try yet again to change the law , not by excluding from criminality those who assist death by taking the suicide abroad but by liberalising the laws of our own country .
One argument is that it would be unjust if only the relatively wealthy could lawfully be assisted to die .
But the more crucial argument is this : we have a moral obligation to take other people 's seriously reached decisions with regard to their own lives equally seriously , not putting our judgment of the value of their life above theirs .
Mr and Mrs James have sadly and dramatically carried out this moral obligation .
Sleeping Beauty is Disney 's first classic animated film to make its way to Blu-ray , and it 's loaded with legitimately compelling BD - Live extra features .
Format War Central tried to check these out , but got smacked with a 57 page EULA followed by a 63 page Privacy Policy before they could view any of them .
Also upsetting : the new ending , in which Princess Aurora , upon waking up from Phillip 's kiss resolves to become a copyright lawyer for a large electronics company .
[ Format War Central ]
Advertisement
The attacks were shown to work at a distance of 20 metres
Computer criminals could soon be eavesdropping on what you type by analysing the electromagnetic signals produced by every key press .
By analysing the signals produced by keystrokes , Swiss researchers have reproduced what a target typed .
The security researchers have developed four attacks that work on a wide variety of computer keyboards .
The results led the researchers to declare keyboards were " not safe to transmit sensitive information " .
Better attacks
The attacks were dreamed up by doctoral students Martin Vuagnoux and Sylvain Pasini from the Security and Cryptography Laboratory at the Swiss Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne ( EPFL ) .
The EPFL students tested 11 different keyboard models that connected to a computer via either a USB or a PS / 2 socket .
The attacks they developed also worked with keyboards embedded in laptops .
Every keyboard tested was vulnerable to at least one of the four attacks the researchers used .
One attack was shown to work over a distance of 20 metres .
In their work the researchers used a radio antenna to " fully or partially recover keystrokes " by spotting the electromagnetic radiation emitted when keys were pressed .
In a web posting they added : " no doubt that our attacks can be significantly improved , since we used relatively unexpensive equipments [ sic ] . "
In videos showing their early work the researchers are seen connecting keyboards to a laptop running on battery power .
They avoided using a desktop computer or an LCD display to minimise the chance of picking up signals from other sources .
Details of the attacks are scant but the work is expected to be reported in a peer - reviewed journal soon .
The research builds on earlier work done by University of Cambridge computer scientist Markus Kuhn who looked at ways to use electromagnetic emanations to eavesdrop and steal useful information .
Ever order the second - cheapest wine on the menu while dining out ?
You do n't want to spend very much , but you also do n't want to look like a cheapskate ordering the cheapest bottle on the whole menu .
Well , one in four diners do ( in the UK , at least ) .
In the marketing world , we can define this as a choice set effect with respect to reference pricing — using the cheapest bottle of wine as a standard of comparison against which the other wines are compared .
But did you know that the second - cheapest bottle is usually the worst value ?
From the Harvard Law Record : " Restaurant owners will often price the wine they buy cheapest at wholesale as the second - cheapest wine on the menu .
Why ?
Because people generally do n't order the cheapest wine and thus often turn to the second cheapest .
Price that one higher , and you get a bigger marginal profit .
Presto— restauranteur as microeconomist ! " 
The Wall Street Journal recently took it a step further and cracked the code of wine pricing .
They found that the standard markup at a restaurant is about three times the wholesale cost , or twice the retail cost .
However , restaurants employ what 's called " progressive markup " — a cheap bottle could be priced three to four times wholesale , while an expensive wine may be marked up only 1.5 times .
Wine by the glass is even more of a rip off , as it carries the biggest markup .
Typically , the first glass of wine sold pays for the cost of the entire bottle to the restaurant !
But wine is n't the only thing with a high markup .
Liquor and beer often carry a 500 % markup .
So if you 're looking for the biggest bang for your buck , consider a more expensive bottle , whose restaurant retail price is more closely aligned with its actual price .
But if you can't go that high , then order the cheapest bottle .
Be sure to tell your date about the " second - cheapest syndrome , " though .
That way you appear smart and savvy , instead of cheap .
[ Image courtesy of The Inn & Spa at Cedar Falls . ]
Be sure to read more of what Diana learned today here .
Alex Clemens -- ruler of Barbary Coast Consulting , SFUsualSuspects.com , and , well , pretty much SF politics as many of you know it -- sent us these images of wildlife found right here in SF 's financial district .
Specifically , at Barbary Coast Consulting , located at Third and Market ( It 's one of the most gorgeous offices we 've had the pleasure of getting smashed in .
Also , they have a lanai .
Who has a lanai ?!
Clemens does , that 's who .
Brilliant . )
Name - dropping aside , after contacting the Golden Gate Raptor Observatory , Clemens found out that this ( hungry ! ) bird is an adult Red- tailed Hawk .
Anyway , it 's a " a fun glimpse of the Financial District that many people do n’t know about . "
Check out these images of the hawk dining on controversial urban color .
Bastards until the very end .
The Bush administration is trying again to take the gray wolf of the northern Rockies off the federal endangered species list .
Having lost in court this summer in a legal battle with conservationists , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has decided to reopen for public comment its 2007 proposal to delist the wolves .
“ The position of the service is , we think the wolves no longer need the protection of the Endangered Species Act .
We ’re asking the public to weigh in to that , ” Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for Fish and Wildlife , said in an interview yesterday .
Wolf advocates immediately protested .
“ This is the Bush administration ’s last - gasp attempt to remove protections for wolves , ” said Louisa Wilcox , a senior wildlife advocate for the Natural Resources Defense Council in Livingston , Mont .
“ It looks like they ’re launching an all - out run to ram the same flawed package back through , ” said Jamie Rappaport Clark , executive vice president of Defenders of Wildlife and a director of Fish and Wildlife during the second Clinton administration .
Misty May - Treanor Exits DWTS with Achilles Tendon Injury ( Photos )
Dancing with the Stars had been under a black cloud for the past three seasons .
The level of bodily stress that these dance contestants have undergone on a weekly basis has clearly taken it 's toll on any number of celebrities and professional alike .
Misty May - Treanor , U.S. Olympic Beach Volley Ball gold medalist , has been forced to leave the Dancing with the Stars competition because of an injury .
According to fellow celebrity dancer Brooke Burke , who has been busy blogging between practice sessions , Misty ruptured her Achilles tendon and will undergo surgery later this week .
She will then undergo nine months of rehabilitation in order to ensure a full recovery from a very serious injury .
The injury occurred on Friday .
The irony is that she is in extremely good physical condition because of the nature of her sport and the fact that she has just returned from a grueling two weeks in Beijing .
Typically the athletes have done very well during competition .
Apollo Anton Ohno , Emmitt Smith , Helio Castroneves and Kristi Yamaguchi took top honors in their respective seasons .
Brooke and her partner Derek Hough had a scare of their own on Saturday .
During a practice session , Hough tripped over a box while walking backwards .
Trying to save himself from injury , he attempted to jump back onto his feet and got tangled with a stage light .
He hit his head and was taken by ambulance to an area hospital .
He is fine now and practicing for Monday night 's show , according to his partner .
Hough had a neck injury during the last season and Cristian De La Fuente suffered an arm injury .
Clearly dancing turns out to be risky business .
Check out Misty May - Treanor beach volleyball photos here .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Source
Photos : tvguide.com
Call it bailout , take two .
With credit markets frozen and the financial system teetering on collapse , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has decided to invest $ 250 billion directly in the nation ’s banks in exchange for an ownership stake .
It is a bold move for a desperate time .
But Mr. Paulson still has to do more to ensure that American taxpayers , whose money he is investing , get the best deal .
The hope is that new capital  along with a government guarantee for new bank debt issued over the next three years  will get the banks lending freely again .
The approach  an about - face from Mr. Paulson ’s earlier plan to buy up the banks ’ bad assets  is more in line with European efforts .
Coordination is essential to manage what has clearly become a global financial crisis .
By taking an equity stake , taxpayers could have a better chance of seeing an eventual return on their investment .
If the banks do turn around , then the government , as a shareholder , reaps the benefits .
But we are disturbed that Mr. Paulson wants the government to be a passive investor with little say on how these banks are run , despite the billions of dollars at risk .
Fix the Credit Problem , Not its Symptoms
Two weeks ago Monday , markets traded down 300 points at the open .
The sell - off seemed to be in anticipation of what was widely considered to be a poorly thought - out bailout plan .
As it became clear that the $ 700 billion package was not going to be approved by the House , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummeted another 500 points .
Stock jockeys had apparently decided that a bad bailout would have been better than none .
Fast - forward to the end of last week : During Friday ’s House vote , the Dow rallied 300 points . . . but once the bill passed , they promptly reversed and sold off .
It ’s been more or less straight down ever since .
Since the highs of October 2007 one year ago , the Dow has lost 39 % , or about 5,500 points .
How did this happen ?
Why are markets reacting so negatively to a near $ 1 trillion bailout ?
The short answer is that the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department have been focusing on the wrong issues .
They have been treating falling asset prices — houses , stocks , bonds — as well as the lack of confidence between banks , as the actual issue .
This is the wrong approach .
Falling asset prices and a lack of confidence are a result of the underlying problem .
You do n’t cure alcoholism by getting rid of a hangover ; you cannot resolve confidence issues by merely cutting rates .
The primary problem is that banks are refusing to extend credit to each other .
Why ?
Because they do not understand the liabilities of their counterparties .
Translated into English , that means they do n’t know if the other bank whom they are dealing with will still to be standing tomorrow .
The thing roiling markets today is not the lack of confidence ;
It is capital , or more accurately , the lack thereof .
Thanks to a series of very poor trades — excessively leveraged and absurdly risky to boot — banks are now dramatically undercapitalized .
As we have seen in just about every historical financial crisis , the shortage of capital is the underlying cause of monetary mayhem .
Too much debt , too little equity , makes any financial system cease to function .
Why is that ?
Consider the way fractional banking works .
Depositors open accounts with banks , earning interest , along with ready access to their accounts at any branch or ATM .
The bank leaves a small fraction of the money on deposit , and uses the rest for loans , either to businesses or consumers .
The smaller the fraction retained on deposit by the banks , the more money they have to lend out , and in theory , the greater their potential profits .
This is a quaint , 18th - century system .
It worked well — at least before the modern era of derivatives and excess leverage .
In ye olden days , a bank would get a $ 10 deposit , keep a buck as reserve cash , and lend out the other nine .
Assuming they were careful about who they made loans to , this was a profitable enterprise .
In recent years , banks ran into three kinds of trouble :
They made loans to people who failed to repay them ; they did not keep adequate capital on reserve ; they compounded their problems by borrowing money from each other to buy back all of those loans after they had been repackaged as fancy securities .
If it sounds ridiculous , it is only because it was .
What makes the current crisis so dangerous is that all these complex financial maneuvers have left the institutions themselves shell shocked .
They no longer know who to trust .
When Banks cannot tell if the other bank across the street has enough money to survive through tomorrow , they cease credit operations .
As long as this condition exists , banks will be reluctant to lend money to anyone but the strongest financial institutions , who of course , do not need it .
Hence , a credit freeze .
Under these circumstances , the original Paulson rescue plan is unlikely to accomplish much .
Buying up risky assets from the banks , which is what Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) is set to do , is like slapping a coat of paint on a house infested with termites .
It may pretty up the banks for a short period of time , but it is unlikely to solve the underlying problem .
So what would solve it ?
The first step to accomplish this is triage .
Identify the banks that cannot survive , and like Old Yeller , " gently " put them down .
Euthanize the bad ones so the good ones can survive .
Nationalize ’em , sell their accounts to strong banks , and prevent further liabilities to the FDIC ( which insures all accounts up to $ 250,000 ) .
Next , recapitalize the banks that can survive by buying preferred stock .
That is what Warren Buffett did with General Electric and Goldman Sachs when he made his investments .
The Treasury should announce a matching program , where any private investment into a Bank is matched by the government , dollar for dollar , and on the same terms .
This fixes not merely a balance sheet issue ( like TARP does ) but the actual capital structure at the root of the current crisis .
And it does so on terms that are good for the taxpayers too .
As this process eliminates the bad banks and recapitalizes the good banks , normal lending will resume .
Defaults and insolvency will no longer paralyze the financial industry .
This is how Sweden resolved its financial crisis in the nineties , and how England just started to address their problem this past week .
The good news is that the US is that there are signs the US is starting to move towards the Swedish / British / Buffett model .
The bad news is that it has taken this long to even begin contemplating this .
We are a year late , a few trillion dollars short .
And , its too late for firms that could have been saved had there been clear eyed leadership in Washington , instead of mindless cheerleading .
As recently as a few months ago , we were being told thast the economy was sound , the problem was contained , the dangers minimal .
Instead , a parade of firms such as Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers and AIG and Fannie Mae and Washington Mutual and Freddie Mac and Wachovia and Merrill Lynch are now lost .
That is going to have lasting repercussions for the national economy , and it is going to be felt especially hard in places like New York City , Connecticut and California .
It might be glib to say “ Better late than never . ”
But that fails to capture the lasting economic damage caused by missing this opportunity for so long .
To give you an idea of how costly this delay has been , consider the S&P 500 financial sector index .
It is comprised of over 80 of the biggest banks , brokers and insurers in the United States .
At its peak in February 2007 , it was worth almost $ 3 trillion dollars .
Since then , it has since declined 56.5 % , losing over $ 1.7 trillion dollars in value .
And that is just one index , and not the entire US financial sector .
When banks know their counterparties are not in danger of going belly up tomorrow , they will begin lending again .
Confidence will return once the underlying problem is resolved , and not a minute before .
Friday , October 10 , 2008 | 07:30 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 73 ) | TrackBack ( 2 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
Comments
Insightful .
How is the labor market for this kind of expertise so inefficient and / or the political market for votes so twisted that this kind of remedy does n't occur ?
Posted by : Mark Peecher | Oct 10 , 2008 7:44:00 AM
Though this is not the response they 'd prefer .
But check out the rationale : Bill Ayers and Obama 's claim that U.S. troops in Afghanistan are " just air - raiding villages and killing civilians . "
The first has been featured in McCain and RNC ads , mail and robocalls , and picked up on cable stations .
The second is the central Obama soundbite in one of McCain 's most widely - aired ads , " Dangerous . "
CEDAR RAPIDS - Nothing personal , but Donald Seedorf just does n't like Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama .
" He 's a terrorist , " Seedorf said this past week .
" He 's hanging around with people who bombed and killed Americans . "
He believes Obama should be tried for treason for saying our soldiers are killing Afghan villagers .
" I 've had my fill , " said Seedorf of 2963 N. Center Point Rd .
So he used an old board and a can of spray paint to express his feelings .
" Vote for a terriost Obama , " the sign in his front yard proclaims .
" Yeah , I know it 's misspelled , " he said .
comments closed
permalink
Facts not Fairies
October 15 , 2007
Shocked by 9 - 11 , Americans wondered who could perpetrate such a horrible crime against people .
Over two thousand Americans jumped to their death , were burned , crushed , or murdered in a spectacular collapse of the Twin Towers .
In a joint session of Congress a few days later , President George W. Bush gave us the first clue who " they " were .
" They " hated us for our freedoms .
It seemed incomprehensible at the time but we now have an opportunity to recognize who actually hates us for our freedoms .
We can identify the culprits by this simple description :
They hate us for our freedoms .
We need only judge them by their actions .
Do you know who has destroyed most of our treasured American freedoms ?
When you can answer that question you will know the identity of the criminals who conceived and orchestrated the 9 - 11 Attack on America .
They hate us for our freedoms .
Less than a week after he spoke those words , President George W. Bush presented legislation for Congress to pass into law .
The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 revoked much of the Bill of Rights to the US Constitution .
Arabs and Muslims of al Qaeda did n’t do it .
George did it .
Congress was given only hours to read the extensive volume and no opportunity to debate .
A quick vote was required .
Does that sound familiar to you ?
Remember the Bailout of the Banks that was rammed through Congress with little debate or deliberation ?
Do you recognize the similarities with the USA PATRIOT Act ?
Those who stood in its way received a letter contaminated with fatal weapons grade anthrax , later identified as the Ames strain which was kept under guard at Fort Detrick , Maryland .
Arabs and Muslims of al Qaeda had no access to it .
It was done by those who " hate us for our freedoms . "
Only one senator voted against the ironically named USA PATRIOT Act .
The vote in the House of Representatives was 357-66 .
Only a few dozen Democrats voted against the Patriot Act .
Al Qaeda did not have a vote .
Only those who hate us for our freedoms voted to demolish American freedoms .
Phones were tapped , emails were read , letters were opened .
We saw a rapid increase in warrantless searches , secret courts , massive spying on citizens , especially those involved in political dissent .
We ’ve seen taser attacks by police on children , elderly , and innocent citizens .
We ’ve seen the creation of watch - lists , no - fly lists and similar exclusionary documents , increasing government control over private behavior .
Al Qaeda did not do this .
The fascist regime of George Bush , neocon Republicans , and the neoliberal Democrats did this .
Are you beginning to see who hates us for our freedoms ?
Torture was re-instituted and blessed in secret as America turned from human rights advocate to human rights terrorist .
US Christian leaders supported Bush ’s use of torture .
Al Qaeda did not do this .
This crime against humanity was perpetrated by those who hate us for our freedoms .
Creation of a mercenary military force such as Blackwater for foreign and domestic purposes has led the oppression and murder in Iraq and in New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
Al Qaeda did n’t hire them .
These killers and thugs are the private militia of those who hate us for our freedoms .
Dissent is now characterized as disloyalty by government and its supporting media , protestors are herded into pens called " free speech zones , " the media supports and condones the government ’s police state activities .
Al Qaeda media ?
No , mainstream American media .
Those in charge hate us for our freedoms .
People are now beaten and arrested for demanding their rights under the Bill of Rights and their President dismisses the Constitution as just a piece of paper .
The President asserts the right to ignore part or all of laws passed by the national legislature and the courts increasingly support presidential use of unconstitutional powers .
The President and other officials regularly lie to you , the newspapers and media lie to you , the President claims the right to make war whenever he wants and keep soldiers past their tour of duty indefinitely .
Government agencies and officials declare themselves exempt from portions of the law or Constitution .
Citizens lack any legal recourse to stop illegal government actions and now under the Military Commissions
Act you can be imprisoned without trial , arrested and held without charges .
Al Qaeda did n’t do this .
It was done by
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
those who hate you for your freedoms .
The long history of habeas corpus has disappeared after centuries of due process .
Al Qaeda did n’t make these changes .
These changes were made by people who hate us for our freedoms .
Are you beginning to recognize who was responsible for 9 - 11 ?
It was done by those who hate us for our freedoms .
You read their words in the newspapers and see them on the nightly news .
Some of them hold a strong loyalty to another country .
There are those who still think they are holding the pass against a revolution that may be coming up the road .
But they are gazing in the wrong direction .
The revolution is behind them .
It went by in the Night of Depression , singing songs to freedom .
– Garet Garrett
By means of Presidential National Security Directive 51 signed by George W. Bush in 2007 , the President can assume dictatorial powers without the consent of Congress .
Because of the Domestic Terrorism Law what you think and what they think you think can be a sufficient cause for investigation , arrest , and imprisonment if the President determines it fits his interpretation of the definition of domestic terrorism .
The Department of Homeland Security can place your name on a no - fly no - go list if Director Michael Chertoff thinks that you are a " security risk . "
This can also mean that in the future you ca n’t get on a bus or train to go visit your grandma if someone puts your name on the list .
Al Qaeda did n’t do this .
This is being done by those who hate us for our freedoms .
The Washington Post has reported ( April 24 , 2008 ) that the U.S. government will order commercial airlines and cruise lines to prepare to collect digital fingerprints of all foreigners before they depart the country under a security initiative that the industry has condemned as costly and burdensome .
Chertoff says fingerprints are n’t ‘ personal data ’ .
He ’s not al Qaeda .
He ’s a dual - citizen of the US and Israel .
Chertoff is a member of the Federalist Society ; a cabal of radical lawyers devoted to the systematic dismantling of the Bill of Rights .
He ’s hired former Stasi chief Markus Wolfe and former head of the KGB General Yevgeni Primakov to oversee the American Gestapo .
He was in charge of criminal investigation at the Department of Justice and responsible for the release of the Israelis seen celebrating the fall of the Twin Towers .
FEMA , an agency under his direction , has had over 600 concentration camps built by Halliburton and one out of every 100 Americans is in prison , highest in the First World nations .
Surveillance cameras are everywhere .
Al Qaeda did n’t put them there .
People are arrested for taking photographs of buildings in the city .
The FBI swoops down on private money enterprises and confiscates ( steals ) millions of dollars worth of gold , silver , and platinum without leaving so much as a receipt and with a warrant that lacks specific cause .
Then they steal gold , silver and platinum from the people ’s private mint without cause .
Al Qaeda did n’t do this .
Another type of terrorist did this .
This other terrorist hates us for our freedoms , too .
With the dollar dropping precipitously in the world markets , President Bush negotiates with Canadian and Mexican leaders for a Security and Protection Pact that will create the North American Union with its own currency , the Amero .
An unwanted war rages on in Iraq while US leaders press for another war in the Middle East , this time against Iran for seeking nuclear power for electricity , their right under international treaty .
Violating Iran ’s rights is a violation of US law as well as international law but no one can arrest the US leaders who have taken this position .
The rule of law has become a quaint artifact of another time .
Al Qaeda did n’t create the thuggery and treason around us .
That ’s the doing of those who hate us for our freedoms .
We have entered the period of chaos which precedes martial law but Al Qaeda is n’t responsible .
Arabs and Muslims did n’t do this .
It was done by those who hate us for our freedoms .
These people who hate us for our freedoms are the ones who told us that 9 - 11 was done by those who hate us for our freedoms .
In telling us their lies we can see through their propaganda and illusion to the truth .
Garet Garrett wrote :
There are those who have never ceased to say very earnestly , " Something is going to happen to the American form of government if we do n’t watch out . "
These were the innocent disarmers .
Their trust was in words .
They had forgotten their Aristotle .
More than 2,000 years ago he wrote of what can happen within the form , when " one thing takes the place of another , so that the ancient laws will remain , while the power will be in the hands of those who have brought about revolution in the state .
Franklin Delano Rosenfeld brought over 4,000 communists and socialists into US Government during his regime and declared a national emergency that made him a de facto dictator .
That national emergency was never ended .
We think that we have a Constitution and Bill of Rights that limit the power of government .
We think that our Declaration of Independence declares our independence .
We think that the American Revolutionand the American dream are our heritage and our destiny .
We think that we have a democratic republic and that our votes count , our voices are heard .
Such mirages should have evaporated in the Presidential Election of 2000 when the US Supreme Court stopped a legal recount of votes in Florida to give the win to George W. Bush , son of the man who had appointed them .
Such illusions should have disappeared when the Twin Towers dropped at the rate of free fall into their own footprints .
The immutable laws of physics should have helped us discern the truth from the propaganda .
But a century ago the Tavistock Institute discovered that only 13 % of the population can think for themselves .
The remaining 87 % depend upon " authorities " whose pieces of paper on their walls tout their academic superiority .
So we are left with the power of practical observation and a bit of logic to help us discover the truth from the fiction .
The horrible atrocity that was 9 - 11 was truly done by those who hate us for our freedoms .
It might be the only way that most people can see through the lies and propaganda .
In his address to a joint session of Congress following 9 - 11 , President George W. Bush told the truth in such a way that we were supposed to think that he meant al Qaeda .
He had twisted the truth into a lie .
What George told us was true !
They hate us for our freedoms !
Now you can see who planned and orchestrated 9 - 11 .
Perhaps now you can also understand the Bailout of the Banks .
The answer lies in the simple clue :
It was planned and orchestrated by those who hate us for our freedoms .
The old biblical truism , " By their fruits ye shall know them . "
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This week , McCain claimed that troop levels in Iraq had been “ drawn down to pre-surge levels ” .
He also claimed that Mosul was “ quiet ” .
Unfortunately , neither of these is true .
Before the surge , there were 128,569 troops in Iraq , and there are currently around 155,000 , and news reports are calling Mosul the “ last urban bastion of al - Qaeda ” .
But when the Obama campaign pointed out the error , the McCain campaign refused to admit the mistakes .
Instead , they unleashed an attack , claiming that the Obama campaign and the media were “ nitpicking ” about “ verb tenses ” since the Pentagon has plans to draw down the troops by the end of the year .
McCain even denied making the original statement , despite the fact that he clearly said it — during a televised town hall meeting .
So , McCain , while trying to paint an overly rosy picture of the situation in Iraq , lies .
When the error is pointed out , his campaign denies that he said what he clearly said , and attacks the person who pointed out the mistake .
Unfortunately , reality still has a liberal bias .
Just like Bush ’s “ Mission Accomplished ” , McCain ca n’t seem to tell the difference between what he wants to be true , and what is actually true ( this is sometimes called being “ delusional ” ) .
http://blog.washingtonpost.com/fact-checker/2008/05/mccain_the_surge_and_verb_tens.html
As Governor , Palin Accepted $ 25,000 in Gifts
Created : September 26 , 2008 06:10 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
As if the McCain campaign did n’t have enough to worry about with Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ’s two cringe - inducing interview segments with Katie Couric on the CBS Evening News — and yet more to come .
Now The Washington Post drops this bombshell .
According to Alaska state records , during her tenure as governor , Palin accepted dozens of gifts worth a total of more than $ 25,000 from “ industry executives , municipalities and a cultural center whose board includes officials from some of the largest mining interests in the state . ”
Palin received the majority of these gifts in the early months of her administration , while she was pushing her much - ballyhooed ethics reform package through the state legislature — which banned state officials from accepting such gifts .
From The Post :
The 41 gifts Palin accepted during her 20 months as governor include honorific tributes , expensive artwork and free travel for a family member .
They also include more than $ 2,500 in personal items from Calista , a large Alaska native corporation with a variety of pending state regulatory and budgetary issues , and a gold - nugget pin valued at $ 1,200 from the city of Nome , which lobbies on municipal , local and capital budget matters , documents show .
About a quarter of the entities bestowing gifts on the governor are represented by one of Alaska ’s most influential mining lobbyists , who said in an interview that she was not involved in the tributes .
The lobbyist , Wendy Chamberlain , has a relationship with the governor ’s family through the friendship of their teenage daughters .
On forms disclosing the gifts , Palin , who is the Republican vice presidential nominee , routinely checked “ no ” when asked whether she was in a position to “ take official action that may affect the person who gave me the gift , ” and a spokeswoman for Sen .
John McCain ‘s presidential campaign said the gifts had no undue influence on her .
In response to e-mailed questions , Meghan Stapleton , who is based in Alaska for the McCain - Palin campaign , wrote : “ Throughout her career Gov. Palin has stood for the highest standards of ethics .
She spearheaded new ethics reforms in Alaska and took on her own party and entrenched interests to return Alaska ’s government to its people . ”
Records show that 23 of the gifts were offered during Palin ’s early months in office , when she was pushing the legislature to address a state corruption scandal by passing a package of ethics reforms .
She accepted 18 gifts after the law passed in July 2007 .
Among other provisions , the law forbade executive branch officials from taking gifts from lobbyists or from interests with pending state business .
According to the article , Palin introduced her ethics reform legislation in January 2007 , her first month in office .
That month , she accepted three gifts from Calista ’s chief executive , Matthew Nicolai : a $ 2,200 ivory puffin mask , a woven grass fan worth $ 300 and a $ 150 ivory necklace .
Nicolai , who did not return phone calls , runs the large corporation , which profits from a multibillion - dollar gold - mining operation on its land .
Palin , who holds significant sway over budgetary issues affecting cities , also accepted for “ personal use ” the gold - nugget pin from Nome .
Mayor Denise Michels said the memento was meant to remind the governor that “ Nome is a historic mining community . ”
Palin approved about $ 6 million in funding this year for a public safety building in the city .
“ Anything our state can do to help us in capital projects , we ’re very grateful , ” Michels said .
Palin ’s husband , Todd , also accepted two fact - finding trips sponsored by mining companies as gifts , according to The Post .
A list of all the gifts is available here .
The article does not appear to allege illegal activity .
But much like the “ Bridge to Nowhere ” and the hundreds of millions of dollars worth of earmarks Palin requested for her state , it clearly pokes another hole in the alternate reality that the McCain campaign has tried to create around Palin ’s record in Alaska .
As MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann noted Thursday on “ The Rachel Maddow Show , ” because Palin was a relative unknown on the national stage when McCain chose her as his running mate , the campaign saw in her a blank slate on which to project the image of their choosing — in this case , that of the maverick reformer , which neatly coincided with the image McCain has sought to project for himself .
However , the more information has come out about her past , the more difficult it is to square that image with the facts .
Prepare to be horrified …
Now , we know the right loves to exploit children for their anti-gay cause , but this has gone waaay too far !
Those bastards have employed little tots to not only spread their message – but sing it !
Belts little , tone deaf Irene , “ Oh my gosh , SOS , I ’d be lost and darn confused if my dad is a woman or my mom is a man .
Yes on Proposition 8 ! ” Cue Irene ’s little friend , Calvin , who ’s oh - so - confused , which leads Irene to explain : “ If not enough people vote “ yes , ” then a man can marry a man , or a woman can marry a woman , and have kids , so my dad could be a woman and my mom could be a man . ”
This is sick , disturbing shit .
Ted Stevens Must Resign !
by : Americans against government corruption
recipient : Alaska Senator Ted Stevens
Alaska Senator Ted Stevens was convicted of all charges in his corruption case - but he is still keeping his seat in the Senate and remains on the ballot this November to serve for another term !
Call on him to resign his seat immediately and withdraw his name from the ballot in November !
The corruption trial centered around whether Stevens hid tens of thousands of dollars in gifts and renovations at his Alaska home done free of charge to the Stevens family by an oil and energy services company .
The jury found him guilty in all seven counts in the corruption trial .
Our lawmakers in Washington should not be corrupt - and after being found corrupt , they certainly should not be able to keep their Senate seats , nor keep their names on the ballot for re-election !
Call on Senator Stevens to resign and remove his name from contention on November 4 .
read petition letter ▾
We the undersigned believe that your conviction in a court of law on seven counts of corruption means that you should no longer serve in the U.S. Senate .
Please resign your seat today , and remove yourself from the ballot this November .
Make up yang esktra bisa digunakan ke konser musik
Konser musik merupakan sebuah acara yang selalu ditunggu - tunggu oleh penggemarnya .
Tidak jarang orang - orang terutama perempuan datang dengan make up yang ekstra untuk menunjang penampilannya saat sing along bersama penyanyi favorit mereka dan penonton lain yang hadir meramaikan konser musik tertentu .
Suasana yang hadir di suatu festival musik tentunya berbeda , namun di setiap kesempatan tidak ada salahnya jika Anda ingin menunjukkan penampilan terbaik Anda dan tampil sedikit berbeda dari biasanya .
Nah jika Anda memutuskan untuk datang ke sebuah konser musik , maka Anda boleh mengenakan pakaian apapun selama sesuai dengan konteks acara .
Tidak hanya mempertimbangkan outfit yang pas , namun Anda bisa semakin maksimal dengan make up yang terlihat outstanding di acara musik .
Karena biasanya konser musik diadakan secara outdoor , maka gunakanlah bahan make up yang tahan lama .
Selain itu sebagai penunjang , gunakanlah make up berikut agar Anda terlihat berbeda dan semakin kece .
Gunakan Highlighter
Salah satu jenis make up yang wajib Anda gunakan saat datang ke konser musik adalah highlighter .
Highlighter sudah terkenal sejak 2018 dan semakin populer saat ini .
Make up ini tersedia dalam beberapa shade misalnya gold , rosegold atau silver .
Sesuaikan dengan tone kulit Anda ya !
Pengaplikasian highlighter bisa diperkuat di bagian mata .
Sebisa mungkin Anda mencari perpaduan warna eyeshadow yang pas dengan kepribadian Anda .
Untuk tampilan yang glowing namun terlihat warm , Anda bisa menambahkan bronzer di bagian cheekbones dan jangan lupa untuk menggunakan gems atau aksesori yang ditempelkan di wajah .
Gunakan gems di antara alis agar hasilnya lebih maksimal .
Dijamin make up Anda akan sangat menarik di acara konser musik .
Face Gems
Aksesori satu ini merupakan aksen yang sangat khas di festival musik .
Beberapa waktu belakangan , alat ini sangat happening di berbagai acara musik .
Festival look yang sering dipakai oleh generasi Z dan millennial saat datang ke konser musik adalah penggunaan gems atau batu - batuan dengan bentuk yang cantik .
Agar pengaplikasiannya tepat , Anda bisa menempelkan gems di atas alis dan di tengah antara kedua alis .
Atau Anda juga bisa menggunakannya di bagian ujung mata .
Namun penggunaannya harus dengan teliti dan hati - hati ya !
Karena ukuran gems ini kecil khawatir masuk ke bagian mata sehingga membuat selaput mata Anda iritasi .
Ombre Lips
Di bagian bibir juga bisa dikreasikan dengan gaya ombre lips yang sedang digandrungi oleh remaja .
Ombre lips diadaptasi dari gaya Korean Look , di mana bagian luar bibir diberi warna terang , sedangkan di bagian dalam bibir ditaruh warna yang cenderung lebih gelap .
Kalau make up ini tentatif ya .
Jika Anda mengaplikasikan model ombre lips , bisa memberi kesan dramatis dalam tampilan Anda di konser musik .
Agar berbeda dari biasanya , Anda bisa mengombre warna yang tidak pernah Anda pakai sebelumnya agar memberi kesan yang fresh pada tampilan Anda .
Glitter Freckles
Dari dulu hingga kini efek glittery masih menjadi andalan dalam festival look yang paling berhasil .
Namun jika terlalu membosankan , Anda bisa mengganti glitter di bibir atau area mata dengan glitter freckles .
Kesan dramatis mata yang tidak biasa ini bisa langsung menjadi pusat perhatian .
Namun pengaplikasiannya jangan terlalu berlebihan juga , ya !
Hiasan Bawah Mata
Bubuhi hiasan mata semacam glitter di bawah mata agar terlihat lebih ceria dan colorful saat datang ke konser musik .
Gaya ini terkesan sepele namun jika sudah diaplikasikan , Anda akan melihat betapa berbedanya tampilan Anda .
Pilih hiasan bawah mata berwarna putih agar kesan “ wow ” bisa terlihat di satu titik .
Sebagai sedikit tambahan , Anda bisa mengaplikasikan eyeshadow berwarna putih pada area bawah mata .
Metallic Face Paint
Untuk riasan yang satu ini , Anda mungkin membutuhkan kemampuan ekstra dalam bermake up .
Sebab , penggunaan make up metallic agak sedikit sulit dan membutuhkan keahlian khusus dalam pengaplikasiannya .
Namun untuk menyiasati make up metallic ini agar tampak tidak terlalu berlebihan , Anda bisa memilih salah satu area di wajah yang ingin ditonjolkan untuk mendapatkan kesan ini , misalnya di area mata .
Cheek Star
Selain glitter , penggunaan star - stuff lainya pun memberi sentuhan yang menarik pada tampilan Anda di konser musik .
Agar penampilannya terlihat maksimal , pastikan area mata diberi kesan dramatis dengan pemilihan warna eyeshadow yang tepat dan penggunaan star - stuff ini hanya sebagai pelengkap dari make up festival Anda .
Pemilihan hair do yang bisa diterapkan adalah two - side bun hair atau two - side bride hair .
Atau gunakan gaya rambut yang sesuai dengan kesukaan Anda .
Pastikan tidak terlalu menyulitkan Anda .
Itulah 7 inspirasi make up yang bisa Anda gunakan untuk datang ke konser musik artis kesukaan Anda .
Ingatlah untuk tampil ekstra namun tidak berlebihan .
Gunakanlah beberapa item yang dapat menunjang penampilan Anda selama konser berlangsung .
Selain itu pilihlah outfit yang nyaman digunakan , karena konser musik pasti akan berlangsung cukup lama dan jika Anda tidak menggunakan pakaian yang nyaman akan sia-sia dan tidak dapat menikmati musik .
Selamat mencoba !
Toshiba ’s SCiB 24V/4.2Ah module will be installed in the Tailwind , a new electric bicycle Cannondale Sports Group will bring to market under the Schwinn Bicycles brand .
Commercial launch of the Tailwind is scheduled for early 2009 .
Cannondale Sports Group , a global provider of branded bicycles and a division of Dorel Industries , Inc. , has selected the new Toshiba fast - charging SCiB ( Super Charge ion Battery ) lithium - ion battery ( earlier post ) to provide the power battery module for a new electric bicycle for the North American and European markets .
For the SCiB , Toshiba adopted a new lithium - titanate anode material offering a high level of thermal stability ; a high flash point electrolyte ; and a structure resistant to internal short circuiting and thermal runaway .
Toshiba claims that the SCiB has an input - output performance equivalent to that of an electric double layer capacitor .
This feature is suited to high - power applications .
However , cell voltage is only 2.4 V ( the anode is 1.4 V versus lithium ) and it has a low capacity density of about half that of graphite .
Capacity loss after 3,000 cycles of rapid charge and discharge is less than 10 % .
SCiB has a long cycle life , and is able to repeat the charge - discharge cycle more than 6,000 times .
The SCiB is housed in an SCiB Battery Module comprising ten 4.2 ampere - hour ( Ah ) SCiB cells aligned in series connection , plus a battery management system .
The safety characteristics of SCiB allow recharge with a current as large as 50A , allowing the SCiB Cell and SCiB Standard Module to recharge to 90 % of full capacity in only five minutes , according to Toshiba .
Toshiba is developing a 3.0
Ah high - power version of the SCiB cell specifically for hybrid electric vehicle ( HEV ) applications .
Toshiba says that it intends to extend the application of the high - power SCiB to electric cars in the future , after advancing development of a higher - performance SCiB cell .
SCiB and the Schwinn Tailwind electric bike , the first commercial application of SCiB , is on display at Interbike 2008 ( 24 - 26 September ) , the largest bicycle trade show in North America .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Plunging commodity prices could drag U.S. inflation below zero next year and the Federal Reserve will have to stay alert to the risk of a damaging deflation that could erode the economy even if it worries that low interest rates could spark inflation over the longer term .
U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke waits to speak to the National Association for Business Economics ( NABE ) about the current state of the economy in Washington , October 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mitch Dumke
The Fed ’s emergency action to offset the credit crisis has included slashing interest rates to 1.5 percent and pumping well over $ 1 trillion into financial markets , which has doubled the size of the Fed ’s balance sheet and sent the U.S. money supply soaring .
At some point this could create price pressures , especially if the Fed lowers rates further as many economists expect .
Right now , however , it looks like good insurance against an even more damaging dose of deflation .
Deflation is a prolonged and widespread decline in prices that causes consumers and businesses to curbing spending as they wait for prices to fall further .
It also increases the burden of any given amount of debt .
Fears of a global recession have triggered a slump in oil prices , which fell to about $ 70 a barrel last week from a record peak in July of $ 147 .
There has also been a collapse in inflation expectations as measured by the yield spread between 10 - year U.S. Treasuries and inflation - index bonds .
The spread has shrunk to just 90 basis points from 270 basis points over the last three months .
“ Bond markets are more worried about deflation than inflation , ” said Michael Darda , chief economist at MKM partners in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn noted in a speech on Wednesday that lower commodity prices should lead to a sharp reduction in headline inflation .
Dean Maki , chief U.S. economist at Barclays Capital in New York , estimates that the year - on - year change in U.S. consumer inflation will slip to zero or even fall slightly by July .
COMPLICATING POLICY
Policy - makers will not be too concerned that a potentially damaging deflation is taking root , provided the decline does not start showing up in so - called core inflation , which excludes energy and food prices .
But if the economy is still weak and core prices converge downward toward headline inflation near zero , the U.S. central bank could become concerned .
Japan confronted a period of damaging deflation after its property and stock market bubbles burst in the early 1990s , inflicting a “ lost decade ” of economic stagnation .
Some analysts fear the United States faces a similar threat from its housing meltdown .
If deflation risks were to rise , it would make it harder for the Fed to gauge when it should begin withdrawing the enormous monetary stimulus it has unleashed to protect the U.S. economy , and this could lead to policy mistakes .
“ I think deflation Japan - style is unlikely here .
Higher inflation here seems unlikely for a year or two , but I worry about the longer run outlook , ” said William Poole , a senior fellow at the Cato Institute who retired as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis in March .
When former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan declared in 2003 that he wanted a broad firebreak to guard against deflation , the Fed wound up cutting interest rates to 1 percent and keeping them there for a year .
Many now claim that this laid the foundation for the current credit crisis by inflating the housing bubble .
During that episode , as now , the Fed looked to Japan ’s experience to inform its own behavior .
U.S. policy - makers believe that unlike earlier this decade , the risk of a fresh bubble is very small since credit is not available .
This belief has given them the comfort to move aggressively to settle markets and protect the economy .
“ If they were doing nothing , you could very well have a deflationary collapse , ” Darda said .
“ Central banks of the world know how to stop deflation .
You just print enough money . ”
Sarah Palin blunders over talks with British ambassador that never took place as her first TV debate looms
Half of U.S. voters think John McCain is too old to be president
Sarah Palin has committed yet another political blunder after claiming she had held talks with a British ambassador - talks that never actually took place .
In an answer to questions about her foreign policy experience ahead of tonight 's make - or - break vice presidential TV debate , her aides listed numerous contacts with foreign officials - including Britain 's ambassador to Washington , Sir Nigel Sheinwald .
However the meeting never occurred .
Officials at the embassy swiftly contacted the McCain - Palin campaign to inform them of the discrepancy .
A British Embassy spokesman said the error arose after Sir Nigel 's name was listed among those who had attended a US Governor 's meeting in July .
Blunder : Sarah Palin has been forced to apologise after she mistakenly claimed she had met with British ambassador Nigel Sheinwald at an event which he did not actually attend
Mrs Palin was at the meeting in her role as Governor of Alaska .
However Sir Nigel pulled out at the last minute , leaving his name on the guest list .
The embarrassing mishap comes as Mrs Palin faces the biggest challenge of her political life tonight in a head - to - head vice - presidential debate with Democratic candidate Joe Biden .
In what has been billed as the must - see TV event of the election campaign , the self - styled " pitbull in lipstick " has the future of John McCain 's White House bid in her hands .
Senior Republicans acknowledge that - bearing in mind the Alaska governor 's lack of political experience - an embarrassing performance before a TV audience of more than 50 million could kill off Mr McCain 's campaign .
The debate comes as a new poll dealt a blow to the McCain campaign , showing that half of voters are uncomfortable with Mr McCain taking office at age 72 .
Ms Palin goes up against Joe Biden tonight in a debate moderated by Gwen Ifill
Sixty per cent of those polled in total said Palin did not have the experience to be president , up from 45 per cent in a similar survey a month ago , the Washington Post / ABC News poll said .
But if the 44 - year - old can hold her own against Mr Biden , 65 , she will have gone a long way towards silencing her many critics .
Never before in the US election history has so much been riding on a single vice presidential debate .
Such is the interest in the moose - hunting mother of five from Alaska that her debate has almost grabbed as much attention in the US media as the struggle to sort out Wall Street .
TV executive Chuck Todd , political director for the NBC network , said : " Whether you 're a fan of hers or not , it 's a white - knuckle affair . "
It is mostly Republicans who have the white knuckles as they await the outcome of the 90 - minute debate at Washington University in St Louis .
Concern has been mounting Mrs Palin does not have what it takes to be a heartbeat away from the presidency .
Scene setter :
Two students help ready the set for tonight 's showdown
She has faced widespread ridicule for the few interviews she has granted , including for citing Alaska 's proximity to Canada and Russia as giving her foreign policy experience .
The debate will be the first time millions of Americans will have seen her in a question and answer forum .
Mrs Palin has spent 48 hours closeted at Mr McCain 's ranch near Sedona , Arizona , to prepare for the contest .
In particular she has undergone an intensive crash course in foreign policy - a perceived weak area that Democrats hope to exploit .
The encounter follows last week 's first presidential debate between Mr Obama and Mr McCain .
Opinion polls judged Mr Obama the winner , and the Illinois senator has since solidified his lead in national polls and gained ground on Mr McCain in some crucial battleground states .
A flurry of new surveys showed Obama with significant leads in traditional battlegrounds like Florida , Pennsylvania and Ohio , and building a solid edge in states like Virginia and Nevada where Democratic presidential contenders rarely do well .
Barack Obama , right , has taken a significant lead since his televised debate showdown with John McCain last week
Mr Obama has picked up steam during the crisis on Wall Street over the last two weeks , with polls showing voters preferring his economic leadership .
Mr Obama and Mr McCain , an Arizona senator , voted for the $ 700 billion financial bailout in the Senate last night .
The television audience for the vice presidential debate on the campus of Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , could surpass the 52 million who watched the debate between McCain and Obama last week and could become the most watched vice presidential debate ever .
The previous record was the nearly 57 million who watched the 1984 debate between then - Vice President George H.W. Bush , the current president 's father , and Geraldine Ferraro , the first woman vice presidential nominee for a major party .
Ms Palin and Mr Biden have spent several days off the campaign trail to prepare .
Ms Palin has been at Mr McCain 's Arizona retreat and Mr Biden at home in Delaware .
Both camps have tried to drive up expectations for their opponent .
" I 've been hearing about his Senate speeches since I was in , like , second grade , " Ms Palin , 44 , told CBS News in a sly reference to their differences in age .
" I 'm the new energy , the new face , the new ideas -- and he 's got the experience . "
Obama aides said they have studied her debates during her 2006 campaign for governor of Alaska .
" Anyone who has watched any of her earlier debates would agree she is a skilled debater , " Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said .
Ambrett Spencer sat up in bed .
It was 2:40 a.m. , and the pain in her stomach was not right .
She was nine months pregnant , but this did n't feel like labor pains .
She 'd been pregnant before , and given birth to a healthy boy .
This was different .
So Spencer climbed out of her bed and called for medical help .
But she was n't at home .
Info Sheriff Joe Arpaio
Spencer was sleeping in Bunk 69 at Maricopa County 's Estrella Jail in west Phoenix .
Months before she got pregnant , Spencer , 30 , had been arrested for drunk driving and pleaded guilty .
She was now serving her sentence .
( When she became pregnant , she was in treatment and not drinking , she says . )
Doctor visits had confirmed that she was pregnant with a healthy baby girl .
Spencer and her attorney declined interview requests , but the records in an ongoing lawsuit she 's filed against Sheriff Joe Arpaio tell the story .
As one of Arpaio 's inmates , Spencer had no way of calling a doctor that night , April 21 , 2006 .
The best she could do was call for the detention officer working the graveyard shift .
In the month she 'd been in the jail , Spencer had seen plenty of inmates turned away when requesting medical attention , so she was relieved when the guard called the infirmary at a little after 3 a.m .
The infirmary nurse asked how bad the pain was .
On a scale of one to 10 , Spencer said it was a 10 .
The nurse told her to go immediately to the infirmary .
So Spencer got ready for a trip to medical .
Then she waited .
The sergeant on duty decided that Spencer was not top priority , he said later in a sheriff 's report about the incident .
About an hour after she requested help , Spencer was escorted to the infirmary .
The one healthcare professional on the premises , a nurse , took Spencer 's blood pressure .
She also detected the baby 's heartbeat , around 4 a.m .
The nurse — who later admitted she had no prenatal training — told Spencer that she'd be going to the hospital , but she also decided that Spencer 's pain was not an emergency .
Another hour later , Spencer passed out .
The nurse took her blood pressure again ; it was fatally low .
The nurse called an ambulance and tried to get an IV into Spencer 's arm .
She could n't .
When EMT Jarrid Ortiz arrived , Spencer , who is African - American , had lost so much color it was clear to him that it was an emergency .
" If you are turning that color , you 're not getting enough blood to your organs and skin , " Ortiz later told a sheriff 's detective .
By the time the ambulance arrived at the Maricopa County Hospital , Spencer had been in severe pain and without a doctor for almost four hours .
Doctors delivered Ambria Renee Spencer , a 9 - pound baby girl with a quarter - inch of thick hair on her head .
Ambria was dead .
Spencer 's pain had been caused by internal bleeding — a malady known as placental abruption .
Babies often survive the condition , if their mothers go immediately to a hospital .
The treatment is simple : immediate delivery .
Otherwise , the baby dies from blood loss .
Inmates in Arpaio 's jails are n't usually allowed to see their babies after birth .
Despite protests from the jail guard , hospital employees brought baby Ambria to Spencer , so she could see her daughter before the funeral .
Spencer described the moment for attorneys in her deposition .
" I kept praying that she would just open her eyes because she looked like she was alive . "
Ambrett Spencer was one of 1,578 pregnant women who passed through Arpaio 's jails in 2006 , county records show .
Only 42 of those women gave birth while in custody .
Spencer pleaded guilty to two DUIs and served her time .
Now she 's out , and she 's suing Joe Arpaio and the county 's Correctional Health Services department .
Spencer believes delayed medical care caused her baby 's death .
She 's not the only inmate to say so .
Four other inmates or their family members have contacted New Times this year , describing miscarriages , stillbirths , or harsh conditions for pregnant women in Arpaio 's jails .
They blame poor medical care or , at times , no medical care .
They also say that rotten food , potentially contaminated water , a lack of prenatal vitamins , and careless detention officers contribute to the problems .
Records show the claims may not be groundless .
For example , the water well in the facility where pregnant women are jailed has been infested with mice and mice feces since 2005 , Maricopa County Environmental Health Services Records show .
Mice carry a parasite — toxoplasma — that can infect water and cause birth defects , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
It 's so dangerous that the CDC says pregnant women should n't even touch litter boxes — because cats eat mice and their feces can contain the parasite .
" Most infected infants do not have symptoms at birth but can develop serious symptoms later in life , such as blindness or mental disability , " the CDC writes in its description .
" Occasionally infected newborns have serious eye or brain damage at birth . "
In addition to that parasite , Dr. Leslie Barton , a pediatrics professor at the University of Arizona School of Medicine , has found that mice feces and urine also carry a virus that can cause birth defects , including chromosomal defects .
It 's not just the water .
Last week a federal judge ruled that Arpaio 's current jail conditions violate the U.S. Constitution , specifically when it comes to healthcare , overcrowding , and access to medication .
U.S. District Court Judge Neil
Wake issued a list of 15 changes — including diet , medical care , and medication — that Arpaio must make by December .
A month before that ruling , the jails also lost their national health accreditation , which is required by state law .
Arpaio does not deny that his jails are tough .
He 's actually built his career on claims that he does n't coddle criminals .
Into the fray of Arpaio's " tough " jails come about 1,500 pregnant inmates each year .
Some of them say their care hardly differs from what 's given the other inmates .
That is ironic , since Joe Arpaio claims to care about the unborn in his jails .
In 2005 , he refused to allow inmate abortions .
Arpaio fought that battle all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , where he lost .
A person like Ambrett Spencer — who admits she drove drunk more than once — deserves to be punished .
But jail does not have to be a potentially unsafe place for an unborn child .
Unlike Maricopa County , many other correctional facilities in the U.S. offer programs to care for pregnant women .
Dr. Mary Byrne , professor of clinical healthcare for the underserved at Columbia University , has studied prenatal care in jails and prisons for years .
She points to the state of New York as a model .
There , all pregnant inmates are sent to a maximum - security prison where they take birthing and parenting classes .
It 's worked so well that six other states have adopted similar programs .
In 2005 , the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department in California started its own program — after jail nurses and doctors realized that many pregnant inmates were getting depressed .
" Nurses and social workers at the jail and at the hospital noticed that inmates giving birth were usually scared , alone , unsure of their baby 's fate and often ill - equipped to deal with the situations and decisions confronting them after giving birth , " nursing director Debby Lucas wrote in a review of the program .
As a result , the San Bernardino jail started Lamaze childbirth classes , as well as parenting classes for pregnant inmates .
The Monroe County Jail in New York offers prenatal care as part of its rehabilitation for pregnant inmates .
Mothers - to - be can also get tutoring about rape crisis , family planning , smoking cessation , and community resources .
In Seattle , the King County Jail brings in social workers and nurses every Wednesday to train pregnant inmates in prenatal care , examine their health , and answer questions .
Some social workers even keep in touch with pregnant inmates after their release .
In Arpaio 's jail , pregnant inmates say the only prenatal care they get is a bottom bunk , an extra blanket , a " snack " ( which is sometimes inedible , they say ) , and prenatal vitamins — if the vitamins come that day .
In September , New Times asked to talk to the jail 's healthcare director about prenatal care .
Correctional Health Services has not yet scheduled an interview with its director , Betty Adams .
Former inmates have been far more willing to speak .
Michelle McCollum was in the first trimester of her pregnancy when she awaited trial in 2005 for possession of marijuana .
She later pleaded guilty and was sentenced to probation .
McCollum blames unchecked violence and delayed medical care for the loss of her pregnancy .
On August 21 , 2005 , she was attacked by two other inmates , she says in an affidavit filed in the lawsuit that recently found jail conditions unconstitutional .
Two inmates punched McCollum in the stomach repeatedly .
After the attack , she and another inmate cried to guards for help .
But McCollum writes that detention officers refused to bring her to the infirmary — even after she told them she was pregnant and injured .
Three days after the attack , McCollum 's bleeding would n't stop .
She was finally taken to the Maricopa County Hospital .
There , doctors said she had miscarried and ordered that she return to the hospital for a checkup .
Despite her reminders , jail personnel did not take McCollum back to the hospital .
On September 17 , she began bleeding again .
The bleeding would n't stop .
An ambulance finally rushed McCollum back to the hospital — where doctors gave her a blood transfusion because she had lost so much blood .
Then they performed a procedure called a D&C , which removed the remains of the pregnancy .
Lilly Lee recently got out of the Estrella Jail .
Upon her release , she called New Times to spread the word about pregnant inmates .
" The detention officers knew these women were undergoing miscarriages , and we were telling them , " she says .
" They just would n't do anything .
There were a lot of things going on in there that I do n't think a lot of people know . "
Michael Bergman , an executive chef , agrees .
His fiancée , Reyna Dziovecki , was in the jail for only two days , but it was enough to make him fear for the life of their baby .
The charges against Dziovecki have since been dropped .
" She was eight months pregnant .
She literally did n't eat anything from 5 p.m. one night to 6:45 a.m. two days later , " he says .
Bergman says he spent that time running from one downtown building to another , trying to bond his fiancée out .
He finally did .
" You never really pay attention to this stuff until it happens to you .
Then it does , and it 's just scary how they treat people , " he says .
Ambrett Spencer acknowledged in court that she deserved jail time for her actions .
On May 21 , 2005 , she made a potentially deadly choice by driving drunk .
Instead of killing anyone , though , Spencer caused a minor fender - bender when she bumped into another car while stopping at an intersection .
The other driver was not injured .
When the cops arrived , Spencer confessed to driving under the influence .
Not that she needed to .
She blew a .204 B.A.C .
Spencer started alcohol treatment at Terros Rehab in west Phoenix .
Months later , she got pregnant .
Spencer was 30 and excited to have a second child .
She hoped to marry her fiancé , Kenny , the baby 's father .
In March 2006 , Spencer pleaded guilty to two DUIs and received a 2 1/2 - year sentence .
Spencer had been in the jail for about a month when the baby was born .
Spencer worked at hospitals for six years , registering pregnant mothers when they came in to give birth .
Based on that experience , she says , she would have headed straight for a hospital had she not been in the jail that night .
Drug use plays a factor in many jail pregnancies , but Spencer 's baby had no drugs in her system , nor did she show any symptoms of fetal alcohol syndrome , a county autopsy reveals .
The Maricopa County Medical Examiner concluded that Spencer 's baby died from placental abruption — a malady that occurs naturally in about one in 100 near - term pregnancies .
Dr. Michael Foley , an OB / GYN at Scottsdale Healthcare , explains abruption as the separation of the placenta from the wall of the womb .
That separation results in bleeding and a loss of blood to the baby .
The condition is not usually fatal , if the mother gets to a hospital , says Dr. Ingrid Haas , another OB / GYN .
The treatment for abruption is simple , both doctors agreed : immediate delivery .
The longer the delay , the less likely that the baby will survive .
( Both doctors declined to speak about Spencer specifically , but spoke about abruption in general terms . )
Haas has never seen a placental abruption end in death — that is , when the mother went straight to the hospital .
" Likelihood of survival is very good if the woman is full - term and goes straight to the hospital , " she said .
She added that the fastest abruption she 's ever seen was n't complete until one hour after the severe pain started .
That would explain why Spencer 's baby still had a heartbeat around 4 a.m. — more than an hour after the pain began .
When Spencer 's lawsuit goes to trial , possibly next year , medical experts will likely say that her baby would have survived — if Spencer had been taken straight to the hospital .
Ultimately , a judge or jury will decide whether Arpaio 's guards and health staff were at fault .
In the county 's favor is the fact that placental abruption can be difficult to diagnose .
But Spencer 's attorney , Joel Robbins , writes that the abruption would have been diagnosed — if Spencer had seen an actual doctor .
" Despite Ambrett 's obvious pain and distress , Defendants waited hours to obtain emergency treatment for Ambrett , " he writes .
Arpaio and the county deny any wrongdoing , though they do acknowledge that Spencer complained of pain .
Dennis Wilenchik , the county 's contract attorney , wrote in a court brief that staff took Spencer 's vitals , documented the fetal heart rate , and then called for an ambulance at 4:44 a.m .
The county blames Southwest Ambulance — for not transporting Spencer to the hospital quickly enough .
Wilenchik writes that Southwest took nearly an hour to get Spencer to the hospital .
By the county 's own records , however , Southwest Ambulance was not called until almost two hours after jail staff knew about Spencer 's pain .
Spencer blames the jail for keeping her from a hospital .
" I 'm not blaming anyone for the placental abruption , " she says in her deposition , but " they could have gotten me to the hospital sooner .
They could have gotten me up to medical sooner . . .
Why did n't I see the doctor ?
That 's a question that I 've gone over in my head a billion times .
A doctor never came in there to see me . "
If her baby had survived , today Ambria Spencer would be 2 years old .
I just found myself wishing for automatic CRUD , for quick and simple administrative tasks , as it turned out a very easy thing to add .
The first thing we have to do is move the label selection from having to be explicitly declared in the insert / update form – like we are doing now – to the model :
class Company extends Mdl{ public $ label = ' ticker ' ; ...
In this case the short name ( ticker ) for the company will be used as the label in drop downs .
The functionality itself has been implemented by extending Ctrl with AdminCtrl :
class AdminCtrl extends Ctrl{ function init ( $ name ) { parent : : init ( $ name ) ; $ tmp = array ( ' id ' , ' created_at ' , ' updated_at ' ) ; $ this -> hidden = array_combine ( $tmp , $ tmp ) ; $ this -> update_list = true ; $ this -> delete_list = true ; $ this -> setS ( ' pop ' , NULL ) ; } ...
First we create an array with fields we do n’t want to mess with in the insert / update forms .
Next we set default values of whether to show update and / or delete links for the current table , default is true / yes .
Lastly we do away with pre-population completely , in fact we do n’t do any validating at all in the models at the moment , even though the system would allow it .
Validation will work but nothing will re-populate .
function listAll ( ) { $ this -> assign ( ' update ' , $ this ->update_list ) ; $ this -> assign ( ' delete ' , $ this -> delete_list ) ; $ this ->assign ( ' columns ' , array_keys ( $ this ->t->getColumns ( ) ) ) ; $ this ->assign ( ' items ' , $ this ->findAllArr ( ) ) ; $ this ->assignRelations ( ) ; return $ this -> fetch ( '../list.tpl' ) ; }
Retrieval , we simply list everything without pagination or proper search forms .
With the logic we already have in place in Ctrl it should be trivial to add , no need at the moment though .
First we assign the update / delete yes / no stuff .
Next we assign various relations we need in the template :
function assignRelations ( ) { foreach ( $ this ->t-> getRelations ( ) as $ key => $ value ) { $ relations [ $ value -> getLocal ( ) ] [ ' label ' ] = $ this ->getMdl( $value->getClass ( ) ) -> label ; $ relations [ $ value-> getLocal ( ) ] [ ' Mdl ' ] = $ value -> getClass ( ) ; } $ this -> assign ( ' relations ' , $ relations ) ; }
We use Doctrine : : Table ( $ this - >t ) to get the relations , currently only single relations – $ this -> has One ( ‘ Company ’ , array ( ‘ local ’ => ‘ company ’ , ‘ foreign ’ => ‘ id ’ ) ) – have been tested since they are the ones commonly used in select boxes ( we could even test for single and do nothing in case of multiple with isOneToOne ( ) ) .
Anyway , we iterate through the relations and use the local field name as the key , in this case company .
Next we get the label by getting the class name , Company , and using it to get the model object which has the label member variable .
We also store the class name in ‘ Mdl ‘ .
Time for the HTML ( list.tpl ) :
< a href= " {$ base_dir}form " >
Insert new </a>< br> < table > < tr > { foreach from=$columns item=c} < td>< strong >{$c}</strong></td> {/ foreach} </tr > { foreach from =$items item=i} < tr class= " {cycle values =" tr_light , tr_dark " } " > { foreach from =$i key=c item=val} < td > { if !empty ( $relations.$c ) } {obj->getLbl lbl=$relations.$c.label mdl=$relations.$c.
Mdl id =$i.$c} {else} { $val} { / if} </td > { / foreach} {if $ update == true} < td >< a href= " {$ base_dir}form/id/{$i.id} " >
Edit</a></td>
{ / if} { if $ update == true} < td >< a href= " {$ base_dir}delete/id/{$i.id} " >
Delete</a></td> {/if} </tr > {/ foreach} </ table >
We draw the column names as headlines to the table , then we loop through all our items .
If the entry for the current column , for instance company is n’t empty we assume a one to one relation and fetch the label value ( ticker ) we have fought so hard to get to , instead of the company id value stored in company .
Note the dot syntax Smarty uses to access associative arrays , nice .
If we do n’t have a relation we simply display the value as is .
Finally we show or do n’t show the update / delete links we discussed earlier .
Here ’s getLbl( ) in AdminCtrl :
function getLbl ( $p , &$s ) { return $ this -> get Ctrl ( $ p [ ' mdl ' ] ) -> find ( $ p [ ' id ' ] ) ->$ p[ ' lbl ' ] ; }
Not a hell of a lot to say here , we get the controller in question and use that to find the record , and finally use the passed label information to get at the contents of the label variable ( ticker ) .
A less resource hungry alternative would be to use DQL here but I do n’t need this code to be quick so I do n’t care .
Let ’s continue with more functionality in the AdminCtrl :
function formCommon ( $ f_head , $ type , $ tpl = " ../ ui.tpl " ) { $ this ->assign ( ' columns ' , array_diff_key ( $ this ->t-> getColumns ( ) , $ this -> hidden ) ) ; $ this ->assignRelations ( ) ; return parent :: formCommon ( $ f_head , $ type , $ tpl ) ; }
This is in fact the only change we need to make to the current logic , adding the relations and filtering out some columns .
In ui.tpl :
< form {$ form_head} > < table > { foreach from=$columns key=c item=info} < tr > < td>{$c} : </td > < td > { if !empty ( $relations.$c ) } {obj->selBox lbl=$relations.$c.label mdl=$relations.$c.
Mdl idname=$c} {elseif $ info.length > 500} {obj-> textArea idname=$c} {else} {obj->textBox idname=$c} {/ if} </td > </tr> {/ foreach} </ table > < input type =" submit " value= " Submit " > </ form >
Note the use of basically the same information we used in the listing , where we got a label , to fetch a proper select box .
It ’s the same principle , instead of a label for a specific record we now need to get labels for all entries in the whole table , selBox ( ) has already been explained though so we do n’t go there .
If the text is longer than 500 characters we go for a text area instead of a box , otherwise we go for a box .
This is the place to for instance implement a radio group for booleans if it ’s needed .
At last an example of a controller implementing this :
class CompanyCtrl extends AdminCtrl{ function init ( $name ) { parent : : init ( $name ) ; $ this -> update_list = false ; $ this -> delete_list = false ; } }
And that was that , the basics of automatic form generation using our Doctrine and Smarty combo .
Related Posts
Fergie And Josh Duhamel Set Wedding Date
Fergie , 33 , and Josh Duhamel , 35 , who have been engaged since last Christmas , have reportedly finally set a wedding date .
A source close to the couple says they are getting married in June 2009 and have finally started planning their nuptials .
“ Fergie has just started interviewing wedding planners .
She ’s also working with Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld on getting her fantasy gown . ”
It has also been claimed that Fergie Josh , who have been dating since September 2004 , have refused to rush into any planning because they want every minor detail to be perfect .
The source added :
“ They are taking their time to get everything right .
They only plan on getting married once . ”
After announcing the engagement , Fergie said :
“ I have a big stack of wedding magazines , and I ’ve never picked one up before in my life .
I ’ve been touring for a long time , and I want to go home this summer and spend time with my family and get in the studio and just take some time to think about everything . ”
photo : WENN
( CNN ) -- Gas shortages are afflicting drivers across the Southeast .
Some of the problems were caused by Hurricane Ike affecting oil production and refining along the Gulf Coast , but empty gas pumps also are being blamed on the consumers themselves .
CNN affiliates are reporting on the effects of the shortages that have caused many gas stations to shut down and many drivers to become frustrated .
Asheville , North Carolina
City officials in Asheville have closed the civic center , parks and offices because of the gas shortage , CNN affiliate WHNS - TV reports .
Police also are monitoring stations that do have gas after reports of fights at pumps between drivers accusing each other of cutting in line .
" It 's been a nightmare for everybody , " one driver , who found gas Thursday , told the station .
Read WHNS report on how the shortage is affecting North Carolina
Athens , Georgia
A petroleum executive suggested that the football game between the University of Georgia and University of Alabama should be canceled this weekend because fans could drain all the gas in the Athens area , WSB - TV in Atlanta reported .
" That gas needs to be used for people to go to work , and for people to take care of their families , " Tex Pitfield , president and CEO of Saraguay Petroleum in Atlanta , told WGAU radio in Athens .
Watch an iReporter 's take on the gas shortage in Georgia »
But representatives of Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue said he would not consider " a ridiculous idea like this , " WSB said .
Read WSB 's report on what others are saying about gas and the game
Atlanta , Georgia
Ray Sheffied 's gas station had been open 24 hours a day , seven days a week for 13 years .
But the streak ended when a lack of supply forced him to close early , WGCL - TV in Atlanta said .
" It 's a panic , " Sheffield said .
" And we are frustrated . "
The fuel shortage is really hurting independent gas station owners , WGCL said .
Many of those small businesses rely on the income from customers stopping in to buy snacks , drinks and other items with their gas , it added .
Read WGCL on how gas stations are hurting around the Southeast
Charlotte , North Carolina
Drivers camped out overnight in the hope that a shipment of gas would arrive at a station in Charlotte , WSOC - TV found .
Other drivers felt trapped at home , fearing that their gas tanks would run dry on the way to or from work .
" This is it ; I 'm stuck , " Shana Roseborough told the station .
" I ca n't go get my child , I ca n't go get my husband , I can't provide for my family . "
Read WSOC 's report on drivers searching for gas
Raleigh , North Carolina
North Carolina Gov.
Mike Easley promised that more gas was on the way from other states , but WXII - TV found many stations dry or with only one or two grades of fuel left .
Easley had asked drivers to conserve fuel until the new supplies arrived and the situation returned to normal , but some consumers remain concerned .
" No gas .
What will we do ?
We wo n't be able to do anything .
We can't go to work .
We can't do anything , " one driver said .
Read WXII report on when the governor said gas would arrive
All About Gas Prices • Oil Production and Refining
From : veryweirdguy
2008 -10 - 29 01:06 am ( UTC )
This is beautiful .
One of the finest Beartato comics OF ALL TIME .
Do I hear Oscar bells ?
From : neovenator
2008 -10 - 29 02:15 am ( UTC )
No , you hear NOBEL PRIZE bells !
From : soullesshippy
2008 -10 - 29 01:06 am ( UTC )
omg .
i did not expect that much awesome .
i need to go lie down .
From : bargainbrand
2008-10 -29 12:26 pm ( UTC )
Your icon fits your words uncannily well .
From : davario
2008 -10 - 29 01:06 am ( UTC )
ohmy god , oh my god !!!!
From : tedprior
2008 -10 - 29 01:09 am ( UTC )
Haha !
Oh shit , that is great !
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-10 - 29 01:12 am ( UTC )
Holy fucking shit .
From : rosyatrandom
2008-10 - 29 01:12 am ( UTC )
I feel I have contributed to something marvelous :D
From : ( Anonymous )
2008 -10 -30 08:36 am ( UTC )
On your death bed you shall remember this day and smile .
From : arremmmdee
2008-10 - 29 01:12 am ( UTC )
oh my god so much
oh my god
( Deleted comment )
From : reallife2010
2008 -10 - 29 01:19 am ( UTC )
Omg , thats ... amazing .
Neroid you 've out done yourself sir .
From : ixzist
2008 -10 - 29 01:23 am ( UTC )
Best comic ever FTW !!!!!
From : elkippy
2008-10 - 29 01:28 am ( UTC )
bahaha >.< that was the brilliantness of brilliantnesses .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Two former employees of credit card issuer MBNA , now owned by Bank of America , said on Wednesday they were forced to use aggressive and deceptive practices with customers in order to boost revenues .
Cate Colombo , from Maine , said she signed up for a customer service job but was instead instructed to make insistent sales pitches aimed at getting MBNA customers deeper into debt .
“ I was hired to sell money , ” she said on a conference call organized by Americans for Fairness in Lending , an advocacy group .
“ We had a goal of selling $ 25,000 an hour , $ 4 million per month .
And I was one employee among hundreds , just at this one site . ”
To meet these goals , Colombo said she was told to turn every regular call from a customer into a sales call .
She would do this by running the customer ’s name through the computer and finding out every possible line of credit they had ever obtained through MBNA .
She would then total the amount of credit outstanding and offer it to the customer as a blank check .
MBNA was a bit lighter on disclosure details , such as telling customers that taking on more debt would reduce the borrower ’s credit score and thereby boost their outstanding interest rates .
“ If we did n’t attempt to max out , we were considered insubordinate , ” said Colombo .
In July , a U.S. House of Representatives committee passed legislation aimed at curbing credit card billing practices that surprise borrowers with unexpected interest rate increases .
It is unclear if credit card legislation will make it through Congress this year with the legislative session shortened by November elections .
Consumer indebtedness is a major problem in the United States , one that is becoming worse amid a financial crisis that threatens the economy with a recession .
Americans had $ 969.9 million in outstanding credit card debt as of July , according to Federal Reserve data .
A spokeswoman for Bank of America said the bank does not seek to extend credit to customers who cannot pay .
“ We do n’t comment on allegations of former employees , but I can tell you that the allegations cited do not reflect our practices , ” said Betty Riess , a spokesperson for Bank of America .
“ Bank of America has nothing to gain by extending credit to people who do not have the ability to pay us back . ”
“ By the way , if you ’re talking about former MBNA employees , their employment would date back many years ago prior to the merger with Bank of America , ” Riess said .
Bank of America completed its purchase of MBNA in January 2006 .
Colombo said in one instance she was disciplined for not being aggressive enough in “ pushing product ” to a 90 - year - old man who could barely hear over the phone .
Jerry Young , another MBNA rep , said he was asked to intensely target customers in such a way as to leave them little choice but to stretch their finances , to the company ’s profit .
Travis Plunkett , legislative director for the Consumer Federation of America , said the behavior continues at Bank of America but current employees are too frightened to speak out on the record .
“ We can assure you that these same practices are being done up to the present at Bank of America , ” said Plunkett .
Colombo said another tactic employed by MBNA was to hide the existence of the Soldiers and Sailors Act , which gives spouses of troops on active military duty the right to a lower interest rate .
“ We were not allowed to offer that information to them , ” the former service representative said .
The Missing SNL Skit :
Last Saturday , SNL ran a funny skit about the passage of the bailout bill .
It poked fun at the President , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Rep. Barney Frank , George Soros , and others .
( Transcript and screenshots here . )
Now the skit has vanished .
( It used to be here . )
It is the only skit from last week 's show that is no longer available on SNL 's website ( or other sites at which SNL skits are available ) , and questions about the skit have apparently been removed from NBC message boards .
It 's also been pulled repeatedly from YouTube due to copyright concerns .
What 's going on ?
Michelle Malkin suspects that NBC was subject to political or legal pressure , possibly from Herbert and Marion Sandler , a couple portrayed in the skit who owned a mortgage company that aggressively promoted subprime mortgages and was sold to Wachovia for over $ 20 billion in 2006 .
Even if the Sandlers objected ( see also here ) , I see no reason for SNL to pull the skit .
If , as Jeff Mapes suggests , it was pulled because the skit identified the Sandlers as " people who should be shot " in text along the bottom , that could be easily scrubbed .
And if SNL pulled the skit for such reasons , why would n't they release an explanation ?
Perhaps one will be forthcoming .
UPDATE : Just to be clear , I do not think any reasonable person would view the skit as " inciting violence " against the Sandlers .
But even if the brief appearance of one line of text could be viewed in such a fashion , it would be easy to remove without deleting the entire 6 - 7 minute skit .
SECOND UPDATE : According to this story , NBC edited the skit to take out the screen shot calling the Sandlers " people who should be shot . "
( a) Amounts payable each quarter ( 1 ) From the sums appropriated therefor , the Secretary shall pay to each State for each quarter an amount — ( A ) equal to the percent specified in paragraph ( 2 ) of the total amounts expended by such State during such quarter for the operation of the plan approved under section 654 of this title , ( B ) equal to the percent specified in paragraph ( 3 ) of the sums expended during such quarter that are attributable to the planning , design , development , installation or enhancement of an automatic data processing and information retrieval system ( including in such sums the full cost of the hardware components of such system ) ; and ( C ) equal to 66 percent of so much of the sums expended during such quarter as are attributable to laboratory costs incurred in determining paternity , and ( D ) equal to 66 percent of the sums expended by the State during the quarter for an alternative statewide system for which a waiver has been granted under section 652 ( d ) ( 3 ) of this title , but only to the extent that the total of the sums so expended by the State on or after , does not exceed the least total cost estimate submitted by the State pursuant to section 652( d ) ( 3 ) ( C ) of this title in the request for the waiver ; except that no amount shall be paid to any State on account of amounts expended from amounts paid to the State under section 658a of this title or to carry out an agreement which it has entered into pursuant to section 663 of this title .
In determining the total amounts expended by any State during a quarter , for purposes of this subsection , there shall be excluded an amount equal to the total of any fees collected or other income resulting from services provided under the plan approved under this part .
( 2 ) The percent applicable to quarters in a fiscal year for purposes of paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) is — ( A ) 70 percent for fiscal years 1984 , 1985 , 1986 , and 1987 , ( B ) 68 percent for fiscal years 1988 and 1989 , and ( C ) 66 percent for fiscal year 1990 and each fiscal year thereafter .
( 3 ) ( A ) The Secretary shall pay to each State , for each quarter in fiscal years 1996 and 1997 , 90 percent of so much of the State expenditures described in paragraph ( 1 ) ( B ) as the Secretary finds are for a system meeting the requirements specified in section 654 ( 16 ) of this title ( as in effect on ) but limited to the amount approved for States in the advance planning documents of such States submitted on or before .
( B ) ( i ) The Secretary shall pay to each State or system described in clause ( iii ) , for each quarter in fiscal years 1996 through 2001 , the percentage specified in clause ( ii ) of so much of the State or system expenditures described in paragraph ( 1 ) ( B ) as the Secretary finds are for a system meeting the requirements of sections 654 ( 16 ) and 654a of this title .
( ii )
The percentage specified in this clause is 80 percent .
( iii )
For purposes of clause ( i ) , a system described in this clause is a system that has been approved by the Secretary to receive enhanced funding pursuant to the Family Support Act of 1988 ( Public Law 100 – 485 ; 102 Stat. 2343 ) for the purpose of developing a system that meets the requirements of sections 654 ( 16 ) of this title ( as in effect on and after ) and 654a of this title , including systems that have received funding for such purpose pursuant to a waiver under section 1315 ( a ) of this title .
( 4 ) ( A ) ( i ) If — ( I ) the Secretary determines that a State plan under section 654 of this title would ( in the absence of this paragraph ) be disapproved for the failure of the State to comply with a particular subparagraph of section 654 ( 24 ) of this title , and that the State has made and is continuing to make a good faith effort to so comply ; and ( II ) the State has submitted to the Secretary a corrective compliance plan that describes how , by when , and at what cost the State will achieve such compliance , which has been approved by the Secretary , then the Secretary shall not disapprove the State plan under section 654 of this title , and the Secretary shall reduce the amount otherwise payable to the State under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) of this subsection for the fiscal year by the penalty amount .
( ii ) All failures of a State during a fiscal year to comply with any of the requirements referred to in the same subparagraph of section 654 ( 24 ) of this title shall be considered a single failure of the State to comply with that subparagraph during the fiscal year for purposes of this paragraph .
( B ) In this paragraph : ( i ) The term “ penalty amount ” means , with respect to a failure of a State to comply with a subparagraph of section 654 ( 24 ) of this title — ( I ) 4 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the first fiscal year in which such a failure by the State occurs ( regardless of whether a penalty is imposed under this paragraph with respect to the failure ) ; ( II ) 8 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the second such fiscal year ; ( III ) 16 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the third such fiscal year ; ( IV ) 25 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the fourth such fiscal year ; or ( V ) 30 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the fifth or any subsequent such fiscal year .
( ii )
The term “ penalty base ” means , with respect to a failure of a State to comply with a subparagraph of section 654 ( 24 ) of this title during a fiscal year , the amount otherwise payable to the State under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) of this subsection for the preceding fiscal year .
( C ) ( i ) The Secretary shall waive a penalty under this paragraph for any failure of a State to comply with section 654 ( 24 ) ( A ) of this title during fiscal year 1998 if — ( I ) on or before , the State has submitted to the Secretary a request that the Secretary certify the State as having met the requirements of such section ; ( II ) the Secretary subsequently provides the certification as a result of a timely review conducted pursuant to the request ; and ( III ) the State has not failed such a review .
( ii ) If a State with respect to which a reduction is made under this paragraph for a fiscal year with respect to a failure to comply with a subparagraph of section 654 ( 24 ) of this title achieves compliance with such subparagraph by the beginning of the succeeding fiscal year , the Secretary shall increase the amount otherwise payable to the State under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) of this subsection for the succeeding fiscal year by an amount equal to 90 percent of the reduction for the fiscal year .
( iii )
The Secretary shall reduce the amount of any reduction that , in the absence of this clause , would be required to be made under this paragraph by reason of the failure of a State to achieve compliance with section 654 ( 24 ) ( B ) of this title during the fiscal year , by an amount equal to 20 percent of the amount of the otherwise required reduction , for each State performance measure described in section 658a ( b ) ( 4 ) of this title with respect to which the applicable percentage under section 658 a ( b ) ( 6 ) of this title for the fiscal year is 100 percent , if the Secretary has made the determination described in section 658 a ( b ) ( 5 ) ( B ) of this title with respect to the State for the fiscal year .
( D ) The Secretary may not impose a penalty under this paragraph against a State with respect to a failure to comply with section 654 ( 24 ) ( B ) of this title for a fiscal year if the Secretary is required to impose a penalty under this paragraph against the State with respect to a failure to comply with section 654 ( 24 ) ( A ) of this title for the fiscal year .
( 5 ) ( A ) ( i ) If — ( I ) the Secretary determines that a State plan under section 654 of this title would ( in the absence of this paragraph ) be disapproved for the failure of the State to comply with subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) ( i ) of section 654 ( 27 ) of this title , and that the State has made and is continuing to make a good faith effort to so comply ; and ( II ) the State has submitted to the Secretary , not later than , a corrective compliance plan that describes how , by when , and at what cost the State will achieve such compliance , which has been approved by the Secretary , then the Secretary shall not disapprove the State plan under section 654 of this title , and the Secretary shall reduce the amount otherwise payable to the State under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) of this subsection for the fiscal year by the penalty amount .
( ii )
All failures of a State during a fiscal year to comply with any of the requirements of section 654B of this title shall be considered a single failure of the State to comply with subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) ( i ) of section 654 ( 27 ) of this title during the fiscal year for purposes of this paragraph .
( B ) In this paragraph : ( i ) The term “ penalty amount ” means , with respect to a failure of a State to comply with subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) ( i ) of section 654 ( 27 ) of this title — ( I ) 4 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the 1st fiscal year in which such a failure by the State occurs ( regardless of whether a penalty is imposed in that fiscal year under this paragraph with respect to the failure ) , except as provided in subparagraph ( C ) ( ii ) of this paragraph ; ( II ) 8 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the 2nd such fiscal year ; ( III ) 16 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the 3rd such fiscal year ; ( IV ) 25 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the 4th such fiscal year ; or ( V ) 30 percent of the penalty base , in the case of the 5th or any subsequent such fiscal year .
( ii )
The term “ penalty base ” means , with respect to a failure of a State to comply with subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) ( i ) of section 654 ( 27 ) of this title during a fiscal year , the amount otherwise payable to the State under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) of this subsection for the preceding fiscal year .
( C ) ( i ) The Secretary shall waive all penalties imposed against a State under this paragraph for any failure of the State to comply with subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) ( i ) of section 654 ( 27 ) of this title if the Secretary determines that , before , the State has achieved such compliance .
( ii ) If a State with respect to which a reduction is required to be made under this paragraph with respect to a failure to comply with subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) ( i ) of section 654 ( 27 ) of this title achieves such compliance on or after , and on or before , then the penalty amount applicable to the State shall be 1 percent of the penalty base with respect to the failure involved .
( D ) The Secretary may not impose a penalty under this paragraph against a State for a fiscal year for which the amount otherwise payable to the State under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) of this subsection is reduced under paragraph ( 4 ) of this subsection for failure to comply with section 654 ( 24 ) ( A ) of this title .
( b ) Estimate of amounts payable ; installment payments ( 1 ) Prior to the beginning of each quarter , the Secretary shall estimate the amount to which a State will be entitled under subsection ( a ) for such quarter , such estimates to be based on ( A ) a report filed by the State containing its estimate of the total sum to be expended in such quarter in accordance with the provisions of such subsection , and stating the amount appropriated or made available by the State and its political subdivisions for such expenditures in such quarter , and if such amount is less than the State ’s proportionate share of the total sum of such estimated expenditures , the source or sources from which the difference is expected to be derived , and ( B ) such other investigation as the Secretary may find necessary .
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( d ) , the Secretary shall then pay , in such installments as he may determine , to the State the amount so estimated , reduced or increased to the extent of any overpayment or underpayment which the Secretary determines was made under this section to such State for any prior quarter and with respect to which adjustment has not already been made under this subsection .
( 3 ) Upon the making of any estimate by the Secretary under this subsection , any appropriations available for payments under this section shall be deemed obligated .
( c ) Repealed .
Pub . L. 97–248 , title I , § 174 ( b ) , , 96 Stat. 403 ( d) State reports Notwithstanding any other provision of law , no amount shall be paid to any State under this section for any quarter , prior to the close of such quarter , unless for the period consisting of all prior quarters for which payment is authorized to be made to such State under subsection ( a ) , there shall have been submitted by the State to the Secretary , with respect to each quarter in such period ( other than the last two quarters in such period ) , a full and complete report ( in such form and manner and containing such information as the Secretary shall prescribe or require ) as to the amount of child support collected and disbursed and all expenditures with respect to which payment is authorized under subsection ( a ) . ( e ) Special project grants for interstate enforcement ; appropriations ( 1 ) In order to encourage and promote the development and use of more effective methods of enforcing support obligations under this part in cases where either the children on whose behalf the support is sought or their noncustodial parents do not reside in the State where such cases are filed , the Secretary is authorized to make grants , in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate , to States which propose to undertake new or innovative methods of support collection in such cases and which will use the proceeds of such grants to carry out special projects designed to demonstrate and test such methods .
( 2 ) A grant under this subsection shall be made only upon a finding by the Secretary that the project involved is likely to be of significant assistance in carrying out the purpose of this subsection ; and with respect to such project the Secretary may waive any of the requirements of this part which would otherwise be applicable , to such extent and for such period as the Secretary determines is necessary or desirable in order to enable the State to carry out the project .
( 3 ) At the time of its application for a grant under this subsection the State shall submit to the Secretary a statement describing in reasonable detail the project for which the proceeds of the grant are to be used , and the State shall from time to time thereafter submit to the Secretary such reports with respect to the project as the Secretary may specify .
( 4 ) Amounts expended by a State in carrying out a special project assisted under this section shall be considered , for purposes of section 658 ( b ) of this title ( as amended by section 5 ( a ) of the Child Support Enforcement Amendments of 1984 ) , to have been expended for the operation of the State ’s plan approved under section 654 of this title .
( 5 ) There is authorized to be appropriated the sum of $ 7,000,000 for fiscal year 1985 , $ 12,000,000 for fiscal year 1986 , and $ 15,000,000 for each fiscal year thereafter , to be used by the Secretary in making grants under this subsection .
( f ) Direct Federal funding to Indian tribes and tribal organizations
The Secretary may make direct payments under this part to an Indian tribe or tribal organization that demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that it has the capacity to operate a child support enforcement program meeting the objectives of this part , including establishment of paternity , establishment , modification , and enforcement of support orders , and location of absent parents .
The Secretary shall promulgate regulations establishing the requirements which must be met by an Indian tribe or tribal organization to be eligible for a grant under this subsection .
( Aug. 14 , 1935 , ch. 531 , title IV , § 455 , as added Pub . L. 93–647 , § 101(a ) , , 88 Stat. 2355 ; amended Pub. L. 94–88 , title II , §§ 201( c ) , 205 , , 89 Stat .
433 , 435 ; Pub. L. 94–365 , § 3 , , 90 Stat. 990 ; Pub. L. 95 –59 , § 4 , , 91 Stat. 255 ; Pub. L. 96–178 , § 2 ( a ) , , 93 Stat . 1295 ; Pub. L. 96–265 , title IV , §§ 404 ( a ) , 405 ( a ) , 407 ( a ) , ( b ) , , 94 Stat .
463 , 467 ; Pub. L. 96–611 , §§ 9 ( c ) , 11 ( c ) , , 94 Stat .
3573 , 3574 ; Pub. L. 97–35 , title XXIII , § 2333 ( c ) , , 95 Stat .
863 ; Pub. L. 97–248 , title I , §§ 171( b ) ( 2 ) , 174 ( a ) , ( b ) , , 96 Stat .
401 , 403 ; Pub. L. 98–378 , §§ 4 ( a ) , 6 ( b ) , 8 , , 98 Stat .
1311 , 1314 , 1315 ; Pub. L. 100 –485 , title I , §§ 112 ( a ) , 123 ( c ) , , 102 Stat .
2350 , 2352 ; Pub. L. 104–193 , title III , §§ 344( b ) ( 1 ) , ( c ) , 375 ( b ) , 395(d ) ( 1 ) ( E ) , , 110 Stat .
2236 , 2237 , 2256 , 2259 ; Pub. L. 105–33 , title V , §§ 5546 ( b ) , ( c ) , 5555 ( a ) , , 111 Stat .
631 , 632 , 636 ; Pub. L. 105 –200 , title I , §§ 101 ( a ) , 102 ( b ) , title II , § 201 ( f ) ( 2 ) ( B ) , , 112 Stat .
646 , 648 , 658 ; Pub. L. 105–306 , § 4 ( a ) ( 1 ) , , 112 Stat. 2926 ; Pub. L. 106–113 , div. B , § 1000 ( a ) ( 4 ) [ title VIII , § 807 ( a ) ] , , 113 Stat . 1535 , 1501A –286 ; Pub. L. 106–169 , title IV , § 401 ( i ) , , 113 Stat .
1858 ; Pub. L. 109 –171 , title VII , §§ 7308 ( a ) , 7309 ( a ) , , 120 Stat. 147 . )
Overview
For more than a decade , the audiences for most traditional news sources have steadily declined , as the number of people getting news online has surged .
However , today it is not a choice between traditional sources and the internet for the core elements of today ’s news audiences .
A sizable minority of Americans find themselves at the intersection of these two long - standing trends in news consumption .
Integrators , who get the news from both traditional sources and the internet , are a more engaged , sophisticated and demographically sought - after audience segment than those who mostly rely on traditional news sources .
Integrators share some characteristics with a smaller , younger , more internet savvy audience segment – Net - Newsers – who principally turn to the web for news , and largely eschew traditional sources .
( For a complete description of how the news audience segments are classified , see pg. 45 . )
Like web - oriented news consumers , Integrators are affluent and highly educated .
However , they are older , on average , than those who consider the internet their main source of news .
Overall , Integrators spend more time with the news on a typical day than do those who rely more on either traditional or internet sources ; far more enjoy keeping up with the news a lot than in any other news segment .
Integrators also are heavier consumers of national news – especially news about politics and Washington – and are avid sports news consumers .
Television is their main news source , but more than a third cite the internet as their primary source of news during the day .
This reflects the fact that a relatively large proportion of Integrators log on to the internet from work ( 45 % ) .
The 2008 biennial news consumption survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press was conducted by telephone – including both landline phones and cell phones – from April 30 to June 1 among 3,612 adults nationwide .
It finds four distinct segments in today ’s news audience : Integrators , who comprise 23 % of the public ; the less populous Net - Newsers ( 13 % ) ; Traditionalists – the oldest ( median age : 52 ) and largest news segment ( 46 % of the public ) ; and the Disengaged ( 14 % ) who stand out for their low levels of interest in the news and news consumption .
Net - Newsers are the youngest of the news user segments ( median age : 35 ) .
They are affluent and even better educated than the News Integrators :
More than eight - in - ten have at least attended college .
Net - Newsers not only rely primarily on the internet for news , they are leading the way in using new web features and other technologies .
Nearly twice as many regularly watch news clips on the internet as regularly watch nightly network news broadcasts ( 30 % vs. 18 % ) .
This web - oriented news segment , perhaps more than the others , underscores the challenges facing traditional news outlets .
Fewer than half ( 47 % ) watch television news on a typical day .
Twice as many read an online newspaper than a printed newspaper on a typical day ( 17 % vs. 8 % ) , while 10 % read both .
However , Net - Newsers do rely on some well known traditional media outlets .
They are at least as likely as Integrators and Traditionalists to read magazines such as The New Yorker and The Atlantic , and somewhat more likely to get news from the BBC .
Fully 82 % of Net - Newsers get news during the course of the day , far more than the Traditionalists and the Disengaged , and slightly more than the Integrators .
Nearly all who get news at this time go online for information ( 92 % ) .
Yet they do tap traditional sources at other times of the day ; nearly two - thirds get news late in the evening and of these , more rely on television news than the internet .
Despite sweeping changes in the news landscape , Traditionalists remain the largest segment of the overall news audience .
Compared with the Integrators and Net - Newsers , Traditionalists are downscale economically – 43 % are not employed and 60 % have no more than a high school education .
Television dominates as the favored news source among Traditionalists .
And at each time of the day – whether morning , daytime , dinner hour , or late at night – overwhelming majorities who get news at these times cite television as their main source .
Unlike the news Integrators , or those who mostly get news from the web , most Traditionalists say that seeing pictures and video , rather than reading or hearing the facts , gives them the best understanding of events .
Most Americans fall into the three core news audiences – Integrators , Traditionalists , or Net - Newsers .
The fourth group – the Disengaged – are very much bystanders when it comes to news consumption .
They are less educated on average than even the Traditionalists and exhibit extremely low interest in – and knowledge of – current events .
Just 55 % of the Disengaged get any news on a typical day , and just 20 % know that the Democrats have a majority in the House of Representatives .
Trends in News Consumption
The diversity of news audience segments identified reflects the long - term changes in news consumption observed in the biennial survey , conducted April 30 - June 1 among 3,615 Americans .
Since the early 1990s , the proportion of Americans saying they read a newspaper on a typical day has declined by about 40 % ; the proportion that regularly watches nightly network news has fallen by half .
These trends have been more stable in recent years , but the percentage saying they read a newspaper yesterday has fallen from 40 % to 34 % in the last two years alone .
Newspapers would have suffered even greater losses without their online versions .
Most of the loss in readership since 2006 has come among those who read the print newspaper ; just 27 % say they read only the print version of a daily newspaper yesterday , down from 34 % in 2006 .
The television news audience , by contrast , has generally remained stable since 2006 , and the proportion regularly watching cable news in particular has increased ( from 34 % to 39 % ) .
The appeal of television news is seen in the large percentages of the news segments – particularly Integrators – that continue to watch : A majority of Integrators ( 56 % ) get news online on a typical day while an even larger share ( 66 % ) got news from television .
Cable news draws substantial numbers of viewers among Integrators and Net- Newsers .
More than four - in - ten Net - Newsers ( 43 % ) regularly watch cable news , far more than the proportion that regularly watches network or local news .
A majority of Integrators also regularly tunes in to cable news ( 53 % ) ; by comparison , just 37 % say they regularly watch one of the nightly network news broadcasts .
Notably , radio news also is an important element in Integrators ’ news diet .
Nearly half of Integrators ( 46 % ) listen to news on the radio during a typical day .
While the internet is the main news source for Integrators during the course of the day , about as many in this segment rely on radio news as TV news during the day ( 32 % radio vs. 36 % TV news ) .
Online News Still Growing
Since 2006 , the proportion of Americans who say they get news online at least three days a week has increased from 31 % to 37 % .
About as many people now say they go online for news regularly ( at least three days a week ) as say they regularly watch cable news ( 39 % ) ; substantially more people regularly get news online than regularly watch one of the nightly network news broadcasts ( 37 % vs. 29 % ) .
Since 2006 , daily online news use has increased by about a third , from 18 % to 25 % .
However , as the online news audience grows , the educational divide in online news use – evident since the internet ’s early days in the mid-1990s – also is increasing .
Currently , 44 % of college graduates say they get news online every day , compared with just 11 % of those with a high school education or less .
Net - Newsers and Integrators take advantage of a range of web features to get the news .
Roughly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) Net - Newsers – and about a third of Integrators ( 32 % ) – have gotten a news story emailed to them in the past week .
And while 30 % of Net - Newsers regularly watch news online , 19 % regularly listen to news on the web .
Net - Newsers and Integrators also rely on news and political blogs as a part of their news diet .
Roughly a quarter of Net - Newsers ( 26 % ) and somewhat fewer Integrators ( 19 % ) say they regularly read blogs on politics or current events .
Overall , only 10 % of the public regularly reads political and news blogs .
Other Key Findings :
by Miguel de Icaza
We released an updated installer for Mono 2.0 on MacOS X .
This release got delayed because we wanted to upgrade our bundled Gtk# stack to contain the latest release of Imendio 's Gtk+ for MacOS X .
Banshee coming to an OSX near you this week .
Mono OSX Survey !
We are trying to understand how we can improve Mono on the OSX space .
Help us figure this out by filling out our Mono on OSX Survey .
Relocatable Applications
If you have followed our Guidelines for Application Deployment your software should be easy to be packaged and distributed for MacOS X as a relocatable application .
Eoin Hennessy worked on integrating Banshee into the OS , and packaging it into a bundle that runs out of the box on MacOS .
The following are some screenshots from Aaron 's box :
The Banshee open source media player .
Sandy has ported Tomboy and Tasque to MacOS and Windows and provided installers for both .
Tomboy integrates into the dock and menus .
Aaron Bockover from the Novell Desktop Team has promised that Eoin 's work will be part of Friday 's Banshee release .
From this point on , Banshee will be released both for Linux and MacOS X at the same time .
Maybe F - Spot is not too far behind ?
The Small Print
We downgraded the bundled Gtk+ from 2.15 to 2.14.3 , as 2.15 was a development version and 2.14 is the officially supported Gtk + .
This means that applications that linked directly against Gtk+ 2.15 from Mono 1.9 will fail to run .
Please re-link those binaries .
This means that applications that linked directly against Gtk+ 2.15 from Mono 1.9 will fail to run .
Please re-link those binaries .
We removed MonoDevelop from this distribution , so our package only contains the Mono SDK and Mono runtime .
A MonoDevelop installation package will come later , we apologize for this delay .
On the upside : now that the distribution is split , we will be doing MonoDevelop Beta 2 previews as DMGs after the PDC .
Help us improve Mono on OSX by completing the Mono on OSX Survey and providing comments at the end .
A British - built spy plane has set an unofficial world record for the longest continuous unmanned flight .
The aircraft , a Zephyr , stayed aloft for 82 hours and 37 minutes powered by solar panels and a rechargeable battery at night .
The flight , at the US army 's Yuma ground in Arizona , more than doubled the record time but , since it was done to test the ability of Zephyr to relay ground radio messages , did not fulfil all the requirements of a world record attempt .
However the aircraft 's designers , at the defence firm QinetiQ , in the UK , think the plane could fly indefinitely .
" We think the aircraft , in future , will be capable of weeks or months duration , " said Paul Davey , Zephyr 's business development director at QinetiQ .
The Ministry of Defence has funded the £ 20 m development of Zephyr so far .
The flight - partly autonomous and partly controlled from satellite - took place from July 28 - 31 .
Davey said the challenge had been to make an exceptionally light aircraft - it weighs 30kg ( 66lbs ) - strong enough to carry a payload of up to 2kg to about 60,000ft .
Zephyr has a carbon fibre frame and is covered in super - light solar arrays thinner than paper .
Its rechargeable battery is twice as efficient as any other in the world .
It is launched by three people holding it above their heads as they run .
The current official world record for an uncrewed flight stands at 30 hours 24 minutes and was set by Global Hawk in 2001 .
Opinion Dubai : Land of Luxury , Land of Slavery
By investing in Dubai , celebrities are giving tacit approval to a hideous society and its obscene values .
By George Patrick
Published October 02 , 2008
Faced with rapidly disappearing oil reserves , Dubai , one of the seven United Arab Emirates on the Persian Gulf , has decided to transform itself into one of the great tourist destinations of the world .
One of its strategies is to lure celebrities there .
It 's working .
Already , Tiger Woods , Ernie Els , Vijay Singh , Sergio Garcia , and Colin Montgomerie have all built or are building exclusive new golf courses there .
Greg Norman , the Great White Shark , is building sixty - six luxury homes there .
Donald Trump is going to build a hotel .
Giorgio Armani will outfit apartments , while Karl Lagerfeld will build luxury homes .
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have bought one of the artificial islands Dubai is constructing out into Gulf waters .
Roger Federer has made Dubai his second home .
The Beckhams vacation there .
Manchester United , the biggest soccer club in the world , has a training camp there .
The question is :
What in God 's name are they doing there ?
Dubai is a slave society .
Not officially , of course .
Dubai outlawed slavery forty - five years ago .
Prostitution , too , is supposedly illegal .
But beneath the ultra - modern skyscrapers , the luxurious hotels and the glitzy twenty - first century technology lies a primeval morass of squalor and depravity .
Whatever the law may say , there are whole areas of Dubai City given over to dozens of brothels where ten thousand women from Eastern Europe , the Far East , and Sub - Saharan Africa are held as sex slaves .
A Nightmare World
In a country measuring only forty miles by forty miles and containing only one city , it is farcical to suggest that the brothels and the sex slaves have somehow escaped the notice of the Emir 's government .
In his book , A Crime So Monstrous , journalist E. Benjamin Skinner points out that his $ 16 ticket to get into the Cyclone brothel actually bore the official stamp of the Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce .
Skinner interviewed many of the prostitutes , some of them in their early teens .
Most of them , seeking to escape desperate poverty in their homelands , were offered the chance to be smuggled into Dubai with the promise of jobs as maids , etc .
Then the snakeheads ( people smugglers ) sold them to brothels and kept their passports .
Now they were trapped and powerless in a nightmare world .
Some Eastern European women were kept in line by threats to murder their families back home .
Other women smuggled into Dubai do get jobs working in households .
Again , their employers keep their passports .
Again , they are utterly in the power of men who rape and beat them and pay no wages .
Some Dubai married men keep foreign sex slaves in special apartments popularly known as " shag pads . "
If a desperate captive woman flees , the " owner " - in an echo of the " runaway slave " advertisements in pre-Civil War USA - will run an " absconding servant " advertisement in Dubai newspapers .
Foreign working men , if not exactly enslaved , are the next thing to it .
The luxury hotels and apartments of Dubai where the celebrities live pampered lives are built by labourers ( mostly from India ) who are paid starvation wages - often months in arrears - amidst regular threats of violence .
Then there are the child slaves .
Outside the city , there are farms where 6,000 boys , often kidnapped as babies , are held in bondage to serve as jockeys in the immensely popular camel races .
They are frequently starved to keep their race weight down .
Protection for these grossly abused fellow humans is nonexistent .
They do n't seem to be viewed as humans at all .
They are mere things to be used and discarded .
Tacit Approval
This , then , is the purulent society in which Angelina Jolie , Tiger Woods , Donald Trump et al. have chosen to invest their money and their reputations .
By so doing they give tacit approval to a hideous society and its obscene values .
Has slavery ( like torture and indefinite detention without trial ) somehow become OK again ?
It 's not that any of the celebrities mentioned are bad people .
Most are probably fairly decent human beings .
But we humans have a wonderful ability to avert our eyes from the inconvenient ugliness of life , especially when it conflicts with our own desires and interests .
The moral squalor at the heart of Dubai is n't exactly a secret .
It 's been well documented .
A five minutes ' Google of " Dubai " will reveal the truth .
The celebs must surely know .
Perhaps they tell themselves that , sadly , it 's simply the harsh reality of the global free enterprise system .
Some of us make millions sinking putts and advertising Rolex watches ; others are just pieces of meat to be sold , raped and rented out as semen receptacles .
Sometimes the invisible hand in the marketplace is wielding a blackjack .
But what is happening in Dubai is surely so vile , so manifestly an affront to our dearest values , that one must ask again :
What in God 's name are they doing there ?
George Patrick is a retired civil servant living in Oakville .
He is firmly of the opinion that most people are wrong most of the time , and tends to question his own judgment when too many people agree with him .
60 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
New York ’s attorney general demanded on Wednesday that the American International Group recover bonuses and other payments from its former executives , lest he take formal action against the insurer .
Recently bailed out by the federal government , A.I.G. is afloat only because of billions of dollars in government loans .
With more and more taxpayer money committed , Congress and others have expressed outrage over high pay in general at financial firms and in particular at some of the perks that have come to light at A.I.G .
The attorney general , Andrew M. Cuomo , made his demand in a letter to A.I.G. ’s board , citing “ unwarranted and outrageous expenditures ” by the company as contrary to New York law .
The letter , which described a lavish golf outing and an overseas hunting trip that cost nearly $ 100,000 , follows other recent disclosures of excess by corporate America .
The threat against A.I.G. , which Mr. Cuomo announced at a news conference on the street just a block away from the New York Stock Exchange and his office , seeks to recover multimillion - dollar payments to Martin Sullivan , A.I.G. ’s former chief executive , and Joseph J. Cassano , who ran the unit blamed for the losses that pushed the company to the brink of collapse .
15th October 2008 , 06:18 pm
The post Elegant memoization with functional memo tries showed a simple type of search tries and their use for functional memoization of functions .
This post provides some composition tools for memo tries , whose definitions are inevitable , in that they are determined by the principle presented in Simplifying semantics with type class morphisms .
Compositional semantics and type class morphisms
The discipline of denotational semantics defines meaning functions compositionally , i.e. , the meaning of a construct must be some function of the meanings of its components .
Type class morphisms make the denotational discipline even more specific :
The meaning of each method corresponds to the same method for the meaning .
For instance ,
meaning ( a `mappend` b ) == meaning a `mappend` meaning b
Memo tries , semantics , and morphisms
The semantic function for a memo trie is untrie , which converts a trie ( back ) to a function :
untrie :: ( a :->: b ) -> ( a -> b)
Let ’s look at the consequences of requiring that untrie be a morphism over Monoid , Functor , Applicative , Monad , Category , and Arrow , i.e. ,
untrie mempty == mempty untrie ( s `mappend` t ) == untrie s `mappend` untrie t untrie ( fmap f t ) == fmap f ( untrie t ) untrie ( pure a ) == pure a untrie ( tf <*> tx ) == untrie tf <*> untrie tx untrie ( return a ) == return a untrie ( u >>= k ) == untrie u >>= untrie .
k untrie id == id untrie ( s . t ) == untrie s .
untrie t untrie ( arr f ) == arr f untrie ( first t ) == first ( untrie t )
These morphism properties imply that all of the expected laws hold , assuming that we interpret equality semantically ( or observationally ) .
For instance ,
untrie ( mempty `mappend` a ) == untrie mempty `mappend` untrie a == mempty `mappend` untrie a == untrie a untrie ( fmap f ( fmap g a ) ) == fmap f ( untrie ( fmap g a ) ) == fmap f ( fmap g ( untrie a ) ) == fmap ( f.g ) ( untrie a ) == untrie ( fmap ( f.g ) a )
Deriving instances
The implementation instances follow from applying trie to both sides of each of these morphism laws , using the property trie .
untrie == id .
instance ( HasTrie a , Monoid b ) => Monoid ( a :-> : b ) where mempty = trie mempty s `mappend` t = trie ( untrie s `mappend` untrie t ) instance HasTrie a => Functor ( (:->:) a ) where fmap f t = trie ( fmap f ( untrie t ) ) instance HasTrie a => Applicative ( (:->:) a ) where pure b = trie ( pure b ) tf <*> tx = trie ( untrie tf <*> untrie tx ) instance HasTrie a => Monad ( (:->:) a ) where return a = trie ( return a ) u >>= k = trie ( untrie u >>= untrie . k ) instance Category ( :->:) where id = trie id s .
t = trie ( untrie s . untrie t) instance Arrow ( :->:) where arr f = trie ( arr f ) first t = trie ( first ( untrie t ) )
Correctness of these instances follows by applying untrie to each side of each definition and using the property untrie .
trie == id .
The Category and Arrow instances do n’t quite work , however , because of necessary but disallowed HasTrie constraints on the domain type .
John Hughes pointed out a similar problem near the end of Generalising Monads to Arrows , saying “ I consider this to be a defect of the Haskell type system , which hopefully can be corrected in a future version of the language . ”
The post Elegant memoization with functional memo tries showed a simple type of search tries and their use for functional memoization of functions .
This post provides some composition tools for ...
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures tumbled more than 4 % Thursday to their lowest level in one month , as nervous investors sold futures contracts to seek cash .
Some hedge funds were forced to liquidate their positions to cover losses in stocks and other markets , according to economists at research firm Action Economics .
" For the moment , the weight of the deep funk felt in the global markets is keeping gold on the defensive , while would - be buyers ... find more comfort sitting on the piles of cash , " said Jon Nadler , senior analyst at Kitco Bullion Dealers .
Gold for December delivery fell $ 34.50 , or 4.1 % , to end at $ 804.50 an ounce on the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange , the lowest closing level since Sept. 17 .
It slumped more than 5 % to $ 791 an ounce earlier .
The contract has surrendered $ 102 an ounce , or 11 % , since Oct. 8 .
Also pushing gold prices lower were news reports that central banks were selling gold .
The latest weekly data from the European Central Bank showed 7.6 tons of gold was sold during the week ended Oct. 10 , according to Bloomberg , citing Barclays Capital .
Central banks sell gold to earn more cash , but their selling is helping push the gold prices lower , analysts said .
Gold lease rates charged by central banks have reached record highs , according to the London Bullion Market Association , indicating central banks ' unwillingness to lend gold to financial institutions on worries that it may not be returned .
Gold 's losses came amid declines in some global stock markets .
Stocks in Europe and Asia recorded sharp losses , while U.S. stocks climbed .
See Market Snapshot .
" Investors worldwide are selling everything , including the kitchen sink , and gold is no exception , " said Peter Grandich , chief commentator at Agoracom , an online marketplace for the small - cap investment community .
On gold exchange - traded funds , assets in the SPDR Gold Trust , the largest gold ETF , were unchanged at 767.58 tons Wednesday but down from Monday 's record of 770.64 tons , according to the latest data from the fund .
The SPDR Gold Trust GLD , +0.84 % dropped 4.8 % to close at $ 79.29 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Analysts had projected gold prices to rise as demand for the precious metal as a safe haven is expected to increase amid the financial turmoil , but gold has repeatedly defied their expectations and has closed lower in the previous five straight sessions .
" Nervousness was the main feature among participants , " said Kitco 's Nadler .
Key U.S. economic data released on Thursday showed retail - level inflation under wraps .
See Economic Report .
Some analysts worried that in the long term , the global rescue plans to inject liquidity into the market will stir inflation -- something that would be a bullish sign for gold prices as investors tend to buy the metal as a hedge against rising prices .
In other metals action , December silver dropped 5 % to $ 9.64 an ounce .
Copper for December delivery dropped 5.7 % to $ 2.0855 a pound .
January platinum tumbled 8.6 % to $ 891.30 an ounce , and December palladium plunged 12 % to $ 173.10 an ounce .
In spot trading , the London gold - fixing price -- used as a benchmark for gold for immediate delivery -- stood at $ 802.50 an ounce Thursday afternoon local time , down $ 44.50 from Wednesday afternoon .
On the equities side , the Amex Gold Bugs Index HUI , fell 9.2 % to end at 210.12 points .
IShares Gold Trust IAU , +0.94 % slid 5 % to close at $ 79.39 , while the iShares Silver Trust ETF SLV , +2.18 % fell 6.5 % to finish at $ 9.60 .
This question is covered in the FAQ on Processing.org , but still tends to reappear on the board every few months ( most recently here ) .
Someone once described Processing syntax as a dialect of Java , which sounds about right to me .
It ’s syntax that we ’ve added on top of Java to make things a little easier for a particular work domain ( roughly , making visual things ) .
There ’s also a programming environment that significantly simplifies what ’s found in traditional IDEs .
Plus there ’s a core API set ( and a handful of core libraries ) that we ’ve built to support this type of work .
If we did these in isolation , none would really stick out :
The language changes are pretty minimal .
The big difference is probably how they integrate with the IDE that ’s built around the idea of sitting down and quickly writing code ( what we call sketching ) .
We do n’t require users to first learn class definitions or even method declarations before they can show something on the screen , which helps avoid some of the initial head - scratching that comes from trying to explain “ public class ” or “ void ” or beginning programmers .
For more advanced coders , it helps Java feel a bit more like scripting .
I use a lot of Perl for various tasks , and I wanted to replicate the way you can write 5 - 10 lines of Perl ( or Python , or Ruby , or whatever ) and get something done .
In Java , you often need double that number of lines just to set up your class definitions and a thread .
The API set is a Java API .
It can be used with traditional Java IDEs ( Eclipse , Netbeans , whatever ) and a Processing component can be embedded into other applications .
But without the rest of it ( the syntax and IDE ) , Processing ( API or otherwise ) it would not be as widely used as it is today .
The API grew out of Casey and I ’s work , and our like / dislike of various approaches used by libraries that we ’ve used : Postscript , QuickDraw , OpenGL , Java AWT , even Applesoft BASIC .
Can we do OpenGL but still have it feel as simple as writing graphics code on the Apple ] [ ?
Can we simplify current graphics approaches so that they at least feel simpler like the original QuickDraw on the Mac ?
The IDE is designed to make Java - style programming less wretched .
Check out the Integration discussion board to see just how un - fun it is to figure out how the Java CLASSPATH and java.library .
path work , or how to embed AWT and Swing components .
These frustrations and complications sometimes are even filed as bugs in the Processing bugs database by users who have apparently become spoiled by not having to worry about such things .
If pressed , perhaps the language itself is probably the easiest to let go of — witness the Python , Ruby and now JavaScript versions of the API , or the C++ version that I use for personal work ( when doing increasingly rare C++ projects ) .
And lots of people build Processing projects without the preprocessor and PDE .
In some cases , we ’ve even been accused of not being clear that it ’s “ just Java , ” or even that Processing is Java with a trendy name .
Complaining is easier than reading , so there ’s not much we can do for people who do n’t glance at the FAQ before writing their unhappy screeds .
And with the stresses of the modern world , people need to relieve themselves of their angst somehow .
( On the other hand , if you ’ve met either of us , you ’ll know that Casey and I are very trendy people , having grown up in the farmlands of Ohio and Michigan . )
However , we do n’t print “ Java ” on every page of Processing .org for a very specific reason : knowing it ’s Java behind the scenes does n’t actually help our audience .
In fact , it usually causes more trouble than not because people expect it to behave exactly like Java .
We ’ve had a number of people who copy and pasted code from the Java Tutorial into the PDE , and are confused when it does n’t work .
( Edit – In writing this , I do n’t want to understate the importance of Java , especially in the early stages of the Processing project .
It goes without saying that we owe a great deal to Sun for developing , distributing , and championing Java .
It was , and is , the best language / environment on which to base the project .
More about the choice of language can be found in the FAQ . )
But for as much trouble as the preprocessor and language component of Processing is for us to develop ( or as irrelevant it might seem to programmers who already code in Java ) , we ’re still not willing to give that up — damned if we ’re gonna make students learn how to write a method declaration and “ public class Blah extends PApplet ” before they can get something to show up on the screen .
I think the question is a bit like the general obsession of people trying to define Apple as a hardware or software company .
They do n’t do either — they do both .
They ’re one of the few to figure out that the distinction actually gets in the way of delivering good products .
Now , whether we ’re delivering a good product is certainly questionable — the analogy with Apple may , uh , end there .
* This review was originally published in Your Weekend . *
Was Donald McLean , the nineteenth century New Zealand politician , a courageous statesman or an elec ...
These proposed changes are the next step in the attempted obliteration of Māori culture Scoop Dame Tariana has spoken at a number of hui recently about her ...
KEYSTONE , South Dakota – U.S. President Donald Trump ’s reelection campaign - stop here at Mt. Rushmore National Memorial on the eve of the national Independe ...
We have some unfortunate news for all the readers and friends of the blog Ridwan passed away on Wednesday 2 July 2014 .
He succumbed to a heart attack .
The ...
I 've been hearing about this Food Bill for months now .
Facebook sources tell me the Government is going to fine us for growing carrots and lock us up for g...
Facebook censorship on West Papua ... a " cruel irony " .
Image : RSF / PMC By David Robie THE SILENCE from Facebook is deafening and disturbing .
At first , when ...
“ I do n’t believe we have an agreement , ” he announced to an enormous press corps crowded under the portico of the West Wing entrance .
Mr. Shelby then waved what he said were five pages of letters from the leading economists in the United States , from Harvard , Yale , MIT and the University of Chicago , who he said viewed Mr. Paulson ’s plan as a “ bad plan ” that would create more problems than it would solve .
Mr. Shelby said there were “ a lot of different opinions ” expressed at the meeting , and that Mr. McCain and Mr. Obama conducted themselves as senators who “ were very courteous to each other and very respectful . ”
As the afternoon continued , the senator began a series of interviews with the television networks to be aired Thursday evening and his campaign gave indications that he would leave on Friday morning for the debate in Mississippi .
Later in the day , Mr. McCain held out the possibility that he would still attend the debate although his campaign had made no formal plans .
“ I ’m hopeful , ” Mr. McCain told Charlie Gibson in an interview on ABC News Thursday evening .
“ I ’m very hopeful that we can .
I believe it ’s very possible that we could get an agreement in time for me to fly to Mississippi . ”
Hours earlier , the Republican governor of Mississippi told reporters that he expected the event to take place at the University of Mississippi , and a representative of his campaign participated in a technical walk - through of the debate hall in Mississippi on Thursday afternoon as the moderator , Jim Lehrer of PBS , did his preparation .
In a morning speech in New York , Mr. McCain said “ a crisis calls for all hands on deck . ”
He formally suspended his campaign , and aides added that he intended to carry through with his call to skip the debate .
“ With so much on the line , for America and the world , the debate that matters most right now is taking place in the United States Capitol  and I intend to join it , ” Mr. McCain said .
Barack Obama was on the stump in North Carolina on Sunday US President George W Bush 's first Secretary of State , Colin Powell , has endorsed Democratic election candidate Barack Obama for the White House .
Backing Mr Obama over John McCain , the Republican Party 's choice to succeed Mr Bush in November , he said the Democrat had the " ability to inspire " .
" All Americans ... not just African - Americans " would be proud of an Obama win , he argued .
Mr McCain said he was not surprised at his " long - time friend 's " decision .
He pointed out that other former secretaries of state had backed his own candidacy , naming them as Henry Kissinger , James Baker , Lawrence Eagleburger and Alexander Haig - all Republicans .
Addressing a rally in Fayetteville , North Carolina , Mr Obama said he was " deeply humbled " by Mr Powell 's support .
" He knows , as we do , that this is a moment where we need to come together as one nation - young and old , rich and poor , black , white , Hispanic , Asian , Native American , Republican and Democrat , " he added .
His campaign said earlier that the two men had spoken for 10 minutes by telephone .
The Obama campaign also announced it had raised a record monthly total of more than $ 150 m ( £ 86 m ) in September , reaching a total of $ 605 m and dwarfing the total of Mr McCain , who chose to stay within the public campaign financing system .
Important moment The Powell endorsement is an important moment in the campaign , BBC North America editor Justin Webb says .
It [ an Obama victory ] would not just electrify our country , it would electrify the world
Colin Powell
Former US secretary of state
Powell bitter blow to McCain Profile : Colin Powell Gavin Hewitt : Powell 's grenade Colin Powell does not bring a state and he probably does not bring many additional supporters , our correspondent says .
But what he does do is solidify Barack Obama 's appeal with the middle - of - the - road voters who are worried about whether or not he has sufficient experience for the job .
To hear these words from Colin Powell in a television interview this morning , will have been deeply reassuring to many American voters , our correspondent adds .
One interesting sideline to the Powell endorsement is that he gave as one reason for his choice Sarah Palin 's presence on the Republican ticket , arguing she was not ready for the White House .
That is a view that is likely to add to the rumblings of discontent on the Republican side about John McCain 's choice of running mate , our correspondent adds .
' Electrifying ' choice " I think he [ Barack Obama ] would be a transformational president , " Mr Powell told NBC's Meet The Press .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Obama victory would " not just electrify our country , it would electrify the world " , he said .
Mr Obama was better suited to handle America 's economy , the former secretary of state argued : " In the case of Mr McCain ... you got the sense that he did n't have a complete grasp of the economic problems that we had . "
President Bush 's first secretary of state criticised his own party for allowing the campaign to turn negative .
" I 'm also troubled by , not what Senator McCain says , but what members of the [ Republican ]
Party say ... such things as ' Well , you know that Mr Obama is a Muslim ' .
" Well the correct answer is , ' He 's not a Muslim , he 's a Christian , he 's always been a Christian ' .
But the really right answer is , " What if he is ? '
Is there something wrong with being a Muslim in this country ?
The answer is ' No ' , that 's not America . "
Mr Powell said he remained a Republican though he thought his party was moving too far to the right .
' No surprise ' " It is n't easy for me to disappoint Sen McCain in the way that I have this morning , and I regret that , " Mr Powell added .
Speaking on Fox News , Mr McCain said he had " always admired and respected Gen Powell " .
" We 're long - time friends , " he said .
" This does n't come as a surprise . "
Later , addressing a cheering crowd of supporters in Ohio , Mr McCain said the media had " written off " his campaign but he would fight on with their support .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Uh ... no .
No no no .
C irks have nothing to do with this - I do n't think so , at least .
Within terminal emulators , there are 3 character table sets , G0 , G1 and G2 , each can contain a set of character glyphs , and one of these is loaded into GL so it 's the one that 's actively used .
G0 is the set you typically have loaded .
Certain escape sequences can switch the character table into and out of different modes ; the mode you 're describing above is called the " box drawing " or " line drawing " or " special characters " mode .
This mode remaps certain characters to different glyphs so that operations such as drawing of box characters can be done by simply echoing ASCII characters to the screen .
Different environments require different behavior to select these drawing characters and put them into play .
In X11 , one needs to switch the mode desired into G0 .
At the console , G1 is typically already loaded with the box drawing character set , so all that 's required is to switch GL into G1 .
Where ^ [ is meant to mean the escape character , ASCII code 27 ...
The sequence ^ [ ( 0 switches G0 into line drawing mode , as applicable for X11 , and can be sent to the terminal via
echo -e ' \e(0 '
The sequence ^ [( B switches G0 back into standard or normal mode , and can similarly be sent via
echo -e ' \e ( B '
In console mode , the key combination CTRL+N will send the ^N sequence to the terminal ( defined in ANSI as SO , defined in POSIX to mean LS1 ) , switching it to the G1 character set , and CTRL+O will send what is defined in ANSI as SO but defined in POSIX as LS0 , switching it back to G1 .
However , these key combinations are interpreted to mean other things when pressed in a terminal environment , and only take effect when their character code counterparts ( SO or LS1 , which is 14 decimal , 0xE hexadecimal , or 016 octal , and SI or LS0 , which is 15 / 0xF / 017 ) , are echoed to the terminal .
To achieve this , try the commands below ( where words contained in < and > are intended to be pressed as key combos ) .
To echo SO , send
echo < CTRL+V>< CTRL+N >
And to echo SI , send :
echo < CTRL+V>< CTRL+O >
Therefore ,
When you cat a binary stream of data , there is a high chance the sequence 27 , 40 , 48 ( switch G1 into GL ) , 27 , 40 , 66 ( switch G0 into GL ) , 14 ( SO ) or 15 ( SI ) is likely to occur , in which case your terminal obeys these perfectly valid escape sequences , switching into or out of the box drawing character set and displaying whatever data proceeds these commands using that character set .
The chances of this occuring are threefold in console mode , since thise mode by default requires a 3rd of the chars required by X11 terminal emulators to switch to the box drawing character set , so console mode is more likely to be susceptible to this issue .
It is for this reason that terminals may also clear ( the UNIX ' clear ' command typically sends a longer sequence , but the sequence 27 99 appears to erase the display ) and I have personally seen this sequence sequence sent to my terminal at least once ) , or exhibit other odd side effects - the result of different escape sequences that are being sent to the terminal .
A fun example :
When in box drawing mode , the following keys are mapped to the following alternate box drawing glyphs :
j bottom right m bottom left k top right l top left q horiz line x vert line
With that knowledge , run the following code and observe how a square box is drawn on the screen .
echo -e ' \e ( 0lqqqqqqqqqqk
x x
x x
x x
mqqqqqqqqqqj\e(B '
Or , a little more spaced out ( indentation added purely for conciseness ) :
echo -e ' \e ( 0 ' echo lqqqqqqqqqqk echo x x echo x x echo x x echo mqqqqqqqqqqj echo ' \e ( B '
Yes , that 's how ncurses works too , in case you wondered .
Also , " reset " can be replaced by " tput reset " - this sends the same escape sequences ( more escape sequences ! ) as " reset " , but does n't delay at all .
References :
- the " console_codes " manpage
- man dtterm ( 5 ) , not available in Arch but mirrored at this ancient HP web url : http://h30097.www3.hp.com/docs/base_doc … 00____.HTM
For curious minds :
- Piping the output of something that uses escape sequences through a script like this PHP code ( where " \e " is what you want to replace the escape character to ) :
php -r ' echo str_replace ( chr ( " 27 " ) , " \e " , `tput reset` ) ; ' ; echo
is an easy way to investigate what sequences are being sent to the terminal .
Simple commands like " clear " , " tput reset " ( " reset " sends some signals directly to the terminal emulator process itself I think , NOT escape sequences , so is beyond the scope of this post ) , and so on are good starting points .
- Additionally , you can substitute editing of the output stream of an application via PHP or another language with redirection .
Redirecting the output of a program to a file is a good way to poke about inside the file , although beware that the files created with this method should only be looked at with simple editors like nano or e3 , which do n't try to have a go at figuring out the file content and / or " cleaning " it , like vi(m ) or emacs might .
NOTE that even when you 're redirecting the output of a program to a file , it still accepts input !
If your application for example accepts the key F10 to quit it , press F10 after you think your app is done loading , and the command you ran to start the app ( for example " mc > mc- output " ) should quit .
- Ncurses applications are a good place to learn about escape sequences without diving into sourcecode because the ncurses library uses a lot of undocumented escape sequences which do interesting things .
You 'll almost certainly want to redirect the output of the command to a file as per the method above , and additionally be prepared to do a LOT of digging around inside the output , as the escape sequences will be interspersed with a LOT of other characters , those being the program 's perfectly normal output .
Whew , that was quite a post .
I 'm glad that I had a good memory when I was somewhere between 8 to 11 , when I learnt about DOS escape sequences .
That was 9 to 6 years ago , and the knowledge has helped me handle UNIX 's infentesimally more complex escape sequences and find them actually learnable .
EDIT : Updated a bit of the text , fixed a typo , added more info
- dav7
Last edited by dav7 ( 2008-09-23 23:47:25 )
It turns out that voting Democratic — not just for president , but for congress too — might be the only way to save the Republican Party .
Over at the conservative Reason Online , Radley Balko explains :
Nothing short of defeat will put the GOP back on its limited government track . …
In the last eight years , the GOP has given us a monstrous new federal bureaucracy in the Department of Homeland Security .
In the prescription drug benefit , it ’s given us the largest new federal entitlement since the Johnson administration .
Federal spending — even on items not related to war or national security — has soared .
And we now get to watch as the party that ’s supposed to be ‘ free market ’ nationalizes huge chunks of the economy ’s financial sector .
We ’ve all watched as the Republican party has moved ever away from its roots as the party of small government , fiscal responsibility , and free enterprise , to a party dominated by a kind of lunatic fringe that is anti-gay , anti-abortion , anti-immigration , and anti-environment .
Sarah Palin has been characterized as the last gasp of that fringe .
Doug Mataconis on Below the Beltway points out that electing Democrats may be the only way to save us from socialism , since the current Republican party has “ tarnished the reputation of free market ideas in the minds of a public that does n’t know better ” .
In the same way that “ only Nixon could go to China ” , only a Republican president ( like Bush or McCain ) could nationalize our financial system .
Part of the problem with the current Republican party is that they have pushed away or destroyed moderates like General Colin Powell ( who at one time was considered a good candidate for president ) .
Another example is Slade Mead , who was elected to the Arizona Senate in 2002 , only to be rejected by the Republican party because he did n’t support their efforts to “ dismantle public schools ” and replace them with religious and charter schools .
The same article describes how in neighboring New Mexico , social conservatives pushed moderates out of positions of power in the Republican party .
Rush Limbaugh himself once said that if McCain got the nomination , “ it ’s going to destroy the Republican Party .
It ’s going to change it forever , be the end of it ! ” Peggy Noonan in the Wall Street Journal disagrees , claiming that it is Bush who destroyed the Republican party , and if “ you do n’t know what broke the elephant you ca n’t put it together again .
The party cannot re-find itself if it ca n’t trace back the moment at which it became lost .
It can not heal an illness whose origin is kept obscure . ”
By its actions — grasping onto Palin , and running negative and hateful campaigns — the Republican party is showing that it still does n’t know how it is destroying itself .
Glenn Greenwald has an excellent column giving concrete examples of how confused the Republicans are acting .
Only by voting Democratic can we save the Republican Party from itself .
Yes folks , it 's October , which means that the crazy end - of - year games rush has begun .
A boggling number of games are due out over the next few months , so let us guide you towards the titles we really think you should be keeping an eye on .
Remember though , most of these recommendations are based on previews , so wait until the final Games Radar review verdict before picking any of them up .
1. Animal Crossing : City Folk - Wii , 16th Nov US , December EU
It might not be the great hardcore hope Reggie claims it to be , but the Wii version of Animal Crossing certainly promises to be the definitive entry in the series .
It 's got proper online play , mic and keyboard communications , Mii support , a new city area full of customisable gear to pick up and connectivity between Wii and DS .
In other words , it 's got everything Animal Crossing always needed .
AC is one of those games you either love or just do n't get at all , but if you 're the former , this will be a must .
2. Banjo -Kazooie : Nuts & Bolts - Xbox 360 , 11th Nov US , 14th Nov EU
Part platformer , part puzzler , part driving game , part Garry 's Mod , Banjo - Kazooie : Nuts & Bolts is a quintessentially Rare reinvention of its classic bear and bird franchise .
Some might miss the pure platforming of the original games , but the sheer level of customisation and experimentation to be done with N & B's vehicles means that this one should have a lifetime 's worth of replayability .
3. Call of Duty : World At War - Xbox 360 , PC , PS3 , 11th Nov US , 14th Nov EU
So Treyarch steps up to the plate once again , and for a change , gamers everywhere are n't quaking in their boots .
With a proper , two - year development run , the team that is n't Infinity Ward has finally been given a fair shot at making the game it wants , and from what we 've played of that game so far , the combination of World War II 's more unusual campaign locations with COD4's in your face brutality might well give the Hitler - bashing genre a much - needed freshen up .
4. Castlevania : Order Of Ecclesia - DS , 21st Oct US , November EU
Okay , so it 's another one of the DS ' Metroidvania ' action RPG entries , but is there a problem with that ?
No there is n't , because they 've all been brilliant .
You know what to expect .
Platforming , monster - killing , upgrades , puzzling , and more Gothicism than an ' 80s rock club .
This time round , there 's also an interesting new ' glyph ' based customisable magic system and around twenty different locations to explore .
And you 'll be getting the now - inevitable DS / Wii connectivity too , allowing you to unlock extra stuff if you have a copy of we - hope - it 's - not - crap - but - so - far - it - looks - to - be Wii fighter Castlevania : Judgment .
5. Chrono Trigger - DS , 25th Nov US , January '09 EU
One of Square 's finest ever games , one of the freshest and most involving RPGs of all time and one third of the holy SNES trinity along with Secret Of Mana and Final Fantasy VI .
And now it's on the DS .
If you did n't play it on the SNES , do n't even consider not getting it .
If you did , still consider getting it .
That is all .
6. Dead Space - Xbox 360 , PC , PS3 , 14th Oct US , 24th Oct EU
From what we 've played of it so far , this will fill in the gap until Resident Evil 5 just fine .
It 's a dirty , oppressive space horror with a pounding atmosphere and the kind of gore that would make ' 80s cinema proud .
It 's as if John Carpenter , Ridley Scott and David Cronenberg decided to make a sci- fi shooter .
And decided to make it really horrible .
7. Disaster : Day of Crisis - Wii , Oct 24th EU , TBC US
A decent - looking third - person action game on the Wii ?
Heavens be praised !
Disaster has been quietly milling along for a good while now , to the point where we thought it might even have been canceled a while back .
Thankfully not , as it now looks like a very interesting blend of third - person adventure , cover - shooting , rescuing and puzzling , all set against the backdrop of some epic disaster movie set - pieces .
Watch the new , hilariously - voiced trailer here .
Oh , dear Lord .
We are so screwed .
Watch this :
The guy promoting the free taxi program to register the homeless in Ohio exults : “ It ’s a perfect opportunity for them to come in , register at a temporary address like a homeless shelter or a YMCA or something like that .
They can register at that address because they do n’t know where they ’re going to be tomorrow or next week . ”
Another woman describes trolling bus stops and picking up prospects : “ I asked ’em if they ’re registered to vote and if they were n’t , I said ‘ Get in the car , I ’m bringing you ! ' ”
A homeless thug now registered to vote comments : “ They picked me up .
They seen me walkin’ around .
So day said , ‘ You wanna vote ? ’
I said , ‘ Yeah , I ’ll vote . ’ ( laughs )
Day said , ‘ We ’ll take you anywhere you want . ’
I said , ‘ Dat ’s cool ’ … If day say ‘ sign the ballot , ’ just give ’em and do exactly what they want you to do . ’
I mean , hey , dis is America , you know ? ” ( laughs ) .
Who does this new voter support ?
“ Barack !
I mean , I want him to do his thang .
You know , do his thug thizzle .
You know .
That ’s how I like it to be .
You know .
( laughs ) . ”
Organizers hoped to sign up 1,000 like him by the end of the day yesterday — and more all week .
Palestra reporter Shelby Holliday who intervewed the goons has a blog post on her encounters here .
ACORN , as you know , is heavily involved in these fraud - riddled voter registration efforts in Ohio .
Ohio - based blog Third Base Politics adds :
An unnamed source …related a heartwarming story of a 15 passenger van dropping off a load of drunk , homeless guys at Vet ’s Memorial in Columbus .
The organizers were just trying to allow these men to exercise their right to vote , but it seemed that they were all too drunk to get in line .
What commenced was a “ homeless rodeo ” where the organizers had to wrangle the men from the parking lot and load them back in the van .
***
Speaking of voter fraud , Ken Timmerman sifts through Obama ’s campaign donation records and finds some very phony baloney contributors :
In a letter dated June 25 , 2008 , the FEC asked the Obama campaign to verify a series of $ 25 donations from a contributor identified as “ Will , Good ” from Austin , Texas .
Mr. Good Will listed his employer as “ Loving ” and his profession as “ You . ” A Newsmax analysis of the 1.4 million individual contributions in the latest master file for the Obama campaign discovered 1,000 separate entries for Mr. Good Will , most of them for $ 25 .
In total , Mr. Good Will gave $ 17,375 .
Following this and subsequent FEC requests , campaign records show that 330 contributions from Mr. Good Will were credited back to a credit card .
But the most recent report , filed on Sept. 20 , showed a net cumulative balance of $ 8,950 — still well over the $ 4,600 limit .
There can be no doubt that the Obama campaign noticed these contributions , since Obama ’s Sept. 20 report specified that Good Will ’s cumulative contributions since the beginning of the campaign were $ 9,375 .
ORDER IT NOW
In an e-mailed response to a query from Newsmax , Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt pledged that the campaign would return the donations .
But given the slowness with which the campaign has responded to earlier FEC queries , there ’s no guarantee that the money will be returned before the Nov. 4 election .
Similarly , a donor identified as “ Pro , Doodad , ” from “ Nando , NY , ” gave $ 19,500 in 786 separate donations , most of them for $ 25 .
For most of these donations , Mr. Doodad Pro listed his employer as “ Loving ” and his profession as “ You , ” just as Good Will had done .
But in some of them , he did n’t even go this far , apparently picking letters at random to fill in the blanks on the credit card donation form .
In these cases , he said he was employed by “ VCX ” and that his profession was “ VCVC . ”
Following FEC requests , the Obama campaign began refunding money to Doodad Pro in February 2008 .
In all , about $ 8,425 was charged back to a credit card .
But that still left a net total of $ 11,165 as of Sept. 20 , way over the individual limit of $ 4,600 .
Here again , LaBolt pledged that the contributions would be returned but gave no date .
In February , after just 93 donations , Doodad Pro had already gone over the $ 2,300 limit for the primary .
He was over the $ 4,600 limit for the general election one month later .
In response to FEC complaints , the Obama campaign began refunding money to Doodad Pro even before he reached these limits .
But his credit card was the gift that kept on giving .
His most recent un - refunded contributions were on July 7 , when he made 14 separate donations , apparently by credit card , of $ 25 each .
Just as with Mr. Good Will , there can be no doubt that the Obama campaign noticed the contributions , since its Sept. 20 report specified that Doodad ’s cumulative contributions since the beginning of the campaign were $ 10,965 .
Andy McCarthy sums up :
At some point in our lives , most of us have probably seen a task so revolting that we 've admitted , " You could n't pay me to do that . "
But not everyone feels that way .
If a job needs to be done , chances are you can find someone to do it -- especially if the price is right .
Whether it 's cleaning up human excrement or taking care of the dead , many people are willing to pay enough money not to do it , and they 'll gladly pass the buck .
Although most of us would rather live in blissful ignorance of what goes on in these nasty but necessary jobs , finding out the grisly details might send us thanking our lucky stars for our cushy jobs .
On the other hand , taking a peek into the paychecks might have us considering a career change .
If you 're willing to get your hands dirty , you 'll be able to rake in a nice living , in many cases for only a few months of work out of the year and without a college degree .
­
­A dirty job may mean working with stuff that grosses most people out , but you can make a decent amount of money and you may also be happier with it .
Some studies show that jobs with hands - on , manual activities make people happier than office jobs [ BBC News ] .
In the movie " Office Space , " the main character despised life as an office drone and finally finds happiness in a lowly construction job .
If you want to make a nice living but dread mind - numbing office work and fluorescent - lit cubicles , one of these jobs might be a perfect for you .
But check a weak stomach at the door :
These jobs entail revolting , dangerous and sometimes psychologically disturbing duties .
First , we 'll do a Dumpster dive into the life of a garbage collector .
­
­
Secret Service order police to block McCain protesters David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday September 17 , 2008
Print This Email This When John McCain and Sarah Palin spoke before an audience of 7,000 in the economically depressed city of Youngstown , Ohio on Tuesday , slightly over a dozen protesters stood across the street with signs saying " The fundamentals of my economy are not strong " and " Country club first . "
Leaders of the protest , which had been arranged and publicized by local unions and the Ohio Democratic Party , said that as many as several hundred people had been expected to attend , but police were not letting them through roadblocks surrounding the area .
" I had about a dozen folks call me trying to get out here , but they have the roads closed and I guess they just do n't want the folks out here demonstrating peacefully for Obama , " said one union representative .
Trumbull County Sheriff Tom Altiere said that his deputies were just following orders from the Secret Service to only allow through those with tickets for the McCain event .
According to a story which ran in the local paper prior to the abortive protest , " The Ohio Democratic Party , the Ohio AFL - CIO , the Service Employees International Union and local Democratic officials will carry signs in opposition to McCain and Palin as well as speak out against the pairs policies .
... Youngstown Mayor Jay Williams and labor leaders will ' discuss the devastating impact that four more years of Bush - McCain - Palin policies would have on the Mahoning Valley . ' "
The full WYTV story is available here .
This video is from WYTV , broadcast Sept. 16 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
“ It bugs the hell out of me , ” said Sgt. George Lewis , Captain Veath ’s platoon sergeant in Company B , Third Platoon , First Battalion , 14th Infantry Regiment .
“ We do n’t see any progress being made at all .
We hear these guys in firefights .
We know if we are not up there helping these guys out we are making very little progress . ”
Image Iraqi soldiers on Tuesday after abandoning their posts on a joint mission with American troops in the Sadr City area of Baghdad .
Credit ... Joao Silva for The New York Times
Company B moved into Sadr City at the end of March as part of a broader effort to secure the southernmost portion of the densely populated Sadr City .
That area has been used by militias to fire 107 - millimeter rockets toward the Green Zone .
The Americans ’ mission is to stop the rocket firings and help the Iraqi government establish a modicum of control .
Some Iraqi soldiers have fought hard .
American soldiers have been regularly coaching them on how to protect their patrol bases , conserve ammunition and evacuate their wounded .
One big problem is that the Iraqi troops have responded to militia gunfire with such intense fusillades that the soldiers have endangered civilians , American soldiers and even their own forces .
The barrage of Iraqi Army fire has become such a regular occurrence that some American soldiers are worried that militia fighters have tried to insert themselves between nearby Iraqi units to induce the Iraqi soldiers to fire on one another .
In a recent visit to the Iraqi forward position , First Sgt. Martin Angulo of Company B sought to coach the Iraqis on how to use their newly acquired M - 16s to direct precision fire at a militia sniper who had been tormenting the Iraqi forces from an alleyway .
The problem on Tuesday , however , was more serious : an Iraqi retreat that left a gaping hole in the most forward position on a critical thoroughfare in the Tharwa section of Sadr City .
Institute for the Future
If you knew the human race was facing imminent extinction , what would you do ?
For the folks at the Institute for the Future , a Palo Alto , Calif . - based think tank , creating a fictional scenario in which five " superthreats " have coalesced in 2019 to augur the end of the human race by 2042 became the basis for a new in which players the world over have been weighing in with ideas for staving off disaster .
The game the IFTF created , known as Superstruct , launched October 6 , and is the first of what could be many so - called massively multiplayer forecasting games .
The idea behind Superstruct and others that could follow it is to leverage the wisdom of the crowds to come up with solutions to complicated problems and do so in a fun , challenging , and entertaining way that encourages people 's participation .
The five superthreats include " quarantine , " which involves " declining health and pandemic disease , " " ravenous , " which deals with the world 's collapsing food system , " power struggle , " which revolves around declining energy and the fight over remaining energy resources , " outlaw planet , " which focuses on the erosion of civil rights and " generation exile , " which looks at the worldwide " diaspora of diasporas , " or a worldwide refugee epidemic .
And it may be working .
Already , the game -- which ends November 17 - - has more than 5,000 players from across the globe who have contributed hundreds of ideas , in the form of stories , intended to mitigate the coming faux - disaster .
As of Monday , those user - submitted ideas have already been deemed strong enough that the Superstruct site now says that the end of the human race has been pushed back at least six years , to 2048 .
To be sure , Superstruct is nothing more than scenario planning in the guise of a game , and despite the many , many drastic problems Earth faces these days , it is very unlikely that the human race is actually down to its last 40 years .
But for many participants in the game , being involved has satisfied an itch to make some sort of difference in the world .
" It appears that people are extremely motivated by the challenge of fixing the future , " said Jane McGonigal , the lead designer on Superstruct .
" People are unsettled right now , with the economy ( and other crises and ) that makes us hungry for the opportunity to contribute . "
McGonigal , who previously helped design the famous ARG , I Love Bees , A World without Oil , and more recently led the design on the Olympic - themed ARG , The Lost Ring , said that the early planning of Superstruct involved asking participants to submit stories of dinner conversations they might have in 2019 .
She said that very quickly , more than 1,000 people came forward with such stories , something that caught her , and her fellow Superstruct lead organizers , forecast director Kathi Vian and scenario director Jamais Cascio , off guard .
" That signaled to us that people will take this very , very seriously , " McGonigal said .
" That was the cue to me that this was going to be big and was going to tap into this unmet hunger for contributing . "
Among her favorite dinner stories , McGonigal said , was one that a married man from New Zealand who currently has no children , but hopes to one day , came up with about what he would say to his kids about the fact that they could be the last generation of the human race .
" It was really thoughtful , not ( like from a ) B - movie , " McGonigal said .
" It was serious , and reflects what people are thinking about today . "
Institute for the Future
And while Superstruct is clearly fiction , McGonigal and her colleagues at the Institute for the Future see it as imperative that scenarios like the ones raised in the game get talked about now .
" The world will almost certainly be a worse place for the next generation , " she said .
" If we do n't act now , we 're going to have a lot of explaining " to do .
Because Superstruct takes place across a wide range of media -- including wikis , blogs , YouTube , forums , and others , some feel that it can help players with their own professional development even as they participate in bettering the understanding of how to deal with the problems of the future .
" I think one of the coolest parts of the game is how it takes advantage of players ' existing participatory media literacy and pushes them to develop new ones , " said Dale Larson , a mobile and social media strategist .
" The transfer from game to real world is not only ... solving the future problems but ( also fostering ) real world collaboration from both social and technical perspectives that lead to job skills and organizational skills . "
As the game progresses , a series of " game masters " are taking some of the stories submitted by players and incorporating them into the larger Superstruct scenario .
That 's why the date of humanity 's extinction has already moved from its original 2042 to the current 2048 - - because of the value of the many user - created submissions .
Indeed , one of the goals of the game seems to be to turn the superthreats on their head and use the submissions made by player in each of the five categories to come up with solutions to the problems .
And that 's why each superthreat is subtitled , for example , " inventing the future of food , " or " inventing the future of security . "
Each week , a new update is posted for each superthreat , bringing the scenario current according to the game masters ' incorporation of submissions .
So , for example , this week 's assessment of the food crisis includes the following : " There are big ideas afoot to confront the Ravenous Superthreat head - on , like irrigating the Australian desert with solar - desalinated ocean water .
Alongside this are more subtle ones oriented to ecological stability ; this week , for instance , has seen no fewer than three Superstructs proposed to address the challenge of maintaining bee populations .
As solutions continue to arise , however , so do the challenges .
We 're getting reports of continued battles on the home front for personal food security . "
Of course , the stories that are used to create these ongoing scenarios are available for public viewing as well .
And the best are given awards based on creativity and other attributes .
One example came from a player called Tiny Tegan , who posited a scene from Amsterdam , where supermarkets have closed down due to a lack of stocked shelves -- and government regulations against imported food .
The fictional Amsterdam resident reported that he ( or she ) walked past a closed market , only to see people milling around inside .
Climbing through a shattered door to see what was going on , the resident found a number of " ragged farmers " trading various meats , cheeses , bread and so on .
" I purchased ( an apple ) for a resaonable fee and asked ( the farmer ) where she had come from , " Tiny Tegan wrote .
" She explained that these farmers were part of a virtual collective , sharing agricultural tips and political news across Netherland 's rural expanses -- and that the urban food shortage has inspired them to start a co-op in the city .
They had arrived that morning and were planning to open their doors the next day .
Needless to say , I was ecstatic and asked what I could do to help .
She said , ' Spread the word . ' "
Hundreds of similar stories exist for each of the five superthreats .
And that 's precisely the point .
" It 's exciting stuff , " said Ron Meiners , the director of community for the Hollywood Interactive Group .
" It creates a new forum for people to collaboratively address issues and problems we all face .
The technology offers new opportunities for people to work together , but we are just learning the roles we can have together .
Superstruct is a very creative way for people to effectively discuss different Issues , and ideally , meaningful solutions ... We need to evolve new social structures to collaborate and work together . "
As the game has moved forward and players have impressed the game masters with their submissions , the human race has gotten a little more time on its clock .
McGonigal acknowledged that she and her fellow planners did consider letting the clock run in reverse , meaning that humans could die off before 2042 .
Thankfully , though , it will only be possible to make our race live longer , at least under the rules of Superstruct .
" We decided that just by throwing your lot in and putting attention on problems , " McGonigal said , " that will only do good , so we 've decided that there 's very little players can do to hurt " mankind 's future .
Every Road Leads You Somewhere
Guy that assaulted his ex- gf attacks a cop then gets beaten down and tasered .
Be afraid , be very afraid ...
" With the situation becoming more precarious by the day , I faced a choice : to step in with dramatic government action or to stand back and allow the irresponsible actions by some to undermine the financial security of all , " Bush said .
Said Bush : " We must not let this happen . " [..]
" Without immediate action by Congress , American could slip into a financial panic and a distressing scenario would unfold , " Bush said in a 12 - minute prime - time address delivered from the White House East Room that he hoped would help rescue his tough - sell bailout package .
" Ultimately , our country could experience a long and painful recession . "
President Bush said Wednesday that lawmakers risk a cascade of wiped - out retirement savings , rising home foreclosures , lost jobs and closed businesses if they fail to act on a massive financial rescue plan .
" Our entire economy is in danger , " he said .
You know , if we had n't heard some variation on this " mushroom cloud " speech more than a half dozen times from Bush over the last eight years , it might actually have some more weight .
Not that there is n't a crisis , but he 's threatening us with a " long and painful recession " ?
Has he not been paying attention recently ?
Steve Clemons :
Tonight , George Bush succeeded I think in scaring Americans that this crisis could be a systemic threat .
Bush said " our entire economy is in danger . "
That 's the fear button .
He pushed it .
And he said the clock was ticking .
This seems like a bad episode of " 24 . "
What is shocking about the presentation by Bush -- and the deal that is unfolding is that we do n't see any acceptance of responsibility for the failure of his team 's stewardship of the economy .
We did n't hear acknowledgment that the compulsive deregulation mantra of Bush 's political and economic allies created a massive bubble where lots of billionaires were created and now tens of millions of less fortunate Americans are holding the bill .
We did n't hear Bush say that it 's time to reverse the tax cuts that he put in place to help those who have already benefited from the perverse finance and housing bubble that was pumped up .
We did n't hear a firm commitment from Bush to help the working families who hold these sub-prime and adjustable rate mortgages to stay in their homes and to help stabilize the lives of hard - hit Americans , their neighborhoods and their jobs .
All the while , the macro players and big firms and their stakeholders are bailed out .
We probably do need to float major funds into the financial sector -- but there needs to be a quid pro quo written in to the deal , a new social contract that does away with the " winner takes all syndrome " that has helped rot out America 's economic promise .
And we need to hear what comes after the bail out .
This nation is heading into recession -- and is probably already there .
Living in a small dorm room with a total stranger is a universally stressful experience .
Learning to be polite and considerate to each other is a must , as is mature , open communication about what the two of you expect from each other .
But if you really want to get on your roommate ’s nerves , here are 20 great strategies .
Use your snooze button whenever possible .
Avoid cleaning , especially things involving food and dirty underwear .
Have an extra loud ring tone , and make sure it goes off in the middle of the night .
Have an extra loud everything , for that matter .
The noisier you are , the better .
Make sure you have lots of company whenever your roommate has an exam .
Buy a comforter that completely clashes with your roommate ’s .
Borrow your roommate ’s things–no biggie , right ?
Break your roommate ’s things–no biggie , right ?
Gossip about your roommate to everyone on the floor .
Forget to mention that visitors have stopped by .
Spill perfume or cologne in the room .
Study in the room all the time .
Eat your roommate ’s food , and drink his or her milk right out of the carton .
Make sure your guests are rude to your roommate .
If you have a “ special ” guest , be sure to be be intimate in front of your roommate .
Eat things in the room that gross your roommate out .
Spill things on your roommate ’s homework
Be rude when your roommate ’s parents visit ( bonus points for being drunk ) .
Put political and religious messages all over your side of the room that your roommate disagrees with .
Flirt with your roommate ’s ex–or current .
Posted on August 14th , 2008 by Naomi
Tags : college roommate , dorm , dorm roommate , roommates
Posted in Campus Life , College Advice | 5 Comments »
These days , sleep is often seen as an expendable resource .
With so much work to do and limited time to accomplish tasks , going to sleep later and waking up earlier seems so natural .
For some people , lack of sleep was used to prove toughness and stamina .
It was common for physician trainees to boast ( in some cases complain ) about getting little sleep .
However , studies showing suboptimal patient care when residents are sleep - deprived have resulted in shorter working hours and mandatory time off after a number of hours at work .
Some of the most vulnerable to sleep deprivation are adolescents .
With the economy faltering , parents and families are under enormous pressure , and children are bearing more stress than they should .
This time period is also awkward for adolescents , because they are branching out and trying to discover themselves .
In addition , they compete academically to gain admission to prized universities and to win scholarships .
This competition , at times , can be stifling .
To achieve their goals , many adolescents are cutting back on sleep , sometimes significantly .
The National Sleep Foundation ’s Sleep in America poll found that more than three - fourths of teens between the ages of 13 - 18 go to bed at 11:00 pm or later on school nights .
It is not uncommon for high school students to be found at coffee cafes drinking large cups of coffee or lattes into the night as they finish their projects or study for an AP ( advanced placement ) class .
Energy drinks , and even caffeine tablets to keep awake are being consumed and are causing irregular sleep patterns .
The loss of sleep in adolescents is causing more than just increased daytime sleepiness and irregular sleep patterns .
A study examining the influence of sleep patterns in adolescents ( ages 11 - 14 ) revealed symptoms of depression and a decrease in self - esteem with chronic loss of sleep .
Those with insomnia were more likely to develop major depression , abuse drugs , and have nicotine dependence .
Sleep deprived adolescents also experience more anger , sadness , and fear .
Most alarming , however , has been the suicidal behavior exhibited in this group .
It is well known that sleep deprivation can affect brain activity .
Insomnia and serotonin , in particular , may be linked to depression and suicidal behavior .
Serotonin is a neurotransmitter important in the regulation of the sleep - wake cycle and has been found in decreased concentrations in the brainstem of suicide victims .
Loss of sleep or the disturbance of sleep can cause fluctuations in serotonin .
Although there have not been many large studies examining loss of sleep and its effects on adolescent behavior , the effects of sleep deprivation in general have been well documented .
Some of these effects include reduced short - term memory and learning ability , negative mood , inconsistent performance , poor productivity and loss of some forms of behavioral control .
It is important for youth to have the proper amount of sleep .
Doctors recommend at east 8 to 9 hours of sleep for teenagers .
References
S. Okie ( 2007 ) .
An Elusive Balance — Residents ’ Work Hours and the Continuity of Care New England Journal of Medicine , 356 ( 26 ) , 2665 -2667 DOI : 10.1056/NEJMp078085
National Sleep Foundation .
Sleepiness in Teens .
Not Just a Side Effect of Growing Up .
J. John Mann ( 2003 ) .
Neurobiology of suicidal behaviour Nature Reviews Neuroscience , 4 ( 10 ) , 819-828 DOI : 10.1038/nrn1220
The US National Security Agency has released a case study showing how to develop zero - defect code in a cost - effective manner .
The researchers of the project conclude that , if adopted widely , the practices advocated in the case study could help make commercial software programs more reliable and less vulnerable .
I examined a small part of the case study 's code , and was not impressed .
The Tokeneer case study involves an NSA - funded project carried out by the U.K. - based Praxis High Integrity Systems and Spre Inc .
The project 's materials , such as requirements , security target , specifications , designs , and proofs , and the code are now available online .
According to an article in the Government Computer News , Tokeneer meets or exceeds the Common Criteria Evaluation Assurance Level ( EAL ) 5 .
A related paper presented at the 1st IEEE International Symposium of Secure Software Engineering concludes that the case study has shown that software - based security products can be built so that they are reliable , verifiable and cost effective against Common Criteria guidelines , thus raising the bar for both procurers and suppliers .
I 'm not the most qualified person to judge the project 's requirements analysis , the formal specification , and formal refinement of the specification .
However , intrigued by the statements regarding the project 's software quality , and based on the legendary reputation of Praxis 's work , I decided to download and have a look at the released code .
I examined one of the largest source code files ( tis_release / code/core/auditlog.adb ) , and in it I found difficult to maintain , error - prone code , a poor naming choice , inconsistent code formatting , and , even , what I think is a logic error ( I sincerely hope somebody proves me wrong on the last one ) .
My judgment criteria are relatively strict , but I think they are commensurate with the extraordinary claims made by the study .
Difficult to Maintain and Error - Prone Code
Here are excerpts of the code used for mapping the number of a log file to its name .
subtype LogFileIndexT is LogFileCountT range 1 .. MaxNumberLogFiles ; subtype FileNameI is Positive range 1 .. 16 ; subtype FileNameT is String ( FileNameI ) ; type LogFileNamesT is array ( LogFileIndexT ) of FileNameT ; LogFileNames : constant LogFileNamesT := LogFileNamesT '( 1 => " ./Log/File01.log " , 2 => " ./Log/File02.log " , 3 => " ./Log/File03.log " , 4 => " ./Log/File04.log " , 5 => " ./Log/File05.log " , 6 => " ./Log/File06.log " , 7 => " ./Log/File07.log " , 8 => " ./Log/File08.log " , 9 => " ./Log/File09.log " , 10 => " ./Log/File10.log " , 11 => " ./Log/File11.log " , 12 => " ./Log/File12.log " , 13 => " ./Log/File13.log " , 14 => " ./Log/File14.log " , 15 => " ./Log/File15.log " , 16 => " ./Log/File16.log " , 17 => " ./Log/File17.log " ) ;
See how more than 20 lines of code are used for what I could express in C or Java with a couple of lines .
like the following .
static String logFileName ( int n ) { Formatter f = new Formatter ( ) ; return f . format ( " ./Log/File%02d.log " , n ) . toString ( ) ; }
There are a number of problems with this part of the study 's code .
First , the code violates the DRY ( do n't repeat yourself ) principle , making it error prone , and difficult to change and maintain .
Each array element initialization must be separately inspected by hand to verify that it matches the corresponding array index .
The code also violates the single point of truth principle .
Each time MaxNumberLogFiles changes , an entry must also be added to or removed from the array initialization .
If the log file name or location changes , it must be changed 17 times , and if the string 's length changes , one must also adjust the magic number 16 appearing in the declaration of FileNameI , which is the length of the filename used for initializing the array .
Finally , the large number of repetitive lines inflates the productivity figure cited in the study ( 10,000 lines of code in 260 person - days , or about 38 lines of code per day ) .
A Poor Name Choice
A data structure named and documented as a list is actually what is commonly called a circular or ring buffer .
------------------------------------------------------------------
-- NextListIndex -- --
Description : --
Returns the next index , wrapping if necessary .
-- -- Implementation Notes : -- None . --
------------------------------------------------------------------ function NextListIndex ( Value : LogFileIndexT ) return LogFileIndexT is Result : LogFileIndexT ; begin if Value = LogFileIndexT ' Last then Result := LogFileIndexT ' First ; else Result := Value + 1 ; end if ; return Result ; end NextListIndex ;
The above 21 lines implement what is commonly written inline using a simple modulo division .
Inconsistent Code Formatting
The code 's developers , despite the development environment they use , seem to have trouble maintaining a consistent formatting style for spacing the code 's elements .
As an example , notice the spacing after LogFiles .
We have cases where there is a space before the bracket , after the bracket , and no space at all .
LogFilesStatus ( Index ) := Free ; LogFiles ( Index ) := The File ; FileH := LogFiles ( I ) ;
A Logic Error ?
A function , SystemFaultOccurred , is documented to return " True exactly when a critical system fault has occurred while attempting to maintain the audit log . "
This matches the corresponding specification ( tis_release / docs/50_2_INFORMED_Design/50_2.pdf p. 43 ) : " The operation SystemFaultOccurred indicates whether or not a critical system fault has occurred whilst writing to the log . "
This is implemented by having a global variable , AuditSystemFault , set very conservatively to true whenever something goes wrong in the system .
Here are the cases in the code where AuditSystem Fault is set .
( OK is a variable set by various system functions . )
AuditSystemFault := AuditSystemFault or not OK ; AuditSystemFault := AuditSystemFault or not OK ; AuditSystemFault := AuditSystemFault or not OK ; AuditSystemFault := AuditSystemFault or not OK ; AuditSystemFault := True ; AuditSystemFault := True ; AuditSystemFault := True ; AuditSystemFault := True ; AuditSystemFault := not OK ;
However , when a log file is deleted the previous value of AuditSystemFault is ANDed instead of ORed with the operation 's result , thus clearing it if the deletion is successful , and failing to set it if the deletion fails , but no fault was detected before .
File .
Delete ( The File => The File , Success => OK ) ; AuditSystemFault := AuditSystemFault and not OK ;
The following table illustrates this strange behavior .
AuditSystemFault OK not OK AuditSystemFault and not OK False False True False False True False False True False True True True True False False
If the implemented behavior is indeed correct ( I doubt it ) , at the very least what looks like a strange divergence from the specification should have been documented in the code .
I found these problems in less than an hour , in the second source code file I looked ( the first was extremely short ) .
At the very least my findings indicate that formal methods are not a substitute or a guarantee of good programming practices .
Comments
Even the Mil standard for software from 1994 was ridiculously bad ( be sure to check off that you 've done stress testing and notified a supervisor that you 've written complete units tests , etc )
Posted by : Jack9 on Sun Oct 19 03:44:34 2008 UTC — permalink
Interesting and valuable analysis .
What this shows , of course , is that there 's much more to " good " code than being error - free .
We can see the same thing by noting that quality in code is about much more than just reliability , even though far too many see quality as only reliability .
I am not suprised that code sought to be error - free falls short in other respects .
Typically , when we concentrate heavily on one quality criteria , the others may suffer .
Plus your analysis also illustrates that one person 's good code is another person 's trash .
I agree with your analysis of the flaws in this code , but others might not - I can remember some of my own code that I thought exceptionally brilliant which others thought was truly awful .
" To each his own , " " different strokes for different folks " ...
Posted by : Robert L. Glass on Sun Oct 19 06:07:34 2008 UTC — permalink
your concerns are pretty orthogonal to theirs .
You have n't really established that their code will do something other than what it is supposed to do ... which is exactly what formal methods are supposed to verify will not happen .
I am not aware of any automated formal methods , or any other highly reliable software engineering practice , that stops bad or misleading comments .
To do that in an automated or semi-automated fashion would probably take some form of AI , and the current wetware AI 's we have right now can't even get universal agreement on whether many comments are bad or not .
your statement that formal methods do not ensure good software engineering practice is probably the most accurate and telling about the code .
I am guessing ( without proof , the irony ) that the multiple file names comes from some kind of loop unwinding , either manual or automated .
Loops and recursion are extra work for the kinds of proof assistants that were probably used on this code , and by strategically eliminating them you can prevent having to do more complicated proofs for the code .
Posted by : CS Student on Sun Oct 19 06:15:15 2008 UTC — permalink
Just a quick comment about your analysis of the filename mapping .
The purpose of listing out each mapping explicitly is because it's much easier to prove the correctness of the code in that format ( the mapping itself is the proof ) .
Using a helper function requires you to also prove the correctness of that function .
Simplicity in this case is reducing complexity , and you can't get any less complex than a direct 1 to 1 mapping .
Posted by : decibel on Sun Oct 19 06:16:40 2008 UTC — permalink
I apologize for the above run-on post , I have Javascript turned off , which I 'm guessing fixes things like automatically inserting br tags .
also , thank you for writing Code Reading .
Excellent book .
Posted by : CS Student on Sun Oct 19 06:23:17 2008 UTC — permalink
I think you are wrong about the logical error .
Maybe a system fault is not defined to be critical if the log file could be deleted without error .
Given the very strict rules put on this code I would be highly surprised if it actually was a real error .
Also , your part about poor naming is stupid .
You do n't even mention what you think is bad about the name (s ) .
Perhaps rename that section ?
Posted by : rustupid on Sun Oct 19 06:23:40 2008 UTC — permalink
Go search for safety - critical programming on Google for more on this subject .
In general , code must do what was specified , ONLY what was specified , and must be completely deterministic even when passed bad data .
As such , your example logging function does not serve as an equivalent implementation to theirs .
Among other things , your example does not have a known maximum path length , which could itself be a fatal mistake on an embedded system .
It also risks overflowing a simple filesystem 's allowed number of directory entries .
The big difference necessary for zero - defect / safety - critical coding is to expressly specify all behavior .
This is orthogonal to the normal rules of programmer - efficient programming , where the one critical expense is programmer - hours .
It is also orthogonal in many cases to processor - efficient programming as well , in part due to all the repetitive range - and - value checks that are necessary to guarantee that each module exactly implements its specified behavior .
This kind of software development almost always results in behavior specifications that are even larger than the resulting code .
It may not be suitable for Word , but it 's a good idea for aircraft engine management computers , pacemakers , or nuclear warhead triggers .
Posted by : Robert on Sun Oct 19 07:25:20 2008 UTC — permalink
It may be that the log file naming code is satisfying a requirement for little or no dynamic memory allocation .
This is a typical USGov requirement for embedded systems .
If all memory must be statically allocated at initialization , then your code would not meet the spec .
Or , they could be following Ken Thompson 's dictum : " When in doubt , use brute force " .
Posted by : Lurker on Sun Oct 19 08:18:36 2008 UTC — permalink
Your log file version wo n't trap errors at compile time - the ADA version will - that 's why it 's done that way , to ensure that * only * those items in the array can be used .
One of the main advantages of ADA ( and SPARK ) is that most run-time errors can be eliminated at compile time .
You can't do that in Java or C , unless you run it through something like PolySpace first .
Posted by : Dave on Sun Oct 19 09:45:47 2008 UTC — permalink
I 'm not sure it is a logic error .
It 's only supposed to be set if it 's a critical system error .
If the error working with the file happened before it was deleted , but the deletion went ok , then things can carry on as normal .
For example , say the file was too big and could n't be written to .
This is a critical error .
If the file is then deleted , it 's not a problem any more .
It * could * be a logic error , but I have n't traced the code flow so I do n't know if could overwrite an important error .
Posted by : Ian Calvert on Sun Oct 19 10:08:32 2008 UTC — permalink
First I see 1..16 , and then 1 to 17 log file names .
If that is correct it sure is n't very obvious why .
At least to me .
Posted by : Tommy Hallgren on Sun Oct 19 10:23:30 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : I think you are wrong about the logical error .
Maybe a system fault is not defined to be critical if the log file could be deleted without error .
I did not find this in the specifications .
It a plausible guess though .
Another thought that occurred to me is that deletions may initially fail before the log files are created , and the expression is an attempt to work around that .
Re : Using a helper function requires you to also prove the correctness of that function .
I would think that having a repertoire of helper functions proved to be correct would an excellent way to increase the software 's reliability .
Re : your part about poor naming is stupid .
You do n't even mention what you think is bad about the name (s ) .
Given that the so - called list wraps around , NextRingIndex , would be more appropriate .
Re :
It may be that the log file naming code is satisfying a requirement for little or no dynamic memory allocation .
I agree , but the log file number could be patched over a statically allocated string .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Sun Oct 19 11:02:29 2008 UTC — permalink
hi , thank god so many people already realized that the data - structure bound 1:1 mapping is easier to verify .
this is THE goal of such projects .
also , problems within the formatter might be a problem for verification ( e.g. buffer overflows in sprintfs and the like ) .
to be comparable , you would have at least apply sanity checks w.r.t. to the integer parameter n. regarding the location changes : this would not affect the system , if the " Log " directory would be a symlink ; so a change could be done externally w/o even the need for recompiling the code at hand ; i have seen many people doing this and it totally makes sense to me .
( whereas in this scenario i think that this is specified somewhere , which in goverment scenarios probably comes second to engravement in stone ... ) i fully agree with the naming problems in your second statement ; if for some reason this had to fit with some naming scheme , it should have at least been noted in the documentation .
same with the third problem , though given comments suggest meaningful alternatives to your interpretation , at least a hint in the source code would have been necessary .
Posted by : jacques on Sun Oct 19 12:19:54 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : code must do what was specified , ONLY what was specified , and must be completely deterministic even when passed bad data .
Bad data can come from outside the application or from within it .
It is reasonable for the application to assume ( or , better , prove ) that data passed to a function from within the application is always correct .
For instance , the NextListIndex function assumes that the value passed is less than or equal to LogFileIndexT 'Last .
This is not even specified in a precondition .
If the value is larger than LogFileIndexT 'Last , then the function will return a wrong result .
Similarly , in the case of mapping a file number to a file name , assuming that the log file 's number will not be " bad " is a reasonable assumption , one that could be proved statically .
The original code also does n't ensure that the log files will not overflow a directory with a limited number of entries , if that number is less than 17 .
One way I can think of meeting such a constraint is to add a constant in the code ( MaxNumberOfAllowedDirectoryEntries ) , and add a compile - time assertion ( MaxLogFileNumber <= MaxNumberOfAllowedDirectoryEntries ) .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Sun Oct 19 13:59:49 2008 UTC — permalink
The code you have presented as being " corrections " would not result in a verified zero - defect deliverable .
Formal methods such as these were developed , in part , to counter arrogant programmers such as yourself who have the hubris to look at verified zero - defect code , then , believing themselves to be " improving it " , introduce potential defects .
Secondly , please see the definition of " defect " .
Naming conventions and the other petty whinges you made about this code are not considered defects .
Posted by : Kurt on Sun Oct 19 14:02:34 2008 UTC — permalink
subtype LogFileIndexT is LogFileCountT range 1 .. MaxNumberLogFiles ; -- ... function NextListIndex ( Value : LogFileIndexT ) return LogFileIndexT
Re : " For instance , the NextListIndex function assumes that the value passed is less than or equal to LogFileIndexT 'Last .
This is not even specified in a precondition .
If the value is larger than LogFileIndexT 'Last , then the function will return a wrong result .
" NextListIndex takes a LogFileIndexT as its argument and returns a LogFileIndexT .
LogFileIndexT is a constrained integer type .
You do n't need an explicit runtime check there , the language takes care of that .
Posted by : Ilmari on Sun Oct 19 14:43:39 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : Naming conventions and the other petty whinges you made about this code are not considered defects
As somebody pointed above , my concerns are orthogonal to those of the study .
Maintainability ( which includes appropriate naming and correct formatting ) , flexibility , and developer productivity are not optional attributes of software development .
In most environments they are as important as zero defects .
If a development method does n't address them ( and I think I 've shown that this study falls short in this respect ) , then people who can choose will use the more functional and up - to - date software , even if it is full of bugs and vulnerabilities .
The end result is the nightmare of millions of Windows zombie machines we 're currently facing .
In environments where people are n't allowed to choose they will actively try to circumvent dated and spartan zero - defect software , using their own laptops and iPhones to get their job done , again at the cost of their organization 's overall security and reliability .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Sun Oct 19 14:43:55 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : LogFileIndexT is a constrained integer type
Thanks for pointing this out .
My C background shows !
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Sun Oct 19 14:45:42 2008 UTC — permalink
I worked on a zero - defect project .
It underwent 2 years of statistical testing with a group of 3 people .
It was the kind of project where a screw up could kill someone .
The testing never uncovered a single defect , and the device is deployed in Iraq today in an automated " doc - in - a- box " .
Live testing involved shooting pigs and hooking them up and seeing if the device could extend their lives when shot and bleeding to death .
I came into the project half way through .
Various proofs were constructed about the code .
The code did none of the best practices you mention above .
It performed flawlessly -- it was zero defect and measurably 6 - sigma ( real statistical 6 - sigma , not that let 's make 4.5 and call it 6 that the b...s... 6 - sigma movement does ) .
I 've always wondered after that , just how good are the best practices when they do n't necessarily lead to less defect code .
Programmers have this great ability to argue what 's good and bad to the end of project billable time , but no evidence that it actually improves the code .
That being said , when it came time to make a change to the above code base ( change in requirements ) , it was god -awful difficult on top of redoing the zero - defect process .
A lot of the things you mention above , got changed .
Posted by : Shawn Garbett on Sun Oct 19 15:32:08 2008 UTC — permalink
Learn ada .
once you do that it will make a lot more sense .
Ease of writing does not equal quality .
Posted by : bd on Sun Oct 19 15:54:53 2008 UTC — permalink
There are also many interesting comments on a related thread at reddit .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Sun Oct 19 17:16:00 2008 UTC — permalink
The code is intentionally written in a strict subset of Ada called Spark , that is amenable to verification .
The code probably does n't use the call to ' format ' because it cannot be readily verified , and if the number of log files change , I the verification process will probably detect that .
I doubt the logical problem you found is a real error , given the simplicity of detecting simple logical errors like that with a verification framework and given Praxis ' famously low error rate generally .
Posted by : Greg on Sun Oct 19 18:39:50 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : I doubt the logical problem you found is a real error , given the simplicity of detecting simple logical errors like that with a verification framework
I would think the same , and this is why I went to the specifications , trying to find a statement saying that critical errors can be cleared when a log file is deleted .
I did n't find anything like that in the specification of the corresponding function .
Also , I would expect that such an error would be uncovered during testing , but testing the code 's error handling is a notoriously difficult task .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Sun Oct 19 18:47:36 2008 UTC — permalink
Comparing VHDL to Java is n't really fair .
Posted by : Sean on Sun Oct 19 21:44:44 2008 UTC — permalink
Really ... what 's with the 1..16 and 1..17 that Tommy Hallgren mentioned ?
Posted by : Doc on Mon Oct 20 10:39:05 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : First I see 1..16 , and then 1 to 17 log file names .
1..16 specifies the characters in the file name string , while 1..17 specifies the various log files .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Mon Oct 20 11:05:15 2008 UTC — permalink
Re : Comparing VHDL to Java is n't really fair .
I 'm not a Java funboy ( but some of my research students are ) .
I code more often in C / C++ , and when I thought about the problem of generating a log file name based on its ordinal number I realized that writing a demonstratably correct function in C / C++ was not trivial .
So , as an intentionally provocative ( partly to myself ) example I included the Java code .
I 'm quite familiar with the restrictions placed on dynamic memory by various standards .
I first heard about them as a student in the 1980's , and I also mention them in my book Code Quality ( p. 287 ) .
However , I think it 's time to think rationally about this issue and move forward .
Dynamic memory allocation can lead to non-determinism and errors , but is also a big help in creating systems that are flexible , robust , and efficient .
The concerns over dynamic memory allocation might have been valid in the 1980s when memory was scarce and experience , tools , libraries , and runtime environments to manage dynamic memory limited .
This picture however has now changed , and , I believe , the benefits of dynamic memory allocation outweigh its problems .
Besides , modern systems have many other sources of non-determinism , like I&D caching , branch prediction , and PCI enumeration .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Mon Oct 20 11:24:35 2008 UTC — permalink
I 'd like to address Diomidis ' points in order , but firstly I 'd like to address the use of the phrase " zero defects " in relation to the Tokeneer system .
This has caused lots of confusion in the past , and reading the posts here and over at reddit , it seems this still needs some clarification .
Let me be clear : we have never claimed that there actually are " zero defects " in the TIS Core software .
That would , rather obviously , be a ridiculous thing to do .
In contrast , we have reported the number of defects found by a ) SPRE Inc , during their initial independent testing of the system back in 2003 , and b ) the number of defects reported by the NSA between delivery of the system in 2003 and August 2008 .
Both of these numbers are " zero " .
( These data beg the question " Well ..how hard did they look ? " which is a good point , of course . )
One thing we 're hoping for from the public release of this material is a much larger body of people to look much harder than that ... it seems Diomidis has already made a good start .
While preparing the material for release in August 2008 , I found one defect - a potential for an overflow in an Integer multiplication .
This is documented in the Overview and Reader 's Guide that accompanies the release .
OK ... moving on to Diomidis ' specific points :
Difficult to Maintain and Error - Prone Code
In this section , Diomidis makes several fair points about the style of this code .
His solution in Java is undoubtedly the right way to do it in Java , but the crucial thing here is that this is n't Java - it 's SPARK - which is fundamentally different beast .
A quick intro to some of the design goals of SPARK - I do n't want to turn this into a tutorial on SPARK , but this might be necessary to explain what 's going on here .
SPARK is mostly used in embedded , hard real - time systems , which are either security - or safety - critical .
It also tends to be used in systems where the " Size " of the problem domain is known in advance and on target hardware with well - known and fixed limits on resources such as CPU time and physical RAM .
In this example , we 're exploiting the fact that the maximum number of log files is a well - defined constant to constrain the problem .
SPARK 's design goals include the provision of a sound verification framework based on Hoare - Logic , and allowing for a runtime model with basically zero overhead , " footprint " , COTS or libraries of any kind .
This might seen nuts if you 're used to Java with its myriad of libraries , but it makes sense for us folk writing stuff that has to get past certification with the FAA , evaluation by the NSA or any other stringent regulatory regime .
For these reasons , SPARK currently excludes Ada95's " & " ( concatenation ) operator for Strings , the ' Image attribute ( which turns a scalar value into a String equivalent ) , and all sorts of complexity to do with anonymous and dynamic subtypes .
It 's also worth noting that Ada's " & " and ' Image can drag in a _lot_ of run - time library code since they both involve returning an object whose size is n't known at compile - time .
The TIS Core software is written in SPARK as if it could be run on a bare - board machine with little or no operating system , runtime library or anything .
In particular , the software requires no dynamic memory allocation at all , and is also designed to be amenable to the static analysis of worst - case memory usage and execution time - so avoiding the use of " & " and ' Image makes sense in that context .
So ... with that in mind , I hope the oringinal SPARK version of the code makes more sense .
Here we see the development team favouring the simplicity of a repetitive - but - simple static lookup table over a more complex ( but shorter ) dynamic approach like you would write in Java .
Note also the use of static sub - types in this code to restrict the range of indexes and the length of strings to be wholly static - this is very common ( and vitally important ) programming style in SPARK , but often seems foreign to those coming from a background in C , C++ or Java .
I can't help noting that Domidis ' solution takes an " int " type parameter , for example .... what happens in his code if I pass a negative value for the argument ?
I 'm afraid my knowledge of Java 's formatter class is n't up to knowing what would happen in that case .
A Poor Name Choice
Diomidis points out this function could be implemented with a simple modulo operator .
It would come out in SPARK as :
return ( Value mod MaxNumberLogFile ) + 1 ;
turning something like 5 logical lines of code into 1 ( or 21 physical lines into 16 if you prefer to count that way . )
( Note that the range of LogFileIndexT starts at 1 , not zero , so some real care is needed here to make sure that the range of the result is in 1 .. 17 , not 0 .. 16 ) .
Is this easier to read ?
Is it more obviously correct ?
I guess that 's a matter for readers to decide for themselves .
I accept the point that the name could be better to reflect the modular / circular nature of this abstraction .
Inconsistent Code Formatting
Good point .
We normally used gcc's " - gnaty " switches to enforce this kind of basic style checking .
( See the gcc docs for what these switches actually do . )
I looked at this during while preparing the release , and had it on my " to do " list , but I basically ran out of time , since we had a deadline to release the material in time for the VSTTE conference in Toronto earlier this month .
Do n't know why the development team did n't use these checks during the original project - I will ask and see what they have to say .
A Logic Error ?
This one will take some more time to check .
I will ask Dr Janet Barnes - the Tokeneer project leader - for her view on this .
This might take a little while longer , though , since Janet is working on another project , and , besides , her work on Tokeneer was over 5 years ago , so her memory may not be perfect .
I hope to write more on this topic soon .
Thanks to you all for taking the patience to read this far ...
Yours , Rod Chapman , SPARK Team , Praxis
Posted by : Rod Chapman on Mon Oct 20 14:22:35 2008 UTC — permalink
Rod , many thanks for your response ; I think it clarifies matters and this blog 's readers will benefit from it .
I know you people have real work to do , and I hope you 've not regretted releasing the code .
At the very least it 's generating positive publicity .
There are over 100 comments on this subject at reddit.com , and the majority support your views .
More importantly , the release is also a valuable resource for educators and the software engineering community .
I 've already included a pointer in my lecture notes .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Mon Oct 20 14:58:22 2008 UTC — permalink
This seems like a classic " clash of cultures " situation .
The good news is that both communities have a lot to learn from each other .
The bad news is that there is a period of negotiation first , to establish common ground .
I 've been impressed with the SPARK programmers I 've talked with .
We had a lot of values and principles in common , including the importance of concrete feedback from frequent integrations .
One thing I notice in the programming style of the code is that many things are expressed imperatively that could be expressed declaratively .
The lesson I take from this is that languages like SPARK could be more powerful with more declarative features .
Simply relying on cut - paste - edit to declare the 17 log files is error prone .
A declarative expression of the same intention would be less susceptible to errors and easier to change .
My final observation is that languages like Java try to encourage change while languages like SPARK try to encourage reliability .
There is enough experience with both to design a language that loses none of the reliability of SPARK , but adds enough declarative features to make its programs amenable to change .
Posted by : Kent Beck on Mon Oct 20 18:33:26 2008 UTC — permalink
The interesting thing is that a declarative style of programming is typically associated with fewer errors and amenability to formal proofs .
So there 's definitely room for innovation .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Mon Oct 20 21:04:21 2008 UTC — permalink
A Logic Error ?
( Revisited ... )
OK ... having completed our analysis , let 's get straight to the point : it 's a bug .
Clearly a typing slip by the developer - substituting " and " when " or " was required .
I 've looked at the printed code review records for that unit ( yes ... we really do keep that stuff ) , and it was missed by the reviewer as well .
Could the proof system have helped ?
Well ... yes ... if we 'd gone as far as an attempt at more partial - correctness proof for that unit .
The original project only did " just enough " partial correctness work to verify security property 1 before we basically ran out of money .
The bug can be revealed by considering what a sensible invariant for AuditSystem Fault might be .
As Diomidis points out , this flag should basically have the property that once set True , it can never return to being False .
This can be expressed as a post- condition on any subprogram that modifies AuditSystemLog : --# post AuditSystemFault~ ->
AuditSystemFault ; where " ~ " means " the initial value of " , and " - > " is the Boolean implication operator .
You can find all such subprograms by simply scanning the global annotations for " in out AuditSystemFault " .
I added the above post - condition to all such subprograms .
The Theorem - Prover then reveals exactly ONE undischarged verification condition for our buggy procedure .
Moral : if you introduce state at implementation - time , then it 's worth also spending time to derive and verify an invariant to go with it .
Yours , Rod Chapman , SPARK Team
Posted by : Rod Chapman on Fri Oct 24 09:52:42 2008 UTC — permalink
I agree that the restrictions on dynamic memory allocation are overkill .
The B - 2 bomber had the entire flight control system restart _during_ takeoff in Palmdale .
Yet the crew noticed no change in flying qualities or loss of control , because the system restart was designed to cover this case .
So what would be the worst thing to happen if you allowed malloc ?
If your system is safety - critical , you 're going to be dealing with far more remote and worse sources of error .
So just deal with it and move on .
Diomidis is correct ; when used properly , dynamic memory management can produce a _more_ reliable and flexible system .
None of which , unfortunately , helps when your contract specifically requires conformance to a standard which bans malloc .
Posted by : Lurker on Sat Oct 25 17:03:59 2008 UTC — permalink
I think the major concern with dynamic memory allocation is not that it has nondeterministic execution time � that can be avoided with an object pool allocator � but that the use of dynamic allocation implies that you do n't know how much memory your code is going to need at run-time , and so you can't guarantee that it does n't crash .
That is , dynamic memory allocation has effectively nondeterministic behavior � it nondeterministically works correctly or crashes , depending on the amount of memory remaining .
With enough cleverness , of course , you can modify a program using dynamic allocation to have provable space bounds and construct a proof of those bounds , but it 's not necessarily trivial .
And once you do , you can transform it into a program that internally allocates entries out of arrays that are big enough to meet the program 's proven space requirements .
Maybe Rod can correct me about whether that 's the concern SPARK ( or TIS Core ? ) is addressing with its ban on dynamic allocation .
I think Diomidis 's statements about I/D caching and branch prediction are true in a restricted subset of " modern systems " .
8051s , PICs , 8 - bit AVRs , and a lot of ARM7TDMIs do n't have caches or branch prediction or do PCI enumeration , etc. , in part because they are marketed to folks who really care a lot about things like deterministic execution times .
And there are still a lot more of those processors being sold than there are PowerPCs and 386 clones .
Now , I 've never worked in this deeply - embedded space in any serious way .
But I suspect that the tradeoff between the costs and benefits of dynamic memory allocation is still situation - dependent .
Maybe there are some programs where an out - of - memory crash and restart will take long enough , or lose enough information , to wreck an expensive workpiece being machined , or a million - dollar CNC machine tool , or a jet engine propelling a passenger airplane , or lock up the wheels on a minivan and send it into a skid .
Maybe the benefits of dynamic allocation in those programs are n't great enough to justify those risks .
Maybe someone with experience in that area can comment ?
Posted by : Kragen Javier Sitaker on Sun Oct 26 09:03:49 2008 UTC — permalink
I have worked on C/C++ embedded systems where dynamic memory allocation was forbidden as part of company policy .
This rule may or may not have been inspired by the US Government requirement for embedded systems .
It ended up meaning that we knew that we would not fail on a memory error , but also meant that in a lot of situations , we were memory constrained in situations where we did not really need to be .
This rule also lead to a lot of reinventing of the wheel .
For instance I had to write my own LZ - 77 +
Adaptive Huffman Coding implementations that worked with pre-allocated memory segments .
We would have liked to have used zlib instead , but with no allocator implemented we had no other option .
The end result was that we had a slower implementation that we also had to maintain a version to run on desktop computers as well since the resulting format was not compatible with an existing standards .
One advantage was that we could look at a memory dump of the ELF file and see where all the memory was going and when memory was getting tight , figure out where we needed to optimize .
Blanket rules like " No dynamic memory allocation " are a double edge sword .
They can limit some kinds of errors , but they can also cause you to have to write extra code that is likely to contribute to the bug count , rather than use well tested existing code .
In our case , we were not using formal methods to prove the correctness of the system and my comments are directed specifically at using such rules in an attempt to provide reliability to software * not* using formal methods in situations that are not safety critical .
Posted by : Christopher Lambacher on Mon Oct 27 23:46:40 2008 UTC — permalink
aye , there 's the rub Kent Beck 's post hit the nail on the head - different engineering approaches for differing systems and requirements with lots that each camp can learn from each other .
You know , 25 years ago my University lecturer fell off his chair in laughter after he looked at my design implementation of a microwave oven controller .
My only " mistake " was to employ multi tasking processing in my design .
Not a good thing considering the size of the smallest multi-tasking system at the time was the size of a refrigerator .
I argued that I was just simply way ahead of my time .
Posted by : Thanasi on Wed Oct 29 07:53:44 2008 UTC — permalink
" The interesting thing is that a declarative style of programming is typically associated with fewer errors and amenability to formal proofs . "
Partly academic bullshit .
Declarative programming introduces its own set of bugs ( I 've programmed with Prolog ) .
And they are more difficult to track .
The " formal verification " ( disgusting ambiguous terminology ) is like yet another type checking system .
The assertions are incomplete , easiest to construct when you need them least , and local .
It is possible to create a declarative programming language based on ' assertions ' , but of course it does n't make the programs bugfree .
By the way , have you ever thought how bogus mathematical proofs must be , because they have not been formally verified ?
" Formal verification " is from 1980's and replaced with specification languages , which provided faster and easier ways to improve the quality of software .
The specification languages attack the local - deficit of assertions .
A bunch of assertions does n't guarantee that they make globally sense .
It does occur too , that specifications itself can have holes , mindlessness or be irrelevant to the problem at hand .
Linking " formal verification " to " zero defect code " is as dishonest as claiming that nobody foresaw about subprime bomb .
And I think that G�del had his objections too .
It seems that not much progress has occurred in the last 20 years .
The guys doing formal verification still do n't know how to program .
They should learn that first and start to develop formal verification , if they ever learn to program .
It takes just 10 years and few ever learn .
**************
What comes to removing ' malloc ' makes sense socially and in the average .
Most of the programmers are not very good at programming and ' malloc ' is dangerous in their incapable hands .
For social reasons some other explanation than " we do n't give this tool to idiots " had to be invented .
************************
The commercial programs nowadays do not even intend to be bug - free .
They look for statistically satisfactory purchaser experience .
When the payer and the user of the program are different persons , the user experience is certainly crappy .
Let 's send a beta to the users , let 's collect the most crash points of the code , let 's fix them and call it the final release .
Posted by : anonymous on Fri Oct 31 16:41:41 2008 UTC — permalink
paper presented at the 2010 Embedded Real Time Software and Systems conference details the results of a more extensive verification effort .
Posted by : Diomidis Spinellis on Mon Dec 13 17:21:17 2010 UTC — permalink
Further commenting disabled
Sadly , due to the huge amount of spam received , which a home - brew captcha and reCAPTCHA were unable to stop , commenting gets disabled 10 days after an entry 's posting .
Sorry .
In this section
If you would like expert advice on how to make your website or app accessible and usable for people with sight loss , then you ’ve come to the right place .
RNIB can help you understand the needs of people with disabilities and how to ensure that your technology is inclusive .
We will also help you find and resolve the barriers that prevent people with disabilities from using your website or app .
It is important to also carry out testing with end - users who are typical of the people who will use your service .
We can carry out this testing for you .
We have a usability lab and a panel of people with disabilities who act as our test participants , and the results will help ensure that your target audience can access and use your service .
We can also award your website or app with our “ Tried and Tested ” certification .
We work with you to build an on - going relationship to ensure that your website or apps continue to be accessible and usable as changes are made .
Websites : desktop and mobile accessibility
From wireframe to re-build , we can help you at every stage to ensure your website is accessible .
Our team of RNIB Accessibility consultants can : review your website designs or wireframes to highlight potential accessibility issues and advise how these might be avoided
audit your website for compliance against WCAG 2.0 standards and provide recommendations to resolve any accessibility - related issues
carry out assessments using access technology to unearth usability issues
carry out observed user testing to ensure your website works for people with disabilities ( testing can be on both desktop and mobile platforms ) .
View more on website accessibility
App accessibility
App assessments are carried out using RNIB ’s internal app accessibility guidelines and can be carried out on either Android or iOS or both .
We can also carry out observed user testing , during which blind and partially sighted people carry out typical tasks using your app and potential issues are identified .
View more on app accessibility
Comment Something very spooky happened in the United States last week .
The chances are you noticed it too , many days before it was reported .
Tuesday found me in New York , on my first stateside visit in a couple of years .
The details of the Bailout plan had just been revealed and the slow burn of outrage was apparent everywhere .
Admittedly , this was New York .
( Long - time readers will know I was the San Francisco correspondent for El Reg for six years and was frequently asked by Europeans : " What do Americans think of ... x ? "
To which the only honest answer is , " I can't tell you what Americans think , but here in San Francisco ... " )
The outrage is n't the spooky part .
The really odd thing is that if you had to rely on the mainstream US newspapers and TV channels - and nothing else - you 'd would n't know something remarkable was happening .
Which is that the Treasury Secretary 's Bailout Plan had united parts of America who spend most of their energy hitting each other over the head , in common opposition to the proposal .
It was the moment that politicians dread the most .
This was not merely an outbreak of popular discontent , but a phenomenon which breaks down those convenient labels the political marketing people like to use , to shield their masters from people 's true desires and intentions .
Not just coarse labels like " Left " and " Right " - but the really dumb , patronizing demographic ones like " Soccer Mom " and the nadir of modern politics , those found in Mark Penn 's " Microtrends . "
Niche marketers will have to start from scratch .
Conservatives , libertarians , and lefties all raised objections to the Bailout for very sound reasons of their own .
The idea that the state should bail out feckless private enterprises offended both conservatives and libertarians , who take moral responsibility seriously .
The left wanted their traditional adversaries put in jail , not given a gift of new lease of life with the public 's money .
People discovered that to " Change Congress , " you simply need a ballot box - or the threat of one .
All this was reflected on political sites , forums and blogs - but not a hint of this sentiment was expressed by the professional media .
So when Congress rejected the Bill on Monday , America 's punditocracy expressed its shock .
It also reported that the markets were " astonished " - the markets being presumed to have a better grasp of what American citizens want than American citizens themselves .
All week , the media had refrained from comment that might embarrass the political class .
In fact , the first professional column I read which was reflected the true feelings of many US citizens around me was written from 3,500 miles away and published in London 's Sunday Times .
I know you feel like this sometimes when trying to solve a problem .
I do .
Almost all the time .
Even when I 'm not angry ... but I digress .
Silverlight 2 RC0 was released this past Thursday , but anyone wanting to use the DLR in it was surprised ... no new binary release of the DLR bits for Silverlight 2 RC0 yet .
As I said on Twitter , it would be delayed until today , but that should n't stop anyone from taking the sources and compiling them against the new SIlverlight build , right ?
Of course !
Everything should just work , since there were no major breaking changes in Silverlight that affect the DLR between Beta2 and RC0 .
So , you hacked up the csproj files to point at mscorlib.dll , system.dll , etc in the new Silverlight install directory ( C: \Program Files \Microsoft Silverlight \2.0.30923.0 ) , compile , and it builds fine .
Then you try to run an app ...
" InitializeError - Failed to load the application .
It was built with an obsolete version of Silverlight "
Poof !
What the hell happened ?
That 's a really bad error message , but what it means to say is :
" The application 's AppManifest.xaml has a RuntimeVersion <= 2.0.30523.00 , which is Silverlight 2 Beta 2's version number , so Silverlight 2 RC0 wo n't load this application . "
So you see , the XAP file that was produced by Chiron is still for SL2 Beta2 .
But that 's an easy fix ;
Make sure Chiron .exe is n't running .
Go to your custom build , and edit Chiron.exe.config
Find the < AppManifest.xaml > section , and where it says " RuntimeVersion " make it 's value be " 2.0.30923.0 " ( anything with the first three version numbers being greater than the current will do , but be save and use the actual version . )
Re-run Chiron.exe , navigate to your Silverlight application , and .... it works !
Welcome to the wonderful world of versioning in Silverlight . :)
( CNN ) -- Former Secretary of State Colin Powell announced Sunday that he will be voting for Sen. Barack Obama , citing the Democrat 's " ability to inspire " and the " inclusive nature of his campaign . "
" I think he is a transformational figure , he is a new generation coming onto the world stage , onto the American stage , and for that reason I 'll be voting for Sen. Barack Obama , " Powell said on NBC's " Meet the Press . "
Powell said he was concerned about what he characterized as a recent negative turn of Republican candidate Sen .
John McCain 's campaign , such as the campaign 's attempts to tie Obama to former 1960s radical Bill Ayers .
" I think that 's inappropriate .
I understand what politics is about -- I know how you can go after one another , and that 's good .
But I think this goes too far , and I think it has made the McCain campaign look a little narrow .
It 's not what the American people are looking for , " he said .
Powell , a retired U.S. general and a Republican , was once seen as a possible presidential candidate himself .
Powell said he has some concerns about the direction of the Republican Party , adding that it has " moved more to the right than I would like to see it . "
Read a transcript of Powell 's remarks
In regard to the financial crisis , which Powell called the candidates ' " final exam , " Powell said McCain appeared unsteady in dealing with it , while Obama had excelled in handling the situation .
" Obama displayed a steadiness , an intellectual curiosity , a depth of knowledge , " Powell said .
Watch what Powell says about Obama »
" He has met the standard of being a successful president , being an exceptional president , " he said .
Obama praised Powell at a campaign event in Fayetteville , North Carolina , on Sunday , calling him " a great soldier , a great statesman , and a great American . "
" I have been honored to have the benefit of his wisdom and counsel from time to time over the last few years , but today , I am beyond honored and deeply humbled to have the support of General Colin Powell , " Obama said .
Obama called Powell earlier Sunday and thanked him for his endorsement , communications director Robert Gibbs said .
iReport.com : Obama supporters react to endorsement
In their 10 - minute conversation , Obama said he looked forward to taking advantage of Powell 's advice in the next two weeks and hopefully over the next four years , Gibbs said .
During the campaign , Powell has met with both candidates and said he has a lot of respect for McCain .
He said Sunday that he thinks both candidates are qualified to be president .
" It is n't easy for me to disappoint Sen .
McCain in the way that I have this morning , and I regret that , " Powell said .
Speaking on Fox News Sunday , McCain said he respects and admires Powell , and the announcement " does n't come as a surprise . "
" I'm also very pleased to have the endorsement of four former secretaries of state -- Secretaries [ Henry ] Kissinger , [ James ] Baker , [ Lawrence ] Eagleburger , and [ Alexander ]
Haig -- and I 'm proud to have the endorsement of well over 200 retired Army generals and admirals , " McCain said .
Powell served as Secretary of State under President Bush from 2001 to 2005 .
The possibility of a Powell endorsement has been rumored for several months .
On August 13 , Powell 's office denied a report on Fox News by commentator Bill Kristol that Powell had decided to publicly back Obama at the Democratic National Convention .
Powell himself brushed off queries on any potential presidential nod but told ABC News in August that he would not be going to Denver , Colorado , for the convention .
Back in February , Powell told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that he was weighing an endorsement of a Democratic or independent candidate .
Powell has offered praise for Obama , calling him an " exciting person on the political stage . "
" He has energized a lot of people in America , " said Powell .
" He has energized a lot of people around the world .
And so I think he is worth listening to and seeing what he stands for . "
The former general , who has largely steered clear of politics since leaving the Bush administration , noted that the next president will need to work to restore America 's standing in the world .
Powell gave the keynote address at the Republican National Convention in support of George W. Bush in 2000 .
Powell said Sunday that he has no plans to campaign for Obama .
All About Colin Powell • Barack Obama • John McCain • Democratic National Committee
Long the darling of the credit - card industry , American Express Co. is looking awfully beaten - up lately .
The New York company 's stock price is down 55 % so far this year , including a 34 % slide in October .
The percentage of loans deemed uncollectible in a pool on which American Express reports monthly performance data reached 6.7 % in September , up from 3.6 % a year earlier .
Earnings due after the closing bell Monday are expected to show a decline of more than 30 % from last year 's third quarter , according to Thomson Reuters .
...
Node
Testing the rendering poses some more problems than our little tag function .
Rendering is going to do a bit more , including loading the templates , resolving any variables in question , doing any processing on those results ( like looking up a record from the database based on the variable value ) , and finally populating a new context to render the tag 's template with .
How do we test all of that , without actually doing any of that ?
This is the goal we 're reaching here , for unittests .
We want each test to be so specific that we test what something will do , without actually relying on those things it does .
We are n't testing any of those things , just that our render ( ) method does them .
What can we mock easily ?
get_template( ) is an easy call , so we can patch that to return a mock inside of our test .
Our render ( ) needs to load the template , do its processing , and then render the template .
We can assert the rendering was done properly afterwards , thanks to the mock template .
So far ...
@patch ( 'django.template.loader.get_template ')
def test_link_to_email_render(self , get_template ) :
node = LinkToEmail ( obfuscate=False , email=Mock ( ) )
node.email.resolve.return_value = 'bob@company.com '
...
But now we get to our problem .
We have to call our render method to test it , and its expecting a Context to be passed .
Normally , we want to mock things we are n't directly testing , but it does n't always present itself as easy .
As of mock 0.4.0 the Mock class does not support subscripting , and contexts are dict - like objects .
My first inclination ?
Just pass a dictionary .
Unfortunately , the context also has an important attribute , autoescape , which needs to be inherited by the context we use inside the render ( ) method , and dictionaries do n't have this .
class ContextMock ( dict ) : autoescape = object ( )
@patch ( 'django.template.loader.get_template ' ) def test_link_to_email_render(self , get_template ) : node = LinkToEmail ( obfuscate=False , email=Mock ( ) ) node.email.resolve.return_value = 'bob@company.com '
context = ContextMock ( {} )
We 're making progress and we 're at the point where we need to actually call the render ( ) method .
Now , after its basic processing its going to create the Context in which to render the template .
For the sake of limiting what " real things " we invoke during our test , this might be something we watch to mock .
class ContextMock ( dict ) : autoescape = object ( )
@patch ( 'django.template.loader.get_template ' ) @patch ( 'django.template.Context ') def test_link_to_email_render(self , get_template , Context ) : template = get_template.return_value node = LinkToEmail ( obfuscate=False , email=Mock ( ) ) node.email.resolve.return_value = 'bob@company.com '
context = ContextMock ( { ' email ' : Mock ( ) , ' obfuscate ' : Mock ( ) , } )
node.render(context ) template.render.assert_called_with(Context.return_value )
args , kwargs = Context.call_args assert kwargs [' autoescape ' ] is context.autoescape assert args [ 0 ] [ ' email ' ] is context [ ' email ' ] assert args [ 0 ] [ ' obfuscate ' ] is context [ ' obfuscate ' ]
The testing itself is pretty basic .
We want to make sure the mocked context is given go the template to use in rendering and that the context properly inherits the autoescape property .
We also test that the context matches the data we 're giving .
In the end , this was pretty easy .
I actually cleaned up the code I based this on in response to writing the article and discovering cleaner ways to do it .
We need to put some thought into our tests .
Often we are tempted to take shortcuts .
We might write a unittest which simply calls the function , maybe checks the result , and we call it a day .
We need to test different conditions under which a function is called .
We need to ensure we are testing reliably , and using things like mocks help us ensure that when our test calls the function , we know what the world looks like to that function .
Mocks are our rose colored glasses .
This two parter on testing Django template tags is hopefully the start of more similar writings on specific testing targets .
Many of them will likely focus on Django , for two reasons .
Firstly , I think there is a lack of good testing practices in the Django world , where I see .
Secondly , I 'm in the process of adding tests to a not - small codebase and these posts both document my journey and guide me .
In Part 1 I wrote about my method of testing the actual tag function for a custom Django template tag .
I said I would follow it with a Part 2 on testing the rendering of the resulting .
This is that follow up post for any of you who were waiting for it .
Classist Comments
What 's the most classist thing you ever heard someone say ?
( I 'm not talking about someone like Bill O'Reilly or your right - wing uncle .
More specifically , what 's the most classist thing you ever heard a liberal or progressive person say ? )
Read five interviewees ' answers — and my own .
Here 's what a few ClassMatters.org visitors have heard
New !
More classist comments sent by viewers
Well , did he specify that he had to break them ?
Because he definitely karate chopped most of the ones he attempted to karate chop .
Quick , pretend those coconuts are the Nazis !
No wait your ridiculous country would just surrender to them .
Okay , pretend they 're the jews !
No wait you 'd just report them to the Nazis .
Well I do n't know what to tell you .
I think this man must have gotten really drunk and made a boast to friends , then promptly forgot about it until they woke him up one morning and drove him to the event .
Maybe his friends all played a little joke on him and gave him fake easily - broken coconuts to practice with .
All that time , he 's thinking " Wow !
This is easy !
I 'll bet I could break the world 's record for karate - chopping these things ! "
Race Summary
Cincinnati Rep. Steve Chabot has faced some tight races since his election in 1994 , and this year will be no different .
Democrats say state House Minority Whip Steve Driehaus ( D ) is a much better candidate than 2006 challenger John Cranley , who lost by a 52 % - 48 % margin .
Chabot has a maverick reputation , and Driehaus and Democrats ' chances at victory might hinge on their ability to tie Chabot to Washington Republicans .
The DCCC has yet to invest significant resources in the race .
This really is pathetic .
Families are having to postpone or delay health care or medicine because the SOBs on Wall Street and their Republican friends like McCain and Phil Gramm had to ditch regulation and oversight .
Wall Street continues to have plenty of bonus money as we can see from the $ 2.5 BILLION sum for Lehman .
How bad off are they if they can fail and still have $ 2.5 billion to hand out ?
The number of prescriptions filled in the U.S. fell 0.5 % in the first quarter and a steeper 1.97 % in the second , compared with the same periods in 2007 — the first negative quarters in at least a decade , according to data from market researcher IMS Health .
Despite an aging and growing U.S. population , the number of physician office visits also has been declining since the end of 2006 .
Between July 2007 and 2008 , the most recent month for which data are available , visits fell 1.2 % , according to IMS .
In a survey by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners last month , 22 % of 686 consumers said that economy - related woes were causing them to go to the doctor less often .
About 11 % said they ’ve scaled back on prescription drugs to save money .
Some of the areas being hit include hip and knee replacements , mammograms , and visits to the emergency room , according to a survey conducted by D2 Hawkeye Inc. , a Waltham , Mass. , medical data analytics firm , on behalf of The Wall Street Journal .
Vintage computers quiz Fans of computers past were delighted when Jeremy Paxman asked contestants on the BBC's University Challenge to identify some from their pictures .
So with a respectful nod to that quiz institution , we 've dug out some archive pictures of iconic models , to test your knowledge .
1 . ) Multiple Choice Question
It came out in 1960 and one of the first computer games , Spacewar ! , was developed for it .
Enough clues .
What is it ?
VAX
IBM System / 360
PDP -1
2. ) Multiple Choice Question
In the late 70s there was a boom in home computers .
While this one never gripped the imagination of the public , it was influential in what was to follow .
What is it ?
DEC Rainbow 100
Commodore PET
Atari 400
3. ) Multiple Choice Question
Here is a landmark model for the Apple corporation , one which helped the computer start its entry into the homes of ordinary people .
But which is it ?
Apple I
Apple II
Lisa
Macintosh 128k
4. ) Multiple Choice Question
You may recognise the style of this keyboard .
It 's very Sinclair .
But which model ?
ZX80
ZX81
ZX Spectrum
Info The original Spectrum ( bottom ) is fondly remembered for its rubber keyboard and its rainbow logo .
It battled with the Commodore 64 for supremacy in the British market in the early 1980s .
5 . ) Multiple Choice Question
The early 80s will inspire in many adults some happy memories of loading computer games by cassette tape .
Which of these two was made by Acorn for the BBC ?
A
B
6. ) Multiple Choice Question
This was a precursor to the laptop , marketed as a portable PC with built - in monitor and drives .
It had a handle to carry it but there were no batteries and it still required plugging in .
Its name ?
IBM Portable
Compaq Portable
7. ) Multiple Choice Question
The home computing market in the 1980s was very competitive and this was a major player by Amstrad .
Which model ?
PC - 1512
CPC 464
PCW8256
Info
This is the Acorn Archimedes A310 which was released in 1987 and was hugely successful in schools .
The red function keys were a nod to its predecessor , the BBC Micro .
8 . ) Multiple Choice Question
This console , released in 1990 , was never a monster seller but quickly became a cult classic with its distinctive arcade - style games .
Can you identify it , with its logo removed ?
NEC PC Engine
Atari Jaguar
SNK Neo Geo
9. ) Multiple Choice Question
Here , with its logos blurred , is a console that promised much , including a 32 - bit processor , but failed to conquer its competitors in the market .
Which is it ?
Sega Saturn
Atari Jaguar
Panasonic 3DO
10 . ) Multiple Choice Question Obviously it's an Apple , but name the exact model .
iMac G3
iMac G4
eMac
Answers
It 's the PDP - 1 ( Programmed Data Processor - 1 ) , made by Digital Equipment Corporation .
Its standard memory was the equivalent of 9Kb .
There are only three still in existence , all in the Computer History Museum in California .
It 's the PET ( Personal Electronic Transactor ) , introduced by Commodore in 1977 and regarded as the first all - in - one home computer .
Very successful in the schools market .
It 's the Apple II , released in 1977 .
The model was totally revamped several times and sales only ceased in 1993 .
It 's the ZX80 , which entered the market in 1980 and was the first computer in the UK available for less than Â£ 100 .
Click NEXT to compare it to the iconic ZX Spectrum , which came out two years later .
It 's the original BBC Micro by Acorn , which was commonly used as a learning aid in schools and as a home computer .
It later earned cult status , partly helped by its use in the production of Dr Who and by synth bands like Yazoo .
The other picture is the Atari ST .
It 's the IBM Portable PC 5155 , which came out in 1984 .
It 's the Amstrad CPC 464 .
The CPC series was first introduced by Amstrad in 1984 and lasted into the the early 90s .
The 464 was the first , brought in as a direct challenge to the Commodore 64 and the ZX Spectrum .
Click NEXT to see another 80s icon .
It 's the Neo Geo .
Its last official cartridge was released in 2004 , making it one of history 's longest serving consoles .
It was the Sega Saturn , released in 1994 .
The machine is reputed to have suffered from the Osborne effect , where sales were destroyed by the early announcement of its replacement , the Dreamcast .
It 's an eMac - short for education Mac .
The computer , unveiled in 2002 and sold until 2006 , was aimed primarily at schools and educational institutions .
Some of the pictures in this quiz were courtesy of The Ilex Press .
Your Score 0 - 3 : Pong 4 - 7 : Outrun 8 - 10 : Super Mario
For a complete archive of past quizzes and our weekly news quiz , 7 days 7 questions , visit the Magazine page and scroll down .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There was a moment in the first episode of the new Jamie Oliver TV series last night when the Essex - lad - made - millionaire had an outburst worthy of a revolutionary .
Emerging from a mealtime visit to Natasha , a single mother on benefits in Rotherham , he raged in his own inimitable language of protest : " Fucking hell ... it 's fucking Great Britain .
It 's 2008 .
I 've been to Soweto and I 've seen Aids orphans eating better than that . "
Natasha feeds her two children takeaways most nights .
Aged five and two , they have never eaten a meal that has been properly cooked at home .
Instead , they sit on the floor - no table , no cutlery - and eat shavings of doner kebabs or chips with processed cheese from polystyrene boxes with their fingers .
Even instant noodles have to be negotiated without forks .
The bottom drawers of Natasha 's fridge are stuffed full of sweets and chocolate bars .
" This is where all my money goes , " she admitted .
About £ 70 out of a weekly benefits cheque of just £ 80 on fast food and junk .
Five - year - old Kiya has already had to go to the dentist twice to have rotten teeth removed .
Natasha can see the life of obesity and illness ahead of them ; it 's not that she does n't share the middle - class fantasy of sitting down to a cosy communal table each night , but despite her eight - hob gas cooker and the countless cookery shows on her flatscreen TV , she does n't seem to know what to do .
Whenever Oliver leaves her , in this and subsequent episodes of his TV mission to teach the nation to cook , he is stirred to the same outrage , shouted from the barricade of his celebrity jeep .
Natasha turns out not only to have a big cooker and TV but debts large enough to make her a pawn - shop regular , and depression deep enough to make her give up trying .
When Oliver finds this out he confides to the camera in his car , " I do n't blame her ... but I 'm fucking angry .
I 'm fucking angry and I do n't know who with or what with . "
He has just met poverty in all its 21st - century complexity - and it has a profound effect .
Miss this Ministry of Food series and you 'll be missing some of the most powerful political documentary in years .
In it , whether by intention or accident , the naked chef has entered the domestic life of a British town and captured a snapshot of the country 's social health .
The result is an indictment of the current political system as disturbing as any ideological tract .
Food , and real people 's experience of it , is still all about class .
The subtext is everything .
Geoff , the 84 - year - old Rotherham man who has never cooked in his life , seems keen and quick enough .
Why he should suddenly be facing a crisis is never fully explained .
But it turns out that his wife and lifelong helpmeet now has Alzheimer 's disease and so everything is falling to him .
He asked Citizens Advice where he could learn to cook .
They had no answer .
Does he have children to help ?
Yes , several , it turns out , but presumably distance and some of the longest working hours in Europe make it hard for them to give the support he needs .
Clare , who is overweight and lives on 10 packs of crisps and a large bar of Galaxy chocolate a day , seems to struggle to read when given a recipe by Oliver .
Is she one of those who fell through the net at school so that not only does she not know that liquids bubble when they boil but she stumbles when literacy and numeracy are required ?
This is a delicate but painful portrait of the socially excluded .
Middle - class people in the series eat junk , too .
Time , or lack of it , is their problem .
Women getting home from work can't find even half an hour to cook from scratch for the family , which Oliver can't understand .
There are cultural barriers to eating well too .
But what makes
Oliver and the viewer angry , what shocks , is the deprivation .
Food has always been about class in Britain .
" The nature of our diets has been entirely shaped by the class system of the 19th century and the white working - class experience of industrialisation , " says Tim Lang , professor of food policy at City University in London .
" From the first - when cheap white bread was sold to the poor as progress , because previously only the rich could afford it - what class you are from , and how much you have to spend has made a dramatic difference to what you eat , how you eat it and what you aspire to eat .
Class imbues everything in food . "
Which socio-economic class you are born into is still one of the most significant determinants of how healthy you will be .
Natasha is simply conforming to the pattern .
Her mother was a single parent on benefits too - she did n't pass on cooking skills to Natasha , and Natasha has none to give to her own children .
The cycle of deprivation looks set to continue .
Sharp inequalities can be clearly mapped , even short distances apart , according to Dr Tim Lobstein , director of the childhood research programme at the International Association for the Study of Obesity .
Travel the eight stops on the Jubilee line tube from Central London 's Westminster to Canning Town and you find a decrease in life expectancy of nearly one year for each station going east .
A child born in one deprived Glasgow suburb can expect a life 28 years shorter than another living only 13 km away in a more affluent area , a three - year investigation for the World Health Organisation found in August .
Commenting on one of the key factors , the report concluded : " Obesity is caused not by moral failure of individuals but by the excess availability of high - fat , high - sugar foods . "
The marketplace can generate wealth but it can " also generate negative conditions for health " , which will only be resolved by tackling " the inequitable distribution of power , money and resources " , it went on .
In Rotherham , where areas around the town centre have deprivation levels that put them in the worst 6 % of the country , one in 10 reception - age schoolchildren are obese .
By year 6 , 18 % of them are obese , while 60 % of adults are either overweight or obese .
Right across the country , those on low - incomes suffer higher incidence of a whole range of illnesses relating to poor diet .
Lobstein catalogues them : higher rates of anaemia caused by lack of iron , especially in pregnancy .
Mothers from low - income groups are also more likely to have children of low birthweight , who , in turn , are likely to suffer poor health and educational prospects as a result .
Working - class families have more dental disease and more childhood eczema and asthma .
They are more likely to suffer from obesity , both as children and as adults .
They have higher rates of raised blood pressure , thanks to excess salt in their processed diets .
They are more likely to suffer diabetes , heart disease , vascular disease and strokes .
They suffer more cancers of the lung , stomach and oesophagus .
They have more cataracts caused by poor nutrition than those in other classes .
And the protective role of good diet is missing .
A survey of men and women living on benefits found that a third ate no fruit at all during the week their diets were recorded .
It 's not just diet , of course - alcohol and tobacco consumption are implicated , too , as poverty ties a Gordian knot of health problems .
Over half of younger children in low - income groups are inactive almost all day as well , with two - to 10 - year - olds getting less than 30 minutes of physical activity daily .
Elizabeth Dowler , professor of food and social policy at Warwick University who was recently involved in the government 's Low Income Diet and Nutrition survey , says the class differences are stark but complicated .
" If you live for more than six months on the minimum wage or on benefits there is growing evidence you cannot afford to buy the food you need for health .
It is still to do with class but it 's complex to unpick .
Food is the flexible area that you cut back on when you are on a low income .
Unlike council tax or utility bills , no one fines you if you do n't spend on food and no one takes your children away , so that 's what you cut , and you have a fag because that takes the hunger away . "
When you are on a low income you buy the kind of food that fills you up most cheaply .
What may seem ignorant choices to others are in fact quite rational .
Lobstein has calculated the cost of 100 calories of food energy from different types of food .
The cheapest way to get your 100 calories is to buy fats , processed starches and sugars .
A hundred calories of broccoli costs 51 p , but 100 calories of frozen chips only cost 2 p .
Good - quality sausages that are high in meat but low in fat cost 22 p per 100 calories , but " value " fatty ones are only 4 p per 100 calories .
Poor quality - fish fingers are 12 p per 100 calories compared with 29 p for ones made with fish fillet that are higher in nutrients .
Fresh orange juice costs 38 p per 100 calories , while the same dose of energy from sugary orange squash costs 5 p .
The FSA pointed out when it published its survey on the effect of low income on diet that middle - class people were eating increasingly high levels of junk , too .
However , the same survey found that nearly a quarter of poor households skipped meals because they did n't have enough money .
Nearly 40 % worried that they would run out of food before more money came in .
And yes , the working class smoke more and drink , as Oliver , falling over beer cans and fag ends outside a Rotherham house , notes .
It has been unfashionable recently to talk in class terms , but there 's nothing here that has n't been raised for decades , centuries even , as both Lang and Lobstein point out .
When George Orwell wrote
The Road to Wigan Pier in the middle of the 1930s depression , he set out to record the lives of the English working class in the industrial north .
He was appalled by the quality of their diets .
" A man dies and is buried and all his actions forgotten but the food he has eaten lives after him in the sound or rotten bones of his children . "
Orwell wrote down detailed accounts of how unemployed working - class people on welfare spent their money .
He doubted it was even theoretically possible to live on their allowance .
" The basis of their diet is white bread and margarine , corned beef , sugared tea and potatoes .
Would it not be better if they spent more money of wholesome things like oranges and wholemeal bread ? "
Yes it would he answered , but " no ordinary human being is ever going to do such a thing .
The ordinary human being would sooner starve than live on brown bread and raw carrots ...
A millionaire may enjoy breakfasting off orange juice and Ryvita , an unemployed man does n't ...
When you are underfed , harassed , bored and miserable , you do n't want to eat dull , wholesome food .
You want something a little bit tasty .
Let 's have three pennorth of chips !
Put the kettle on and we 'll all have a nice cup of tea ! "
To sit down to table to eat a family meal at leisure was always a luxury , according to food historian and consultant to the National Trust Sara Paston Williams .
" In the slums of industrial towns in the 19th century everyone including the children was out working , and if you were poor you did n't have an oven to cook , so you did n't get together for a family meal . "
The royal family were in part responsible for the creation of the myth of the ordinary family meal , with father Prince Albert , mother Queen Victoria and children sitting down together , although aristocratic children were , in fact , largely fed in the nursery .
Mrs Beeton spread the idealised habit to the burgeoning middle classes , who were keen to copy the rich and differentiate themselves in their new wealth from the poor .
The pre-industrial and rural experience of food was different .
Food might be short in bad years but generally you had better access to a wider variety of foods , including some milk and vegetables in the country .
Families working on the land broke off together to eat in the fields .
But the Victorian urban poor lived on takeaways , hot pies from the pie man often full of horrible stuff , and adulterated white bread and adulterated marrow jam .
To be hungry was deemed a natural state , and a necessary one since it goaded people who might otherwise be idle into working .
James Vernon has traced changing attitudes to food and lack of it in Hunger : A Modern History .
" Two hundred years ago hunger was considered a spur to effort .
Adam Smith and Thomas Malthus debated whether the emerging market economy would eradicate hunger or depended on it , but both agreed that the market should be left to produce plenty or want without intervention from the state .
" It was only in the second half of the 19th century that this view was first challenged , when hunger was discovered as a humanitarian issue , that reflected the failure of the state to protect its citizens from economic downtowns over which they had no control . "
The seminal work that changed attitudes was Friedrich Engels ' The Condition of the Working Class in England in 1845 .
Drawing frequently on contemporary reports he read in the Manchester Guardian , he catalogued the misery of the poor quality , adulterated and inadequate diets of the poor .
" The habitual food of the individual working man varies according to his wages ... descending gradually ... until on the lowest round of the ladder potatoes form the sole food .
As an accompaniment weak tea with perhaps a little sugar , milk or spirits is universally drunk ... such a way of living unavoidably engenders a multitude of diseases . "
Yet today the language of class has been almost removed from the political discourse .
In Thatcherite and Blairite Britain , it has been framed instead in terms of " choice " .
There is talk of the need to give people opportunities , but after that , it 's down to individual responsibility .
It is no accident that the government 's white paper on health and obesity was called " Choosing health " rather than the " social determinants of health " .
Roger Stone , Labour leader of Rotherham metropolitan borough council , is reluctant to put food and poverty in its class context , too .
" Jamie 's programmes are not about us , it 's not about the middle class , he 's targeting people who are struggling , " he told me .
You mean the working class then ?
" No , goodness , in this day and age , it 's not class . "
You sense that Oliver used to think the same .
Give people a chance , then it's up to them , and if , like some of the catering students in his previous programmes , they do n't choose to take it , he 's got no time for them .
But here he's on a journey .
The series is set in Rotherham because it was there that a group of mothers helped their children rebel against the new school menus imposed during Oliver 's last series .
Julie Critchlow took orders for chips and crisps and shoved them through the school railings at lunchtime , earning herself a place in tabloid mythology .
" Fat old scrubber " was what Oliver called Critchlow back then .
He may speak estuary but he is firmly positioned with the middle classes who almost exclusively buy his books and watch his cooking shows .
But Critchlow has her revenge .
As phlegmatic as a tricoteuse at the guillotine , she tells him firmly in this series that he " lives in a bubble " , he has no idea what it 's like for ordinary people on benefits .
And she and her elderly mother , who did teach her to cook , want to get a pair of choppers on his head .
Oliver symbolically submits : he puts his designer hair mess into the hands of Critchlow 's hairdresser daughter .
A little while later he is found complaining to his producer : " Fuck .
What 's happened to my barnet ? "
But it has done the trick , because now he talks differently .
He 's learned that you can't parachute in with change and waltz out again ; tackling class inequality is a long , hard slog .
This time he wants to get the whole town on board , to shift the tribe .
He 's not interested in training those who wo n't pass it on , who only want to cook for themselves as individuals .
" This is about the home , it 's about family , it 's about neighbours . "
With impeccable timing , as the global markets go into meltdown , Oliver discovers social capital and declares : " They 've got to own it .
It 's about ownership " .
• Join the debate on food and class theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth
Following on from my last post on the attitudes of pro-longevity bioethicists , here 's an open - access piece by Tom Koch .
It opens with these questions :
Why has longevity become a source of dismay rather than a cause for celebration ?
How did we turn the greatest triumph of 20th century public health and medicine into a problem for the 21st century ?
This is the view from inside the paradigm of state - regulated , state - controlled medicine .
Centralized systems of privilege , cut loose from price signals , inevitably devolve to rationing and crumble beneath increased demand .
That increased demand is feared even when it is a great good , such as medical technology .
This state of affairs stands in stark opposition to the free market , in which increased demand is a sign of great success - it is the opportunity to create progress through trade , research , and competition .
A monolithic system crumbles under growth , while the competitive market thrives .
Looking back at the SAGE Crossroads podcasts on ( political ) economics and engineered longevity , we have this :
Again I say if this were a privatized system , we would all say " gee it ’s wonderful .
All these people want more health care , this industry is thriving " .
Let me put one other analogy .
Suppose we made cars a government entitlement .
Instead of cheering when auto production went up , we ’d say , " Oh my God , we ca n’t afford this ! " .
How you finance it may greatly affect the psychology and actually the freedom of the economy to take advantage of these new opportunities .
Koch concludes in his article :
much of what we think of as geriatric [ medicine ] is in fact medicine for fragile persons .
Geriatric expertise in the maintenance of people with multiple conditions can serve the critically ill of every age .
Blaming people who are over the age of 65 for the rising costs of our publicly funded health care systems permits us to focus on one class of patients .
In truth , health care is expensive at every age and not something to be begrudged anyone because of age .
The alternative is that we should all die young , at the first hint of illness , or figure out how to live healthily and forever .
If we lived in a world in which government had nothing to do with the provision of medicine , there would be no begrudging , no need for battles over centrally planned resource assignment , no rationing by fiat of the uncaring and distant .
There would instead be a ferociously competitive marketplace , responsive to needs , and there would be generous medical charity for the unfortunate ; we would do very well by that .
It is a great pity that we stand very far indeed from such an ideal .
GOP
Web site post harsh images of Obama Sacramento party links him to bin Laden ; women 's organization uses racial stereotypes
Violent anti-Barack Obama rhetoric - such as " Waterboard Barack Obama " - and images linking the Democratic presidential candidate to terrorist leader Osama bin Laden appeared this week on the official Web site of the Sacramento County Republican Party , the latest in a series of increasingly graphic attacks nationwide on the Illinois senator that seek to cast him as a terrorist sympathizer .
California Republican Party officials asked Sacramento party leaders to remove the offensive material , including an image of Obama in a turban next to bin Laden near the caption : " The difference between Osama and Obama is just a little B.S. "
By Wednesday , the offensive material had been removed from the site .
Now the lead story on the site is headlined : " This Election is Really a Referendum on the Stupidity of the American Voters . "
The accompanying essay , largely an anti-mainstream - media invective , wonders : " Imagine how much garbage there must be on the Marxist messiah , Barack Obama , that even his lovers , the mainstream press , cannot hide it all . "
While that was going on , a 50 - year - old , independent San Bernardino County Republican women 's group , unaffiliated with the state party , published a racially insensitive image of Obama in its newsletter .
California Republican Party spokesman Hector Barajas , who asked the Sacramento County GOP chairman to remove the offensive material , said " We disavow these types of things .
They have no place in a presidential campaign .
" I also noted to them that this is a complete distraction from what we 're trying to do , and that 's elect John McCain and Sarah Palin as the next president and vice president of the United States , " Barajas said .
" As a person of color , I do n't see how this furthers the dialogue on how to get the nation out of the economic problems we 're in .
This is not what the Republican Party in California is about . "
" What it tells me is that the Republicans are struggling , " said California Democratic Party spokesman Roger Salazar .
" They have n't been able to connect with voters on the economy or other issues that matter , so they do stuff like this .
It 's desperation . "
A spokesperson for Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the governor thinks the material is " totally inappropriate .
It is something that the governor does not condone , " said his spokeswoman , Julie Soderlund .
In a statement Wednesday , Sacramento County GOP Chairman Craig MacGlashan , an attorney , said , " Let 's face it , I screwed up .
" When asked about the site by a reporter , my first thought was not to beat up on this volunteer , when I should have thought first about doing the right thing - taking it down and condemning the material , " said MacGlashan .
" At first , I did not realize how offensive the material was , and in the rush to move past it , I did n't take it seriously enough . "
The controversy comes after several incidents involving anti-Obama rhetoric at GOP rallies held by Republican presidential nominee Sen.
John McCain or his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
Many of the comments began after Palin said earlier this month that Obama was " palling around " with Bill Ayers , a 1960s radical who is now a professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Independent fact - checking organizations have found the connection between Obama and Ayers to be minimal .
There also have been allegations that people at GOP rallies have yelled " terrorist " or " kill him " in response to comments about Obama .
In San Bernardino County , a Republican women 's organization sent a monthly newsletter to its members that carried a racially insensitive depiction of Obama .
" Obama talks about all those presidents that got their names on bills .
If elected , what bill would he be on ?
Food Stamps , what else ! " read the caption above an " Obama Bucks " bill cartoon image in the latest edition of the Chaffey Community Republican Women Federated newsletter .
The independent community organization is not a part of the state Republican Party , and its newsletter is distributed to a few thousand members in the county .
Next to the senator 's image was a bucket of fried chicken , a slab of ribs , a slice of watermelon and a pitcher of Kool - Aid .
Diane Fedele , the organization 's president , took responsibility for the image and apologized " if it offended anyone . "
She meant it " to represent food , nothing else .
I 'm not a racist .
I 'm a German Jew whose ( grandparents ) had to leave Germany .
Why would I be racist ?
But I was angry and upset about what ( Obama ) is going to do to this country , " Fedele said .
" He 's going to return it to the welfare state .
" And why are n't you asking me about the porno movie some people are making about Sarah Palin , " Fedele said , referring to a pornographic film in production that allegedly includes doppelgangers for Palin .
" That 's offensive , too , just in a different light . "
# 831195 +( 3639 ) - [ X ] ( @Dreki ) I just realized something .
( @Dreki )
A is the 1st letter of the alphabet and H is the 8th letter , right ?
( @Dreki ) 9/11=0.8181818181=HAHAHAHA .
Wish you could relive your favorite memories from your travels ?
Download our free , easy - to - use software and in as few as three steps you can transform your digital photos into a professional - quality travel photo album you 'll treasure forever .
We promise to deliver your completed photo book in as few as ten days at a price you never dreamed possible .
And do n't forget to explore our additional photo products and gifts .
From professional quality greeting cards , to digital photo printing wall art and more , SmileBooks is the picture perfect way to capture and share the most special moments from your incredible adventure .
Claudia Solis and Manuel Uribe arrive for their wedding in Monterrey , Mexico .
Uribe , who tipped the scales in 2006 at 1,230 pounds , earning him the Guinness Book of World Records ' title for the world 's heaviest man , lost 550 pounds with the help of Solis
Credit : AP
First , let me remind you that in my new ongoing quest to read source code to be a better developer , Dear Reader , I present to you thirty - fourth in a infinite number of posts of " The Weekly Source Code . "
F# , everyone is agog over F# and getting all functional .
Again . ;)
The F# September 2008 CTP came out a few weeks back and folks I 'm talking to are digging it .
Here 's the goal :
" F# developed as a research programming language to provide the much sought - after combination of type safety , succinctness , performance , expressivity and scripting , with all the advantages of running on a high - quality , well - supported modern runtime system . "
Looks like it's more than a research language as it's inside Visual Studio and looking pretty with syntax highlighting and intellisense and everything .
This might be old news to you , Dear Reader , but F# is reaching a very significant level of polish .
This release is moving F# to the level of being a peer of C# and VB .
It 's got its own F# DevCenter at MSDN .
How 's that for legit ?
Here 's a great one paragraph explanation from Vertigo 's Rick Taylor about what / why / how F# :
" Unless you specify otherwise , everything in F# is immutable , much like the string construct in C# .
This extends to areas that you might not expect .
For instance , once you set an int to some specific value , that 's it – you can't change it , unless you have marked it as mutable .
The reason for this is because the language is primarily a functional one .
Programs in functional languages contain functions which return values , which are then further used , etc – but each value or set of values is its own entity , and to change it while within a function is to produce a side effect , something undesirable in a functional language .
In the strictest sense , functions return values but do not alter their parameters , or the outside world ( which , incidentally , gives rise to the monad pattern mentioned earlier ) .
F# follows these rules of functional programming , but also allows you to break those rules with the mutable keyword . "
What 's the best way to jump into F# ?
Well there 's a few great ways .
First , a little blatant self - promotion .
I 've done two F# podcasts with smart F# fanboys and there 's great .
NET Rocks and Herding Code episodes too .
Books
F# Blogs
Code
F# Eye for the C# Guy
However , as a F# newbie with a few years of Haskell in the back of my head , the presentation that has clicked with me the most was Leon 's F# eye for the C# guy PowerPoint .
Scandalous , I know , as you may know Leon as the cruel bully who called me Hanselgirl in public recently at TechEd Australia .
I promptly boxed his ears ( it was more of a slap - fight actually ) and there was also a public arm - wrestling .
Between the two of us I 'm sure there was the potential to splice together one normal - sized male arm , but I digress .
You can download his deck here , but I 've also taken the liberty to put it on SlideShare and embedded it here .
I had intellectualized slides 42 through 45 , but the way he described it clicked .
He did what I would do :
" I worked this out using Reflector .
I did not work this out from reading books or papers or listening to podcasts or quizzing intelligent people .
A simple let statement is a static function , under the hood .
When you see let , think function . "
Check out those few slides , .
It 's a great deck , and I 'm sure Leon would n't mind YOU , Dear Reader , showing his talk at your local User Group or having a Programmer 's Lunch at work and taking complete credit for it .
That 's what I fully plan on doing . ;)
Suck it Bambrick !*
Let 's see three bits of code .
First , something basic .
Remember there are no variables .
No side - effects .
# light
let sqr x = x * x
let multiply x y = x * y
print_int ( sqr 3 )
print_int ( multiply 3 4 )
// recursive function fibonacci series using pattern matching
let rec fib x =
match x with
| x when x <= 0 -> failwith
" An integer greater than 0 is required . "
| 1 -> 1
| 2 -> 1
| x -> fib ( x - 1 ) + fib ( x - 2 )
print_int ( fib 15 )
// functions as values
let add x y = x + y
let a1 = add 3
let a2 = a1 4
print_int a2
Second , something shiny .
Units of Measure in F#. What ?
Andrew Kennedy 's PhD thesis from 13 years ago just happens to be a feature in F# .
He 's done a three part series :
Basically they 've added static checking and inferences for units - of - measure .
Not any specific ones , but the concept itself .
" As far as F# is concerned , ft and m have nothing to do with each other .
It 's up to you , the programmer , to define appropriate conversion factors . "
Here 's a screenshot from his blog that says a thousand words and showcases the FSharp .
Math .
PhysicalConstants namespace , along with the International System of Units ( SI ) namespace .
Also from Andrew 's blog :
" You can define mutually recursive measures using " and " to connect them and placing the Measure attribute immediately before the name of the measure : "
type [ < Measure > ] km =
static member toM = 1.0/1000.0<m/km >
and [ < Measure > ] m =
static member toKm = 1000.0 < km /m >
Third , something silly .
A fun little 2D Tron-Clone game from last year , written in only 182 lines of F# by Phil Trelford .
You can download it from hubFS and read how he wrote it on the Applied Games Group Blog .
The game even supports Xbox 360 controllers !
Sweet .
Here 's all 182 lines , not counting the first 4 lines of comments .
//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
// LightCycles.fs
Mini game using windows forms
// 2007 written by Phillip Trelford
//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# light
#if DIRECTX
# R @"C: \WINDOWS\assembly \GAC_32\Microsoft.DirectX\2.0.0.0__31bf3856ad364e35\Microsoft.DirectX.dll " // Feb 206
open Microsoft.DirectX.XInput // Required to read XBox 360 controllers
#endif
open System
open System .
Drawing
open System .
Windows .
Forms
/// Game states
type GameState = | Start | Play | Over
/// Form key handler type
type KeyHandler ( form : Form ) =
do form .
KeyPreview <- true
let keys = Enum .
GetValues ( type Keys ) :?> ( Keys [ ] )
let keysDown = Array . create keys .
Length false
let FindKeyIndex code = keys |> Array.find_index ( fun x -> code = x )
do form .
KeyDown .
Add ( fun e -> keysDown.[FindKeyIndex e.KeyCode ] <- true )
do form .
KeyUp.Add ( fun e -> keysDown.[FindKeyIndex e.KeyCode ] <- false )
member this .
IsKeyDown ( keyCode : Keys ) = keysDown . [ FindKeyIndex keyCode ]
member this .
AnyKeyDown ( ) = keysDown |> Array.exists ( fun x -> x )
/// Player direction type
type Direction = | Left | Right | Up | Down
/// Player type
type Player ( color , startX , startY , direction , keys , keyHandler : KeyHandler ) =
let mutable x = startX
let mutable y = startY
let mutable d = direction
member this .
Color = color
member this .
X = x
member this .
Y = y
member this .
Keys = keys
/// Reset player to start values
member this .
Reset ( ) = x <- startX ; y <- startY ; d <- direction
/// Updates player position
member this .
Update i =
// Read keyborad
let mutable newD = d
let up , down , left , right = keys
if keyHandler .
IsKeyDown ( up ) then newD <- Up
if keyHandler .
IsKeyDown ( down ) then newD <- Down
if keyHandler .
IsKeyDown ( left ) then newD <- Left
if keyHandler .
IsKeyDown ( right ) then newD <- Right
#if DIRECTX
// Read XBox 360 controller
let state = Controller.GetState(i)
if state .
IsConnected then
let pad = state .
GamePad
if pad .
UpButton then newD <- Up
if pad .
DownButton then newD <- Down
if pad .
LeftButton then newD <- Left
if pad .
RightButton then newD <- Right
#endif
/// Do n't allow suicide move
match ( d , newD ) with
| ( Left , Right ) | ( Right , Left ) | ( Up , Down ) | ( Down , Up ) -> ()
| _ -> d <- newD
/// Update position with direction
match d with
| Up -> y <- y - 1
| Down -> y <- y + 1
| Left -> x <- x - 1
| Right -> x <- x + 1
/// Main form
let form = new Form ( Text = " Light Cycles " , Width=680 , Height =544 )
do /// Layout for game window and status panel
let layout = new TableLayoutPanel ( Dock=DockStyle .
Fill , ColumnCount = 2 )
layout.ColumnStyles .
Add( ColumnStyle ( SizeType = SizeType.
Percent , Width = 100.0 f ) ) |> ignore
layout.ColumnStyles .
Add( ColumnStyle ( SizeType = SizeType.Absolute , Width = 128.0f ) ) |> ignore
/// Play area in pixels
let playArea = 500
/// Game play area bitmap
let bm = new Bitmap ( playArea , playArea )
/// Clears screen
let ClearScreen () =
using ( Graphics . FromImage ( bm ) ) ( fun graphics -> graphics .
Clear( Color .
Black ) )
/// Draws text to screen
let DrawText s =
using ( Graphics . FromImage ( bm ) ) ( fun graphics ->
let rect = new Rectangle F ( 0.0 f,0.0f , float32 playArea , float32 playArea )
let align = new StringFormat( Alignment=StringAlignment .
Center , LineAlignment=StringAlignment .
Center )
graphics .
DrawString(s , form .
Font , Brushes .
White , rect , align )
)
// Initialise screen
ClearScreen ()
DrawText " Press any key to start "
/// PictureBox to contain game bitmap
let pictureBox = new PictureBox ( Dock=DockStyle .
Fill )
pictureBox .
Image <- bm
layout.Controls.Add(pictureBox )
let keyHandler = KeyHandler ( form )
/// Players array
let players =
[| Player ( Color .
Red , playArea/2+20 , playArea /2 , Down , ( Keys.Q , Keys. A , Keys.Z , Keys.X ) , keyHandler ) ;
Player ( Color .
LightBlue , playArea/2-20 , playArea/2 , Up , ( Keys.P , Keys.L , Keys.N , Keys.M ) , keyHandler ) |]
players |> Array.iter ( fun player -> bm.SetPixel( player.X , player .Y , player .
Color ) )
/// Display player controls
let statusPanel = new TableLayoutPanel( Dock=DockStyle .
Fill , ColumnCount=1 , BackColor=Color.DarkGray )
players |> Array.iteri ( fun i player ->
let name =
[ | (( new Label ( Text=sprintf " Player %d " i , ForeColor=player .
Color ) ) :> Control ) | ]
let up , down , left , right = player .
Keys
let controls =
Array.combine [ | " Up " ; " Down " ; " Left " ; " Right " | ] [ |up ; down ; left ; right | ]
|> Array.map ( fun ( name , key ) -> ( new Label ( Text=sprintf " %s ' % O ' " name key ) ) :> Control )
Array .append name controls
|> statusPanel .
Controls .
AddRange
)
layout.Controls.Add(statusPanel )
form.Controls .
Add( layout )
/// Game play - returns true if there has been a collision otherwise false
let PlayGame () =
let collisions = players |> Array.mapi ( fun i player ->
player .
Update i
let x , y = ( player . X , player . Y )
let wall = x < 0 || x >= playArea || y < 0 || y >= playArea
if wall then
true
else
let bgColor = bm. GetPixel(x , y )
bm.SetPixel ( x , y , player .
Color )
players |> Array.exists ( fun player -> let c = player .
Color in c.R = bgColor . R && c.G = bgColor . G && c. B = bgColor .B )
)
pictureBox .
Refresh ()
match collisions |> Array.
tryfind_index ( fun x -> x = true ) with
| Some(i ) -> i
| None -> ( - 1 )
/// Current game state
let gameState = ref GameState .
Start
let gameOverWaitCount = ref 200
let r = new Random ( )
/// Timer instance
let timer = new Timer ( )
timer .
Interval <- 1000/50
// Timer event
timer .
Tick .
Add ( fun _ ->
match !
gameState with
| Start ->
if keyHandler .
AnyKeyDown () then
ClearScreen ()
gameState := GameState .
Play
| Play ->
let i = PlayGame ()
if i>=0 then
gameState := GameState .
Over
gameOverWaitCount := 200
DrawText ( sprintf " Game Over - Play %d Lost " i)
pictureBox .
Refresh ()
| Over ->
// Shake screen
form .
Left <- form .
Left + if !gameOverWaitCount > 150 then r. Next ( 5 ) - 2 else 0
// Decrement Game
Over wait
decr gameOverWaitCount
if !gameOverWaitCount <= 0 then
gameState := GameState .
Start
players |> Array.iter ( fun player -> player .
Reset ( ) )
ClearScreen ()
DrawText " Press any key to start "
pictureBox .
Refresh ()
)
timer .
Start ()
[< STAThread > ]
do Application . Run( form )
Try to learn ONE new language each year !
Related Posts
* Oh , relax , Dear Reader .
Leon and I are , like , totally , BFF .
We 're peas and carrots .
Truly .
The bastard .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Sunday he was healthy , countering reports suggesting he was ill and that his political future could be threatened .
Ahmadinejad , who was elected president in 2005 , has not said whether he will seek a second term in the June 2009 presidential race but is widely expected to run .
Asked on state television about his health , he said : “ We are human like all others and catch colds .
No , I am not ill . ”
A member of parliament , Mohammad Ismail Kowsari , told the official news agency IRNA on Saturday that some websites had spread rumors about Ahmadinejad ’s health and had suggested it could harm his chances of running for president again .
“ Any human might come down with weakness as a result of workload and pressure .
This is something natural , ” Kowsari said , adding that those who used such a “ psychological ploy ” of spreading rumours would fail .
The president has been criticized for surging inflation which has hit 29 percent and now faces the added challenge of tumbling oil prices , which are cutting into Iran ’s main source of revenue .
CINCINNATI 
When he ran for office in 2000 , President Bush vowed to appoint “ more judges like Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia . ”
On Monday , the opening day of the Supreme Court ’s new term , Mr. Bush came to the critical swing state of Ohio to remind Americans that he has lived up to that promise  and to make the case , if only obliquely , that so would Senator John McCain .
“ The lesson is clear : Judges matter to every American , ” Mr. Bush told members of the Federalist Society , a conservative legal group , after ticking off a list of narrowly decided Supreme Court decisions , including two he regards favorably  one upholding a ban on the medical procedure critics call partial - birth abortion , and another overturning a ban on gun ownership in the District of Columbia .
“ Our belief in judicial restraint is shared by the vast majority of the American people , ” Mr. Bush said , adding that he had kept his pledge to “ seek judges who would faithfully interpret the Constitution  not use the courts to invent laws or dictate social policy . ”
Legal experts say Mr. Bush has had a profound impact on the judiciary , reshaping it with a conservative tilt that could long outlast his administration .
But with the Supreme Court split 5 to 4 on many decisions , both parties agree that it will take another vacancy  to be filled , presumably , by the next president  to either seal or undo that legacy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists in South Korea say they have successfully completed the world 's first commercial cloning of a pet dog .
Bernann McKinney , from the US state of California , stumped up $ 50,000 ( £ 25,000 ) for five identical copies of Booger , her beloved pit bull terrier .
The puppy clones were unveiled at a press conference in the South Korean capital , Seoul , on Tuesday .
" Booger was my partner and my friend , " Ms McKinney said , as she appeared with the five identical copies of her pet .
Scientists at Seoul National University created a number of embryos from preserved skin cells taken from Booger 's ear tissue before he died .
The embryos were then implanted into two surrogate mother dogs and , three months later , the puppies were born .
Among the scientists involved in the project was Professor Lee Byeong - chun , who was part of the team that created the world 's first cloned dog - Snuppy the Afghan hound - in 2005 .
Difficult process
" They are perfectly the same as their daddy .
I am in heaven here .
I am a happy person , " Ms McKinney said at a televised press conference , with tears in her eyes .
Ms McKinney hopes to recreate the personality of the puppies ' father
The former beauty queen , from Hollywood , recalled how Booger once saved her life by chasing off another dog that had attacked her , leaving her with serious wounds .
She said : " Booger had a kindness in his heart and I believe that kindness is something that can be , I do n't want to use the word reproduced , but the best way Dr Lee explained it is we can give him his body , you are going to give him the love and environment to recreate the original Booger 's personality . "
She said she was considering training some of the puppies to help the handicapped or elderly after they are delivered to her in the US in September .
It is not the first time that scientists have cloned a dog , but the process is notoriously difficult and the Korean team say this is the first commercial success , says the BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul .
The company which arranged the cloning , RNL Bio , says it is now open for future bookings .
As the technology improves , the price is expected to drop .
Chief executive Ra Jeong - Chan told AFP news agency that RNL Bio could clone up to 300 dogs next year for wealthy pet lovers .
He added : " For my next project , I will consider cloning camels for rich people in the Middle East . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I do n't know how do others deal with this but it happens to me too often .
A couple of days ago I though it would be cool the create a sort of application platform for easy Perl development and distribution .
I write about that later but to be short after discussing it with Steffen Mueller I got to the conclusion I need to write a GUI for the PAR :: Repository : : Client .
Further thinking led me to the idea to first try to write a GUI for CPAN.pm .
I looked in the code and talked to Andreas J. Koenig about it and set to working on it .
As I am not seasoned wxPerl developer I thought I 'll copy the basic modules from Padre such as the menu and the main frame .
Just to get started .
When I got to the menu part I though it would be much nicer to abstract it out and create a module that given a data structure describing the menu would build the menu .
Sure that might be a nice module but it is already getting too far from the original project .
So I postponed this one and went on copying and reducing the Menu.pm file from Padre .
Some more work and I am almost done with a very basic first window but it still does not open the window .
I got fed - up with this trial - and - error and I though I should create a script that would generate a basic layout of modules for a wxPerl application .
Oh , this is another project now about 4 levels away from my original one .
Good .
So I look around and I think what I really need is to create a plug - in for Module : : Starter .
Shall go now on IRC to talk to Ricardo SIGNES or shall I just try to do that and talk later ?
I should write about in my blog .
But wait just a few days ago I was thinking in Shall I enable some form of track - back or commenting ? , that I should add some way for people to provide feedback .
So before blogging I should add a feedback form to my blogging software .
It is not much work , you know , but it is just another step in the recursion towards the black hole of not doing anything .
But wait .
I already started to add that form I just stopped as I noticed there are not enough unit tests in the application so first I wanted to add more unit tests .
I guess I should go and eat something .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. House of Representatives Republican leaders on Tuesday called on New York Democrat Charles Rangel to step down as chairman of the tax - writing Ways and Means Committee pending a House investigation of possible ethical breaches .
In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Republican leaders questioned Rangel ’s ability to lead the committee after his lawyer revealed last week that he failed to report $ 100,000 of income from a villa he owns in the Dominican Republic .
Rangel , who has represented New York City ’s Harlem district for 38 years , plans to hold a news conference on Wednesday to discuss the tax filing error and to answer the Republican letter , an aide said .
Last week his attorney , Lanny Davis , told reporters that Rangel plans to file an amendment to his previous tax returns and likely has no federal tax liability on the investment .
“ Given Chairman Rangel ’s continuing ethical lapses , he cannot effectively carry out his duties as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee , ” said the letter signed by House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio and other Republican leaders .
The letter also took a broad swipe at the Democratic - led Congress , accusing its leaders of failing to advance legislation to encourage more domestic oil production .
Pelosi spokesman Nadeam Elshami accused Republicans of playing politics and trying to divert public attention from financing scandals that have hurt the Republican party .
“ The American people would be better served if Republicans would stop playing politics and allow the bipartisan Ethics Committee to do its job , ” he said in a statement .
Rangel ’s finances have been under scrutiny since July , when the New York Times reported that the lawmaker lived in multiple reduced - rent apartments provided under a plan to preserve affordable housing in New York City .
Rangel defended his right to maintain those below - market rentals , but agreed to give up one office that he used for campaign activities .
Rangel has asked for a congressional ethics inquiry on that matter and was considering requesting a similar review of his Dominican property , Davis told reporters last week .
Ten intrepid genetic explorers have volunteered to have their genetic information posted on the Internet for anyone 's perusal ,
along with photographs , their disease histories , allergies , medications , ethnic backgrounds and a trove of other traits , called phenotypes , from food preferences to television viewing habits [ The New York Times ] .
The 10 volunteers are the first participants in the Personal Genomics Project , an endeavor run by Harvard Medical School that hopes to offer free genetic testing to 100,000 people in exchange for their privacy .
The project aims to advance genome research by tapping volunteers who have a Facebook - mentality sense of privacy - - minimal -- and enough excitement about genomic science that they are willing to lay out their genetic and medical information so any researcher can sift through it for links between genes and traits .
" There 's a hope that by making these data public , you can harness crowd - sourcing power in the same way that Wikipedia and YouTube and Google and Linux all emerged from cooperative , distributed efforts " [ Boston Globe ]
, said Harvard psychology professor Steven Pinker , who is one of the 10 pioneers .
Researchers admit that the project is as much a social experiment as a scientific one , and say that the ramifications of having one 's genetic information in the public eye are n't yet known .
A new federal law prohibits health insurers and employers from discriminating against individuals on the basis of their genetic profile .
But any one of the PGP 10 could be denied life insurance , long - term care insurance or disability insurance , with no legal penalty .
And no law can bar colleagues from raising an annoyed eyebrow at a PGP participant who , say , indulges in a brownie after disclosing on the Internet that she is genetically predisposed to diabetes [ The New York Times ] .
The project required the first 10 participants to have extensive knowledge of genetics to ensure that they understood what conclusions could be drawn from their online genetic profiles ; the so - called " PGP - 10 " include the Harvard professor who initiated the project , George Church , as well as investors and businesspeople involved in personal genetics companies .
These first volunteers are a healthy group , and the information posted so far does n't reveal any devastating health problems .
The participants are more likely to learn that they are at a modestly increased risk of some common diseases .
John Halamka , chief information officer at Harvard Medical School , got an early peek at his genomic information and discovered that he has double the average risk of obesity .
" Even with this imperfect screening tool , if someone had told me 10 years ago I was at twice the risk of obesity , I would have stopped the cheeseburger , doughnut , and two lattes a day habit much earlier , " says Halamka [ Technology Review ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : NIH Yanks Genetic Databases From the Web , Citing Privacy Worries DISCOVER : How Much Can You Learn From a Home DNA Test ?
Image : iStockphoto
Linux is beginning to find its legs as the foundation in many different technologies and in the process is fueling a feedback loop that is helping accelerate the operating system 's popularity .
As more and more people contribute from areas such as mobile , data center power management , and real - time technologies , innovations are coming rapid fire and when folded into the Linux kernel provide benefits across a wide spectrum .
For example , power management features for the data center are being tapped to help extend battery life in Linux - based mobile devices .
The evidence of the cooperation will be on display at next week 's LinuxWorld conference in San Francisco .
( Disclosure ; IDG , the parent company of both Network World and PC World , also operates LinuxWorld . )
The conference is expected to draw 10,000 attendees to nearly 100 sessions and 200 exhibitor booths .
In addition , there is a mini-conference on Mobile Linux , the Linux Garage that will highlight the latest embedded - Linux gadgets , an install fest to benefit San Francisco - area schools , an open source voting demonstration and the annual Penguin Bowl that will pit teams dedicated to mobile Linux and server Linux .
" When you look at how people use technology -- embedded systems , mobile computing , mobile internet devices , servers , super computing -- in almost every aspect of technology Linux is emerging as the dominant platform , " says Jim Zemlin , CEO of the Linux Foundation .
Of course , Windows still enjoys healthy unit - shipment leads on servers and client systems .
But Zemlin says as Linux use has increased it is fueling a positive feedback loop due to its community development roots .
" When a Wall Street trading application developer uses real - time Linux or when the Defense Department is creating real - time technology for robust embedded defense systems , that same technology gets contributed back to the Linux kernel and it might benefit mobile phone developers by offering the tools to create more stability . "
While the feedback loop is n't new , Zemlin says it is getting rocket fuel from the growing legions of Linux developers .
In the past two years , he says , 3,200 developers have contributed to the Linux kernel .
In one year alone , 1,762 unique kernel contributions were logged and there are 2,000 lines of code written every day .
The Linux kernel has a release every two and a half months and a new Linux distribution release every six months .
" We are seeing this incredibly unique cross pollinization of innovation , " Zemlin says .
Bill Weinberg , an analyst and consultant with LinuxPundit , and the chair of the LinuxWorld Mobile conference , says the discussion goes beyond just Linux as a platform .
" We 've had a lot of hand - wringing around fragmentation in the past , " he says .
This year , Weinberg has added a track on applications , which has been an historical weak spot for the operating system .
" How do you create applications for mobile and embedded Linux , how do you to go to market with Linux systems , how are they received by the eco-system , how do ISVs actually make money with apps , and how do operators roll out new services and deploy apps to support their business models , " said Weinberg .
Motorola will talk about the LiMo ( Linux Mobile ) Foundation , which began 18 months ago , and Intel will detail its mobile Atom Processor and Moblin.org , which is focused on creating Internet - centric mobile applications .
A panel will convene to discuss how the two can interact and interoperate .
Weinberg also is augmenting the discussion with a track to cover cross -over topics such as virtualization in embedded systems .
He says virtualization provides the functional separator that allows embedded application developers choice of platform depending on what they are trying to accomplish .
" There is no single platform that has a single code base that covers as many different kinds of applications and niches as Linux does , " says Weinberg .
Some analysts say Linux has without a doubt become a more mainstream solution .
" Linux is expanding its presence in other workloads as it continues to hold down key success areas in Web and infrastructure roles , " says Al Gillen , an analyst with IDC .
" Customers are increasingly using it for business - critical workloads . "
This story , " State of the LinuxWorld " was originally published by Network World .
The domain name ThePuppyChannel.com is available for purchase here through GoDaddy
Buy it now for $ 2000 through GoDaddy ( Originally $ 4000 )
Kids love to make things .
My daughter is always asking me “ Papa , what can we make ?
Let ’s do a project together . ”
Messing about with wood is one of my favorite hobbies .
I learned the basics by working with and watching other men build , but even if you ’ve never built anything in your life , you can do homeschool woodworking projects together .
Here ’s a list of online resources to get you started .
Online Resources for Woodworking Projects with Children :
Tips for buying tools and hardware :
Do n’t buy cheap tools .
Ever .
You ’ll regret it .
You do n’t need the top of the line tools , but you will end up replacing a cheap tool soon .
Buy quality tools that feel good in your hand .
Ask at your local hardware store for guidance , ’ cause there ’s a lot of crap for sale out there .
Stay away from “ kid ’s tools ” , as they will frustrate the heck out your child ( try driving a nail , even a tiny one , with an itty - bitty hammer … ) .
Yard sales are awesome for finding good tools at a reasonable price .
Look for an old guy in a baseball hat cleaning out his shop .
Tell him you ’re setting up a shop for your kids , and he ’ll probably hook you up .
Only get the basic tools .
Most shop gadgets that you see at the big box stores are gimmicks .
You do n’t need a laser level to build a bird house .
Buy an assortment of nails , especially “ box ” nails with a big head .
Smaller finish nails and brads are for when kids can comfortably drive box nails consistently .
A drill and driver will speed up large projects by enabling you to drill pilot holes and sink screws quickly .
Kids get a kick out of using power tools , and you wo n’t spend all weekend on one project .
Drywall screws are great for fastening wood together quickly and securely .
Get a couple of different sizes .
Deck screws go in fast , but can strip out the hole too easily .
Clamps are handy , but not a necessity .
An old bicycle tube can be cut and wrapped like a huge rubber band to hold parts being glued together .
Tips for finding wood cheaply :
Cruise the cull bin at the hardware store .
The culls are the cut - offs and the wood with bigger knotholes or splits .
The big home supply store by my house usually has a bunch of random pieces for fifty cents each .
Craigslist is a good place to look for free materials .
Find a cabinet shop and ask about raiding their scrap dumpster .
Last fall I found enough cherry , walnut , and oak scraps for a year ’s worth of little projects .
Swing by a building site with your kids at quitting time .
Most foremen will let you pick through the scraps if you ask .
If you get a lot of good stuff , bring a six - pack by the next day to say thanks .
Pallets can be cut with a circular saw to get short pieces .
Run the blade alongside the stringer to cut them all the same length .
If you ’ve got time and a crowbar , you can pry them apart to get longer pieces .
Related articles about Fathers and Homeschooling :
Image : hoyasmeg on Flickr under a Creative Commons License
With the hectic pace and demands of modern life , many people feel stressed and over - worked .
It often feels like there is just not enough time in the day to get everything done .
Our stress and tiredness make us unhappy , impatient and frustrated .
It can even affect our health .
We are often so busy we feel there is no time to stop and meditate !
But meditation actually gives you more time by making your mind calmer and more focused .
A simple ten or fifteen minute breathing meditation as explained below can help you to overcome your stress and find some inner peace and balance .
Meditation can also help us to understand our own mind .
We can learn how to transform our mind from negative to positive , from disturbed to peaceful , from unhappy to happy .
Overcoming negative minds and cultivating constructive thoughts is the purpose of the transforming meditations found in the Buddhist tradition .
This is a profound spiritual practice you can enjoy throughout the day , not just while seated in meditation .
On this website you can learn the basics of Buddhist meditation .
A few books are mentioned that will help you to deepen your understanding if you wish to explore further .
Anyone can benefit from the meditations given here , Buddhist or not .
We hope that you find this website useful and that you learn to enjoy the inner peace that comes from meditation .
Dear George W. Bush
Since it is obvious that the so - called ' leaders ' in Congress have no intention of doing their jobs and impeaching you I thought it would be a good idea to appeal to your sense of patriotism -- i.e. the single best thing you can do for our country is to RESIGN ASAP .
Why resign ?
Well in case you have n't realized it every time you speak about the current global economic meltdown the markets tank even worse .
So I hear you are going to make a statement again tomorrow about it all and once again the market will tank after you do that .
So please feel free to check the facts and timelines and notice how it has tanked every time you open your lips about it , mmmkay ?
The reason this happens is simple :
The rest of the planet looks to the USA as the trendsetter for the global economy and the rest of the planet has ZERO confidence in your leadership .
So if you want to do your part to get the global economy headed in the right direction then you must RESIGN ASAP !
Thanks ,
Ben
Sarah Palin and Joe Biden celebrate the end of Thursday night 's debate by bringing their families on stage .
Campaign trajectory remains unchanged
ST .
LOUIS — John McCain has become the candidate of change , while Barack Obama would be happy with more of the same — at least when it comes to the last month of the presidential campaign .
For the conclusion of Thursday 's debate failed to alter a trajectory that has favored the Democratic ticket .
The campaign is still handcuffed to the nation 's financial crisis , with voters willing to take a risk on change and reminded of what they do n't like about Republicans and the Bush administration .
Advertisement
A shifting map appears increasingly to favor the Democrat , but top aides to both candidates said Thursday that they would go on attack : Obama with the aim of keeping the campaign centered on voters ' economic worries , McCain with the hope of " turning the page " on the crisis and returning to worries about Obama .
" We need to get it back to the middle pages of the Wall Street Journal instead of on the front page of every paper every day , " Missouri Gov. Matt Blunt , a host here , said of the economic crisis .
In McCain 's campaign there is hope and even breath - holding that the House of Representatives , on its second try , will pass the financial bailout Friday and help stabilize the market — and with it , the campaign .
Getting the bill out of the House , said McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds , " would serve as a launching pad off what has been a challenging week for us . ”
But finding a short - term resolution to the credit crunch would help in another important way — it would also send President Bush back into the near - reclusive state of lame duckery he found himself in before Wall Street collapsed .
" Part of the problem for us in the last three weeks has been a president on TV almost every day who had been MIA for the past six months , " said a senior McCain aide , speaking anonymously to discuss the unpopular president in frank terms .
" If you 're talking about the political benefit of getting a deal , well hopefully you 'll see less of the president . "
The economic woes and reemergence of Bush have combined to remind voters exactly why it is they are in such a sour mood , Republicans believe .
Recalling internal polling data from this week , one top GOP official shared , with a dose of incredulity , the " right track " figure .
" Ten ! " exclaimed this official about the percent of Americans who believe the country is heading in the right direction , " Ten ! "
And the worst may not be over .
Even the legislative package is no guarantee of an end to bank failures .
And the government is expected to release grim unemployment figures Friday .
Now , though , with Sarah Palin putting an end to daily ridicule by turning in a performance here , McCain 's campaign hopes they can finally get on track .
Recognizing the overarching issue of the election , it will stay on the economy .
" You get past the crisis , but you still have to focus on the economy , " said Douglas Holtz - Eakin , McCain 's top domestic policy adviser .
" It 's taxes , spending , jobs and the economy — that 's the agenda , that 's what we have to talk about . "
But , not deluding themselves about the lead Obama has carved out nationally and in some key states , the campaign will also amp up the shots at the Illinois senator .
Palin 's performance and tomorrow 's vote will give the GOP an opportunity to " turn the page , " said Republican National Committee press secretary Alex Conant .
" Barack Obama 's readiness will return to being the central subject of debate . "
Dan Bartlett , former communications director for Bush , put it more bluntly .
" They 've got to spend every day trying to make Obama unacceptable as president of the United States . "
While McCain hopes to return to political offense , Obama is planning to launch a broad attack rooted in Americans ' economic insecurities .
Obama 's aides said the campaign would key in not on something Palin said but , rather , on what she did n't :
Her failure to offer a detailed defense of McCain 's plan to finance a $ 5,000 health care tax credit by treating employers ’ health care payments as taxable — something Democrats relish hitting as both a " radical " health care scheme and a tax hike .
The campaign had already decided to attack McCain 's health care plan , and the debate exchange will help drive that focus , they said .
" We 're on a big offensive on John McCain 's health care plan , " said Obama campaign manager David Plouffe .
" I think Sen. Biden did a terrific job today of describing why middle - class families should fear John McCain 's health care plan .
She did n't answer the attack . "
Palin 's silence — she attacked Obama 's plan as " government run , " but did n't return to McCain 's — was " a huge missed opportunity , " Plouffe said , " because I will assure you this :
Every voter in every battleground state is going to know that John McCain is taxing health care for the very first time .
Twenty - one million people lose their health care because small businesses will drop it . "
Obama has already begun airing one ad that casts his plan as a commonsense alternative to McCain 's " extreme , " and aides said he would begin to push the issue much more intensely across battleground states .
In Missouri , for example , it will be part of a broad push to raise voters ' doubts about McCain 's health care plan , Obama 's Missouri State Director Buffy Wicks said .
Along with the ad , expected to begin airing here soon , the campaign has planned four pieces of direct mail attacking McCain 's plan .
Obama 's campaign finds itself on electoral offense , playing on a map in which winning just a minority of the contested states may be enough to capture the White House .
" We are going to keep as big a battlefield as possible , " said David Axelrod , Obama 's chief strategist .
Both candidates will spend next weekend preparing for a Tuesday debate in Nashville , Tenn .
But their other travels reflect the changed map .
After a stop in Pennsylvania on Friday , he heads to Newport News , Va. , Saturday , another visit to a state where he has been a constant presence — and where McCain has been nearly absent .
In fact , he 's campaigning aggressively in a series of states George W. Bush won in 2004 — Iowa , New Mexico , Colorado , Nevada , Virginia , Florida , Ohio , North Carolina , Missouri and Indiana — in what Obama aides say is roughly the order of likelihood of victory .
McCain , for his part , is grappling with the other side of the equation : a shrinking electoral map .
His campaign confirmed Thursday the surprising news that they were pulling out of Michigan , a state that McCain had spent considerable time and money in since wrapping up the GOP nomination .
McCain 's options for blue state pickups now have shrunk to effectively four states : New Hampshire , Pennsylvania , Wisconsin and Minnesota .
A senior aide said their prospects for winning any of the four were in about that order .
And just as McCain 's opportunities to go on offense diminish , his need to increase his defenses across red states increases .
A top aide confirmed that they were bulking up staff and offices not just in perennially competitive Ohio but also in Virginia , which has not landed in the Democratic column since 1964 .
Two McCain officials also said on a conference call Thursday night — held to address the post - Michigan electoral map — that they would have to put resources into Indiana , where the RNC has just gone up on TV .
Add in a handful of states in the interior West and the trove of up - for - grabs electoral votes in Florida , and McCain 's margin of error is rapidly decreasing .
Victoria McGrane contributed to this story .
Take a journey through the past with the website
Canada : A People 's History
based on the award - winning CBC TV series
that tells Canada 's story through the eyes of the people who lived it .
According to the Energy Department 's weekly survey of filling stations , $ 4 gas is no longer the status quo .
While last week saw gas still average $ 3.955 ( borderline $ 4 ) nationally , this week gas slid another $ 0.075 to $ 3.88 .
Since gas prices tend to lag behind the lightning quick movements of crude oil , its likely gas prices will continue to fall ( all else equal ) .
Of course , it 's important to have this caveat accompany news of the recent tumble in oil and gas prices :
Prices are dropping primarily due to worries about a collapsing US and global economy .
So do n't get too excited .
See Also :
$ 120 Oil To Save US Economy or Stock Market ?
No .
More Peak Oil Evidence : Exxon Production ( XOM ) Falls 7.8 % , Most In Decade ( XOM )
Lehman : Oil Back to $ 90 In Six Months
Unlike recent blockbusters from Electronic Arts and Take Two , Bethesda 's upcoming Fallout 3 will have no install limits and will use a simple Oblivion - style disc check for copy protection .
Bethesda's Pete Hines told Shacknews that piracy is a " huge problem , " but that the company also considers it a priority to ensure it does n't ruin the experience for people who buy legitimate copies .
" We 're pretty mild about how we do it , and we try to do it in a way that prevents folks from exploiting and distributing our games that we worked very hard on , and that we feel we have a right to try and sell and not have distributed for free without our okay , " he said .
" It 's very important for us not to ruin the experience for the person who did buy a copy , so we try to be very careful . "
That means no SecuROM , and no limit on the number of times the game can be installed .
" We do the mildest form possible .
I actually do n't know if I even want to get into what it is that we exactly do , but we try to be really non-invasive when it comes to that stuff , " he said .
" And it is a pain in the ass - it is a pain in the ass that we have to do it at all in the first place .
But when you spend tens of millions of dollars , we do n't think it 's right to just put something out there and let everybody do whatever they want and pass it around . "
Hines pointed to Steam as a possible " good solution " for combating piracy , saying that while the system was flawed when it first came out , it has since developed into a smooth - running and widely accepted method of copy protection .
Bethesda is considering multiple digital distribution options , he said , but maintained that the company is committed to not hassling its customers .
" We always talk about it in our games , about wanting to avoid the negative , " he said .
" We want to remove anything that is a hindrance or an annoyance to the player , we 're trying to just get to the game and have fun .
The interface , or whatever it is ...
Or the DRM , and making sure that we 're trying to protect something that we spent a lot of money developing , but not prohibiting somebody who bought a legitimate copy from getting into the game and having fun right away . "
About 6,000 fans at a Friday night Colorado football game got to see an influential Democrat ’s son run across the field only wearing running shoes and swinging a toy sword .
Colorado State House Majority Leader Alice Madden is a little embarrassed her son would bring such shame on the family , reports the Daily Camera .
“ Every year it seems like someone streaks at this football game , ” said Madden , an attorney and member of the state Legislative Council .
“ Unfortunately for us and our family , this year it was our son . ”
This prank could cost the teen .
A judge could make him register as a sex offender .
“ My husband and I are very disappointed .
We ’ve talked about it a lot and he faces punishment at home and he ’s going to have punishment at school . ”
He ’ll probably lose access to the Land Rover and will have his cable / internet package lowered to the basic level .
That ’s gonna suck .
Expect Repubs to attack in 3 ….. 2…… 1……..
Football game streaker is Madden ’s son [ The Daily Camera ]
" And as we walk , we must make the pledge that we shall march ahead .
We can not turn back .
There are those who are asking the devotees of civil rights , " When will you be satisfied ? "
We can never be satisfied as long as our bodies , heavy with the fatigue of travel , cannot gain lodging in the motels of the highways and the hotels of the cities .
We cannot be satisfied as long as the Negro 's basic mobility is from a smaller ghetto to a larger one .
We can never be satisfied as long as a Negro in Mississippi cannot vote and a Negro in New York believes he has nothing for which to vote .
No , no , we are not satisfied , and we will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream . "
MLK , Jr .
Congratulations taxpayers !
Your senators have ridden to the rescue and approved a piece of legislation that should ungum the credit crunch .
In the process , your lawmakers also approved extended tax breaks for the film industry in Puerto Rico , and for the makers of " certain wooden arrows designed for use by children . "
I kid you not .
I wo n't bore you with the details , but if you 're interested , the Puerto Rican film industry provision is on page 298 of the massive 400 - plus page bill , which the senators approved Wednesday evening to Save Americans .
" The exemption from excise tax for certain wooden arrows designed for use by children , " provision occurs shortly after that .
Those who received income from the settlement of the Exxon Valdez oil spill lawsuit also apparently get a break :
They get to treat their proceeds as income from the fishing industry for tax purposes .
The tech industry was also given a reason to lobby for passage of the bill later this week :
Attached to the legislation is the renewal of the research and development tax credit , which expired in December .
You probably have n't heard of any of these horse - trading earmark requests .
That 's because they 're buried in an inscrutable 400 + page PDF document that no - one had the time to read during a busy workweek .
This is the kind of under - the - radar activity that the non-profit group the Sunlight Foundationhas been trying to stop with its online petition this week to ask lawmakers and others to actually read the bill ( at web sites such as Read the Bill First , and Public Markup . )
Wired has suggested that the next president listen to Sunlight Foundation co-founder Ellen Miller .
This might be a good time for the job applicants to start listening .
See Also :
This week ’s Nature has a fascinating essay by anthropologist Pascal Boyer discussing the quirks of spiritual belief and how they may result from the evolution of our mind and brain .
Boyer is best known for his book Religion Explained : The Evolutionary Origins of Religious Thought where he argued that religion can be understood as where the cognitive abilities we ’ve developed through evolution are applied to things like group identity , ritual , or the explanation of otherwise mysterious things , such as weather or disease .
Essentially , Boyer argues that there are cognitive restraints on religious practice and belief , which he illustrates by pointing out some interesting inconsistencies in our intuitive ideas about spiritual agents .
According to Boyer , this suggests that our mental capacities define what are supposed to be all - powerful or all - knowing entities .
This clip of Boyer being interview by Jonathan Miller is fascinating because he points out , contrary to popular belief , what most religions are concerned with .
He notes most religions do not concern themselves with the creation of the world or the afterlife , while the presence of unseen agents is almost universal .
There is now a growing interest in the cognitive science of religion and one of my favourite articles is by psychiatrist Quinton Deeley who discusses how different form of religious ritual may influence specific cognitive functions to pass on religious teachings and commitments ( full disclosure : Deeley is a friend and research collaborator ) .
Deeley argues that the well - known distinction between ‘ doctrinal ’ rituals which are frequent and low intensity ( such as everyday prayers or practices ) , and ‘ imagistic ’ high - intensity , less - frequent rituals ( such as exuberant religious celebrations ) serve different psychological purposes .
‘ Doctrinal ’ rituals help create semantic memories of key concepts and emotional response through associative learning , while ‘ imagistic ’ rituals help create episodic memories of specific situations that may involve altered states of consciousness and the experience of other realities .
Deeley also did a fascinating talk on ‘ Ritual , Possession Trance , and Amnesia ’ where he discusses some of the neuropsycholgical mechanisms that might underlie trance and possessions states .
Link to Boyer ’s Nature essay ‘ Religion : Bound to believe ?’.
Link to brief interview with Boyer on religion .
Link to Deeley ’s article ‘ The Religious Brain ’ .
Link to video of talk ‘ Ritual , Possession Trance , and Amnesia ’ .
Yes , we are still working and here to help you !
During this pandemic things are different , however we are still working very hard and adapting the way we train .
Over the last few weeks we have repackaged our well loved , tried and tested seminars and brought them to life for you in quick , effective 90 minute Zoom workshops , ideal right now whilst we are caught up , and locked up , in the grip of Coronavirus !
They are available right now so click here to take a look .
It is always good to talk , but especially good right now , so if you ’re not sure about how to continue with your training please get in touch , we ’re working and ready to help you .
Meanwhile , look after yourself and please follow Government guidance , focus on your personal development and learn new skills for a better life when this is all over .
Ready to inhale some serious Intel technobabble ?
Here goes .
As it stands , MIDs and UMPCs that utilize Windows operating systems are pretty much restricted to using Vista due to their incongruence with the " low - cost " requirement for still using XP .
On top of that , Intel 's chipset used in these critters ( you know , with those Silverthorne Atom CPUs ) only supports 1GB of RAM .
We do n't need to explain how underwhelming performance can be when mixing Vista with just 1GB of RAM .
Now , however , a new PDF from Intel details updated System Controller Hub ( SCH ) specifications that include support for up to 2GB of RAM .
What is n't clear is whether current systems can be updated via a BIOS update , but we 'll be keeping an ear to the ground in hopes of hearing " yes . " [ Thanks , Itto ]
Lord Stern of Brentford , author of the government 's influential report on climate change , has warned against the " danger " of letting the world economic turmoil block action to build a low - carbon economy .
But he also said the current situation " could be used well " to promote investment in efficiency and clean energy to help the UK and other countries boost their economies .
Speaking to the Guardian ahead of a speech to launch a new climate change economics centre at the London School of Economics , Stern said there were " two kinds of danger " because of the current fears of recession .
" One [ is ] people can only concentrate on a limited number of things at the same time , and the second is people will be sensitive to cost increases , and those will have to be managed carefully , " he said .
" There 's a danger : it needs leadership . "
Instead , he argued , the current problems could help boost investment in tackling climate change because they have highlighted the dangers of not tackling global risks early enough , and could create much more international cooperation .
There were also more incentives to invest in energy efficiency during a recession and high oil prices , and spending on renewable and other low - carbon industries could help stimulate the economy , said Stern .
" We 're going to have to grow out of this and have to create growth opportunities for long - term sustainable investment , and this is an area which looks as though it could well grow strongly and with the right support could be one of the major engines of growth , " he said .
Stern 's comments will be echoed today by the government 's Technology Strategy Board , which will warn businesses it would be a " terrible mistake " to cut investment in new technology during the downturn .
" We will come out of this downturn and when we do it will be the businesses which held their nerve and continued to invest that will come out of the downturn first [ and ] emerge stronger and better equipped to face the challenges of the future , " Iain Gray , the board 's chief executive , will say .
Launching the Grantham Institute and the Centre for Climate Change Economics and Policy , Stern also outlined his global plan for action on greenhouse gas emissions , including a cut of 80% - 95 % in emissions for developed nations and a " commitment to commit " to cuts by the biggest developing countries like China and India , possibly as soon as 2020 .
By 2050 , average global emissions needed to be equivalent to 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide per person to try to avoid dangerous climate change , compared to 10 - 12 tonnes in the biggest economies , 5 tonnes in China and 1.5 - 2 tonnes in India , said Stern .
" The developing countries average emissions will have to be 2 tonnes by 2050 if the world average is 2 tonnes because they 'll have 8 billion of the 9 billion [ people ] , " he said .
But despite the big changes a clean energy revolution would herald , Stern predicted the impacts on people 's lives would be less than the information technology revolution , for example : " We 'll still move around , we 'll heat our homes - homes will be more efficient and close to zero - carbon electricity .
But at the same time it will be cleaner , quieter , more biodiverse , all those things .
It will actually be much nicer . "
Stern 's report for the Treasury in 2006 famously described climate change as the world 's greatest " market failure " .
But he dismissed suggestions the current economic crisis would prompt wholesale economic reform : " We 're talking about fixing a market failure and achieving growth of a different kind : low carbon growth . "
La crise financière s'envenime chaque jour davantage .
Pourquoi les investisseurs ne parviennent - ils pas à retrouver la confiance ?
Ce n'est pas une surprise si les choses ne s'améliorent pas .
Les remèdes apportés jusqu'ici ne résolvent qu'une partie du problème .
En particulier le plan initial américain de 700 milliards de dollars [ 517 milliards d'euros ] .
Il consiste à racheter les mauvaises dettes des banques .
Mais en rachetant des titres qui ne valent quasiment plus rien , l'Etat va transformer des pertes anticipées en pertes réelles .
Les banques ont un trou dans leur bilan à cause de ces mauvaises dettes .
Il faut le reboucher .
En cela , le plan britannique qui consiste à injecter du capital aux banques est une meilleure option .
Mais il n'y a pas que ce problème .
Que voulez - vous dire ?
La racine du problème , c'est la chute du marché immobilier .
Aux Etats - Unis , on attend encore 2 millions de saisies immobilières , parce que les propriétaires sont incapables de rembourser leurs crédits hypothécaires .
Tant qu'on n'aura pas stoppé ce mouvement , les dettes vont continuer de provoquer des pertes dans le bilan des banques .
Henry Paulson [ le secrétaire au Trésor ] pense que le déclin de l'immobilier va s'arrêter , mais aucun économiste sérieux n'y croit .
Son plan consiste à faire une transfusion sanguine à un malade qui souffre d'une hémorragie interne .
Enfin , les économies entrent en récession .
Pour endiguer cela , il faut un stimulus à l'économie .
Aux Etats - Unis , l'assurance - chômage couvre vingt - six semaines , ensuite vous êtes à la rue .
La crise va durer bien plus de vingt - six semaines .
Il faut des mesures plus protectrices , sinon la situation va devenir bien pire .
En Europe , quelles solutions seraient , selon vous , efficaces ?
Il faut une solution commune à tous les pays d'Europe .
Chacun d'entre eux ne peut faire comme si la crise ne concernait que lui .
L'Europe est parvenue à créer un système financier unique .
Il faut en tirer les conséquences .
Pour résoudre la crise en Europe , il faut des solutions européennes .
Proposer une garantie de dépôt dans un pays et pas dans un autre , par exemple , ne fait que distordre la compétition entre banques : il est tellement facile de changer d'établissement au sein de l'Union .
Dans l'immédiat , il faut autoriser un déficit public supérieur à 3 % du PIB .
Le statut de la Banque centrale européenne , qui est focalisée sur l'inflation et non sur la croissance , est aussi un problème .
On assiste à un mouvement de défiance vis -à - vis des banques .
Pensez - vous que cela va durer ?
Les banquiers se sont très mal comportés .
Pourquoi aurait - on confiance ?
Ils ne savent pas gérer les risques , même s'ils savent habiller leurs comptes pour que ceux - ci aient l'air corrects quelque temps .
Et ce n'est pas nouveau , on a déjà eu beaucoup de crises bancaires .
Il faut revoir toute la manière de réguler le système .
Il y a un trou dans le bateau et l'urgence est de le réparer , comme dit Ben Bernanke [ le président de la Réserve fédérale américaine ] .
Mais il faut aussi changer le capitaine .
Ce bateau est conduit par un alcoolique , qui nous mène encore droit sur les rochers .
Cette crise est souvent comparée à celle de 1929 .
Redoutez - vous des conséquences aussi dramatiques ?
On évoque 1929 , parce que l'on pense à la faillite de Wall Street et que l'on veut éviter de trop grosses pertes aux banques .
On devrait plutôt comparer cette crise à celle de l'Indonésie .
Il y a dix ans , cette crise financière s'est transformée en grande dépression : à Java , il y a eu 40 % de chômage .
On sait ce qu'il ne faut pas faire et comment stopper la chute .
La question est de savoir si on le fera , et si on le fera correctement .
Propos recueillis par Claire Gatinois
The kangaroo industry says the idea for more native animals to be harvested to help respond to climate change is a vote of confidence in the sector .
Professor Ross Garnaut 's final report on climate change has suggested that reducing sheep and cattle numbers and replacing them with 175 million farmed kangaroos would help to dramatically reduce emissions .
John Kelly from the Kangaroo Industry Association says it is a sound concept .
" The idea of getting sheep out of the rangelands and running kangaroos as an alternate enterprise is one that has been around for a long time and it has a great deal of support , " he said .
" The simple principle I guess is that it probably makes a great deal of environmental wisdom for us in this country to produce our food from the animals that belong here , " he said .
But Mr Kelly says more work is needed to encourage Australians to eat kangaroo .
" What the industry is saying is that before we can go down this path we really do have to look at growing markets for the product it would generate , " he said .
" If governments across the country see what [ Ross ] Garnaut 's about as a potential to reduce Australia 's carbon footprint , then perhaps we should be looking at throwing a little bit more money at kangaroo industry market development . "
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
I ’m a big believer that Wi-Fi will come to dominate the home networking environment because of its ubiquity and familiarity to consumers .
If I needed more proof , I got it earlier this week while chatting with Kelly Davis - Felner , marketing director of the Wi-Fi Alliance , about the more than 1,000 gadgets her organization has certified this past year .
The Alliance shared with me some of the more outlandish gadgets they ’ve seen .
I know they are n’t all new , but taken together they make clear that Wi-Fi is moving way beyond computing equipment and even kitschy nerd wear ( but I included the Think Geek T - shirt anyway ) .
First up is a Kohler bathtub available with Wi -Fi connectivity that allows music to be piped from a computer to the bath without dragging electrical goods in or near the water .
At $ 10,000 , this tub is n’t for the faint of wallet , but in addition to the Wi-Fi speakers it also offers four original compositions whose beats the tub will vibrate in conjunction with — totally surrounding your body in music .
I can do this in my car with the volume turned up and a sub - woofer , so I personally think this is pretty silly .
Second on the list is another high - end purchase , a Chrysler car with uConnect service , which uses a combined 3G data connection and Wi-Fi to turn your vehicle into a hotspot .
Pricing for the uConnect service is n’t out yet , but as cool as such an offering might be , I ’m not sure it ’s any different than firing up a 3G modem attached to your laptop in order to check email or write blogs during a car trip ( only when you ’re not driving , of course . )
Third up is the Spark solar - powered lamp , which uses Wi-Fi to notify homeowners if they ’ve exceeded daily energy consumption limit .
The lamp was conceived by industrial designer Beverly Ng in response to efforts by the Swedish government to reduce energy consumption in Swedish homes .
The Wi-Fi in the lamp taps into an energy - monitoring system on a computer , and makes the lamp flash different colors depending on how much energy has been used up .
Then there is the WiFi- detection category , which includes a pair of sneakers , a watch and the aforementioned shirt .
The sneakers are still a concept item , but the shirt is available for $ 29.99 , and the watch is £ 19.99 ( $ 32 ) .
Beyond Wi -Fi detection , I think there are some obvious options for actual reception or transmission of data with these objects .
You could track your steps to meet a fitness goal , or have your watch start flashing when you get a VoIP call or have a meeting .
For folks who keep their WiFi- enabled phones in a bag , that ’d be awesome .
Speaking of bags , our final item is a series of WiFi - sniffing bags that range from backpacks to briefcases , and can tell you where you might find the best locale for sitting down for some intense computing .
This is useful if you forgot your WiFi - detecting watch , your WiFi - detecting T - shirt is in the wash and you ’re wearing penny loafers instead of your Wi -Fi sneakers .
It ’s also useful for outgeeking those folks wandering around with solar - powered backpacks .
Yeah , Liz and Katie , I ’m talking to you .
[ digg=http://digg.com/gadgets/7_Wacky_Wi_Fi_Gadgets]
Samsung SDI shows an ultra - thin OLED panel at the FPD International 2008 conference .
Samsung calls it the flapping display .
I guess they just want to underline the fact that it is so thin that it moves with the wind .
The 0.05 mm - thick screen sheet has a diagonal size of four inches , a resolution of 480 x 272 and a 100,000:1 contrast ratio .
Its brightness is rated at 200cd / m² , Japan ’s Nikkei reports .
That width is a fraction of the 0.3 mm thickness
Sony recently hailed for its first flexible OLED panel .
What it lacks is the glass substrate all other OLED panels use for stability .
Instead of sealing the panel to the glass , Samsung removed it and used a membrane seal instead .
What Samsung did n’t say is how easily its boffins can transform the process used to produce the prototype into one that can be implemented commercially .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , whose independence was touted when she was named Sen .
John McCain´s vice - presidential pick Friday , collected at least $ 24,000 from registered state lobbyists in her gubernatorial campaign , records show .
The lobbyists who donated to her campaign represent a range of industries , including oil and gas , tobacco , education and the Native Alaskan community .
“ She ’s fought oil companies and party bosses and do - nothing bureaucrats and anyone who puts their interests before the interests of the people she swore an oath to serve , ” Mr. McCain said Friday at an Ohio rally to introduce her as his running mate .
But since Mrs. Palin leads a major oil - producing state , that industry is one of her top donors .
She collected nearly $ 13,000 from lobbyists who represent oil and gas industries in her primary and general campaigns , according a review of her campaign donations and 2006 registered state lobbyists .
Her campaign also collected donations from lobbyist employees of most of the major oil companies , including BP Exploration ( Alaska ) Inc. , Exxon Mobil Corp. , Anadarko Petroleum Corp. , Chevron USA Inc. , ConocoPhillips Alaska Inc. and Shell Oil Co .
“ Democrats have repeatedly tied McCain to the oil and gas industry , ” the Center for Responsive Politics , a Washington watchdog group , said in a report .
“ Will the opposition try to cast his running mate as ‘ B - Palin´ ? ”
But her donations from the industries are just a drop in the oil barrel compared with the $ 1.5 million Mr. McCain has collected from the industries in his campaign .
Her ties to the oil and gas industries , including her husband´s employment at BP , however , hasn´t stopped her from passing legislation harmful to them .
During her first year in office , she pushed through a tax increase on oil company profits , which has given the state´s treasury a healthy bump .
At the same time , she´s a proponent for petroleum development and building a natural - gas pipeline , which the industry supports .
She´s also in favor of drilling in Alaska´s protected Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , a point on which she differs with Mr. McCain .
Her maverick reputation , as pushed by the McCain campaign , came at the hands of the oil industry , as well .
As chairwoman of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission , she exposed the ethical violations of state Republican Party Chairman Randy Ruedrich .
Mr. Ruedrich had to resign from the board and was fined $ 12,000 .
Lobbyists made up about 2 percent of total donations to her 2006 campaign for governor .
Besides oil , her lobbyist donors represent industries such as tourism , mining , fishing , real estate and labor .
But approximately 90 percent of contributions to Ms. Palin´s gubernatorial campaign came from individuals , as opposed to groups or political action committees , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Of the PAC money she did receive , much of it came from groups that represent the travel industry , including cruise companies and airlines .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- Police Sunday saw little disruption prior to a Republican National Convention greatly scaled back due to Hurricane Gustav .
Protesters march before the Republican National Convention Sunday .
The protest was peaceful , police say .
" Things are going as expected .
Things are going well , " Commander Doug Holtz of the St. Paul Police Department said .
The Republican convention , which begins Monday , has been designated a " national special security event , " which means the Secret Service is responsible for planning and implementing a security scheme .
But the primary responsibility for street - level security falls to the local police agencies .
St. Paul received $ 50 million in federal grant money to pay for additional security measures .
View the security plan »
The St. Paul Police Department estimated it would require $ 34 million to bring in and pay 3,500 extra officers .
The rest of the money is for training and new equipment , the department said .
Holtz , who was at the Joint Information Center set up by the Secret Service to help coordinate the activities of the various law enforcement agencies involved in securing the event , said things were relatively quiet .
Nine individuals were arrested for trying to enter a restricted area and later charged with misdemeanor trespassing , Holtz said , and eight of the nine had already been released by Sunday evening .
St. Paul has been preparing for the Republicans ' arrival for over a year , but there are still questions about whether the cities are prepared to handle the protesters who are expected to flood into the city .
St. Paul officials have planned for about 25,000 protesters , but the protest groups themselves are hoping for double that number .
Protest groups estimated similar numbers for the Democratic convention last week in Denver , Colorado , but the tens of thousands of protesters never materialized .
Holtz said one demonstration occurred Sunday without incident .
" That was peaceful , and we anticipate the other protests this week to be peaceful , " he said .
On Saturday law enforcement officers say they uncovered evidence of an anarchist conspiracy to riot and disrupt the convention during a series of pre-convention raids .
In the raids , sheriff 's deputies for Ramsey County -- which contains the convention host city of St. Paul -- arrested a number of what they described as anarchists .
They also found bricks and human waste they say was meant to be thrown at police , slingshots to launch projectiles , tacks meant to puncture tires and Molotov cocktails .
Officials say the group 's plan was to sabotage buses and block bus routes .
" One group , the RNC Welcoming Committee , is our target , " Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher said .
" It 's an anarchist group planning to commit criminal acts and harm our officers . "
But lawyers and family members for those arrested say the sheriff is overstating his case .
Dave Bickings says the charges of conspiracy against his daughter , Monica , just does n't fit .
" There is nothing here that would be a conspiracy to commit a riot .
She has been very involved in organizing protests about the RNC convention , " Bickings said .
" She is one of the main organizers , but that is very different from conspiracy to commit riot . "
Geneva Finn , a lawyer for the protesters , also said the they were not planning to do anything illegal or violent .
" Since there is no way of knowing what 's true in advance of the convention , the authorities see a danger in underestimating the potential for disruption , " he said .
On Sunday , Holtz of the St. Paul Police Department said he was unaware of any specific threat from anarchist .
CNN's Scott J. Anderson , Joe Johns and Steve Turnham contributed to this report .
All About St. Paul ( Minnesota ) • Republican National Convention • U.S. Secret Service
With his latest ad , John McCain committed a double - fraud in 30 seconds .
In a spot featuring ersatz plumber and best friend for this week Joe Wurzelbacher , McCain called Barack Obama 's tax plan for working families " welfare . "
As his duplicitous spot reveals , John McCain apparently knows very little about payroll taxes .
And as it turns out , the self - proclaimed " foot soldier in the Reagan revolution " knows even less about the earned income tax credit ( EITC ) , hailed by the Gipper himself as " the best anti-poverty , the best pro-family , the best job creation measure to come out of Congress . "
Predictably regurgitating the bogus Republican talking point proliferated by the Wall Street Journal , the Washington Times , Townhall and mouthpieces of the right , McCain claimed that Barack Obama wants to give tax cuts as welfare to the undeserving :
Leading papers call Obama 's taxes " welfare " ... " government handouts " .
Obama raises taxes on seniors , hard working families to give " welfare " to those who pay none .
Just as you suspected , Obama 's not truthful on taxes .
Of course , McCain and his acolytes are willfully wrong .
For starters , as Salon , the Washington Monthly and the New Republic among others quickly pointed out , McCain and his allies are conveniently ignoring the payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare .
Starting with the first dollar they earn , American workers pay the 6.2 % Social Security tax ( on income up to $ 97,000 ) and another 1.45 % for Medicare .
An analysis by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center concluded , " three quarters of filers pay more in payroll taxes than in income taxes . "
And as Robert Gordon and James Kvaal noted at TNR :
" It is true that Obama has proposed several tax credits that include families who earn too little to owe income taxes , a group that include about half of families with children .
But many of these families work and pay thousands of dollars in other taxes .
For example , a family of four must earn about $ 25,000 before owing income taxes -- but they must pay payroll taxes on the first dollar they earn .
Indeed , Obama 's biggest refundable credit is designed to cushion the blow of payroll taxes . "
Which brings us to the second part of McCain 's fraudulent charge .
That millions of hard working American families pay no income taxes is due in large measure to the Earned Income Tax Credit .
Created in 1975 , the EITC " a refundable federal income tax credit for low - income working individuals and families " that results in a tax refund to those who claim and qualify for the credit when the EITC exceeds the amount of taxes owed .
As the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities detailed in 2005 , the EITC has not only been extremely successful in reducing poverty , it has enjoyed broad bipartisan support :
The Earned Income Tax Credit has been found to produce substantial increases in employment and reductions in welfare receipt among single parents , as well as large decreases in poverty .
Research indicates that families use the EITC to pay for necessities , repair homes and vehicles that are needed to commute to work , and in some cases , to help boost their employability and earning power by obtaining additional education or training .
The EITC has enjoyed substantial bipartisan support .
President Reagan , President George H. W. Bush , and President Clinton all praised it and proposed expansions in it , and economists across the political spectrum - including conservative economists Gary Becker ( a Nobel laureate ) and Robert Barro , among others - have lauded it .
Not all conservatives , of course , have been so receptive to the notion of encouraging work .
As the New Republic reminded voters , McCain and his right - wing water carriers are just channeling decades - old animus in perpetuating this bogus stereotype :
But McCain is echoing Phil Gramm's and Newt Gingrich 's old claim here that tax credits for low - income workers amount to welfare .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page charmingly referred to people too poor to pay income taxes as " lucky duckies . "
Despite the Wall Street Journal 's best myth - making , Barack Obama 's proposed tax credits - for college tuition , for day care , extra mortgage interest , for savings , for fuel efficient cars , etc. – in no way resemble George McGovern 's proposed $ 1,000 grants in 1972 .
And to be sure , the Journal and John McCain alike are misleading voters with the demonstrably false claim about Obama 's tax credits that " they are an income transfer -- a federal check -- from taxpayers to nontaxpayers . "
So much for straight talk .
The public got a bglimpse of an unedited report on Bear Stearns failure because Senator Charles Grassley put the full version on the Internet briefly .
The official version had significant deletions .
From Bloomberg ( hat tip reader Alex ) :
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher
Cox ’s regulators stood by as shrinking capital ratios and growing subprime holdings led to the collapse of Bear Stearns Cos. , according to an unedited version of a study by the agency ’s inspector general .
The report , by Inspector General H. David Kotz , was requested by Senator Charles Grassley to examine the role of regulators prior to the firm ’s collapse in March .
Before it was released to the public on Sept. 26 , Kotz deleted 136 references , many detailing SEC memos , meetings or comments , at the request of the agency ’s Division of Trading and Markets that oversees investment banks .
“ People can judge for themselves , but it sure looks like the SEC did n’t want the public to know about the red flags it apparently ignored in allowing Bear Stearns and other investment banks to engage in excessively risky behavior , ” the Iowa Republican said in an e-mailed statement .
The report , by Inspector General H. David Kotz , was requested by Senator Charles Grassley to examine the role of regulators prior to the firm ’s collapse in March .
Before it was released to the public on Sept. 26 , Kotz deleted 136 references , many detailing SEC memos , meetings or comments , at the request of the agency ’s Division of Trading and Markets that oversees investment banks … .
“ People can judge for themselves , but it sure looks like the SEC did n’t want the public to know about the red flags it apparently ignored in allowing Bear Stearns and other investment banks to engage in excessively risky behavior , ” the Iowa Republican said in an e-mailed statement … .
The SEC , which governed the firm along with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority , “ failed to carry out its mission in the oversight of Bear Stearns , ” the agency said in both versions of the report .
We try not to tease you with concepts too often , but this Ferrari V4 superbike by Israeli industrial designer Amir Glinik is just too beautiful to pass up .
Packed with a modified engine from a Ferrari Enzo , hand controls from a F - 16 fighter jet and buttons from a Formula 1 race car , there 's not much in the world of badass that has n't been centrifuged into the design .
Under the hood :
Advertisement
" As far as how fast it goes and how much the bike would cost , we can only speculate about very big numbers in both cases , " Glinik says .
Cold , Glinik .
Cold .
[ Industrial & Art via Luxist ]
WASHINGTON , Oct 6 : The United States said on Monday it ’s “ very supportive ” of an Afghan reconciliation effort that could bring the Taliban back into the government in Kabul after severing their ties with Al Qaeda .
A CNN report claimed that the Taliban had already agreed to dump Al Qaeda , a militant group the United States blames for sponsoring the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the United States .
“ We ’re very supportive of an Afghan reconciliation programme , ” US State Department ’s deputy spokesman Robert Wood told a briefing in Washington .
The State Department official also made it clear that the US had only two preconditions : renunciation of violence and adherence to the Afghan Constitution .
“ And , in fact , the Afghan government has outlined criteria for that programme , which we fully support , one of which is renouncing violence , the second , adherence to the constitution , ” he said .
Mr Wood emphasised that the talks would not affect “ a long - term US goal ” to try to build up the Afghan army .
“ It ’s important that Afghans be able to take on security responsibility for themselves , ” he said .
US military commanders have acknowledged that there ’s no military solution to the Afghan conflict .
In a recent testimony before the House Armed Services Committee , chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen restated his concern that the military effort alone could not bring peace to Afghanistan .
“ Afghanistan does n’t just need more boots on the ground . …
I ’m not convinced we ’re winning it in Afghanistan , ” he said .
Brigadier Mark Carleton - Smith , commander of Britain ’s 16 Air Assault Brigade , which had just completed its second tour in Afghanistan , told the Sunday Times this weekend that people should “ lower their expectations ” about how the conflict would end .
He also said they should prepare for a possible deal with the Taliban .
Diplomatic sources here claimed that while the Afghan government had long advocated talks with the Taliban , a mounting death toll among coalition troops and a worsening violence inside Afghanistan forced the Americans to involve Saudi Arabia in the talks .
The Taliban agreed to participate because they also believed that they could not win a war against the US - led coalition , sources said .
THEY WERE LAUGHING AT HIM , NOT WITH HIM ….
Time ’s Amy Sullivan has a fascinating report on a focus group in Denver last night , hosted by Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg , which offers a helpful glimpse at how some voters perceived the final presidential debate .
In politics it is generally not considered a good sign when voters are laughing at you , not with you .
And by the end of the third and last presidential debate , the undecided voters who had gathered in Denver for Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg ’s focus group were “ audibly snickering ” at John McCain ’s grimaces , eye - bulging , and repeated references to “ Joe the Plumber . ”
The group of 50 uncommitted voters should have at least been receptive to McCain — Republicans and Independents outnumbered Democrats in the group by almost 4 to 1 , and they started the evening with much warmer responses to McCain than to his Democratic opponent , Barack Obama .
But by the time it was all over , so few of them had declared their support for McCain that there were n’t enough for Greenberg to separate them into a post - debate focus group .
Meanwhile , the Obama supporters had to assemble in two different rooms to keep their discussion groups manageable .
In a room in a swing state where Dems were heavily outnumbered , that ’s not exactly what the McCain campaign was hoping for in the final debate of the season .
As for Obama , he continued to win over undecided voters on critical questions :
Does he have what it takes to be president ?
A 38/50 split flipped to 56/34 .
Can voters trust him to make the right decisions ?
Obama rose from 30 /50 to 48/40 .
Is he best equipped to handle the economic crisis ?
Voters split evenly between the two candidates at the start preferred Obama by 30 points by the end of the night .
Perhaps most significant was Obama ’s success in reassuring voters that he understands who they are and what matters to them .
He went from a 16 - point to a 24 - point advantage on “ Is he on your side ? ” and made similar gains on the question of whether he would “ bring the right kind of change , ” from a 18 to 38 - point advantage .
And while the two candidates were even on the question of “ who shares your values ? ” at the beginning of the debate , Obama held a 24 - point lead by the end .
McCain entered the night badly in need of a big win .
If this focus group is any indication , McCain instead suffered another big setback .
Star Trek is currently in a creative death spiral .
Star Wars has entered said death spiral .
I voted for none , but I figure Dr Who probably has the best chance of survival as the Dr can change ( but I do n't know how they 'll get around the 13 doctuhs limitation ( and they will . ) )
I personally would be disappointed in the human race if any of my grand kids watched the exact same shit I did .
Means that we did not advance culturally ( or we 're in the damned Matrix . )
Creative destruction if you will .
Creativity must build upon what was once before with new ideas , not recycle shit over and over again .
Click to viewWhether you 've been sent a simple ZIP archive , you need to create and share your own compressed files , or you 're staring down the barrel of some obscure archive format you 've never seen before , having the right file compression application in your corner is a must .
Earlier this week we asked you to share your favorite file compression tool , and over 500 comments later , we 're back with the five most popular answers .
Read on for a closer look at the five best file compression tools , then get ready to punch the chad for the app you like best .
Advertisement
Advertisement
7 - Zip is a free , open - source file archive utility with a spare interface but powerful feature set .
With support for most popular compression formats ( and quite a few not - so - popular ) , this lightweight , open source option does the job quickly and without fuss .
While some 7 - Zip users complain about its spare interface , others are happy with 7 - Zip 's no -nonsense approach and fast operation .
IZArc ( Windows , Freeware )
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
IZArc is the compression tool that may take home the prize for most - supported read and write formats for this Hive Five .
IZArc is also the only featured archiver apart from PeaZip that distributes a portable version on their web site ( though third parties have made other apps portable — like 7 - Zip Portable ) .
Users go for IZArc for its attractive interface and its low pricetag .
IZArc is freeware , but donations are accepted .
WinRAR ( Windows , Shareware )
Advertisement
WinRAR is a powerful file compression and decompression tool that 's been around since 1993 .
As the first result in a Google search for RAR , it 's probably the first option most of us stumbled onto when we ran into our first RAR file .
That said , WinRAR supports a wide range of formats .
It 's also one of the few archivers capable of writing RAR archives — though overall it 's limited to creating only RARs or ZIPs .
WinRAR costs a pretty steep $ 29 for a license , but several users are happy to suffer through the nag screens to avoid the cost .
PeaZip ( Windows and Linux , Free )
Advertisement
PeaZip is a free and open - source archive manager that supports a boatload of formats .
Unlike its open - source sister , 7 - Zip , PeaZip also has a very attractive interface , from the main application interface down to the desktop icons it uses when you set it as your default compression tool .
Like IZArc , it 's also available in a portable version — so even if you do n't go with it for your default , it 's worth tossing on your thumb drive just in case you need a little compression on the road .
The Unarchiver ( Mac OS X , Freeware )
Advertisement
The Unarchiver is the built - in default file compression utility for Mac OS X. Unlike Windows , which only supports the ZIP format out - of - the - box , The Unarchiver handles most major formats .
The catch : The Unarchiver is a read - only application , so if you 're on a Mac and you want to write to more obscure archive types than ZIP , you may need to add an extra tool to your arsenal .
Most OS
X users , however , are happy to stick with The Unarchiver for all their decompression needs .
Now that you 've seen the best , it 's voting time .
Advertisement
This week 's honorable mentions go out to jZip and ALZip .
Whether or not your app of choice made the short list , let 's hear more about it in the comments .
Kucinich calls for probe of bonuses for Wall Street aid recipients RAW STORY
Published : Sunday October 19 , 2008
Print This Email This Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) has called for a probe into $ 70 billion worth of pay deals planned for employees of failed banking firms receiving government aid .
Kucinich said Sunday that he was directing his staff to immediately probe Wall Street firms that have received any portion of the $ 700 billion bailout plan recently passed by Congress , in response to a recent report by The Guardian outlining the firms ' dramatic drops in revenue , but not in executive compensation .
That Friday report showed that over $ 70 billion was to be allocated towards pay deals , including discretionary bonuses , at firms such as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup .
" When Congress placed restrictions on excessive executive pay , it had no intention of permitting business as usual with respect to bonus structures , " Kucinich said .
" It would add insult to injury to ask taxpayers not only to bailout a firm , but to pay for bonuses as well .
The Guardian 's report necessitates an immediate inquiry . "
From Conservapedia
The terms freethought and freethinkers are oxymorons .
Freethinker is a pretentious moniker that atheists / agnostics have dubbed themselves ( See : Atheism and arrogance ) .
Research indicates that atheists are less open - minded ( see : Atheism and open - mindedness ) .
There is no atheists / agnostics who are freethinkers .
Jesus said , " He who sins is the slave of sin " .
See also : Atheism and morality and Atheist population and immorality
Jonathan Sarfati wrote : " We must also wonder why atheists call themselves ‘ freethinkers ’ if they believe thoughts are the results of atomic motion in the brain obeying the fixed laws of chemistry .
By their own philosophy , they ca n’t help what they believe ! [ 1 ]
In addition , the atheist worldview has a number of beliefs that atheists commonly share ( see : Atheism and beliefs ) .
Furthermore , most atheists fall on the left end of the political spectrum ( see : Atheism and politics and Secular left ) .
Atheism and dogmatism
Research indicates that atheists are more likely to be dogmatic ( see : Atheism and dogmatism and Atheism and open - mindedness ) .
Atheists and groupthink
See also : Atheism and groupthink
Groupthink is a psychological phenomenon that occurs within a group of individuals in which the quest for harmony / conformity within the group results in irrational and / or poor decision - making .
There are a number of notable cases of atheists engaging in groupthink ( see : Atheism and groupthink ) .
See also
I love making software ; I ’m a techie geek .
I ’ve also always been interested in running and owning a business – an aspiring businessman .
Right now , though , I ’m employed .
And I ’ve learned there is always an infuriating tension between the technical people and the business people – infuriating to everyone on both sides of the divide .
If you ’ve ever worked for a company that did n’t consist of only one of the two mindsets – technical or business – all throughout , from worker bee to head honcho , then you know exactly what I ’m talking about .
Like - minded people gather at happy hours or private meetings spewing all their complaints and frustrations caused by the other side .
The business insists we keep adding new features without refactoring .
Arrrgh ! … or …
Software dev just wo n’t hire enough people .
Why ?!
Others nod their heads in agreement .
It ’s eventually followed by a few seconds of silence before someone finally says , “ well , enough venting … ” Everyone pushes on , now with slightly more frustration , slightly more dissatisfaction , and slightly more apathy than before .
This is just the start .
These kinds of disagreements go on for years without ever getting resolved .
They inevitably increase the amount of politics that come into play when decisions get made , which is detrimental to the organization as a whole .
What starts out as a decision about whether or not to start a new project becomes a power struggle between egos .
Not to mention the underlying dissatisfaction and eventual misery of the people working there who feel powerless to change anything for the better .
The divide is so bad that two people on either side ca n’t see eye - to - eye on anything .
They even refer to the other group as a separate entity – “ the business ” or “ the board ” or “ software dev ” – as opposed to “ Brett and Diane ” , the actual team members .
Not only is this dehumanizing , promoting the us - against - them mentality , but it does n’t hold the actual people responsible accountable for their actions .
It ’s the fault of “ the people upstairs ” or “ the dark side of the building ” .
Instead of working towards fixing the problem , it blames entire departments , and most of them are just along for the ride when a manager makes a bad decision .
Even though both technical and business people alike are ( usually ) striving for the same goal , they are divided on their belief of method that will achieve that goal .
And this , over anything else , is the reason the divide exists .
This deep - rooted difference in belief is how to achieve passive income .
The Passive Income Mecca
Active income is income based on a per hour or per year rate .
Anyone employed to work at an hourly wage or on salary is making active income .
Once that person stops working , he or she stops getting paid .
Period .
In geek terms , I = wh , where I is income , w is income per hour , and h is the number of hours worked .
When h is 0 , so is income .
Passive income , on the other hand , is income that does not depend on the amount of time you work .
A writer like Stephen King can write a book once ( a fixed cost ) , sell it , and collect royalties for each copy sold .
The more copies sold , the more income he gets ( variable income ) .
Although the amount of income might depend on how good the book is , it does not depend on how much time Stephen King spent writing the book – how much time he actually spent working , h .
That ’s passive income .
In the world of money - making , everyone is striving for sustainable passive income .
If you suddenly become ill or get into an accident that makes you unable to work , and your only income is active , you ’re screwed .
How will you pay for dinner ?
How will you buy those 2 - hundred - dollar designer - jeans for your teenager ?
Not to mention the health - care bills accumulating as a result .
The solution : passive income .
With passive income , it does n’t matter if you ’re lying in bed , surfing in Hawaii , site - seeing in Europe , or getting a lap - dance in Tokyo .
The money keeps rolling in , thanks to the hard work of tens , hundreds , or even thousands of others dependent on active income .
( Those suckers ! )
Now , the divide between technical - minded and business - minded people is in what they believe is the best way to obtain passive income .
I ’m Right
For technical people , they know computers .
They know software .
Given the right resources , they can make a computer do anything – anywhere , anytime .
Their deep - rooted belief is that passive income can be achieved by writing software once ( a fixed cost ) and distributing it to millions who each pay a fee ( variable income ) .
For business people , they know cashflow .
They know the symbiotic relationship between employees and business owners .
And in this day and age , there will always be people looking for jobs .
Given the right resources , they can employ people to do anything – anywhere , anytime .
Their deep - rooted belief is that passive income can be achieved by creating a repeatable business process once ( a fixed cost ) and teaching it to thousands who each execute the process ( bringing in variable income ) .
What technical - minded and business - minded people are doing is essentially the same .
What differs is their belief in what scales .
The differing belief is due to their experiences .
Technical people believe they can make computers do anything because there has never been a time when this was n’t the case for them .
Every computer mindlessly executes instructions , so if you can obtain a computer and specify those instructions , it will do whatever you want .
If it was a problem with software outside of a technical person ’s control , there was always the possibility of re-writing the software in - house , so those situations do n’t count .
Business people , on the other hand , believe they can make people do anything because there has never been a time when this was n’t the case for them .
People need money .
So if you pay them , the market dictates a fair trade , and they will do whatever you want .
If there was ever a problem with an employee not being able to do a job , there was always the possibility of replacing that employee with another more skilled , more teachable person , so those situations do n’t count .
Each group grew up with its own viewpoint and believes its method is superior .
So neither group bothers to learn the other side ’s perspective .
The dispute rages on .
You ’re Wrong
Likewise , due to differing experiences , each group believes the other group is mistaken .
In the technical sphere , the amount of overhead ( variable cost ) of hiring a person – not to mention laying off or firing – is seen as huge compared to the overhead of distributing another copy of software or adding another server .
And this alone is reason enough .
But on top of that , 80 % of all problems are human error .
Someone typed in the wrong command , someone clicked the wrong button , or someone loaded the wrong file .
The software was not to blame ; a person told the computer to do the wrong thing .
And so , technical people – as a direct result of their vast amount of experiences – believe that people do not scale .
It does n’t matter how detailed your process is – someone , at some time , is going to forget a step .
They ’re going to forget to make a backup copy .
They ’re going to forget to update 1 of the 13 places to change the current date .
They ’re human ; it ’s expected .
Computers , on the other hand , if there ’s one thing they ’re good at , it ’s being consistent .
Developers can test and debug software ahead of time to make sure it follows the process before going live in a production environment .
It does n’t matter how long a person has been doing something , though .
To not expect a person to make mistakes is naive .
So people do not scale .
However , in the business realm , not only is development of technology extremely costly , it is extremely costly to maintain .
Although the technology may improve productivity in certain use cases , there are inevitably “ edge cases ” that the technology does n’t handle .
I use quotes because the edge cases actually happen all the time when you ’re doing it as often as a big business does ( kind of like those race - conditions in multi- threaded software ) .
So you need people to know the business process anyway to handle the cases that the software does n’t handle .
By introducing technology , you ’re increasing the number of things a person has to learn before he or she can be productive , thus increasing costs .
Business people – as a direct result of their vast amount of experiences – believe that software does not scale .
Technology systems inevitably become so complex trying to handle all the edge cases that fewer and fewer people are able to effectively maintain them , and that maintenance gets slower and slower as time goes on , experts leave the company , etc. , etc .
So any software written in - house is a liability .
It ’s on the business to shell out resources regularly just to stay afloat .
On top of all that , there ’s no such thing as bug - free software .
To expect to write software once and forget about it is naive .
So software does not scale .
People - Farming
Employees are effectively a business ’s server farm .
A job is shipped out to the server farm , the job owner queries the farm for status from time to time , and the results get shipped back to the job owner .
The farm is compensated for the amount of CPU time the job took ( via wages ) , but any and all profits resulting from the computation ( the fruit of the actual labor ) are owned by the job owner .
That ’s right .
Business people treat employees the same way technical people treat hardware .
The process is written in English or German or Chinese instead of C or Java or Lisp so that the number of people who can interpret / execute the process is maximized .
This is also the reason why big businesses will always prefer languages designed for the masses like Java over languages designed for smart people like Lisp .
Java coders are more interchangeable and come significantly closer to the theoretical limit of a code - monkey – basically a slave that outputs working software .
Ironically , each group wishes for more of what the other wishes they had less of in terms of smart people who think outside the box versus those who put their head down and follow a process as they are told .
In the technology sphere and with software especially , it ’s completely up to your imagination – practically anything that can be coded goes .
Non-technical people tend to have a huge misconception that programming is purely methodical and mechanical .
This could n’t be further from the truth .
Programming takes a huge amount of creativity , arguably more creativity than what people normally think of when they think of art .
Ask any programmer with a passion for the field and he or she will tell you that programming is an art .
As a result , the best of the best – giants like Google and Microsoft – are notorious for hiring based on puzzles and brainteasers .
People who do n’t think outside the box , do n’t come up with creative solutions , do n’t think abstractly – not only do they make sub - par programmers , but they pull the rest of the team down drastically .
It ’s like if the Pittsburgh Steelers have an amazing defense , but they pickup a lousy cornerback .
Not only will this position suffer due to his lower skill , but the rest of the team will perform worse because they will constantly have to worry about covering what the cornerback can’t and chasing down the offense that breaks through the cornerback ’s defense .
The rest of the team tires more quickly , and their attention is spread thin over a larger area , all to make up for the below - average draft .
In software , it ’s the same .
Lower skilled developers introduce bugs that have to be fixed by higher - skilled team members .
Time is now spent fixing bugs that could have been spent making new bells and whistles .
But it ’s actually much much worse than that .
Even poorly - written code that does not have bugs , per sé , can hurt the team in the long - run .
Highly skilled developers make development look easy because of foresight .
They know what problems will eventually arise , and so , they write code that is easier to extend , easier to change , easier to test , and easier to fix .
On the other hand , less skilled developers do n’t have the foresight to do such things , and their code becomes a detriment to the entire team , invisibly incurring technical debt .
It wo n’t show , perhaps , until years down the road after they have long quit the company , as other developers must spend valuable time learning and adapting the code .
And this is why technical people would rather not hire anyone than hire someone below their standard – in direct opposition to the business - minded idea of scaling .
In the business realm , they see things differently .
Although you may need extremely bright people to do R&D , only the richest companies have enough capital to spend on R&D .
Your typical company has little need for brilliant ( and expensive ) people .
On top of this , people who are hired to execute the business process are , more times than not , better for the organization when they do n’t think too far outside the box .
If they do , they end up by - passing the well - thought - out process which has been proven over the years to work ( like code that ’s been tested ) , and instead , fly by the seat of their pants , taking unnecessary risk .
If the process does n’t handle something , it should be brought to the attention of upper - management who can modify the process to fit the business needs .
Bringing these issues to the attention of management should also be part of the process , so nothing ever strays outside the process .
If one brilliant employee is doing something outside the process , then when he or she gets hit by a bus ( or more likely , leaves the company for a startup ) , the company will fall apart because no one else knows what the brilliant employee was doing , let alone how he or she was doing it .
Single points of failure are an absolute no - no when it comes to scaling .
And let ’s face it , creativity is hard .
Not everyone can be creative .
An organization is much more likely to survive having a simple , repeatable process that can be taught to anyone , not just your Sergey Brins .
If something happens to any one person , the organization as a whole can move on , the same way a biological organism losing a few skin- cells scraping its knee on the sidewalk can just get right up again .
It ’s like if one server started ignoring the code a programmer wrote because it discovered a “ better ” way of doing things .
If that way were proven to be correct , like compiler optimizations , fine .
But as far as we ’re concerned , it has n’t been proven at all and it ca n’t be copied to other servers , so we ’re better off without the dependency .
So yes , there is actually a reason for those TPS reports , and I wonder what Office Space would look like if it were told from the business people ’s perspective .
Basically what this comes down to is that all technical people are creating new processes all the time , usually in the form of software , so those people have to be smart and creative .
When technical people gather requirements , what they ’re doing is market research , aka marketing .
They then architect a process that computers will eventually execute .
On the other hand , only business people in upper - management ever create processes , and they have an entire department to do marketing for them .
Those at the “ bottom ” of the hierarchy are only supposed to execute processes like a machine .
An Organization ’s Combined Hierarchy An Organization ’s Combined Hierarchy
Put another way , software developers in the technical world are doing the same thing that upper - management is in the business world .
The only difference is what executes the processes they create – either computers or people .
Middle - managers , on the other hand , are only hired to execute processes , and yet , they ’re telling software developers who create processes what to do .
It ’s as if technical people and business people are at the top of two completely different hierarchies that get connected by middle - managers , allowing each group to abstract away part of a complete sustainable organization .
But instead of the two hierarchies being equal peers , the technical hierarchy gets pushed to the bottom because of its lack of understanding of ( social ) networking and cashflow .
They get lumped in with the crops , when they ’re really running their own farm .
So when it comes to scaling , which group is really right ?
Resolve
Actually , both groups are right .
And at the same time , both groups are wrong .
Both perspectives have really good points that the other group simply does n’t get , even after recurring time and time again in the industry .
At the same time , both groups have huge misconceptions about how fool - proof their method to passive income is .
Technology like software can be extremely costly to maintain .
Thus , making technology easy to maintain – i.e. making variable costs as close to zero as possible – is one of the most important jobs of developers creating it .
People will always be needed to maintain it .
On the flip side , business people need to place more emphasis on hiring and keeping highly - skilled technical people who reduce variable costs , as they are essentially as vital as upper - management .
Servers are simply different kinds of employees that do n’t ask for benefits .
In the end , I think this is yet another example of one of the re-occurring themes of the Universe : neither one extreme nor its polar opposite is the answer .
Instead , the best solution is some kind of hybrid that takes advantage of strengths of both sides .
Just look at the greats .
Bill Gates started out on the technical side – like me , an interpreter - writer – but eventually leveraged the business side to build one of the most successful software companies in the world , not to mention one of the richest .
Those who can master both sides will rise above the rest .
As for easing the tension between technical and business types …
If I had one piece of advice for technical people to work better with business people , I would say , talk to business people in terms they can relate to .
They do n’t care about how the NullPointerException is triggering deadlocks in parallel at runtime between cache - misses .
They care about resources spent or saved , features being shipped , and how fast they can be shipped .
At a company whose output is n’t technology , when it comes down to it , you are just a service - provider to them .
Instead of thinking of your software as the end product , think of the end product as your service of writing the software .
When you order pizza from Papa John ’s and ask them how long it ’s going to take , you do n’t care about problems they have cooking pizzas in parallel because one oven is broken .
You want to know when your pizza will be ready because you ’re hungry god damn it !
And when it comes to software , it ’s no different .
If you ’re striving to create the best pizza man has ever seen , either keep it to yourself or work at a place that shares your dream .
Last but not least , read some books on social interaction and sales , and practice what you learn .
Non-technical people do n’t understand what you do , so it ’s up to you to convince them of your value .
If I had one piece of advice for business people to work better with technical people , I would say , ask technical people to explain things in terms you can relate to .
They think that once the NullPointerException triggering the deadlocks in parallel at runtime between cache - misses is fixed , everything will be fine .
To them , what that mouthful is is obvious , and they ca n’t imagine it not being obvious .
They also think that once all the details are specified , the big picture is immediately clear , and you ca n’t blame them considering that ’s how computers work .
They simply do n’t know what you do n’t know .
Swallow your pride and ask them to explain things in terms you actually care about , and the sensible technical people gladly will .
It ’s not really a matter of having them come “ down ” to your level as “ up ” to the big picture .
Last but not least , learn about technical debt and accept the fact that revisiting working technology is necessary to paying it off .
Building software is different than building a car , and it requires different approaches .
Technical people only respect merit and ability .
If you ’re not interested in learning what they do , at least learn how to recognize value when you see it and not fight against them in trying to approach it .
Questions
Not everyone is cut out to run a business .
It ’s a lot of work , and not everyone wants to do that .
The majority of people are the worker - bee type who enjoy having a stable income with a regular 9 to 5 schedule to get up and go to the office .
From the business perspective , business owners are doing these people a huge favor by providing this environment for them .
In return , employees are effectively the business ’s server farm .
As I described before , businesses treat people as hardware .
They ship employees a job , the employees do the job , and the results get shipped back .
Java coders , as opposed to Lisp coders , are more desirable because they are more expendable and come significantly closer to the theoretical limit of a code - monkey – a slave that outputs software .
All profit and assets like intellectual property , regardless of who did the work , by law , are owned by the business owner .
The employees themselves sign all the necessary papers when they take the job .
This begs the question : is employment slavery ?
I think the answer is not so clear .
It ’s like asking , is it wrong to take something from someone if that person wants to give it to you ?
Usually we call that a gift .
Employees seek out jobs and complain when there are few available ; so they must want to be employed , right ?
Additionally , employees always have the option to quit ; they ’re not being held captive in any way , and they ’re never physically forced to do anything .
But somehow , this does n’t seem right .
If you ask an employee why he gets up so early to commute to work during rush hour , he probably wo n’t say that he does it because he likes it .
He will probably say : because he has to .
It is hardly a “ gift ” to spend all day , every day , working hard , spending time away from family and friends just so that a business owner , who he probably never even met , can get rich .
It ’s more like exploitation with no hope of ever breaking free .
9 to 5 till 65 , as they say .
And as for not being held captive , most employees will tell you how they ’ve felt trapped at one point in their career or another .
Others will tell you how they ’ve feared losing their job .
A few describe work life as torture , being confined to a cube where if they fall asleep , they lose their job and thus their home .
Even though they ’re not being physically forced into labor , it ’s effectively the same through indirect blackmail .
For most , they depend on the income from their job so much that their employer might as well be their master and they the slave .
It ’s obvious to fresh graduates joining the workforce for the first time .
But as years go by and responsibilities like supporting a family and paying a mortgage build up , increasing their dependence on their employer , any aspirations of freedom are slowly forgotten .
In a society where 90 % of all people are employees who inherit debt from their kin , not assets , the entire concept of financial freedom is alien .
All this – in the land of the free .
I ’m honestly not blaming business owners for attempting to be slave drivers .
In societies where slavery is acceptable – this one – it ’s much more desirable to be a master than a slave .
We are all at fault for allowing it at all .
Employment being comparable to slavery is a much larger issue with society not educating the poor - and middle - classes about cashflow , which , by the way , will eventually lead to a greater and greater divide between the haves and have - nots , until the pressure builds up enough for revolution .
You mean history repeat itself ?
Nah , that could n’t happen …
Regardless of whether that happens , though , I believe exploitation is wrong .
Each worker should own a piece of the fruit of his or her labor and profit from it .
Arguably , having small companies like startups where every worker is a partial owner is the only right way of doing things .
But this does n’t seem to scale .
If only there were a way to accurately measure the value a worker was really contributing …
Is there a way ?
What is it ?
Investors reading this , looking for a bargain ?
I ’m interested in funding .
jtran@alumni.cmu.edu
We 've had our issues with Tom Brokaw in the past , but today he was dead on today in his interview of John McCain , holding the candidate 's feet to the fire .
Earlier we showed how he hammered McCain on the reality of his position in the polls .
In this mashup , Brokaw plays two clips , one of McCain in 2000 explicitly voicing his support for increasing taxes on the wealthy , and another from 2004 when he defended his opposition to Bush 's tax cuts on the grounds that they disproportionately benefited the wealthy .
When McCain tries to weasel his way out by claiming Herbert Hoover was the last person to raise taxes during a recession , Brokaw is quick to point out that his hero Ronald Reagan actually raised taxes in his first two years .
Needless to say McCain bumbles and stumbles in the face of reality .
SEN .
McCAIN : The last time a president of the United States that did that was a guy named Herbert Hoover , protectionism and raising taxes .
MR .
BROKAW : Well , Ronald Reagan raised taxes as well , after the first two years in office .
SEN .
McCAIN : Not in these times .
Not in times -- not in economic times like these .
MR .
BROKAW : Well , right after the recession he did , in the first two years of his office .
SEN .
McCAIN : Well , look , I would be glad to review the Reagan record , but the Reagan record was certainly one that reined in spending .
This is the story of a man known online as Flash  a man driven to the brink of suicide by the debilitating effects of cluster headaches .
After years of ineffectual treatments , Flash stumbled on what he declared was a new treatment , as controversial as it was , he claimed , effective : hallucinogenic drugs .
Flash was ridiculed by the cluster headache community for his " miracle cure " .
But when a survey of fellow sufferers who self - medicated with hallucinogens was published in the mainstream journal Neurology , the results gave weight to his claims .
The Harvard Medical School scientists who conducted the survey have now applied for a preliminary clinical trial on the subject .
Mystery Science
Theater 3000 is 20 years old , and Shout Factory is celebrating the birth of television ’s favorite cow - town puppet show with a four - DVD set .
The new collection , released Tuesday , includes four fan - favorite episodes , plus essential extras that track the show ’s rise from local Minnesota TV show to international cult classic .
Through several incarnations , MST3 K took what many folks do while watching bad movies at home and made it into an entertainment phenomenon .
The show unfurled the worst movies available while a man marooned in space cracked wise about the cinematic missteps with his two homemade robot companions , Crow T. Robot and Tom Servo .
It was a beautifully simple premise that built up a global fan base during its 10 years on The Comedy Channel , Comedy Central and the Sci Fi Channel .
The new Mystery Science Theater 3000 : 20th Anniversary DVD collection selects four episodes from the series : " First Spaceship on Venus , " featuring show creator Joel Hodgson as host ; " Werewolf " ( see clip , embedded below ) ; " Laserblast " ; and " Future War , " with later host and head writer Michael J. Nelson .
The limited - edition , $ 70 set comes in a metal gift box with four custom lobby cards and a Crow T. Robot figurine .
" I ’m delighted that people still seek out the show , " Nelson ( pictured ) told
Wired.com .
" It ’s something I do n’t think any of us could have predicted
— that 20 years later there would still be a following for our
Midwest - produced , extremely low - budget , sci - fi comedy / puppet show . "
The four episodes are cool , but what makes the new DVD set a must - buy for fans of the show are the special video features looking at MST3 K ‘s history and production .
The folks at Shout Factory spread out a comprehensive history of the show ’s conception , creation and legacy across three of the set ’s discs .
The show ’s entire cast ( including Hodgson , Nelson , Trace Beaulieu , J. Elvis Weinstein , Kevin Murphy , Bill Corbett , Mary Jo Pehl , Frank Conniff , Paul Chaplain , Bridget Jones Nelson and producer Jim Mallon ) offers remembrances from MST3 K ‘s run .
Their natural personalities on camera offer a good idea why the show worked so well .
They all seem like well - grounded folks .
From his home in Minnesota , Corbett ( Crow T. Robot , Mark II ) speculated on why the show worked so well then and lives on to this day : " Why are people still into MST3K 20 years after it debuted , and nearly 10 years since we filmed a new episode ?
MST3K was intelligent , but not pretentious , " he said .
" It was playful , but not juvenile .
It was sharp , but not mean - spirited .
It was quirky and original , but not snobbish .
And it was always funny .
Cripes , it was funny .
" All that , plus people in silly costumes , jumping around with puppets .
I felt privileged to be a part of it . "
The fourth DVD offers the complete reunion panel from this year ’s Comic - Con International , hosted by Patton Oswalt .
It was the first time the casts mingled since Nelson , Murphy and Corbett started one MST3 K spinoff ( RiffTrax ) and Hodgson , Beaulieu , Weinstein , Pehl and Conniff started another ( Cinematic Titanic ) .
As the video shows , everyone got along like old times , and the fans ate it up .
Reminiscing on the show and the panel , Conniff said , " To know that I am a part of something that seems to be of lasting value is a very nice feeling .
I feel very lucky that around 20 years ago , fate brought me to the same city as Joel and that vast imagination of his .
MST3K and now Cinematic Titanic continue to be a great gift in my life . "
Images courtesy Shout Factory
See also :
home > jokes >
Hugh Gallagher 's ' College Essay '
It seems that Hugh Gallagher wrote this for a national writing contest , and that an Urban Legend has since arisen that he wrote it as an actual application essay .
18 June 1998 , update .
Hugh Gallagher emailed me ( ! ) , and said : " I was happy to see my college essay on your site ( by the the way , I did send it to colleges ) " .
So that 's that Urban Legend laid to rest , then ?
He also said " ... and my first novel , Teeth , was published by Pocket Books this Spring .
...
It 's a coming of age tale about a guy with really messed up teeth , who goes travelling around the world instead of fixing his mouth . "
If it 's told with anything like the style and wit of what follows , it should be great !
3A . ESSAY : IN ORDER FOR THE ADMISSIONS STAFF OF OUR COLLEGE TO GET TO KNOW YOU , THE APPLICANT , BETTER , WE ASK THAT YOU ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTION :
ARE THERE ANY SIGNIFICANT EXPERIENCES YOU HAVE HAD , OR ACCOMPLISHMENTS YOU HAVE REALIZED , THAT HAVE HELPED TO DEFINE YOU AS A PERSON ?
I am a dynamic figure , often seen scaling walls and crushing ice .
I have been known to remodel train stations on my lunch breaks , making them more efficient in the area of heat retention .
I translate ethnic slurs for Cuban refugees , I write award - winning operas , I manage time efficiently .
Occasionally , I tread water for three days in a row .
I woo women with my sensuous and godlike trombone playing , I can pilot bicycles up severe inclines with unflagging speed , and I cook Thirty - Minute Brownies in twenty minutes .
I am an expert in stucco , a veteran in love , and an outlaw in Peru .
Using only a hoe and a large glass of water , I once single - handedly defended a small village in the Amazon Basin from a horde of ferocious army ants .
I play bluegrass cello , I was scouted by the Mets , I am the subject of numerous documentaries .
When I 'm bored , I build large suspension bridges in my yard .
I enjoy urban hang gliding .
On Wednesdays , after school , I repair electrical appliances free of charge .
I am an abstract artist , a concrete analyst , and a ruthless bookie .
Critics worldwide swoon over my original line of corduroy evening wear .
I do n't perspire .
I am a private citizen , yet I receive fan mail .
I have been caller number nine and have won the weekend passes .
Last summer I toured New Jersey with a traveling centrifugal - force demonstration .
I bat 400 .
My deft floral arrangements have earned me fame in international botany circles .
Children trust me .
I can hurl tennis rackets at small moving objects with deadly accuracy .
I once read Paradise Lost , Moby Dick , and David Copperfield in one day and still had time to refurbish an entire dining room that evening .
I know the exact location of every food item in the supermarket .
I have performed several covert operations for the CIA .
I sleep once a week ; when I do sleep , I sleep in a chair .
While on vacation in Canada , I successfully negotiated with a group of terrorists who had seized a small bakery .
The laws of physics do not apply to me .
I balance , I weave , I dodge , I frolic , and my bills are all paid .
On weekends , to let off steam , I participate in full - contact origami .
Years ago I discovered the meaning of life but forgot to write it down .
I have made extraordinary four course meals using only a mouli and a toaster oven .
I breed prizewinning clams .
I have won bullfights in San Juan , cliff - diving competitions in Sri Lanka , and spelling bees at the Kremlin .
I have played Hamlet , I have performed open - heart surgery , and I have spoken with Elvis .
But I have not yet gone to college .
Michelle Palmer and Vince Acors ' Sex on a Beach ' Fiasco in Dubai ( Photos )
A British couple were sentenced to three months in prison for having sex on a Dubai beach. , 34 , and , 36 , got jail time for their sex act and a $ 272 fine for drinking alcohol .
They will be deported immediately upon their release from prison .
The couple took a cab to Jumeirah Beach in the United Arab Emirates after enjoying too much of a good thing at a champagne brunch at their five star hotel .
The tryst occurred on July 5th in the financial hub of the Middle East , which caters to tourists and multi-billion dollar business deals .
The Islamic state expressly forbids alcohol , unmarried sex and homosexuality and that appears to be the crux of the matter .
The couple claims they were only hugging and kissing but witnesses , including a police officer , say they had sex in a lounger on the beach .
Their lawyer Hassan Mattar plans to appeal - the couple have been released on bail pending the outcome .
In the meantime , the pair have been fired from their jobs as publishing executives .
The British media has been harsh on the pair .
One news outlet wrote : " Tourists are ignoring the emirates strict Islamic laws and the outcome of this case will be a warning that such drunken behavior will not be tolerated in public . "
Consider yourself warned .
Check out the disgraced couple in our photo gallery below .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The fight for who would win Wachovia - Citigroup or Wells Fargo - heated up Sunday night .
New York State Supreme Court Justice Charles Ramos had issued an order late Saturday that temporarily blocked the merger of Wachovia with Wells Fargo .
Wachovia responded Sunday with lawsuits of its own .
In a Sunday night ruling , the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court threw out the order by Ramos , the Associated Press reported .
Citigroup said it would appeal the decision .
In a deal struck last Monday with the assistance of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , Citigroup had offered to take over Wachovia 's banking operations for $ 2.2 billion .
The deal did not include Wachovia 's asset - management or retail - brokerage units .
Four days later , Wells Fargo said it was buying all of Wachovia for approximately $ 15.1 billion in stock .
" This deal enables us to keep Wachovia intact and preserve the value of an integrated company , " Wachovia CEO Robert Steel said in a statement on Friday .
The battle also has implications for taxpayers .
The Citigroup offer had come with a backstop from the FDIC , which would cover any losses on Wachovia 's $ 300 billion loan portfolio beyond the first $ 42 billion .
The Wells offer does not ask for FDIC assistance .
In a statement on Sunday , Wachovia said the company believes its agreement with Wells Fargo is " proper , valid and ... in the best interest of shareholders , employees as well as the American taxpayers . "
Citigroup is free to make a better offer to Wachovia under that agreement , the statement said .
The fight was also waged in federal court , where Wachovia asked U.S. District Judge John Koeltl to declare invalid part of the Citigroup deal that would have restricted Wachovia from considering competing bids .
Koeltl scheduled another hearing for Tuesday so Citigroup could respond .
It was clear from documents filed in federal court Sunday that Wachovia was in considerable trouble when it agreed to the deal , the AP reported .
Wachovia disclosed that it agreed to the deal " with the understanding that a seizure of its banking assets later that day by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. would occur " unless it accepted Citigroup 's proposal .
As of Friday , Citigroup still had support of industry regulators .
" The FDIC stands behind its previously announced agreement with Citigroup , " Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairman Sheila Bair said in a statement , adding that it would pursue a resolution with all three companies .
An FDIC spokesman did not immediately return calls for comment on Sunday , the AP said .
Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) had been pressing Wachovia ( WB , Fortune 500 ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) to abandon their merger plans , arguing that it had entered into an exclusivity agreement with Wachovia .
A copy of the exclusivity agreement between Citigroup and Wachovia obtained by CNNMoney.com reveals that Wachovia had agreed not to seek out another bidder , nor to provide information or enter talks that might facilitate a rival bid .
Wells Fargo , in a statement Sunday , said it has " a firm , binding merger agreement , " the AP reported .
Why they want Wachovia
A Wells Fargo victory would transform the San Francisco - based bank , whose operations and branches are largely located in the Midwest and on the West Coast , into a dominant presence along the East Coast and in the Southeast .
Wachovia is based in Charlotte , N.C .
That would put Wells Fargo squarely in competition with the likes of JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) .
Should Wells Fargo ultimately prevail , it will control about $ 800 billion in deposits and have nearly 11,000 banking locations .
" This would represent a major strategic win for Wells Fargo , " said David Hendler , analyst with CreditSights , in a report .
If Citigroup wins , it would represent a huge step forward for the company 's retail banking aspirations , whose footprint has lagged many of its biggest rivals .
Investors cheered Citigroup 's decision last week to buy Wachovia 's banking assets .
But some observers had wondered whether Citigroup could pull off the deal since it is in the process of a major restructuring after posting close to $ 18 billion in losses over the past three quarters .
The tie - up , however , comes at a cost for Wells Fargo .
The company said it expected to incur about $ 10 billion in merger related costs .
It said it would also record Wachovia 's impaired assets at fair value , which could bring further writedowns .
Howard Atkins , Wells Fargo 's chief financial officer , said that pre-tax losses and market adjustments from Wachovia 's loan portfolio would hit $ 74 billion and the bulk of that would be written off shortly after the transaction closes .
In the wake of Friday 's news , rating agencies Standard & Poor 's and Moody 's both placed Wells Fargo on watch for a potential ratings downgrade .
Still , the company said it expected the acquisition to add to earnings in the first year of operations , adding that it planned to raise $ 20 billion , primarily through a common stock sale to help prop up its capital position .
In the last month alone , the nation 's banking industry has undergone a dramatic facelift , including the failure of Washington Mutual and its subsequent purchase by JPMorgan Chase , as well as Bank of America 's acquisition of Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) .
Republican activists are increasingly uneasy about the prospect of an Obama presidency , a loathing that is being borne out now at McCain and Palin rallies .
My colleague Amie Parnes , with the GOP ticket today in Wisconsin , sends along an exchange at a town hall meeting :
A man stood up and said , " I 'm mad .
I 'm really mad , and what 's going to surprise you , it 's not about the economy .
It 's about the socialists taking over our country . "
" When you have Obama , Pelosi and the rest of the hooligans up there gonna run this country .
We gotta have our head examined .
It 's time that you two are representing us and we are mad .
So go get 'em ! "
The crowd erupted in " USA ! USA ! USA ! " chants .
UPDATE : Words do n't do the video justice
comments closed
permalink
I just got back from the Obama rally at Civic Center Park here in Denver .
The Denver Post estimates the turnout was 100,000 people , which is really just astounding considering the total size of the city is about 550,000 people and the total size of the metro area is about 3 million .
Here 's a shot that gives you a sense of the crowd - and let me just remind you , it 's not a short distance between City Hall , where the speech was , to the steps of the state capitol :
Here 's an up close photo from the speech :
Most Americans have seen Obama speak , and millions at this point have been to his events , so I wo n't bore you with my opinion on the details of his promises ( pretty progressive ) or of the energy at the event ( high ) .
But what I will say is that while most of the rhetoric was standard Democratic stuff , what really seemed new and " transformative " ( to admittedly use a cliche description of Obama ) - what really seemed to capture those 100,000 Coloradoans ( including me ) - was his discussion about struggle .
I may be an old seadog from the many campaigns I 've worked , and I may have learned enough to not be easily mesmerized by politicians , but I will admit right here : the flash I saw from Obama at the end of his speech really blew me away .
Indeed , as he was closing his remarks , he touched on how making change is incredibly painful and incredibly grueling - and how it always has been throughout our history .
And the best part - the part where the audience was most silent and rapt - was when Obama veered off his prepared remarks and made it personal :
" Maybe some of your parents or grandparents , they were born in another country without freedom of speech or freedom of worship , but they said , you know what , we know there 's this land across the ocean called America , where it 's a land of opportunity and a land of freedom , and we 're willing to take the risk to travel to that place to create a better future for our children and grandchildren .
In this audience , there are people whose parents or grandparents could n't cast a vote , but they said to themselves you know , maybe my child or grandchild , if we march , if we struggle , maybe they may be able to run for the United States Senate , maybe they might run for the Presidency of the United States of America . "
Those references to the courage of immigrants and the civil rights movement are clearly personal to Obama , and they are rarely voiced in Colorado politics - an arena that has often been about bashing immigrants .
That he departed from his prepared text to talk about those issues , and tied them to a discussion about how difficult change is - well , it suggests that very " transformative " possibility of the Obama candidacy .
Whether you believe Obama represents real change or not , I came away believing that he understands the challenge of actually making change , should he win .
That is , he understands that if he really attempts to fundamentally alter the status quo on major issues , it is going to be a very tumultuous and difficult process - one that only begins on election day .
I 'm not 100 percent sure , knowing how hard this will be , that Obama will move into the breach .
My heart hopes he will , and my gut tells me its more than likely he will , because Republicans are helping create an even bigger mandate for an Obama presidency than Obama ever wanted .
But we will never know if he will unless he gets a chance - a chance which , since early into the Democratic primary , I have believed he deserves ( even though I stand by my concerns / objections to some of his specific positions ) .
If he wins , I am sure we will have a president who grasps how tough it will be to make progress - and I am becoming more confident we will have a president who will try to make that progress a reality .
UPDATE : I fiddled with one of my pics from the rally , and made it into an artsy kind of image for my desktop .
You can download it here if you 'd like to do the same .
It depicts not just Obama , but the massive crowd - and in that , it is more a picture of democracy , than of an individual candidate .
_______
About author David Sirota is a political strategist and NY Times bestselling author whose work appears in major newspapers and magazines .
He has appeared on CNN , MSNBC , CNBC and The Colbert Report .
He has appeared in TV debates with right - wing icons like Ann Coulter , John Stossel and John Fund .
Email : david [ at ] davidsirota.com .
If you ’re a logo designer or interested in learning more about logo design , there ’s no doubt you ’d like to see some excellent examples for the best logo designers around for your own inspiration .
The ten sites listed below are all great places to visit when you ’re in need of some inspiration , and many of them will also allow you to share your own work with others .
Carbonmade
Carbonmade is a site where designers can post their portfolios in all kinds of design .
There are over 401 portfolios of designers who specialize in logos .
It ’s a great place to browse and find some inspiration .
LogoPond
LogoPond is a gallery site that exists specifically for logo design inspiration .
You can share your own creations or just browse through the work of others .
Faveup
Faveup is a gallery of logos , css websites , flash websites , and business cards .
New items are regularly added to each category .
deviantART
like Carbonmade , deviantART contains thousands of portfolios .
There ’s a sub-category for logos and logotypes under the design and interfaces category .
LogoSauce
LogoSauce is another portfolio site where users can submit their own work , featuring only logos .
There are over 4,000 designers with profiles on the site .
Lo8os
Lo8os is a logo and graphic design community where users can share their work and find inspiration .
The Identity Archives Project
The Identity Archives Project provides a keyword - searchable database of logos and brand identity designs from around the world .
Users can submit there own work for inclusion .
Logo Design Love
Logo Design Love is a blog of graphic designer David Airey .
David writes articles on logo design and showcases a lot of great pieces of inspiration .
Logoed
Logoed is a blog that showcases excellent logos .
The site has been around for a long time and has a good variety of logos in the archives .
Brand New
Brand New provides opinions on corporate and brand identity work .
If you ’re looking to learn more about logo design and trends , this is a good resource .
LogoLounge
LogoLounge is another site for logo designers who are looking todisplay their work , and therefore a great place for design inspiration .
Other blog post with logo design showcases :
McCain has constantly mocked Obama by saying Barack 's attitude of negotiating with our enemies is a clear indication of his lack of experience in foreign policy matters .
McCain also cites Gen. Petraeus as often as he can as he tries to use his support of " the surge " to demonstrate his judgement .
Well , Gen. Petraeus just destroyed his argument with his appearance at the Heritage Foundation .
The Washington Independent :
Petraeus also came out unambiguously in his talk at Heritage for opening communications with America ’s adversaries , a position McCain is attacking Obama for endorsing .
Citing his Iraq experience , Petraeus said , “ You have to talk to enemies . ”
He added that it was necessary to have a particular goal for discussion and to perform advance work to understand the motivations of his interlocutors .
All that was the subject of one of the most contentious tussles between McCain and Obama in the first presidential debate , with Obama contending that his intent to negotiate with foreign adversaries without “ precondition ” did not mean that he would neglect diplomatic “ preparation . ”
McCain , apparently perceiving an opportunity for attack , Tuesday again used Obama ’s comments to attack his judgment .
“ Sen. Obama , without precondition , wants to sit down and negotiate with them , without preconditions , ” McCain said , referring to Iran .
Yet Petraeus emphasized throughout his lecture that reaching out to insurgent groups — some “ with our blood on their hands , ” he said — was necessary to the ultimate goal of turning them against irreconcilable enemies like Al Qaeda in Iraq .
I wonder what McCain will say at the 3rd presidential Debate when Obama brings all this up .
Will McCain say that Petraeus was just a little confused ?
I guess we should just ask Sean Hannity since he basically runs the messaging of McCain 's campaign .
If you get the chance , call in to his radio show , ask him , record it and send me the audio .
Gen . Petraeus also wants to negotiate with the Taliban .
DEARBORN , Michigan ( Reuters ) - U.S. automakers need “ quick loans ” from the federal government beyond the $ 25 billion loan package already approved in order to prevent one of them from failing because of the tight credit markets , Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm said on Thursday .
“ We need to see some additional quick loans so that the industry can make it through the next six to 12 months , ” Granholm , a Democrat , told reporters at an event in Dearborn , Michigan to mark the production of a new truck model by Ford Motor Co .
“ The alternative is worse .
The alternative is the industry does n’t have access to funds and we lose a company or two .
We do n’t want to do that , ” Granholm said .
Granholm and five other state governors sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson on Wednesday urging “ immediate action ” to promote liquidity for the U.S. automakers .
A copy of the letter was released by Granholm ’s office on Thursday .
The Bush administration approved $ 25 billion in low - interest loans last month to help automakers and suppliers meet new fuel economy standards by retooling plants .
Granholm said the industry needed additional loans and that the new federal lending should not have strings attached such as mandated progress toward improved fuel economy .
Her comments came at a time when General Motors Corp and Cerberus Management Capital are in talks about combining GM and Chrysler LLC .
A combination of the two automakers is widely expected by analysts to lead to massive job cuts .
Asked whether federal aid to automakers should be conditioned on a minimizing of job losses in a merger , Granholm said , “ The kicker is we do n’t know what the discussions will end up being so it ’s difficult for us to put conditions on something when we ’re not exactly sure what it is . ”
Granholm said she was meeting with local economic development leaders in Warren , Michigan , on Friday to discuss the impact of a potential merger between GM and Chrysler and how to help people who might be affected .
“ The bottom line is that all three automakers need some liquidity , some assistance with cash and they need it right now , ” Granholm said .
The sharp downturn in auto sales this year has left analysts questioning whether GM , Chrysler and Ford Motor Co have the liquidity to withstand the slump .
The industry ’s crisis has set off fierce lobbying ahead of the November 4 U.S. presidential election , with auto industry supporters arguing that a bankruptcy of an automaker would have a cascading impact across the country .
Barack Obama began to speak openly and in detail about the post-election transition period from George Bush 's presidency for the first time yesterday , opening himself up to charges of complacency .
As most polls showed the Democratic candidate 's lead over his Republican rival John McCain still growing , Obama held a meeting in Richmond , Virginia , to discuss with senior national security advisers the foreign policy challenges he would face as president .
Bucking the trend , one poll , conducted by Associated Press , showed McCain cutting back Obama 's 7 % lead three weeks ago to 1 % , on 44 % to 43 % .
Obama 's comments mark a significant change in the campaign , switching from rhetoric to a more presidential tone .
Although Obama added the caveat that " I do n't want to get too far ahead of myself , " his comments reflected a sense of confidence that his campaign team is finding it hard to hide .
At a press conference after the national security meeting , he said that although he had been almost single - mindedly focused on the economy , he had plans ready for Iraq , Afghanistan and other foreign policy problems .
He spoke about having teams in place to deal with foreign and economic policy during the awkward transitional period between November 4 and the inauguration on January 20 .
Interviewed yesterday , Obama said a smooth transition was essential to make sure America 's enemies did not take advantage of a shift in administrations .
In another sign of looking beyond the November 4 election , he welcomed a White House - organised international summit on the economic crisis planned for November 15 .
With Bush as a lame - duck president and Obama as possibly the president - in - waiting , the Democratic candidate would be a key figure .
" I am happy today that the White House announced a summit that provides an opportunity to advance the kind of cooperation I called for last month , " he said .
" America must lead and other nations must be part of the solution too . "
He refused to be drawn into what role he would play at the summit if he was elected president .
He said his economic team was already in constant touch with the treasury secretary , Henry Paulson .
To avoid sounding too presumptuous , he said : " Even though the election will have taken place and there will be a new president - elect , we are still going to have one president at a time until January 20 , until the new president is sworn in . "
It is risky for Obama to speak so openly about the post-election period with 13 days still to go of the campaign .
While his appearance surrounded by national security experts from the Clinton administration and Washington - based thinktanks can make him appear more presidential , it also opens him up to accusations by McCain that he has become too cocky .
McCain told a rally yesterday before Obama 's meeting that his rival was behaving as if he was already president to the extent that he would be making an address to the nation next .
The meeting with his national security advisers and a rally planned for Leesburg , Virginia , last night will be among Obama 's last events before heading for Hawaii for two days to visit the grandmother who helped raise him and who is seriously ill .
The meeting in Richmond and the subsequent press conference were designed partly to try to deflect comments made by his vice - presidential running - mate , Joe Biden , on Sunday .
Biden , who is famously gaffe - prone , said that Obama as president could expect to face international crises as America 's opponents sought to test him .
Both McCain and his running - mate , Sarah Palin , jumped on this , saying America 's enemies perceived Obama as weak and would seek to test him .
Obama responded : " His core point was the next president is going to be tested regardless of who it is . "
Palin too found herself on the defensive yesterday when an Associated Press investigation found what appeared to be a cover - up in relation to expenses claimed as governor of Alaska .
As was reported last month , Palin charged the state more than $ 21,000 to cover the cost of her children travelling with her .
But AP found that documents appear to have been amended afterwards to specify that the trips were on official business .
Spanish newspaper El País last week tracked down 26 examples of Franco's " secret weapon " against Republican forces in the country 's civil war - a cache of perfectly - preserved Enigma machines hidden for years in a " gloomy office " in the army 's main headquarters in Madrid .
Nationalist forces led by Franco acquired their first ten Enigma machines from Germany in 1936 .
While Hitler " had already decided to offer Franco his full support " in the Spanish civil war , this did n't actually extend to the full - fat military versions of Enigma , and his Iberian ally had to make do with the " vastly inferior " commercial " D " model .
The German High Command was apparently concerned that careless Spaniards might let the Republicans get their hands on an Enigma .
Indeed , even Germany 's Condor Legion - dispatched to Spain to aid the Nationalist cause - also reportedly used commercial Enigmas in the field .
Nonetheless , the Republicans were never able to decipher Enigma communications between Franco and his top brass , and the machines ' success led to further acquisitions .
Commander Antonio Sarmiento , charged with training operators in Franco 's Salamanca headquarters , enthusiastically reported in 1936 : “ To give some idea of the level of security these machines offer , it 's suffice to say that the number of possible combinations is an astounding 1,252,962,387,456 . ”
The total number of machines eventually bought by Spain is unknown , although estimates vary from 30 to 50 .
They were not withdrawn from service until the early 1950s , which offers the rather agreeable possibility that the British were able to read the Spanish dictatorship 's military communications while Franco remained blissfully unaware that his Nazi sponsors ' device had been laid bare by Bletchley Park years before . ®
Bootnote
El Reg is , of course , supporting Bletchley Park and the National Museum of Computing with our splendid Enigma t- shirt .
Get it before Cash 'n ' Carrion 's free shipping offer ends on 31 October .
As the sun rose over Soweto on South Africa 's first democratic election in 1994 , the Mwale family were too busy with practical matters to ponder the historical resonance of the day .
Following rumours that a white supremacist group was going to poison the main water tank , they boiled the water and cooked a huge pot of mealies .
The day before , during early voting , granny had waited seven hours to cast her ballot for Nelson Mandela and the kids had to bring her food .
Now it would be granny 's turn to come to the rescue .
I recall walking with the mother of the house , Esther Mwale , in silence at 7 am through zone 9 of Meadowlands , the morning fog slowly lifting to reveal that people had ironed their best trousers and put on their sturdiest shoes for the day .
All dressed up for democracy .
The two hours Esther spent queueing to vote somehow served as a dignified , humane response to the horrors of apartheid .
After his wife , Ruth First , was killed by the regime , African National Congress militant Joe Slovo said : " The most effective punishment is to force those who did it to live in a democratic South Africa . "
And here it was .
But if long lines of black people at polling stations showed the promise of a fledgling democracy in South Africa , the prospect of similar scenes next week will illustrate a failing democracy in the US .
A longstanding , systematic , legal and political campaign to suppress the vote in Democratic areas combined with the shambolic , shameful neglect of the electoral infrastructure could yet cause chaos on an unprecedented scale .
In short , come next Tuesday , the issue may not so much be who votes for whom , but who gets to vote and whose votes get counted .
A recent CNN poll showed that 42 % of voters are not confident their vote will be accurately cast and counted - almost three times the figure four years ago .
With the record numbers of newly registered voters will be a record number of lawyers on both sides .
If it 's close , the courts may once again pick the winner .
The popular response to such an unpopular outcome is not difficult to imagine .
According to the Washington magazine The Hill , police across the country are preparing for unrest .
Swat teams will be on standby in Oakland , California .
The Democratic secretary of state in Ohio now has protection from death threats after she refused to make a list of 200,000 newly registered voters available to Republicans .
Some of this mayhem stems from a noxious blend of officiousness and incompetence .
In Jackson County , West Virginia , people have been hitting the touch - screen for Barack Obama and finding they have voted for John McCain .
In Florida they are testdriving the third ballot system in three election cycles .
Election workers are struggling .
Those who thought they would vote early and avoid the queues are waiting in line for three hours .
Added to the technological flaws with machines and lack of technical training for those operating them are technocratic electoral laws that are n't fair , do n't work and in any case are n't being heeded .
According to the New York Times , tens of thousands of eligible voters in six battleground states have been illegally removed from voter rolls or will be prevented from voting in ways that violate federal law .
In Wisconsin , one in five voters ' names on the registration database did not completely match names on other state records , including four of the six former judges charged with overseeing the elections .
Both presidential candidates may have been wasting their time wooing Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher - aka Joe the plumber - at the last debate .
He is registered as Worzelbacher , and therefore may find himself ineligible to vote .
While this is happening everywhere ( Jackson county is 98 % white and voted for Bush in the last two elections ) , it is compounded by a protracted Republican effort to disenfranchise Democratic voters under the guise of combating voter fraud .
Voter fraud is a serious issue .
The trouble is it barely exists .
In the six years since the Bush administration has made it a priority , barely 100 people have been convicted and fewer than 200 have been charged .
The overwhelming majority were either people who thought they were eligible but were n't ( immigrants , felons etc ) or those registering fictitious people .
" If they found a single case of a conspiracy to affect the outcome of a Congressional election or a statewide election , that would be significant , " Richard Hasen , election law expert at the Loyola Law School , told the New York Times last year .
" But what we see is isolated , small - scale activities that often have not shown any kind of criminal intent . "
But that has n't stopped Republicans trying .
Five of the 12 US attorneys who were fired last year , in the scandal that led to the resignation of US attorney general Alberto Gonzales , were axed because they refused to pursue the issue of voter fraud with sufficient vigour .
It also explains the Republican attacks on the community group Acorn , which pays people to register voters in low income and minority areas .
Some of Acorn 's workers made up names .
That should be and has been condemned .
But there is no evidence that it has resulted in a single fraudulent vote ever being cast since Acorn began its large - scale voter registration drives four years ago .
While attempts at voter suppression are partisan in intent they are racial in effect .
The Democrats have not won an election without the black vote since 1964 .
The most effective and crude way to undermine their base is to minimise the vote in black areas .
This is precisely what happened in Florida in 2000 , where Republicans lowered the threshold for inclusion on the " purge list " of ineligible voters .
By the time they were done , African - Americans accounted for 88 % of those purged , even though they only comprised 11 % of the actual electorate .
The practical consequences of this interference , manipulation and , at times , intimidation is twofold .
It disenfranchises people who either do n't have the time , inclination or wherewithal to stand up to officialdom .
And it creates huge lines while others stay and fight .
A Democratic party survey from 2004 found half of the state 's African - American voters in Ohio reported some problems at the polls on election day .
On average , black voters waited in longer lines than whites , were more likely to be asked for identification when they got there and felt more intimidated .
This year will be worse .
Obama 's strategy has hinged on registering huge numbers of new voters .
Overrepresented among them are the black , the young and first - time voters .
For at least six months this eventuality has been predictable .
And yet electoral officers around the country have declared themselves entirely unprepared .
Just as in South Africa 14 years ago , the huge turnout we are seeing in early voting , and which will undoubtedly come on election day , marks a celebration of a historic moment in the nation 's democracy .
But the long lines and their demographic composition will mark not dignity but disorganisation and discrimination .
It remains one of the paradoxes of this election that black America may yet get a president before black Americans have fully secured their right to vote .
g.younge@theguardian.com
· This article was amended on Monday October 27 2008 .
It said 12 US judges were fired last year .
This has been corrected to 12 US attorneys
Actress Busi Lurayi awaits sentencing after convicted of stealing ex-boyfriend ’s assets
Actresss Busi Lurayi was found guilty of stealing ex-boyfriend Mziwoxolo Qwelane ’s furniture , appliances and other valuables worth more than R400 000 .
Seemingly Permanent Psychosis
LSD
Citation : Kel ' .
" Seemingly Permanent Psychosis : An Experience with LSD ( exp22703 ) " .
Erowid.org .
May 18 , 2003 .
erowid.org/exp/22703
DOSE :
T+ 0:00 1 hit oral LSD T+ 2:00 0.5 hits oral LSD
BODY WEIGHT : 115 lb
Well , hopefully this will help someone ( at least to feel like they are not alone ) .
This is more than a one night experience for me .
One night I was with my boyfriend , best friend , and another mutual friend .
The mutual friend provided us a hit of acid ( lsd ) and we were comfortably experimenting at home ... chatting , and dancing , listening to music , etc .
This was a few days before a big move ( across country ) . [ [
I had previously done lsd on several occasions ( a dozen or more times ... I took 2 hits once , and the rest were taken in singles ... maybe it should be added that I had done organic mushrooms about 4 times before - - once I had a bad trip w/ no long term effects ) .
]]
Anyway , we enjoyed the hit of lsd for a couple hours when it seemed to be wearing off .
Disappointed , we realized we had one more hit left over from a previous trip ( this hit had not been kept in the freezer as per our usual ) .
We split that hit into fours and took it .
About an hour later , I felt it coming on ... I was dancing , paying no mind to anyone else ... when immediately we all felt the same overwhelming desire for the trip to be over .
It was too intense .
Some people were watching movies , trying to stay sane ( this did n't work because we could not keep a grip on any kind of reality ) , this led to praying ( people making amends with God , you know ) , some ignoring what their mind was telling them ( matter over mind , in this instance ) .
By the end of a near 8 - hr. night I had the most monstrous headache ever .
To my dismay , this was not the last of my horror night .
I have always had lasting effects of lsd traceable in my sight .
It was a gradual progression of intensity due to a gradual use of lsd .
No big deal ... afterall , I had seen those same things while tripping .
( Hell , I did n't have great sight before using lsd . )
Well , after my big move , I went to the movie theater to watch a movie ( A.I. ) and at the very end of the movie I started tripping hardcore .
This was new to me .
I thought I was going insane ( it is different when you are expecting a trip ) .
I can only relate this feeling to maybe taking lsd while alone and in an uncomfortable environment -- scary .
It is scary enough to think that people cannot relate to what you are feeling or going through .
Well , this experience was not the only one .
I had several mind altering experiences .
I eventually told myself it was migrains .
( I would sometimes be completely impaired from doing anything ... even concentrating .
Sleeping would be the only real help ... and after 30 min. of waking up , the cycle would start all over again . )
The migrains have lessened , but I still have long - lasting anxiety that I feel was initially caused from that one bad trip .
Now , some people have described flashbacks as fun or just visual in nature , but mine was like having that same bad trip all over again ( I was feeling more bothered psychologically while having a plaguing headache ... it did not feel like I needed to rid myself of the drug , which is usually accompanied by an aching mechanical feeling ) .
I was never sure if that one bad flashback was because of my continued use of lsd or if it was because of the one bad trip I had in which I had feelings of having periodic psyochological impairments .
Perhaps , it was just the fear - factor caused from this bad trip or from something else , but I am constantly plagued by very bad headaches ( which , have lessened in time ... about 2 years thus far ) , periodic anxiety , and even schizoid / depression on different occasions .
I tried taking medicines ( tylenol , IB Profen ( sp. ? ) , sinus medicine , etc. ) for the headaches , but these only made the headaches worse .
I stopped taking those medicines altogether for fear of worsened headaches , which for me often led to more heightened anxiety .
Caffine , diet pills , exercise boosters , etc. all had very bad effects too .
I got headaches from taking these even when I had none beforehand .
Those types of boosters still have a wearing effect on me that has not lessened in time ... in order to lessen the negative effects of those boosters , it helps me to be active ( exercise ) , which also helps the trippy - like effects ( delusional , psychological , emotional , and physical impairments ) to wear off .
Moreover , I had and still have problems smoking marijauna ( which , was never previously difficult for me : )
Also , wierd psychosomatic urges would come over me when watching really wacky movies and those same urges come over me when playing the part of a daredevil ( climing to the tops of mountains ) .
I suppose this ( again ) could be me relating slightly frightening situations to the terribly unnerving trip I had while on lsd , but using the lsd has undoubtedly led me to be much more hypersensitive to drugs ( legal and illegal ) , and to situations ( both in the physical and spiritual world ) .
Oddly , I feel much more aware ( or maybe just crazy ) and this both can scare and invigorate the mind .
What has come out my experience (s ) is that I do not have any desire to do lsd again ; and I am also wary of taking any other mind altering drugs ( esp. those chemical in nature ) and I am additionally cautioned when taking perscrition or over the counter medicines and substances .
I have only had a passing thought of taking organic mushrooms because my thought was that maybe I could replace the lasting bad trip phenomenon with a more natural / and maybe more spiritual enlightenment with which to replace my bad remembrances .
Again , that was only a thought and not a thought that I have given much attention .
Many of my friends who are still somewhat religious despite being freethinkers see the benefits of rejecting ideologies that are untrue , but they wonder what will fill the void .
They wonder what you ’re supposed to …believe in once you truly shed all superstition .
How do you go on ?
What do you base your life on ?
What gives you meaning ?
Why even get up in the morning ?
Because they lack answers to these questions they cling to a nerfed and sanitized version of the faith they were injected with as children .
Image from secularhumanism.org
Well , here ’s an alternative .
The following principles are the basis of Secular Humanism , a life stance that I find to be extraordinary in its ability to capture how I , and most other freethinkers I know , view the world .
The Principles of Secular Humanism
Here ’s the list from secularhumanism.org .
We are committed to the application of reason and science to the understanding of the universe and to the solving of human problems .
We deplore efforts to denigrate human intelligence , to seek to explain the world in supernatural terms , and to look outside nature for salvation .
We believe that scientific discovery and technology can contribute to the betterment of human life .
We believe in an open and pluralistic society and that democracy is the best guarantee of protecting human rights from authoritarian elites and repressive majorities .
We are committed to the principle of the separation of church and state .
We cultivate the arts of negotiation and compromise as a means of resolving differences and achieving mutual understanding .
We are concerned with securing justice and fairness in society and with eliminating discrimination and intolerance .
We believe in supporting the disadvantaged and the handicapped so that they will be able to help themselves .
We attempt to transcend divisive parochial loyalties based on race , religion , gender , nationality , creed , class , sexual orientation , or ethnicity , and strive to work together for the common good of humanity .
We want to protect and enhance the earth , to preserve it for future generations , and to avoid inflicting needless suffering on other species .
We believe in enjoying life here and now and in developing our creative talents to their fullest .
We believe in the cultivation of moral excellence .
We respect the right to privacy .
Mature adults should be allowed to fulfill their aspirations , to express their sexual preferences , to exercise reproductive freedom , to have access to comprehensive and informed health - care , and to die with dignity .
We believe in the common moral decencies : altruism , integrity , honesty , truthfulness , responsibility .
Humanist ethics is amenable to critical , rational guidance .
There are normative standards that we discover together .
Moral principles are tested by their consequences .
We are deeply concerned with the moral education of our children .
We want to nourish reason and compassion .
We are engaged by the arts no less than by the sciences .
We are citizens of the universe and are excited by discoveries still to be made in the cosmos .
We are skeptical of untested claims to knowledge , and we are open to novel ideas and seek new departures in our thinking .
We affirm humanism as a realistic alternative to theologies of despair and ideologies of violence and as a source of rich personal significance and genuine satisfaction in the service to others .
We believe in optimism rather than pessimism , hope rather than despair , learning in the place of dogma , truth instead of ignorance , joy rather than guilt or sin , tolerance in the place of fear , love instead of hatred , compassion over selfishness , beauty instead of ugliness , and reason rather than blind faith or irrationality .
We believe in the fullest realization of the best and noblest that we are capable of as human beings .
Here ’s a shorter list of tenets from Wikipedia ’s Secular Humanism article :
Need to test beliefs – A conviction that dogmas , ideologies and traditions , whether religious , political or social , must be weighed and tested by each individual and not simply accepted on faith .
Reason , evidence , scientific method – A commitment to the use of critical reason , factual evidence and scientific methods of inquiry , rather than faith and mysticism , in seeking solutions to human problems and answers to important human questions .
Fulfillment , growth , creativity – A primary concern with fulfillment , growth and creativity for both the individual and humankind in general .
Search for truth – A constant search for objective truth , with the understanding that new knowledge and experience constantly alter our imperfect perception of it .
This life – A concern for this life and a commitment to making it meaningful through better understanding of ourselves , our history , our intellectual and artistic achievements , and the outlooks of those who differ from us .
Ethics – A search for viable individual , social and political principles of ethical conduct , judging them on their ability to enhance human well - being and individual responsibility .
Building a better world – A conviction that with reason , an open exchange of ideas , good will , and tolerance , progress can be made in building a better world for ourselves and our children .
Discussion
So , what does this system lack in terms of a replacement for religious belief ?
It lacks the completely unfounded tenet that we ’ll live forever .
The idea that somehow , despite no evidence to support it , we will continue on after we die .
As many before me have pointed out , this fantasy does not improve life here on Earth .
life is even more beautiful because it ’s temporary .
It makes beautiful things that much more beautiful , and it makes things like war and hatred that much more unbearable .
So , to all my friends still struggling with beliefs that they are unable to shake despite knowing they ’re not true , I ask you to look into this .
The odds are that it captures your belief system quite well . :
Links
[ Secular Humanism | wikipedia.org ]
[ Council for Secular Humanism | secularhumanism.org ]
It takes weeks to rechill the machine to " superconducting " temperatures - allowing it to fire protons around a 17 mile loop of tunnels , causing them to crash into one another at close to light speed and break into even tinier particles
The nun now refuses to co-operate with the Orissa police A Roman Catholic nun raped in the Indian state of Orissa , allegedly during a riot by Hindus , has publicly denounced local police .
The nun held a news conference in the Indian capital , Delhi , in which she demanded that national police take over the investigation .
The Orissa police have been heavily criticised for delays in the case .
More than 30 people have been killed in anti-Christian violence in Orissa 's Kandhamal district in recent months .
Thousands of Christians have been made homeless .
The 29 - year - old nun lodged a complaint on 25 August alleging rape by a member of a Hindu mob .
The first arrests in the case were on 3 October .
' Paraded '
The nun 's head and face were covered with a scarf as she addressed a brief news conference in Delhi .
Orissa has seen weeks of violence
She alleged that a Hindu mob attacked the Christian prayer hall where she worked in Kandhamal in Orissa .
She said a group of some 50 men tore off her clothes .
She was then raped , before being paraded down the road as police looked on .
" They had already torn away my blouse and undergarments ... and they went on beating me with hands on my cheeks and head and with sticks on my back . "
She said that when she asked for protection from local police officers , they did not move .
And later , she said , they were unwilling to hear the details of her ordeal .
" I was raped and now I do n't want to be victimised by Orissa police , " the nun said .
The violence in Orissa began after a Hindu religious leader was shot dead .
Although left - wing Maoist rebels in the state claimed responsibility for the killing , hard - line Hindu groups blamed the minority Christian community for the death .
It is the worst outbreak of communal violence against Christians since Indian independence .
Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh has described it as a national shame .
A heavy security presence in Kandhamal has brought the situation under some control now .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bisphenol A - Toxic Plastics Chemical in Canned Food
Summary .
Independent laboratory tests found a toxic food - can lining ingredient associated with birth defects of the male and female reproductive systems in over half of 97 cans of name - brand fruit , vegetables , soda , and other commonly eaten canned goods .
The study was spearheaded by the Environmental Working Group ( EWG ) and targeted the chemical bisphenol A ( BPA ) , a plastic and resin ingredient used to line metal food and drink cans .
There are no government safety standards limiting the amount of BPA in canned food .
EWG 's tests found :
Of all foods tested , chicken soup , infant formula , and ravioli had BPA levels of highest concern .
Just one to three servings of foods with these concentrations could expose a woman or child to BPA at levels that caused serious adverse effects in animal tests .
For 1 in 10 cans of all food tested , and 1 in 3 cans of infant formula , a single serving contained enough BPA to expose a woman or infant to BPA levels more than 200 times the government 's traditional safe level of exposure for industrial chemicals .
The government typically mandates a 1,000 - to 3,000 - fold margin of safety between human exposures and levels found to harm lab animals , but these servings contained levels of BPA less than 5 times lower than doses that harmed lab animals .
BPA testing in canned food .
We contracted with a national analytical laboratory to test 97 cans of food we purchased in March 2006 in three major , chain supermarkets in Atlanta , Georgia ; Oakland , California ; and Clinton , Connecticut .
The lab tested 30 brands of food altogether , 27 national brands and 3 store brands .
Among the foods we tested are 20 of the 40 canned foods most commonly consumed by women of childbearing age ( NHANES , 2002 ) , including soda , canned tuna , peaches , pineapples , green beans , corn , and tomato and chicken noodle soups .
We also tested canned infant formula .
The lab detected BPA in fifty - seven percent of all cans .
BPA is a heavily produced industrial compound that has been detected in more than 2,000 people worldwide , including more than 95 percent of 400 people in the United States .
More than 100 peer - reviewed studies have found BPA to be toxic at low doses , some similar to those found in people , yet not a single regulatory agency has updated safety standards to reflect this low - dose toxicity .
FDA estimates that 17 % of the U.S. diet comprises canned food ; they last examined BPA exposures from food in 1996 but failed to set a safety standard .
Recommendations
BPA is associated with a number of health problems and diseases that are on the rise in the U.S. population , including breast and prostate cancer and infertility .
Given widespread human exposure to BPA and hundreds of studies showing its adverse effects , the FDA and EPA must act quickly to set safe levels for BPA exposure based on the latest science on the low - dose toxicity of the chemical .
BPA is at unsafe levels in one of every 10 servings of canned foods ( 11 % ) and one of every 3 cans of infant formula ( 33 % )
Source : Chemical analyses of 97 canned foods by Southern Testing and Research Division of Microbac Laboratories , Inc. , North Carolina .
EWG calculated people 's BPA exposures from canned food using the following assumptions : Calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg /13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g/30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
Estimated single - serving exposures are compared against BPA dose of 2 ug / kg/d linked in lab studies to permanent damage of reproductive system from in utero exposures and referenced as " toxic dose " in figure above ( see Section 3 of this report ) .
Summary of findings
Widespread exposures , no safety standards .
In studies conducted over the past 20 years , scientists have detected BPA in breast milk , serum , saliva , urine , amniotic fluid , and cord blood from at least 2,200 people in Europe , North America , and Asia ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Researchers at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently detected BPA in 95 % of nearly 400 U.S. adults ( Calafat et al. 2005 ) .
EWG - led biomonitoring studies have detected BPA in people from four states and the District of Columbia ( EWG 2007 ) .
BPA ranks in the top two percent of high production volume chemicals in the U.S. , with annual production exceeding a billion pounds ( TSCA 2006 ) , and is so common in products and industrial waste that it pollutes not only people but also rivers , estuaries , sediment , house dust , and even air nearly everywhere it is tested .
Yet despite its ubiquity and toxicity , BPA remains entirely without safety standards .
It is allowed in unlimited amounts in consumer products , drinking water , and food , the top exposure source for most people .
The lack of enforceable limits has resulted in widespread contamination of canned foods at levels that pose potential risks .
For instance , analysis of our tests reveals that for one of every five cans tested , and for one - third of all vegetables and pastas ( ravioli and noodles with tomato sauce ) , a single serving would expose a pregnant woman to BPA at levels that fall within a factor of 5 of doses linked to birth defects — permanent damage of developing male reproductive organs ( Figure 1 ) .
Many studies confirm BPA 's low - dose toxicity across a diverse range of toxic effects
Daily BPA exposure ( ug / kg body weight - day ) CERHR conclusion *
Toxic effect Study details Reference % cans tested by EWG with single - serving BPA levels within a margin of 10 from harmful dose 0.0001 not included alterations in cell signalling pathways on the cell surface that control calcium eflux in cells in - vitro study which compared activity of BPA and other hormone disruptors Wozniak 2005 56.7 ( all cans with detected BPA ) 0.025 " very useful " persistent changes to breast tissue , predisposes cells to hormones and carcinogens fetal exposure , osmotic pumps , changes noted a 6 months of age Muñoz - de - Toro 2005 55.7 0.025 " useful and shows tissue effects at extremely low dose levels " permanent changes to genital tract fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Markey 2005 55.7 0.2 utility " limited " decrease antioxidant enzymes adult exposure , oral Chitra 2003 47.4 0.25 utility " to be added " altered growth , cell size and lumen formation in mammary epithelium of mouse fetuses .
exposure during pregnancy w/osmotic pumps Vandenberg 2007 45.4 2 " useful " increased prostate weight 30 % fetal exposure , oral route Nagel 1997 20.6 2 " moderately useful " increased aggression at 8 weeks of life fetal exposure , oral route Kawai 2003 20.6 2.4 " useful " , but non-traditional endpoint Decreased time from vaginal opening to first estrus , possibly earlier puberty fetal exposure , oral route Howdeshell 1999 17.5 2.4 " useful " lower bodyweight , increase of anogenital distance in both genders , signs of early puberty and longer estrus .
fetal exposure , oral route Honma 2002 17.5 2.4 " adequate " decline in testicular testosterone fetal and neonatal exposure , gavage Akingbemi 2004 17.5 2.5 utility " to be added " breast cells predisposed to cancer fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Murray 2006 16.5 2.5 not included immune system impacts oral exposure Sawai 2003 16.5 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer infant oral exposure , 3 day duration Ho 2006 2.1 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer fetal exposure , oral route , short duration Timms 2005 2.1 10 not included insulin resistance develops in 2 days , chronic hyperinsulinemia at day 4 subcutaneous injection , short duration exposure Alonso - Magdalena 2006 2.1 10 " very useful " decreased maternal behaviors fetal and neonatal exposure , oral route Palanza 2002 2.1 20 not included damage to eggs and chromosomes fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Hunt 2003 0 20 not included damage to eggs fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Susiarjo 2007 0 20 not included brain effects - disrupted neocortical development by accelerating neuronal differentiation and migration single injection Nakamura 2006 0 30 " ... adequate for the evaluation process and gives cause for concern " reversed the normal sex differences in brain structure and behavior oral during gestation and lactation Kubo 2003 0 30 " suitable " hyperactivity oral Ishido 2004 0 50 EPA RfD EPA 's ' safe exposure level , based on outdated , high dose studies and a 1000 - fold margin of safety EPA 1998 0
*CERHR conclusion refers to the Center for Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction expert panel assessment of the utility of the study in the panel 's review of BPA risks to human reproduction ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Statistics on percent cans with single servings that would yield human dose within a margin of 10 of the toxic dose are generated with the following assumptions : BPA calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg /13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g/30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
BPA concentrations are expressed in parts per billion ( ppb ) by weight ( micrograms of BPA per kilogram of food ) .
* Average is the geometric mean .
Non-detects considered to be 1/2 the detection limit ( 1 ppb ) for purposes of this calculation .
Government assessments fail to consider BPA low - dose toxicity .
As of December 2004 , 94 of 115 peer - reviewed studies had confirmed BPA 's toxicity at low levels of exposure .
At some of the very lowest doses the chemical causes permanent alterations of breast and prostate cells that precede cancer , insulin resistance ( a hallmark trait of Type II diabetes ) , and chromosomal damage linked to recurrent miscarriage and a wide range of birth defects including Down 's syndrome ( vom Saal and Hughes 2005 ) .
Few chemicals have been found to consistently display such a diverse range of harm at such low doses .
Yet all of the most recent government reviews of bisphenol A have failed to set safety standards consistent with the chemical 's low - dose toxicity .
Each one either preceded the development of the low - dose literature , or heavily weighted industry - sponsored studies that are now known to have fundamental design flaws rendering them incapable of detecting BPA toxicity .
U.S. safety reviews are described below :
The U.S. EPA established its generic safety standard for BPA ( the reference dose , or RfD ) in 1987 , a decade before the BPA low - dose literature was established ( EPA 1987 ) .
The vast majority of studies finding BPA toxic at low doses have been published since 1997 , the year that a pivotal study showed BPA 's ability to harm the prostate at levels far below what was thought safe ( vom Saal et al. 1997 ) .
EPA 's safety standard is 25 times the dose now known to cause birth defects in lab studies ( 50 ug / kg/ d vs. 2 ug / kg/d ) , and has not been updated for 20 years .
2 ug /kg/d ) , and has not been updated for 20 years .
The U.S. National Toxicology Program 's 2001 assessment , which found BPA safe at low doses , relied heavily on industry - sponsored studies showing no low - dose BPA effects ( NTP 2001 ) .
These studies are now known to have used animals resistant to the effects of estrogen - like chemicals such as BPA ( vom Saal and Hughes 2005 ) .
The NTP assessment considered studies published in 2000 or earlier .
The six years following this review have seen the publication of dozens of low - dose BPA studies that substantially bolster the now near irrefutable evidence for low - dose effects .
FDA published estimates of infant and adult BPA exposures 10 years ago .
Even though the Agency did not then and has not since assessed the low - dose toxicity of BPA , in 2005 an FDA official asserted , in response to questions from a California legislator considering a state BPA phase - out bill , that " ... FDA sees no reason to change [ its ] long - held position that current [ BPA ] uses with food are safe " ( FDA 2005 ) .
FDA makes this assertion even though the Agency has not yet established an Acceptable Daily Intake ( ADI ) for BPA , and has not even conducted the Agency 's standard , basic toxicology study to determine a safe dose for humans ( FDA 2007 ) .
BPA 's low dose toxicity .
Companies began using BPA in metal can linings in the 1950s and 1960s ( Schaefer and Simat 2004 ) , fully twenty years after the chemical was first understood to be toxic ( Dodds and Lawson , 1936 and 1938 ) .
These early warnings of toxicity were ignored or forgotten while companies steadily increased their reliance on BPA until it reached an annual U.S. production exceeding one billion pounds around 1990 .
In 1993 the chemical 's signature toxic property , its ability to mimic estrogen , was accidentally discovered in a failed lab experiment ( Krishnan et al. 1993 ) , and the intervening years have witnessed the development of a body of low - dose science that has transformed our understanding of chemical toxicity .
Bisphenol A demonstrates the fallacy of nearly every long - standing tenet of government - style safety standards and traditional high - dose toxicology :
Low doses and toxicity .
Where traditional toxicology asserts that higher doses confer greater harm , bisphenol A tests show that low doses can be the most toxic of all , below the radar screen of the body 's compensatory detoxifying mechanisms , or below overtly toxic doses that destroy the tissues under study .
In one investigation a low dose of BPA produced a 70 % higher growth rate of prostate cancer cells in lab animals than did higher doses ( Wetherill et al. 2002 ) .
In another study lower doses of BPA resulted in higher rates of breast cell growth that can precede cancer ( Markey et al. 2001 ) .
( " Low doses " are typically defined as those that produce tissue concentrations at or below those in the typical range of human exposures . )
Where traditional toxicology asserts that higher doses confer greater harm , bisphenol A tests show that low doses can be the most toxic of all , below the radar screen of the body 's compensatory detoxifying mechanisms , or below overtly toxic doses that destroy the tissues under study .
In one investigation a low dose of BPA produced a 70 % higher growth rate of prostate cancer cells in lab animals than did higher doses ( Wetherill et al. 2002 ) .
In another study lower doses of BPA resulted in higher rates of breast cell growth that can precede cancer ( Markey et al. 2001 ) .
( " Low doses " are typically defined as those that produce tissue concentrations at or below those in the typical range of human exposures . )
Timing of the dose .
While traditional methods set safety standards to control risks defined in adulthood , bisphenol A studies reveal that exposures at other times can confer far higher risks , especially in the womb and during early childhood .
For example , recent studies show that prenatal exposure to BPA causes breast cancer in adult rats ( Murray et al. 2006 ) , and causes genetic changes resulting in greater risk of prostate cancer in later life .
( Ho et al. 2006 ) .
In another study adult rats which had been dosed in the womb developed breast cancer in adulthood ( Munoz - de - Toro 2005 ) ; these exposure levels during adulthood would not have caused cancer .
While traditional methods set safety standards to control risks defined in adulthood , bisphenol A studies reveal that exposures at other times can confer far higher risks , especially in the womb and during early childhood .
For example , recent studies show that prenatal exposure to BPA causes breast cancer in adult rats ( Murray et al. 2006 ) , and causes genetic changes resulting in greater risk of prostate cancer in later life .
( Ho et al. 2006 ) .
In another study adult rats which had been dosed in the womb developed breast cancer in adulthood ( Munoz - de - Toro 2005 ) ; these exposure levels during adulthood would not have caused cancer .
Genetic susceptibility .
Traditional toxicology holds that a chemical 's potency and risks are constant , regardless of who is exposed .
Bisphenol A suggests a different truth : A person 's genetics plays an important role in defining risks and health outcomes from exposures to toxic chemicals .
For instance , studies suggest that for some but not all babies , BPA accumulates in amniotic fluid , suggesting differing innate capacities for excretion that would be defined by genetics ( Yamada et al. 2002 ) .
A recent study of mammary gland development showed that animals exposed to BPA in utero are more likely to develop mammary tumors when they are exposed to carcinogenic chemicals later in life , compared to animals not previously exposed to BPA ( Durando et al. 2007 ) .
This study is one of many suggesting that early - life exposures to BPA may alter the expression or strength of genes to dramatically alter disease risk later in life .
Over the past year an average of four new BPA toxicity studies have been published in the peer - reviewed literature every month .
New discoveries on BPA surface so routinely that the CERHR review document ( CERHR 2006 ) describes fully 465 studies conducted primarily over the past 14 years .
Among recent works :
A study showing that BPA exposures lead to an error in cell division called aneuploidy that causes spontaneous miscarriages , cancer , and birth defects in people , including Down Syndrome ( Hunt et al. 2003 ) .
An investigation demonstrating that low doses of BPA spur both the formation and growth of fat cells , the two factors that drive obesity in humans ( Masumo et al. 2002 ) .
A study linking low doses of BPA to insulin resistance , a risk factor for Type II diabetes ( Alonso - Magdalena et al. 2006 ) .
A preliminary investigation linking BPA exposures to recurrent miscarriage in a small group of Japanese women , made potentially pivotal by its concordance with lab studies of BPA - induced chromosome damage that could well cause miscarriage ( Sugiura - Ogasawara 2005 ) .
The unusually broad toxicity of BPA is explained by a prominent scientist as stemming from the fact that BPA can alter the behavior of over 200 genes — more than one percent of all human genes ( Myers 2006 ) .
These genes control the growth and repair of nearly every organ and tissue in the body .
Taken in its totality , the range of toxic effects linked to BPA is startlingly similar to the litany of human health problems on the rise or common across the population , including breast and prostate cancer , diabetes , obesity , infertility , and polycystic ovarian syndrome ( Myers 2007 ) .
Studies show that BPA is toxic to lab animals at doses overlapping with or very near to human exposures , and that the chemical causes toxic effects that are on the rise or very common in people .
These disturbing facts raise questions about the extent to which current , widespread exposures to BPA are contributing to the burden of human disease .
Were the federal government to develop safety standards reflecting any of the more than 200 low - dose studies of BPA toxicity , the chemical would become the first widespread industrial compound with a government - recognized , harmful dose at such remarkably low levels that in some cases appear to overlap with human exposures .
The science would fully justify a strict safety standard and would force industry to change food packaging to dramatically decrease the widespread BPA exposures to which they are currently subjecting the public .
FDA fails to protect the public .
FDA is responsible for ensuring that food packaging chemicals like BPA are safe .
In the case of BPA , the Agency has deemed the chemical safe even though its own exposure estimates for infants exceed doses shown to permanently harm the developing male reproductive system .
FDA does not restrict BPA levels in food .
In the wake of a 1993 experiment proving that BPA disrupts estrogen levels , FDA tested 14 cans of infant formula and a few foods that adults eat , calculated exposures from these tests , and found them to be within safe levels ( CERHR 2006 ) .
To make this determination the Agency compared the estimated exposures to " safe " doses far higher than those now known to cause permanent harm to lab animals .
Dr. George Pauli , at the time FDA 's associate director for science and policy , offered this rationale : " FDA sees no reason at this time to ban or otherwise restrict the uses now in practice " ( Pauli 2005 ) .
Never mind that the Agency 's estimated exposures for infants , at 15 - 24 ug / kg/d , exceed by a factor of up to 10 the dose shown to permanently alter prostate gland growth .
Bisphenol A is just one of hundreds of chemicals that pollute people - proof of critical need to reform our system of public health protections .
Studies by European scientists show that BPA is just one of many chemicals that leach out of food can linings .
Tests of just three can coatings found at least 23 different BPA - related chemicals leaching into food , all without legal limits ( Schaefer and Simat 2004 ) .
Research shows these contaminants occur at levels that can dwarf better - known environmental pollutants that accumulate in food , like PCBs and DDT .
One scientist writes that " Concentrations of [ migrant chemicals like BPA ] commonly exceed ... pesticides by orders of magnitude ; most of the migrating compounds are not even identified ; and only a few have been tested for toxicity ... " ( Grob et al. 1999 ) .
FDA has tallied more than 1,000 indirect food additive chemicals in packaging and food processing , but food is just one of the many ways humans are exposed to industrial chemicals .
EWG research reveals more than 200 pollutants in tap water supplies across the country ; thousands of chemicals in cosmetics and personal care products ; 470 industrial chemicals and pesticides in human tissues ; and an average of 200 pollutants in each of 10 babies tested at the moment of birth .
Nothing is known about the safety of the complex mixtures of low doses of a myriad of industrial chemicals in the human body .
The nation 's system of public health protections from industrial chemicals like BPA are embodied in the Toxic Substances Control Act , a law passed in 1976 that is the only major environmental or public health statute that has never been updated .
Under this law companies are not required to test chemicals for safety before they are sold and are not required to track whether their products end up in people at unsafe levels .
As a result of this broken system , BPA is now one of the most widely used industrial chemicals , is found at unsafe levels in people , is allowed in unlimited quantities in a broad range of consumer products , and is entirely without safety standards .
BPA gives irrefutable proof that our system of public health protections must be strengthened to protect children and others most vulnerable to chemical harm .
Canned food test results
Canned foods are thought to be the predominate route of BPA exposure ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Numerous studies support this fact , including an investigation of BPA exposures for 257 young children in North Carolina and Ohio day care centers .
Researchers collected samples of the air , water , dust , hand wipes and the daily diet and attributed 99 percent of children 's daily BPA exposures to food ( Wilson , Chuang et al.
2003 ; Wilson , Chuang et al. 2007 ) .
Despite this fact , very little canned food testing has been performed .
Both the Plastics Industry and FDA have based their safety or exposure assessments for BPA on incredibly few canned food tests , fewer than 20 in both cases ( Allan B. Bailey 1996 ; SPI 2007 ) .
EWG tested foods and beverages from nearly 100 cans purchased in grocery stores in 3 states .
EWG tested 28 different types of foods including canned fruits , vegetables , pasta , beans , infant formula , meal replacements and canned milk .
We tested 1 to 6 samples of each type food .
BPA levels varied from less the detection limit to a maximum level of 385 micrograms BPA per kilogram food ( a part per billion ) .
BPA test results for individual cans are shown at the end of this section .
Many studies confirm BPA 's low - dose toxicity across a diverse range of toxic effects
Daily BPA exposure ( ug / kg body weight - day ) CERHR conclusion *
Toxic effect Study details Reference % cans tested by EWG with single - serving BPA levels within a margin of 10 from harmful dose 0.0001 not included alterations in cell signalling pathways on the cell surface that control calcium eflux in cells in - vitro study which compared activity of BPA and other hormone disruptors Wozniak 2005 56.7 ( all cans with detected BPA ) 0.025 " very useful " persistent changes to breast tissue , predisposes cells to hormones and carcinogens fetal exposure , osmotic pumps , changes noted a 6 months of age Munoz - de - Toro 2005 55.7 0.025 " useful and shows tissue effects at extremely low dose levels " permanent changes to genital tract fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Markey 2005 55.7 0.2 utility " limited " decrease antioxidant enzymes adult exposure , oral Chitra 2003 47.4 0.25 utility " to be added " altered growth , cell size and lumen formation in mammary epithelium of mouse fetuses .
exposure during pregnancy w/osmotic pumps Vandenberg 2007 45.4 2 " useful " increased prostate weight 30 % fetal exposure , oral route Nagel 1997 20.6 2 " moderately useful " increased aggression at 8 weeks of life fetal exposure , oral route Kawai 2003 20.6 2.4 " useful " , but non-traditional endpoint Decreased time from vaginal opening to first estrus , possibly earlier puberty fetal exposure , oral route Howdeshell 1999 17.5 2.4 " useful " lower bodyweight , increase of anogenital distance in both genders , signs of early puberty and longer estrus .
fetal exposure , oral route Honma 2002 17.5 2.4 " adequate " decline in testicular testosterone fetal and neonatal exposure , gavage Akingbemi 2004 17.5 2.5 utility " to be added " breast cells predisposed to cancer fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Murray 2006 16.5 2.5 not included immune system impacts oral exposure Sawai 2003 16.5 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer infant oral exposure , 3 day duration Ho 2006 2.1 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer fetal exposure , oral route , short duration Timms 2005 2.1 10 not included insulin resistance develops in 2 days , chronic hyperinsulinemia at day 4 subcutaneous injection , short duration exposure Alonso - Magdalena 2006 2.1 10 " very useful " decreased maternal behaviors fetal and neonatal exposure , oral route Palanza 2002 2.1 20 not included damage to eggs and chromosomes fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Hunt 2003 0 20 not included damage to eggs fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Susiajro 2007 0 20 not included brain effects - disrupted neocortical development by accelerating neuronal differentiation and migration single injection Nakamura 2006 0 30 " ... adequate for the evaluation process and gives cause for concern " reversed the normal sex differences in brain structure and behavior oral during gestation and lactation Kubo 2001 0 30 " suitable " hyperactivity oral Ishido 2004 0 50 EPA RfD EPA 's ' safe exposure level , based on outdated , high dose studies and a 1000 - fold margin of safety EPA 1998 0
*CERHR conclusion refers to the Center for Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction expert panel assessment of the utility of the study in the panel 's review of BPA risks to human reproduction ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Statistics on percent cans with single servings that would yield human dose within a margin of 10 of the toxic dose are generated with the following assumptions : BPA calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg /13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g/30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
We found widespread contamination of BPA in canned foods .
All six cans of spaghetti and ravioli tested contained measurable levels of BPA , averaging 63.5 parts per billion .
Five of the six cans of baked beans examined had measurable levels of BPA , averaging 9.7 parts per billion .
Two of six cans of infant formula tested contained BPA .
The exposure that an infant might receive from canned formula , given his or her small size and limited food sources , makes the level of contamination in these cans particularly disturbing .
BPA is found in canned food around the world
Our study provides the most comprehensive U.S. - based examination of BPA in canned food available , but BPA contamination in food is a global concern .
Below we show findings of other studies from around the world , as described in CERHR ( 2006 ) .
Summary of BPA measurements in canned food from 9 previous studies
Food type Number of studies Location Total number of cans tested Percent of cans with BPA detected BPA range , ppb ( ug/ kg ) EWG study : BPA range , ppb ( ug/ kg ) Ref -
erences Beverages 1 Austria 7 0 % < 0.9 - 3.4 2.4 - 8.2 [ 2 ]
Canned meat +
3 New Zealand , UK 10 ~ 75 % 8.6 - 89 NA [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Fruit 2 Austria , UK 6 > 80 % 5 - 38 2.2 - 27 [ 2 , 5 ] Fruit & vegetables 1 New Zealand 38 unavailable < 20 - 24 NA [ 9 ]
Infant food 2 New Zealand , UK 10 30 % < 10 - 77 NA [ 5 , 9 ]
Infant formula 3 US , UK , Taiwan 24 80 % < 0.002 - 113 10.9 - 17.1 [ 1 , 5 , 7 ] Pasta 3 New Zealand , UK 10 > 50 % < 7 - 130 16.2 - 247 [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Soup 3 New Zealand , UK 15 unavailable < 2 - 39 8.6 - 385 [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Tuna 4 New Zealand , UK , Mexico , Austria 16 75 % < 7 - 109 80 - 108 [ 5 , 8 , 9 ,
10 ] Vegetables 5 Austria , UK , Spain , US 34 > 80 % 4 - 76 8.9 - 330 [ 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ]
+ Does not include tuna
References
U.S. : [ 1 ]
Biles , J. E. , McNeal , T. P. and Begley , T. H. Determination of bisphenol A migrating from epoxy can coatings to infant formula liquid concentrates .
J Agric Food Chem 1997 ; 45 : 4697-4700 .
Austria : [ 2 ]
Braunrath , R. , Podlipna , D. , Padlesak , S. and Cichna - Markl , M. Determination of bisphenol A in canned foods by immunoaffinity chromatography , HPLC , and fluorescence detection .
J Agric Food Chem 2005 ; 53 : 8911 -7 .
Spain : [ 3 ]
Brotons , J. A. , Olea - Serrano , M. F. , Villalobos , M. , Pedraza , V. and Olea , N. Xenoestrogens released from lacquer coatings in food cans .
Environ Health Perspect 1995 ; 103 : 608-12 .
U.S. : [ 4 ]
FDA .
Cumulative Exposure Estimated for Bisphenol A ( BPA ) , Individually for Adults and Infants from Its Use in Epoxy - Based Can Coatings and Polycarbonate ( PC ) Articles , verbal request of 10 - 23 - 95 , memorandum to G. Diachenki , Ph.D , Division of Product Manufacture and Use , HGS - 245 , from Allan B. Bailey , Ph.D. , Chemistry Review Branch , HFS - 245 .
Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration .
Food and Drug Administration ; 1996 .
U.K. : [ 5 ]
Goodson , A. , Robin , H. , Summerfield , W. and Cooper , I. Migration of bisphenol A from can coatings -- effects of damage , storage conditions and heating .
Food Addit Contam 2004 ; 21 : 1015 - 26 .
U.K. : [ 6 ]
Goodson , A. , Summerfield , W. and Cooper , I. Survey of bisphenol A and bisphenol F in canned foods .
Food Addit Contam 2002 ; 19 : 796-802 .
Taiwan : [ 7 ]
Kuo , H. - W. and Ding , W. - H.
Trace determination of bisphenol A and phytoestrogens in infant formula powders by gas chromatography - mass spectometry .
J Chromatogr A 2004 ; 1027 : 67-74 .
Mexico : [ 8 ]
Munguía - López , E. M. , Gerardo - Lugo , S. , Peralta , E. , Bolumen , S. and Soto - Valdez , H. Migration of bisphenol A ( BPA ) from can coatings into a fatty - food simulant and tuna fish .
Food Addit Contam 2005 ; 22 : 892-8
New Zealand : [ 9 ]
Thomson , B. M. and Grounds , P. R. Bisphenol
A in canned foods in New Zealand : an exposure assessment .
Food Addit Contam 2005 ; 22 : 65 -72 .
Summary of BPA measurements in canned food from 9 previous studies
Food type Number of studies Location Total number of cans tested Percent of cans with BPA detected BPA range , ppb ( ug/ kg ) EWG study : BPA range , ppb ( ug/ kg ) Ref -
erences Beverages 1 Austria 7 0 % < 0.9 - 3.4 2.4 - 8.2 [ 2 ]
Canned meat +
3 New Zealand , UK 10 ~ 75 % 8.6 - 89 NA [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Fruit 2 Austria , UK 6 > 80 % 5 - 38 2.2 - 27 [ 2 , 5 ] Fruit & vegetables 1 New Zealand 38 unavailable < 20 - 24 NA [ 9 ]
Infant food 2 New Zealand , UK 10 30 % < 10 - 77 NA [ 5 , 9 ]
Infant formula 3 US , UK , Taiwan 24 80 % < 0.002 - 113 10.9 - 17.1 [ 1 , 5 , 7 ] Pasta 3 New Zealand , UK 10 > 50 % < 7 - 130 16.2 - 247 [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Soup 3 New Zealand , UK 15 unavailable < 2 - 39 8.6 - 385 [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Tuna 4 New Zealand , UK , Mexico , Austria 16 75 % < 7 - 109 80 - 108 [ 5 , 8 , 9 ,
10 ] Vegetables 5 Austria , UK , Spain , US 34 > 80 % 4 - 76 8.9 - 330 [ 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ]
+ Does not include tuna
References
U.S. : [ 1 ]
Biles , J. E. , McNeal , T. P. and Begley , T. H. Determination of bisphenol A migrating from epoxy can coatings to infant formula liquid concentrates .
J Agric Food Chem 1997 ; 45 : 4697-4700 .
Austria : [ 2 ]
Braunrath , R. , Podlipna , D. , Padlesak , S. and Cichna - Markl , M. Determination of bisphenol A in canned foods by immunoaffinity chromatography , HPLC , and fluorescence detection .
J Agric Food Chem 2005 ; 53 : 8911 -7 .
Spain : [ 3 ]
Brotons , J. A. , Olea - Serrano , M. F. , Villalobos , M. , Pedraza , V. and Olea , N. Xenoestrogens released from lacquer coatings in food cans .
Environ Health Perspect 1995 ; 103 : 608-12 .
U.S. : [ 4 ]
FDA .
Cumulative Exposure Estimated for Bisphenol A ( BPA ) , Individually for Adults and Infants from Its Use in Epoxy - Based Can Coatings and Polycarbonate ( PC ) Articles , verbal request of 10 - 23 - 95 , memorandum to G. Diachenki , Ph.D , Division of Product Manufacture and Use , HGS - 245 , from Allan B. Bailey , Ph.D. , Chemistry Review Branch , HFS - 245 .
Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration .
Food and Drug Administration ; 1996 .
U.K. : [ 5 ]
Goodson , A. , Robin , H. , Summerfield , W. and Cooper , I. Migration of bisphenol A from can coatings -- effects of damage , storage conditions and heating .
Food Addit Contam 2004 ; 21 : 1015 - 26 .
U.K. : [ 6 ]
Goodson , A. , Summerfield , W. and Cooper , I. Survey of bisphenol A and bisphenol F in canned foods .
Food Addit Contam 2002 ; 19 : 796-802 .
Taiwan : [ 7 ]
Kuo , H. - W. and Ding , W. - H.
Trace determination of bisphenol A and phytoestrogens in infant formula powders by gas chromatography - mass spectometry .
J Chromatogr A 2004 ; 1027 : 67-74 .
Mexico : [ 8 ]
Munguía - López , E. M. , Gerardo - Lugo , S. , Peralta , E. , Bolumen , S. and Soto - Valdez , H. Migration of bisphenol A ( BPA ) from can coatings into a fatty - food simulant and tuna fish .
Food Addit Contam 2005 ; 22 : 892-8
New Zealand : [ 9 ]
Thomson , B. M. and Grounds , P. R. Bisphenol
A in canned foods in New Zealand : an exposure assessment .
Food Addit Contam 2005 ; 22 : 65 -72 .
BPA is toxic at low doses
Numerous studies indicate exposure to low levels of BPA causes a range of serious health effects in laboratory animals , particularly when exposures occur in utero ( Maffini 2006 ) .
Below we list 21 key studies that indicate low - dose effects .
Many of these were deemed by CERHR to be ' useful ' for the purposes of evaluating BPA 's low - dose effects on human health ( CERHR 2006 ) .
The harmful doses defined by these studies are well below EPA 's current safe dose for BPA of 50 ug / kg - day .
And as shown on the table below , a pregnant woman's or infant 's BPA dose from a single serving of food from many of the cans tested in our study would fall within a margin of 10 from the harmful effects shown in these studies .
Many studies confirm BPA 's low - dose toxicity across a diverse range of toxic effects
Daily BPA exposure ( ug / kg body weight - day ) CERHR conclusion *
Toxic effect Study details Reference % cans tested by EWG with single - serving BPA levels within a margin of 10 from harmful dose 0.0001 not included alterations in cell signalling pathways on the cell surface that control calcium eflux in cells in - vitro study which compared activity of BPA and other hormone disruptors Wozniak 2005 56.7 ( all cans with detected BPA ) 0.025 " very useful " persistent changes to breast tissue , predisposes cells to hormones and carcinogens fetal exposure , osmotic pumps , changes noted a 6 months of age Muñoz - de - Toro 2005 55.7 0.025 " useful and shows tissue effects at extremely low dose levels " permanent changes to genital tract fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Markey 2005 55.7 0.2 utility " limited " decrease antioxidant enzymes adult exposure , oral Chitra 2003 47.4 0.25 utility " to be added " altered growth , cell size and lumen formation in mammary epithelium of mouse fetuses .
exposure during pregnancy w/osmotic pumps Vandenberg 2007 45.4 2 " useful " increased prostate weight 30 % fetal exposure , oral route Nagel 1997 20.6 2 " moderately useful " increased aggression at 8 weeks of life fetal exposure , oral route Kawai 2003 20.6 2.4 " useful " , but non-traditional endpoint Decreased time from vaginal opening to first estrus , possibly earlier puberty fetal exposure , oral route Howdeshell 1999 17.5 2.4 " useful " lower bodyweight , increase of anogenital distance in both genders , signs of early puberty and longer estrus .
fetal exposure , oral route Honma 2002 17.5 2.4 " adequate " decline in testicular testosterone fetal and neonatal exposure , gavage Akingbemi 2004 17.5 2.5 utility " to be added " breast cells predisposed to cancer fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Murray 2007 16.5 2.5 not included immune system impacts oral exposure Sawai 2003 16.5 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer infant oral exposure , 3 day duration Ho 2006 2.1 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer fetal exposure , oral route , short duration Timms 2005 2.1 10 not included insulin resistance develops in 2 days , chronic hyperinsulinemia at day 4 subcutaneous injection , short duration exposure Alonso - Magdalena 2006 2.1 10 " very useful " decreased maternal behaviors fetal and neonatal exposure , oral route Palanza 2002 2.1 20 not included damage to eggs and chromosomes fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Hunt 2003 0 20 not included damage to eggs fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Susiarjo 2007 0 20 not included brain effects - disrupted neocortical development by accelerating neuronal differentiation and migration single injection Nakamura 2006 0 30 " ... adequate for the evaluation process and gives cause for concern " reversed the normal sex differences in brain structure and behavior oral during gestation and lactation Kubo 2003 0 30 " suitable " hyperactivity oral Ishido 2004 0 50 EPA RfD EPA 's ' safe exposure level , based on outdated , high dose studies and a 1000 - fold margin of safety EPA 1998 0
*CERHR conclusion refers to the Center for Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction expert panel assessment of the utility of the study in the panel 's review of BPA risks to human reproduction ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Statistics on percent cans with single servings that would yield human dose within a margin of 10 of the toxic dose are generated with the following assumptions : BPA calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg /13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g/30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
People are exposed at harmful levels
A recent study from the Centers for Disease Control tested a demographically diverse group of almost 400 Americans for evidence of exposure to BPA and found that 95 % of study participants had the chemical in their urine ( Calafat et al. 2005 ) .
BPA has been linked to a variety of health outcomes which are increasing in the United States and responsible for a major toll on our collective health .
These include breast and prostate cancer , and infertility ( Maffini 2006 ) .
An analysis of CDC 's body burden measurements shows that women are routinely exposed within a margin of 10 to doses that caused toxic effects in laboratory studies .
The government typically mandates a 1,000 - to 3,000 - fold margin of safety between human exposures and levels found to harm lab animals .
In the case of BPA , however , women routinely exceed this safety margin for 7 of the toxic doses from studies the CERHR has classified as appropriate for assessing human risks ( see CERHR 2006 and Section 3 of this report ) .
An analysis of CDC 's data on women 's exposures to BPA shows :
90 % of all women are exposed to BPA at levels within a factor of 10 or less from doses shown to increase breast cancer risk and cause permanent changes in genital tract formation ( see Section 3 for details ) .
Scientists are debating the appropriate " effective dose " of BPA from the particular studies that measured these toxic effects , since BPA was delivered directly to the animals ' bloodstream instead of through ingestion .
1.1 % of all women are exposed to BPA within a margin of 10 of doses linked to early puberty .
3.1 % of all women are exposed to BPA within a margin of 10 of doses linked to damage to the developing male reproductive system .
CDC data show that people are routinely exposed to unsafe levels of BPA
Source : EWG analysis of CDC measurements of BPA in urine from Calafat et al. ( 2005 ) .
Estimates assume 2 liters of urine excreted per day ; and rely on linear interpolation between the percentiles of data provided in the study documentation , and linear extrapolation above the 95th percentile , using a best - fit estimation from the intercept at the 100th percentile of exposure .
Populations with unusual exposures are at special risk
Body burden studies indicate a fraction of the population is highly exposed to BPA .
The most highly exposed people in the adult monitoring study excreted 6 times more BPA than the average participant ( Calafat 2005 ) .
A study of 7 - year - old girls from 5 US cities found similar , if not slightly higher , exposures for children compared to adults ( Wolff et al. 2006 ) .
Only summary results are available from the Wolff study , but they indicate an average exposure of 0.06 ug / kg- day , ( CERHR 2006 ) and a maximum of 54.3 ug /L , 27 times higher than the median concentration .
Since both studies collected samples at a single point in time it is difficult to know how much an individual 's exposure varies from day to day .
A few studies have collected 24 - hour urine measurements over several days and found a high degree of variation in day - to - day exposure for individuals ( Arakawa 2004 ) .
Pre-natal and early life exposures .
Studies have also documented BPA in fetal cord blood , amniotic fluid , and breast milk in women from industrialized countries , sometimes at higher concentrations than in maternal serum ( Ikezuki et al .
2002 ; Schonfelder , Flick et al .
2002 ; Schonfelder , Wittfoht et al .
2002 ; Sun 2004 ; Irie et al.
2004 ; Kuruto - Niwa , Tateoka et al. 2007 ) .
In laboratory animals BPA is rapidly passed to the developing fetus , and detected at higher concentrations in fetal than maternal blood ( Schonfelder , Flick et al .
2002 ; Schonfelder , Wittfoht et al. 2002 ) .
Concern about daily pre- and post-natal exposures is heightened by the fact that detoxification mechanisms that rapidly deactivate and filter BPA from the body are not fully functional in the fetus and newborn .
Most BPA is detoxified through a process known as glucuronidation , and the body 's glucuronidation systems are not fully developed at birth ( Schonfelder , Flick et al .
2002 ; Schonfelder , Wittfoht et al. 2002 ) .
Takahashi exposed pregnant rats to BPA and found both the mean and maximum retention times of BPA in fetuses are longer than in maternal blood .
( Takahashi and Oishi 2000 ) Hepatic glucuronidation activity in children aged 13 – 24 months was found to be 12 - to 40 - fold lower than in adults for five pharmaceutical drugs ( Strassburg , Strassburg et al. 2002 ) .
These findings provide evidence that exposure to BPA is pervasive and inclusive of the most vulnerable members of the population , namely the developing fetus , infant , and child .
The body 's immature detoxification systems result in greater exposure to the harmful form of BPA during infancy — a vulnerable period for brain and reproductive system development .
EWG 's measurements of infant formula and various tests finding BPA leaching from polycarbonate baby bottles indicate that heightened pre-natal exposures might be followed by an intense period of dietary BPA exposure , resulting in much greater vulnerability for infants as opposed to children and adults .
Additional sources of BPA exposure in the human population
Canned food is a predominant , but not exclusive source of daily BPA exposure .
BPA is found in many everyday products such as the hard clear plastic food containers — including baby bottles , baby toys , dental fillings and sealants , electronics , adhesives , paints and varnishes .
BPA is found in a variety of other PVC plastics .
Brominated BPA is a fire retardant with widespread use in the plastics used for electronics .
Polycarbonate plastics are rigid and clear or translucent , and often used for foods since they do not impart a plastic taste into food products .
Polycarbonate plastics are often marked with the number 7 .
They are common in baby bottles , sippy toddler cups , Nalgene and other adult water bottles as well as plastics designed for longer - term food storage and microwave use .
Water services using carboys also employ polycarbonate plastic .
Polycarbonate is also made into disposable plastic tableware .
Migration studies show a small degree of BPA leaching from plastics that are heated or abraded .
Another common source of BPA exposure is from tooth - colored dental fillings or sealants — which can contain up to 50 percent BPA ( FDA 2004 ) .
Most exposure assessments consider these exposures to be intense but short lived since BPA is rapidly excreted from the body .
BPA is used in a variety of industrial products most of which result in little exposure for the general population .
However worker exposures in these settings would be a particular concern for the smaller number of people with on - going , high level exposures .
These might include plastics manufacturing for mobile phone housings , displays , computer parts , household electrical equipment , lamp fittings , automotive plastics , thermal paper and printing inks ( CERHR 2006 ) .
BPA is a building block for polycarbonate plastic and epoxy resins .
BPA and related compounds leach from plastic and metal can linings into food and drinks — particularly after heating or as plastic ages — and from dental sealants .
Canned food exposures are significant
An analysis of EWG 's tests for BPA contamination in canned food reveals that people who eat canned foods are likely to ingest doses of BPA that are very close to levels now known to harm laboratory animals .
EWG assessed human exposures in two ways - estimating single - day exposures using standard government assumptions for consumption and body weight ; and estimating chronic exposures for women who routinely eat canned food , via Monte Carlo techniques and government data and assumptions on relative consumption rates for different types of canned foods .
Our analyses show :
Single serving exposures .
For 1 in 10 cans of all food tested , and 1 in 3 cans of infant formula , a single serving contained enough BPA to expose a woman or infant to BPA levels more than 200 times the government 's traditional safe level of exposure for industrial chemicals ( Figure ) .
The government typically mandates a 1,000 - to 3,000 - fold margin of safety between human exposures and levels found to harm lab animals , but these servings contained levels of BPA less than 5 times lower than doses that harmed lab animals .
For 1 in 10 cans of all food tested , and 1 in 3 cans of infant formula , a single serving contained enough BPA to expose a woman or infant to BPA levels more than 200 times the government 's traditional safe level of exposure for industrial chemicals ( Figure ) .
The government typically mandates a 1,000 - to 3,000 - fold margin of safety between human exposures and levels found to harm lab animals , but these servings contained levels of BPA less than 5 times lower than doses that harmed lab animals .
Chronic exposures .
Our analyses show that for women who routinely eat canned food , chronic exposure levels throughout pregnancy can exceed safe doses .
For example , the BPA dose for one - quarter of all women eating 2 servings of canned food daily would fall within a margin of 10 from levels linked to prostate damage and diabetes in studies of in utero exposures .
Methods and findings from our in - depth analysis of BPA exposures for women and infants are described in detail below .
Single serving exposures to canned foods contaminated with BPA
Our analysis shows that single servings from 20 of the 53 cans with detectable BPA put consumers within an uncomfortable range of the levels that directly harm lab animals .
These tests found levels just 1.6 to 10 times lower than the doses that impacted the male reproductive system and caused increased aggressiveness in lab animals ( 2 ug / kg - day ) ( Nagel 1998 ; Kawai 2003 ) .
In comparison , regulatory agencies typically require a margin of safety of 1000 to 3000 between human exposures and the effects found in animal studies .
Methods of analysis are described below the figure that displays exposure findings for each food type we tested .
While most of the available BPA toxicity studies dose lab animals over longer durations than a single day , short - term or every single day doses such as those estimated below can be significant when they occur in windows of vulnerability during development .
BPA is at unsafe levels in one of every 10 servings of canned foods ( 11 % ) and one of every 3 cans of infant formula ( 33 % )
Source : Chemical analyses of 97 canned foods by Southern Testing and Research Division of Microbac Laboratories , Inc. , North Carolina .
EWG calculated people 's BPA exposures from canned food using the following assumptions : Calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg or 13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g or 30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
Estimated single - serving exposures are compared against BPA dose of 2 ug / kg/d linked in lab studies to permanent damage of reproductive system from in utero exposures and referenced as " toxic dose " in figure above ( see Section 3 of this report ) .
Government safety standards are often set to control human exposures at least a factor of 1,000 below the harmful effects in animal studies .
This margin of safety is incorporated because public health agencies are aiming to protect , in the case of a developmental toxicant like BPA , four million pregnancies each year based on data from which is typically a small number of laboratory animals .
Agencies normally incorporate safety factors to account for intra- and interspecies differences ( rat - to - rat differences in susceptibility , and rat - to - human differences , for instance ) as well as factors to account for data gaps and other uncertainties .
In the case of BPA toxicity , the lowest exposure of 2 to 2.5 ug per kilogram of body weight per day via food or water shows permanent effects to reproductive systems , antioxidant hormones , behavior and hormone levels ( Nagel 1997 ; Chitra 2003 ; Kawai 2003 ; Howdeshell 1999 ; Honma 2002 ) .
With these lowest - dose studies in mind , we tallied the percent of our canned food samples that would subject an average consumer to an unacceptable risk of harm .
The exposures reflected below for infant formula would be even higher for children younger , lighter , or hungrier than the typical 3 - month - old assumed for our assessment .
We tallied the percent of cans by food type that contain servings of BPA - contaminated food that would fall within a margin of 5 to 100 of the 2.0 ug / kg-d BPA dose linked to permanent effects in laboratory animals .
All the canned pasta and half the canned tuna and beans tested contain levels of BPA in a single serving that would exceed a level of exposure calculated using a margin of safety of 100 , or an exposure level 100 times less than that associated with harmful health effects in laboratory studies .
One - third of the canned infant formula tested contained levels of BPA in a single serving that would exceed a level of exposure calculated using a margin of safety of just 5 .
BPA in a single serving of many foods tested would exceed a minimal margin of safety from the low dose effects of oral exposure ( 2.0 ug / kg - d ) +
Food Type Number of cans tested Percent of cans with single - serving dose within margin of 5 from harmful level Percent of cans with single - serving dose within margin of 10 from harmful dose Percent of cans with single - serving dose within margin of 100 from harmful dose High - end daily intake for consumer * ( ug/ kg-d ) Pasta 6 33 % 33 % 100 % 0.87 Infant formula# 6 33 % 33 % 33 % 1.20 Vegetable 17 29 % 29 % 35 % 0.65 Soup 19 11 % 53 % 89 % 1.32 Meal replacement 5 0 % 20 % 40 % 0.34 Tuna 6 0 % 0 % 50 % 0.12 Beans 6 0 % 0 % 50 % 0.08 Fruit 17 0 % 0 % 24 % 0.06 Soda 12 0 % 0 % 17 % 0.05 Milk products 3 0 % 0 % 0 % 0.004 All foods 97 11 % 21 % 46 % NA
* Calculated for a single serving of the can with the maximum BPA detection for that food type
# Serving = average daily intake for 3 month - old infant exclusively formula fed
+ Nagel et al .
1997
The most comprehensive assessments of BPA exposure are body burden studies of adults and pre-teen girl by CDC measuring BPA urine concentrations .
The NTP - CERHR reviewed this and other body burden studies .
They conclude that overall the urine monitoring data suggests typical daily intakes of bisphenol A between 0.02 and 0.06 ug BPA per kg bodyweight per day ( ug / kg-d ) in American adults and children ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Our analyses also show that a serving of the food ( within each food type tested ) with the highest BPA levels result in doses 10 to 20 times higher than those deemed ' typical ' by CERHR 's review document , and exceed the highest exposures measured in two CDC biomonitoring studies of nearly 500 adults and 7 year - old girls ( Calafat 2005 ; Wolff 2006 ) .
These estimates are labeled " high - end food exposures " in the chart below .
People 's BPA exposures overlap with doses shown to harm laboratory animals
Several important factors can drive people 's exposures to BPA even higher than the estimates above , including portion size and differences in infant size and consumption rates .
Larger portions .
Our calculations are based on ' official ' USDA serving sizes , which underestimate the amounts many Americans eat .
For instance , one 15 oz can of chicken soup , considered to be two servings by the government , could easily be eaten in a single meal .
The BPA dose for a pregnant women eating this can of soup would be 2.6 ug / kg body weight , and would exceed the doses in the most sensitive studies with absolutely no margin of safety .
Exposure considerations for infants .
EWG detected BPA in 2 of 6 concentrated infant formulas .
Our calculations suggest that infants consuming concentrated formulas may be among the most highly exposed in the population .
Prior to serving concentrated formula to an infant , parents and other caregivers dilute it 50 percent with water .
We calculate that a 3 - month - old child eating formula with detectable BPA would have ingested 0.76 or 1.2 ug / kg - day from the 2 formulas with detectable BPA in our sample of 6 cans .
A 3 - month - old infant of average weight and appetite being nourished exclusively from these formulas would receive concentrations of BPA approaching those in the lowest dose toxicity studies .
Since infants typically eat the same brand of formula repeatedly , these harmful exposures could occur daily for their first 6 months of life .
Lighter infants or those who drink more than 30 oz per day would have an even more intense exposure .
FDA 's exposure calculations have used the same daily intake but a 4 kg infant , for an even higher relative dose ( Bailey , FDA 1996 ) .
There are few published studies on BPA levels in other formula or other foods eaten by infants .
One study by Taiwanese researchers determined the levels of BPA in six brands of canned powdered infant formula .
BPA was detected in all samples at concentrations ranging from 45 to 113 parts per billion ( ug/ kg ) , much higher than levels detected in the concentrated formula samples tested by EWG ( Kuo 2004 ) .
The authors calculate a 2.3 ug / kg - d exposure from these formulas alone for a 3 - month - old infant ( Kuo 2004 ) .
These results are greater than EWG 's findings for concentrated liquid formula and would need to be confirmed in US formula samples and in a second laboratory .
In the meantime there is a critical data gap about the magnitude and safety of infant exposures .
Assessment of canned food exposures versus CDC 's measured exposures in 200 women .
We conducted analyses to find if the levels of BPA in canned food found in our study could account for a substantial fraction of CDC 's measured exposures in the general population , as is expected .
These preliminary assessments confirm the dominance of canned food as a BPA exposure source , but also suggest that other sources may be important , particularly in the lower ranges of exposure .
To conduct this analysis , we relied on the government 's National Health and Examination Survey ( CDC 2002 ) for data on canned food consumption .
This survey , which we maintain in - house in an electronic database , contains one - day , detailed consumption records for 1,929 women of childbearing age ( ages 15 - 44 ) , of whom 1,887 report their body weight .
We coupled the canned food consumption data and body weight information from this database with the BPA concentrations from this food survey , averaged by food type .
We assessed three scenarios , one in which we analyzed the one - day exposures for each woman in this database who specifically reported eating food from a can , one for which we include reported soda consumption in addition to canned foods , and a third for which we include potential BPA exposures from foods that can contain canned foods as significant ingredients .
For soda and foods that may in part be made from canned ingredients , we may overestimate BPA exposures — the consumption database does not distinguish the fraction of soda contained in cans versus other containers ; or the fraction of foods made from canned ingredients .
For the purpose of this preliminary calculation , in both these cases we assume that all of the food is contaminated with BPA at the levels we have measured .
We compare the distributions of exposure generated in the final scenario with the exposures indicated by CDC 's measurements of BPA in 200 women .
We have assumed that CDC 's measurements are representative of population - wide exposures for women of childbearing age .
These analyses , shown in the chart below , indicate that canned food is a substantial source of BPA exposure .
Our analyses under - predict BPA in the low ranges of exposure , suggesting that other sources may be significant in these ranges .
Further research in this area should include the use of consumption databases with more comprehensive information on canned food consumption than that provided in government databases .
This information is available from commercial sources .
EWG 's tests show that canned foods are a significant fraction of people 's total BPA exposure
Exposures above reflect the following single - day consumption rates from NHANES : 69 % of women report eating canned food or soda ( does not include foods with canned ingredients ) ; 40 % - 1 serving ; 20 % - 2 servings ; 6.9 % - 3 servings ; 1.6 % - 4 servings ; 0.5 % - 5 + servings .
For canned food consumption only ( no soda , no accounting of food made with canned ingredients ) consumption rates are : 11.7 % - 1 serving ; 1.5 % - 2 servings ; 0.15 % - 3 servings .
Chronic exposure estimates show potential for high exposures throughout pregnancy
We conducted analyses to predict average , chronic exposure levels for women who regularly eat canned food .
As with our predictions for single - day exposures , we relied on body weight information for women of childbearing age ( 15 - 44 ) from CDC's National Health and Examination Survey .
We conducted a Monte Carlo simulation in which women were sequentially assigned BPA concentration and food consumption types and quantities from our underlying databases , for 280 days throughout pregnancy .
We calculated each woman 's average BPA exposure during pregnancy as the sum of all of her individual , daily BPA exposures divided by the duration of pregnancy .
For each woman included in the simulation and for each " food eating " event in her pregnancy , we randomly assigned a BPA concentration from among our canned food test results , and randomly assigned a serving size from among the serving sizes reported in NHANES for the particular food type assumed .
For each simulated " eating occasion , " we randomly selected the food type consumed using a weighting function that reflected the relative chance each food type would be consumed by a woman of childbearing age on any given day .
EWG analyzed chronic exposures for women who eat either 1 , 2 , or 3 servings of canned food daily throughout pregnancy .
We compared the percent of women in each of these scenarios who would exceed a given dose , against a number of toxic doses measured in lab studies .
In each case , we found that significant fractions of women who regularly eat canned food would exceed safe levels of BPA exposures on average throughout pregnancy .
Our analysis relies on government canned food consumption data and measured BPA levels from our tests of commonly eaten canned foods .
We did not include soda consumption in these analyses .
Many women who eat canned food are exposed to unsafe levels of BPA
All women eating 1 , 2 , or 3 servings of canned food per day , respectively , would get an average BPA dose above that linked to breast cancer and damage of the female reproductive system ( 0.025 ug / kg/d ) .
0.025 ug/kg/d
54 % and 95 % of women eating 2 or 3 servings of canned food per day , respectively , would get an average BPA dose less than a factor of 10 away from doses linked to prostate damage and aggression in addition to effects listed for higher doses above ( 2.0 ug / kg / d ) .
All women eating 1 , 2 , or 3 servings of canned food daily are exposed to BPA doses within a factor of 100 from this toxic dose .
2.0 ug/kg/d
24 % and 84 % of women eating 1 to 3 servings of canned food per day throughout pregnancy would get an average BPA dose less than a factor of 10 away from doses linked to early puberty and diabetes ( 2.4 ug / kg/d ) in addition to effects listed for higher doses above .
All women eating 1 , 2 , or 3 servings of canned food daily are exposed to BPA doses within a factor of 100 from this toxic dose .
2.4 ug/kg/d
53 % , 99.6 % , and 100 % of women eating 1 , 2 , or 3 servings of canned food per day throughout pregnancy , respectively , would get an average BPA dose less than a factor of 100 away from doses linked to prostate damage and diabetes in addition to effects listed for higher doses above ( 10 ug / kg/ d ) .
10 ug/kg/d
2.6 % of women eating 2 servings of canned food per day throughout pregnancy would get an average BPA dose less than a factor of 100 away from a dose linked to structural damage of the brain ( 30 ug / kg/d ) .
55 % of women eating 3 servings of canned food per day throughout pregnancy would also exceed this margin of safety .
30 ug/kg/d
BPA and human diseases on the rise
A recent study from the Centers for Disease Control tested a demographically diverse group of almost 400 Americans for evidence of exposure to BPA and found that 95 % of study participants had the chemical in their urine ( Calafate 2005 ; Wolff 2007 ) .
BPA has been linked to a variety of health outcomes which are prevalent and in many cases increasing in the United States and responsible for a major toll on our collective health .
These include breast and prostate cancer , and infertility ( Maffini 2006 ) .
BPA 's toxic effects in lab animals are on the rise and common in people
Female reproductive effects linked to BPA exposure
There are few published studies on the effects of exposure to BPA in humans .
Japanese scientists found that women with polycystic ovarian syndrome had higher serum levels of BPA relative to women with normal ovarian function , and that there were positive correlations between BPA concentrations and androgen levels ( Takeuchi et al. 2006 ) .
Polycystic ovarian syndrome is the most common form of female infertility in the U.S. , affecting 5 to 10 percent of American women .
Another study found an inverse relationship between BPA concentrations and the presence of complex endometrial hyperplasia ; the authors suggested that this surprising finding pointed to a more complex relationship between BPA exposure and estrogen dependent diseases than previously thought .
( Hiroi , Tsutsumi et al. 2004 ) Lastly , a study of women with a history of recurrent miscarriages found they had higher serum BPA when compared with women with normal pregnancies , leading the authors of the study to conclude that " exposure to bisphenol A is associated with recurrent miscarriage " ( Sugiura - Ogasawara et al. 2005 ) .
Recurrent miscarriages affect one percent of American couples trying to conceive ( Rai 2006 ) .
Male reproductive effects linked to BPA exposure
Men with occupational exposure to epoxy resins were found to have decreased secretion of follicle stimulating hormone when compared with men without occupational exposure to epoxy resins ( Hanaoka et al. 2002 ) .
Follicle stimulating hormone is critical to sperm formation ; diminished secretion of this hormone in men can result in reduced sperm concentration and infertility .
American diseases trends show increase in impacts related to BPA in lab animals
Exposure to Bisphenol A is widespread in the United States , and it has been linked to a number of adverse health effects in animal studies , including breast and prostate cancers , impaired fertility , and insulin resistance ( Maffini 2006 ) .
While a few studies link BPA exposure to altered reproductive system function in women and men , but these human studies are costly and complicated to perform .
Thus animal studies will always provide an indication of potential impacts to human health .
The health impacts of BPA exposure in animals bear special consideration in light of disease trends in the American population .
The US is noted to have one of the highest incidence rates for breast and prostate cancers in the world ; lifetime risk for these cancers has steadily risen over the last two decades .
Cancer rates now reflect a 1 in 8 lifetime risk of breast cancer for women , and a 1 in 6 risk of prostate cancer for men ( SEER 2006 ) .
Invasive female breast cancer increased an average of 1.5 percent per year between 1973 and 1996 , for a total increase of 25.3 percent .
Among those 65 and younger , breast cancer incidence rose 1.2 percent per year , corresponding to a doubling every two generations ( 58 years ) .
Prostate cancer rates increased by 85 percent between 1975 and 2002 ( SEER 2006 ) .
Part of this increase can be explained by better detection , but increased incidence has also been accompanied by an increase in mortality - which better detection cannot explain .
Prostate cancer is now the most common cancer among U.S. men , and the second most lethal , killing an estimated 27,000 men in the year 2007 alone ( SEER 2007 ) .
Infertility rates are notoriously difficult to track , but researchers estimate a 20 percent increase in the last decade , with an estimated 7.3 million American couples currently facing infertility ( Barrett 2006 ) .
As mentioned above , polycystic ovarian syndrome affects 5 to 10 percent of women of childbearing age , and is a leading cause of infertility ( Jakubowicz 2002 ) .
In addition , reduced secretion of follicle stimulating hormone can impair fertility in men .
Epidemiological studies link BPA to polycystic ovarian syndrome in women , and reduced secretion of follicle stimulating hormone in men ( Takeuchi et al. 2006 ; Hanaoka et al. 2002 ) .
Insulin resistance has also increased in incidence and is a major predictor for type II diabetes ; interestingly , women with polycystic ovarian syndrome also often develop insulin resistance as well ( AHA 2007 ) .
It is estimated that 30 million people in the US may have insulin resistance .
A recent study from Europe has also found a link between exposure to low doses of BPA and insulin resistance .
In this study , adult mice that were exposed to low doses of BPA — 10 ug / kg / day for four days ( Alonso - Magdalena , Morimoto et al. 2006 ) .
The exposed animals were found to have sustained increases in serum insulin levels after just two days of exposure and impaired glucose tolerance after four days .
Increased insulin levels are associated with Type 2 diabetes .
A relationship between diabetes and environmental contaminants is beginning to emerge in the scientific literature .
Dioxin exposure was first discovered as a contributing factor to diabetes among military personnel who worked with dioxin - containing Agent Orange during the Vietnam War .
A link to six other persistent toxins was recently reported in a study of 2000 North Carolinans ( Lee , Lee et al. 2006 , as reported in OSF 2006 ) .
While obesity is often thought of as the major risk factor for diabetes , it was not a significant contributor to disease in those participants with the lowest - level contaminant exposure .
Further research will clarify the contribution of environmental chemicals to the diabetes epidemic .
In the meantime , the possibility that BPA plays role in provoking insulin resistance in humans bears more attention .
Causal relationships between environmental exposures and health effects are often difficult to establish because of many factors , including non-standardized diagnosis of diseases , difficulties ascertaining exposure to ubiquitous environmental contaminants , and inadequate statistical power to address other contributing factors .
Endocrine disruptors , such as BPA , may very well play a part in the etiology of classic reproductive disorders and cancers , as well as diseases not often linked to hormonal activity — immune system conditions , learning and behavioral disorders , diabetes , and even obesity .
If BPA does indeed contribute to any of these epidemic disorders , the potential ramifications for public health are far - reaching .
Toxicity studies involving rodent exposure to BPA should not be considered in a void , but rather should be framed within the current context of clinical concerns for the U.S. population .
Companies reduced BPA exposures in Japan
Food manufacturers in other countries appear to be taking voluntary measures to reduce BPA contamination in food .
US manufacturers should do the same without waiting for the government to set stronger safety standards for this toxic chemical .
Japanese scientists , government and industry have all taken a notable interest in BPA exposure and reduction strategies .
Due to consumer concern about the toxic effects of BPA , Japanese industries voluntarily reduced the use of BPA dramatically between 1998 and 2003 .
In 1998 BPA concentrations ranging from 0.6 - 1 ug / L were detected in 12 of 20 canned drinks in Japan .
According to the Japanese government , voluntary efforts by can manufactures reduced the migration level a goal of < 5 ug / l .
To do so they changed the inner surface of the cans from EXR coating to PET film lamination , or they used a EXR paint with much less BPA migration into food .
Due to these BPA reduction and inactivation measures , the assessors noted that virtually no BPA is detected in canned foods and beverages now .
Also in Japan , polycarbonate tableware in school lunches were largely replaced with the safer alternatives of polypropylene or melamine , ABS resin , polyethylene naphthalate and stainless steel ( RCCRM 2005 ) .
Japanese efforts to reduce human exposure to BPA appear to have paid off with diminished BPA exposure .
Japanese risk assessors estimate that the reduced intake of BPA from the cans and tableware changes was 0.3 to 0.5 ug / kg / day per child .
But people consuming the most drinks would have an estimated reduction of 0.6 ug / kg/d from drinks alone ( Junko 2005 ) .
A group of researchers studying BPA exposure for college students noted a greater than 50 percent decline in BPA measurements in groups of college students examined before and after canned foods and tableware were redesigned .
Before the intervention , BPA detections in blood were strongly correlated with the frequency that students drank warm beverages , namely coffee and tea which are commonly contained in cans in Japan .
After the redesigned cans were introduced , the frequency of consuming canned drinks had no relationship to BPA measurements , which is what one would expect if BPA levels had been reduced ( Matsumoto 2003 ) .
According to the United Kingdom Food Standards Agency the food industry in the U.K. may also be taking voluntary steps to minimize BPA leaching from cans : " Industry is taking action to reduce levels of bisphenol A in canned food to as low as possible and is investigating alternatives to this substance " ( UKFSA 2001 ) .
Since alternatives to BPA appear to be both available and feasible , U.S. manufacturers should take action now to reduce their customer 's exposures to this toxic chemical .
Tables
EWG test results — BPA is common contaminant in name - brand canned foods heavily consumed by women and infants
Canned Foods Number of brands tested Number of cans tested Foods
tested BPA % detect Average BPA level * and range ( ppb ) All foods 30 97 57 % 7.9 ( ND - 385 ) Beans 3 6 baked beans 83 % 9.7 ( ND - 38 ) Fruit 6 17 mixed fruit , cranberry sauce , peaches , pears , pineapple 35 % 2.3 ( ND - 27 ) Infant formula 2 6 concentrated infant soy and milk - based formula 33 % 2.4 ( ND - 17 ) Meal replacement 2 5 liquid meal replacements 40 % 4.2 ( ND - 66 ) Milk products 3 evaporated milk 66 % 3.5 ( ND - 9 ) Pasta 2 6 ravioli , spaghetti 100 % 63.5 ( 16 - 247 ) Soda 2 12 cola , diet cola 42 % 1.7 ( ND - 8 ) Soup 5 19 beef stew , chicken noodle , chicken rice , chicken vegetable , tomato , vegetable 89 % 57.6 ( ND - 385 ) Tuna 2 6 chunk lite , solid white 50 % 9.6 ( ND - 108 ) Vegetable 8 17 corn , green beans , mixed vegetables , peas , tomatoes 41 % 7.8 ( ND - 330 )
BPA concentrations are expressed in parts per billion ( ppb ) by weight ( micrograms of BPA per kilogram of food ) .
* Average is the geometric mean .
Non-detects considered to be 1/2 the detection limit ( 1 ppb ) for purposes of this calculation .
BPA levels in individual cans - from EWG 's test program of 97 cans of 30 name - brand foods
Type of canned food Specific food type State of purchase Bisphenol A ( ppb ) # Serving size ( oz ) +
Average BPA exposure from single serving ( ug / kg-d ) *
Beans baked beans GA < 2 4.1 ND Beans baked beans GA 37.7 4.6 0.08 Beans baked beans CA 27.1 4.7 0.06 Beans baked beans CT 27 4.0 0.05 Beans baked beans CT 6.34 4.1 0.01 Beans baked beans CA 4.83 4.1 0.01 Fruit cranberry sauce CA < 2 2.7 ND Fruit cranberry sauce CT < 2 2.7 ND Fruit cranberry sauce GA < 2 2.7 ND Fruit mixed fruit CA < 2 4.3 ND Fruit mixed fruit CA < 2 4.1 ND Fruit mixed fruit CT < 2 4.1 ND Fruit mixed fruit GA < 2 4.3 ND Fruit mixed fruit GA < 2 4.4 ND Fruit mixed fruit CT 10.6 4.4 0.02 Fruit peaches GA < 2 4.4 ND Fruit peaches CT 7.43 4.2 0.01 Fruit pears CT < 2 4.4 ND Fruit pears CA 15.6 4.4 0.03 Fruit pears GA 14 4.3 0.03 Fruit pineapple GA < 2 4.4 ND Fruit pineapple CT 26.9 4.4 0.06 Fruit pineapple CA 2.2 4.0 0.00
Infant formula milk formula with iron CT < 2 30.0 ND
Infant formula milk formula with iron GA < 2 30.0 ND Infant formula milk formula with iron CA 17.1 30.0 1.20 Infant formula milk formula with iron GA 10.9 30.0 0.76
Infant formula soy formula with iron CA < 2 30.0 ND Infant formula soy formula with iron CT < 2 30.0 ND Meal replacement chocolate shake CA < 2 11.0 ND Meal replacement chocolate shake CA < 2 11.0 ND Meal replacement chocolate shake CT < 2 11.0 ND Meal replacement chocolate shake GA 65.5 11.0 0.34 Meal replacement vanilla shake GA 19.3 11.0 0.10
Other evaporated milk CT < 2 1.0 ND
Other evaporated milk GA 9 1.0 0.00 Other evaporated milk CA 4.83 1.0 0.00 Pasta ravioli CA 247 7.5 0.87 Pasta ravioli GA 220 7.5 0.78 Pasta ravioli CT 16.2 7.5 0.06 Pasta spaghetti CA 52.9 7.5 0.19 Pasta spaghetti GA 38.1 7.5 0.13 Pasta spaghetti CT 37.1 7.4 0.13 Soda cola CA < 2 12.5 ND Soda cola CT < 2 8.4 ND Soda cola CT < 2 8.4 ND Soda cola CA 4.19 12.5 0.02 Soda cola GA 3.35 12.5 0.02 Soda cola GA 2.41 8.4 0.01 Soda diet cola CA < 2 12.5 ND
Soda diet cola CT < 2 8.4 ND Soda diet cola CT < 2 8.4 ND Soda diet cola GA < 2 8.4 ND Soda diet cola CA 8.21 12.5 0.05 Soda diet cola GA 2.74 12.5 0.02 Soup beef stew CT 26.9 9.4 0.12 Soup beef stew CA 19 9.4 0.08 Soup chicken broth CT 8.64 7.0 0.03
Soup chicken noodle soup GA < 2 4.3 ND Soup chicken noodle soup CT 385 7.2 1.32 Soup chicken noodle soup CT 184 4.2 0.37 Soup chicken noodle soup CA 83.3 4.3 0.17 Soup chicken rice soup GA 121 4.2 0.24 Soup chicken rice soup CT 104.4 4.2 0.21 Soup chicken rice soup CA 103 4.2 0.20 Soup chicken vegetable soup CA 122 9.5 0.55 Soup chicken vegetable soup CT 49.1 9.5 0.22 Soup noodle soup CA 191 4.4 0.40 Soup noodle soup GA 99.3 4.2 0.20 Soup other soup CT < 15 7.1 ND Soup tomato soup CA 176 4.3 0.36 Soup tomato soup CT 88.5 4.3 0.18 Soup tomato soup GA 78.2 4.3 0.16 Soup vegetable soup CA 79.6 9.2 0.35 Tuna chunk lite CA < 2 2.4 ND Tuna chunk lite CT 108 2.4 0.12 Tuna chunk lite CA 89.8 2.4 0.10 Tuna chunk lite GA 80 2.4 0.09 Tuna chunk white GA < 2 2.4 ND Tuna solid white CT < 2 2.4 ND Vegetable corn CT < 2 4.4 ND Vegetable corn GA < 2 2.7 ND Vegetable green beans CA < 2 4.1 ND Vegetable green beans GA 284 4.1 0.56 Vegetable green beans CT 209 4.1 0.41 Vegetable mixed vegetables CA < 2 4.1 ND Vegetable mixed vegetables CT < 2 4.1 ND Vegetable mixed vegetables CT < 2 4.3 ND Vegetable mixed vegetables GA < 15 4.3 ND Vegetable mixed vegetables GA 330 4.1 0.65 Vegetable mixed vegetables CA 225 4.3 0.46 Vegetable peas CT < 2 4.3 ND Vegetable peas CA 203.5 4.3 0.41 Vegetable peas GA 22.7 4.3 0.05 Vegetable tomatoes CA < 2 2.2 ND Vegetable tomatoes CT < 2 4.1 ND Vegetable tomatoes GA 8.94 2.2 0.01
Source : Chemical analyses of 97 canned foods by Southern Testing and Research Division of Microbac Laboratories , Inc. , North Carolina .
# BPA concentrations are expressed in parts per billion ( ppb ) by weight ( micrograms of BPA per kilogram of food )
+ Serving size as noted on can label .
* BPA exposure is expressed in ug / kg-d , or micrograms of BPA per kilogram of body weight per day .
For comparison , numerous animal studies show toxic effects at 2 ug / kg/d and lower .
EWG estimated the BPA dose from single serving of food using the following assumptions : BPA calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg /13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g/30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
Summary of BPA measurements in canned food from 9 previous studies
Food type Number of studies Location Total number of cans tested Percent of cans with BPA detected BPA range , ppb ( ug/ kg ) EWG study : BPA range , ppb ( ug/ kg ) Ref -
erences Beverages 1 Austria 7 0 % < 0.9 - 3.4 2.4 - 8.2 [ 2 ]
Canned meat +
3 New Zealand , UK 10 ~ 75 % 8.6 - 89 NA [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Fruit 2 Austria , UK 6 > 80 % 5 - 38 2.2 - 27 [ 2 , 5 ] Fruit & vegetables 1 New Zealand 38 unavailable < 20 - 24 NA [ 9 ]
Infant food 2 New Zealand , UK 10 30 % < 10 - 77 NA [ 5 , 9 ]
Infant formula 3 US , UK , Taiwan 24 80 % < 0.002 - 113 10.9 - 17.1 [ 1 , 5 , 7 ] Pasta 3 New Zealand , UK 10 > 50 % < 7 - 130 16.2 - 247 [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Soup 3 New Zealand , UK 15 unavailable < 2 - 39 8.6 - 385 [ 5 , 6 , 9 ] Tuna 4 New Zealand , UK , Mexico , Austria 16 75 % < 7 - 109 80 - 108 [ 5 , 8 , 9 ,
10 ] Vegetables 5 Austria , UK , Spain , US 34 > 80 % 4 - 76 8.9 - 330 [ 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ]
+ Does not include tuna
References
U.S. : [ 1 ]
Biles , J. E. , McNeal , T. P. and Begley , T. H. Determination of bisphenol A migrating from epoxy can coatings to infant formula liquid concentrates .
J Agric Food Chem 1997 ; 45 : 4697-4700 .
Austria : [ 2 ]
Braunrath , R. , Podlipna , D. , Padlesak , S. and Cichna - Markl , M. Determination of bisphenol A in canned foods by immunoaffinity chromatography , HPLC , and fluorescence detection .
J Agric Food Chem 2005 ; 53 : 8911 -7 .
Spain : [ 3 ]
Brotons , J. A. , Olea - Serrano , M. F. , Villalobos , M. , Pedraza , V. and Olea , N. Xenoestrogens released from lacquer coatings in food cans .
Environ Health Perspect 1995 ; 103 : 608-12 .
U.S. : [ 4 ]
FDA .
Cumulative Exposure Estimated for Bisphenol A ( BPA ) , Individually for Adults and Infants from Its Use in Epoxy - Based Can Coatings and Polycarbonate ( PC ) Articles , verbal request of 10 - 23 - 95 , memorandum to G. Diachenki , Ph.D , Division of Product Manufacture and Use , HGS - 245 , from Allan B. Bailey , Ph.D. , Chemistry Review Branch , HFS - 245 .
Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration .
Food and Drug Administration ; 1996 .
U.K. : [ 5 ]
Goodson , A. , Robin , H. , Summerfield , W. and Cooper , I. Migration of bisphenol A from can coatings -- effects of damage , storage conditions and heating .
Food Addit Contam 2004 ; 21 : 1015 - 26 .
U.K. : [ 6 ]
Goodson , A. , Summerfield , W. and Cooper , I. Survey of bisphenol A and bisphenol F in canned foods .
Food Addit Contam 2002 ; 19 : 796-802 .
Taiwan : [ 7 ]
Kuo , H. - W. and Ding , W. - H.
Trace determination of bisphenol A and phytoestrogens in infant formula powders by gas chromatography - mass spectometry .
J Chromatogr A 2004 ; 1027 : 67-74 .
Mexico : [ 8 ]
Munguía - López , E. M. , Gerardo - Lugo , S. , Peralta , E. , Bolumen , S. and Soto - Valdez , H. Migration of bisphenol A ( BPA ) from can coatings into a fatty - food simulant and tuna fish .
Food Addit Contam 2005 ; 22 : 892-8
New Zealand : [ 9 ]
Thomson , B. M. and Grounds , P. R. Bisphenol
A in canned foods in New Zealand : an exposure assessment .
Food Addit Contam 2005 ; 22 : 65 -72 .
BPA in a single serving of many foods tested would exceed a minimal margin of safety from the low dose effects of oral exposure ( 2.0 ug / kg - d ) +
Food Type Number of cans tested Percent of cans with single - serving dose within margin of 5 from harmful level Percent of cans with single - serving dose within margin of 10 from harmful dose Percent of cans with single - serving dose within margin of 100 from harmful dose High - end daily intake for consumer * ( ug/ kg-d ) Pasta 6 33 % 33 % 100 % 0.87 Infant formula# 6 33 % 33 % 33 % 1.20 Vegetable 17 29 % 29 % 35 % 0.65 Soup 19 11 % 53 % 89 % 1.32 Meal replacement 5 0 % 20 % 40 % 0.34 Tuna 6 0 % 0 % 50 % 0.12 Beans 6 0 % 0 % 50 % 0.08 Fruit 17 0 % 0 % 24 % 0.06 Soda 12 0 % 0 % 17 % 0.05 Milk products 3 0 % 0 % 0 % 0.004 All foods 97 11 % 21 % 46 % NA
* Calculated for a single serving of the can with the maximum BPA detection for that food type
# Serving = average daily intake for 3 month - old infant exclusively formula fed
+ Nagel et al .
1997
Many studies confirm BPA 's low - dose toxicity across a diverse range of toxic effects
Daily BPA exposure ( ug / kg body weight - day ) CERHR conclusion *
Toxic effect Study details Reference % cans tested by EWG with single - serving BPA levels within a margin of 10 from harmful dose 0.0001 not included alterations in cell signalling pathways on the cell surface that control calcium eflux in cells in - vitro study which compared activity of BPA and other hormone disruptors Wozniak 2005 56.7 ( all cans with detected BPA ) 0.025 " very useful " persistent changes to breast tissue , predisposes cells to hormones and carcinogens fetal exposure , osmotic pumps , changes noted a 6 months of age Muñoz - de - Toro 2005 55.7 0.025 " useful and shows tissue effects at extremely low dose levels " permanent changes to genital tract fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Markey 2005 55.7 0.2 utility " limited " decrease antioxidant enzymes adult exposure , oral Chitra 2003 47.4 0.25 utility " to be added " altered growth , cell size and lumen formation in mammary epithelium of mouse fetuses .
exposure during pregnancy w/osmotic pumps Vandenberg 2007 45.4 2 " useful " increased prostate weight 30 % fetal exposure , oral route Nagel 1997 20.6 2 " moderately useful " increased aggression at 8 weeks of life fetal exposure , oral route Kawai 2003 20.6 2.4 " useful " , but non-traditional endpoint Decreased time from vaginal opening to first estrus , possibly earlier puberty fetal exposure , oral route Howdeshell 1999 17.5 2.4 " useful " lower bodyweight , increase of anogenital distance in both genders , signs of early puberty and longer estrus .
fetal exposure , oral route Honma 2002 17.5 2.4 " adequate " decline in testicular testosterone fetal and neonatal exposure , gavage Akingbemi 2004 17.5 2.5 utility " to be added " breast cells predisposed to cancer fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Murray 2007 16.5 2.5 not included immune system impacts oral exposure Sawai 2003 16.5 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer infant oral exposure , 3 day duration Ho 2006 2.1 10 utility " very useful " prostate cells more sensitive to hormones and cancer fetal exposure , oral route , short duration Timms 2005 2.1 10 not included insulin resistance develops in 2 days , chronic hyperinsulinemia at day 4 subcutaneous injection , short duration exposure Alonso - Magdalena 2006 2.1 10 " very useful " decreased maternal behaviors fetal and neonatal exposure , oral route Palanza 2002 2.1 20 not included damage to eggs and chromosomes fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Hunt 2003 0 20 not included damage to eggs fetal exposure , osmotic pumps Susiarjo 2007 0 20 not included brain effects - disrupted neocortical development by accelerating neuronal differentiation and migration single injection Nakamura 2006 0 30 " ... adequate for the evaluation process and gives cause for concern " reversed the normal sex differences in brain structure and behavior oral during gestation and lactation Kubo 2003 0 30 " suitable " hyperactivity oral Ishido 2004 0 50 EPA RfD EPA 's ' safe exposure level , based on outdated , high dose studies and a 1000 - fold margin of safety EPA 1998 0
*CERHR conclusion refers to the Center for Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction expert panel assessment of the utility of the study in the panel 's review of BPA risks to human reproduction ( CERHR 2006 ) .
Statistics on percent cans with single servings that would yield human dose within a margin of 10 of the toxic dose are generated with the following assumptions : BPA calculations reflect a single adult serving , using label serving size and body weight of 60 kg ( 132 lbs ) ; exposures for concentrated infant formula is calculated for exclusively formula - fed infant using average 3 - month - old body weight ( 6 kg /13 lbs ) and average daily formula ingestion ( 840 g/30 oz ) ; formula is assumed diluted with water free of BPA .
Consumer tips to avoid BPA exposure
Although completely eliminating exposure to BPA may not be possible , there are steps you can take to reduce your family 's exposure to this chemical .
Infant formula : All U.S. manufacturers use BPA - based lining on the metal portions of the formula containers .
Tests of liquid formulas by FDA and EWG show that BPA leaches into the formula from all brands tested .
Enfamil formula appears to have the highest concentrations of the 20 tests .
EWG is concerned about BPA exposures for babies fed liquid formula .
Choose powdered formula which may not have BPA in packaging and which is more diluted with water .
If your baby needs liquid formula look for types sold in plastic or glass containers .
Our testing of canned foods found that BPA leaches from the liner into the food itself .
Sensitive groups such as kids and pregnant women should limit canned food consumption .
Beverages appear to contain less BPA residues , while canned pasta and soups contain the highest levels .
Rinsing canned fruit or vegetables with water prior to heating and serving could lessen BPA ingestion .
Certain plastics called polycarbonates leach low levels of BPA into food or liquids .
Leaching from plastic baby bottles and food containers appears to happen at a much lower level than found in canned foods and baby formula .
Nevertheless it is good to take simple precautions .
BPA is found in polycarbonate plastic food containers often marked on the bottom with the letters " PC " recycling label # 7 .
Not all # 7 labeled products are polycarbonate but this is a reasonable guideline for a category of plastics to avoid .
Polycarbonate plastics are rigid and transparent and used for sippy cups , baby bottles , food storage , and water bottles .
Some polycarbonate water bottles are marketed as ' non-leaching ' for minimizing plastic taste or odor , however there is still a possibility that trace amounts of BPA will migrate from these containers , particularly if used to heat liquids .
Safer products and uses :
When possible it is best to avoid # 7 plastics , especially for children 's food .
Plastics with the recycling labels # 1 , # 2 and # 4 on the bottom are safer choices and do not contain BPA .
Find baby bottles in glass versions , or those made from the safer plastics including polyamine , polypropylene and polyethylene .
Soft or cloudy - colored plastic does not contain BPA .
Bottles used to pump and store expressed breast milk by the brand Medela are also labeled BPA - free .
Some metal water bottles are lined with a plastic coating that contains BPA .
Look for stainless steel bottles that do not have a plastic liner .
We recommend avoiding use of plastic containers to heat food in microwaves .
Ceramic , glass , and other microwaveable dishware are good alternatives .
Avoid using old and scratched plastic bottles .
Methodology :
Laboratory method
Samples were tested at the North Carolina - based Southern Testing and Research Division of Microbac Laboratories , Inc .
As a member of the nationwide Microbac laboratory group , Southern Testing & Research Laboratories is full service laboratory offering a wide range of chemical and microbiological testing and research services for the environmental , food / feed , pharmaceutical , agrochemical and industrial hygiene industries .
The lab analyzed samples via liquid chromatography and x-ray fluorescence to analyze BPA concentrations .
The method is described in Sensitive and Rapid Reversed - Phase Liquid Chromatography - Fluorescence Method For Determining Bisphenol A Diglycidyl Ether in Aqueous - Based Food Simulates .
J. Assoc. of Analytical Chemistry ( Vol. 74 , No. 6 , 1991 )
The lab modified the LC parameters according to Agilent Technologies application note .
Quality Assurance / Quality Control
Six matrices were spiked with Bisphenol A during the run and showed reasonable recovery .
Further quality assurance was accomplished by taking three split samples from five canned foods .
The results show reasonable concordance between the three samples for all foods .
The standard deviation for all 15 samples ranged from 3 to 8 ppb ( chicken soup : 79 +/- 4 ppb , green beans : 99 +/- 8 ppb , mixed vegetables : 167 +/- 3 ppb , ravioli : 66 +/- 4 ppb , tuna : 26 +/- 5 ppb ) .
References :
AHA ( American Heart Association ) 2007 Insulin Resistance .
http://www.s2mw.com/heartofdiabetes/resistance.html
Akingbemi BT , Sottas CM , Koulova AI , Klinefelter GR , Hardy MP. 2004 .
Inhibition of testicular steroidogenesis by the xenoestrogen bisphenol A is associated with reduced pituitary luteinizing hormone secretion and decreased steroidogenic enzyme gene expression in rat Leydig cells .
Endocrinology .
145(2):592-603 .
Al - Hiyasat AS , Darmani , H , Elbetieha , AM 2002 .
Effects of bisphenol A on adult male mouse fertility .
European journal of oral sciences 110 ( 2 ) : 163-7 .
Alonso - Magdalena P , Morimoto S , Ripoll C , Fuentes E , Nadal A. 2006 .
The estrogenic effect of bisphenol A disrupts pancreatic beta-cell function in vivo and induces insulin resistance .
Environ Health Perspect 114( 1 ) : 106-12 .
Arakawa , C. , Fujimaki , K. , Yoshinaga , J. , Imai , H. , Serizawa , S. , and Shiraishi , H. 2004 .
Daily urinary excretion of bisphenol A. Environmental Health and Preventive Medicine 9 : 22 -26 .
Bailey A.B. , Ph. D. , Chemistry Review , Food and Drug Administration .
1996 .
Cumulative Exposure Estimated for Bisphenol A ( BPA ) , Individually for Adults and Infants from Its Use in Epoxy - Based Can Coatings and Polycarbonate ( PC ) Articles Branch , HFS - 245 .
P. D. G. Diachenki , Division of Product Manufacture and Use , HGS - 245 .
Barrett , J.R. 2006 .
Fertile grounds of inquiry : environmental effects on human reproduction .
Environ Health Perspect 114( 11 ) : A644-9 .
Biles JE , McNeal TP , Begley TH.
Determination of bisphenol A migrating from epoxy can coatings to infant formula liquid concentrates .
J Agric Food Chem 1997 ; 45 : 4697-4700 .
Braunrath R , Podlipna D , Padlesak S , Cichna - Markl M. 2005 .
Determination of bisphenol A in canned foods by immunoaffinity chromatography , HPLC , and fluorescence detection .
J Agric Food Chem 53 : 8911 - 7 .
Brotons JA , Olea- Serrano MF , Villalobos M , Pedraza V , Olea N. 1995 .
Xenoestrogens released from lacquer coatings in food cans .
Environ Health Perspect 103 : 608-12 .
Calafat AM , Kuklenyik Z , Reidy JA. , Caudill SP , Ekong J , Needham LL . 2005 .
Urinary Concentrations of Bisphenol A and 4 - Nonylphenol in a Human Reference Population .
Environmental Health Perspectives 113 ( 4 ) : 5 .
CDC ( Centers for Disease Control ) .
2002 .
National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey .
Available at : http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/about/major/nhanes/nhanes01-02.htm
CERHR ( Center for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction ) .
2006 .
DRAFT NTP - CERHR report on the Reproductive and Developmental toxicity of Bisphenol A. Center for the Evaluation of .
Risks to Human Reproduction , NTP - CERHR .
cerhr.niehs.nih.gov/chemicals / bisphenol/Bispehnol_A_Draft_Report.pdf
Chitra KC , Latchoumycandane C , Mathur PP . 2003 .
Induction of oxidative stress by bisphenol A in the epididymal sperm of rats .
Toxicology .
185(1-2):119-27 .
Cook JD , Davis BJ , Cai SL , Barrett JC , Conti CJ , Walker CL. 2005 .
Interaction between genetic susceptibility and early - life environmental exposure determines tumor - suppressor - gene penetrance .
Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2005 Jun 14;102( 24 ) :8644-9 .
Dodds EC , Lawson W. 1936 .
Nature , 137 : 996 .
Dodds EC , Lawson W 1938 .
Proceedings of the Royal Society of London , Series B , Biological Sciences , 125 , # 839 ( 27 - IV - 1938 ) :222-232 .
Durando , M , L Kass , J Piva , C Sonnenschein , AM Soto , EH Luque , and M Muñoz - de - Toro .
2007 .
Prenatal Bisphenol A Exposure Induces Preneoplastic Lesions in the Mammary Gland in Wistar Rats .
Environmental Health Perspectives , 115 ( 1 ) .
EFSA . 2006 .
Opinion of the Scientific Panel on Food Additives , Flavourings , Processing Aids and Materials in Contact with Food on a request from the Commission related to 2,2 - Bis( 4 - Hydroxyphenyl ) Propane ( Bisphenol A ) .
Question number EFSA -Q- 2005 - 100 .
November 29 , 2006 . : The EFSA Journal , 1 - 75 .
Elsby , R. , J. L. Maggs , et al. 2001 .
Comparison of the modulatory effects of human and rat liver microsomal metabolism on the estrogenicity of bisphenol A : implications for extrapolation to humans .
J Pharmacol Exp Ther 297( 1 ) : 103-13 .
EPA ( Environmental Protection Agency ) .
1988 . Oral RfD Assessment : Bisphenol A. Integrated Risk Information System .
Available online at http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0356.htm.
EPA ( Environmental Protection Agency ) .
2003 .
Inventory Update Reporting .
Last modified June 2003 , accessed September 15th , 2005 from http://www.epa.gov/oppt/iur/.
Endocrine Disruptor Exchange .
2007 .
" Bisphenol A : low - dose toxicity review . "
Retrieved 2-27-07 , from http://www.endocrinedisruption.org/products/bisphenol_a.
EWG ( Environmental Working Group ) .
2007 .
Body Burden :
The pollution in people .
https://www.ewg.org/reports/bodyburden
FDA ( U.S. Food and Drug Administration ) .
2007 .
Cumulative Estimated Daily Intake / Acceptable Daily Intake Database .
FDA Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition , Office of Food Additives .
Accessed March 2 2007 at http://www.cfsan.fda.gov/~dms/opa-edi.html.
FDA ( U.S. Food and Drug Administration ) .
2004 .
Office of Science and Engineering Laboratories Annual Report FY 2004 .
FDA ( U.S. Food and Drug Administration ) .
1996 .
Cumulative exposure estimated for bisphenol A ( BPA ) , individually for adults and infants from its use in epoxy - based can coatings and polycarbonate ( PC ) articles , verbal request of 10 - 23 - 95 , memorandum to G. Diachenki , Ph.D. , Division of Product Manufacture and Use , HGS - 245 , from Allan B. Bailey , Ph.D. , Chemistry Review Branch , HFS - 245 .
Goodson A , Summerfield W , Cooper I. 2002 .
Survey of bisphenol A and bisphenol F in canned foods .
Food Addit Contam ; 19 : 796-802 .
Goodson AH , Robin , et al. 2004 .
Migration of bisphenol A from can coatings -- effects of damage , storage conditions and heating .
Food Addit Contam 21( 10 ) : 1015 - 26 .
Grob K , Spinner C , Brunner M , Etter R. 1999 .
The migration from the internal coatings of food cans ; summary of the findings and call for more effective regulation of polymers in contact with foods : a review .
Food Addit Contam .
1999 Dec;16(12):579-90 .
Hanaoka , T. , N. Kawamura , et al. 2002 .
Urinary bisphenol A and plasma hormone concentrations in male workers exposed to bisphenol A diglycidyl ether and mixed organic solvents .
Occup Environ Med 59 ( 9 ) : 625-8 .
Hiroi H , Tsutsumi , O. , Takeuchi , T. , Momoeda , M. , Ikezuki , Y. , Okamura , A. , Yokota , H. , Taketani , Y. 2004 .
Differences in serum bisphenol a concentrations in premenopausal normal women and women with endometrial hyperplasia .
Endocr J 51 ( 6 ) : 595-600 .
Ho SM , Tang WY , Belmonte de Frausto J , Prins GS . 2006 .
Developmental exposure to estradiol and bisphenol A increases susceptibility to prostate carcinogenesis and epigenetically regulates phosphodiesterase type 4 variant 4 . Cancer Res 66 ( 11 ) : 5624 -32 .
Honma S , Suzuki A , Buchanan DL , Katsu Y , Watanabe H , Iguchi T. 2002 .
Low dose effect of in utero exposure to bisphenol A and diethylstilbestrol on female mouse reproduction .
Reproductive Toxicology .
16:117-22 .
Howdeshell , K , AK Hotchkiss , KA Thayer , JG Vandenbergh and FS vom Saal.
1999 .
Plastic bisphenol A speeds growth and puberty .
Nature 401 : 762-764 .
Hunt PA , Koehler KE , Susiarjo M , Hodges CA , Hagan A , Voigt RC , et al .
Bisphenol A causes meiotic aneuploidy in the female mouse .
Current Biology .
2003;13:546-53 .
IATP ( Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy ) .
2006 .
Smart Plastics Guide .
http://www.iatp.org/foodandhealth/
Ikezuki , Y. , O. Tsutsumi , et al. 2002 .
Determination of bisphenol A concentrations in human biological fluids reveals significant early prenatal exposure .
Hum Reprod 17 ( 11 ) : 2839 - 41 .
Ishido M , Masuo Y , Kunimoto M , Oka S , Morita M. 2004 .
Bisphenol A causes hyperactivity in the rat concomitantly with impairment of tyrosine hydroxylase immunoreactivity .
Journal of Neuroscience Research .
76(3):423-33 .
Jakubowicz , D. J. , Iuorno , M. J. , Jakubowicz , S. , Roberts , K. A. , Nestler , J. E. 2002 .
Effects of metformin on early pregnancy loss in the polycystic ovary syndrome .
J Clin Endocrinol Metab 87 ( 2 ) : 524-9 .
Kawai K , Takehiro N , Nishikata H , Aou S , Takii M , Kubo C. 2003 .
Aggressive behavior and serum testosterone concentration during the maturation process of male mice :
The effects of fetal exposure to bisphenol A. Environmental Health Perspectives .
111:175-8 .
Kubo K , Arai O , Omura M , Watanabe R , Ogata R , Aou S. 2003 .
Low dose effects of bisphenol A on sexual differentiation of the brain and behavior in rats .
Neurosci Res 45:345–356 .
Kuo , H. W. and W. H. Ding ( 2004 ) .
" Trace determination of bisphenol A and phytoestrogens in infant formula powders by gas chromatography - mass spectrometry . "
J Chromatogr A 1027 ( 1 - 2 ) : 67 -74 .
Kuruto - Niwa , R. , Y. Tateoka , et al. 2007 .
Measurement of bisphenol A concentrations in human colostrum .
Chemosphere 66 ( 6 ) : 1160 -4 .
Lee DH , Lee IK , Song K , Steffes M , Toscano W , Baker BA , et al. 2006 .
A strong dose - response relation between serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants and diabetes : results from the National Health and Examination Survey 1999 - 2002 .
Diabetes Care 29 ( 7 ) : 1638 - 44 .
Maffini MV , Rubin BS , Sonnenschein C , Soto A.M. 2006 .
En
[ Editor 's note : This was originally submitted as a guest column . ]
By Rich Rodgers of Portland , Oregon .
For 11 years ,
Rich was a policy advisor to a Portland city commissioner on housing policy , school funding , environmental restoration , and public safety .
Prior to that , he studied the effects of regional growth management on housing prices , and worked in the Oregon Senate as a research assistant .
At Yale University , his history thesis focused on the lack of community involvement in decisions to construct major public infrastructure in historic African - American neighborhoods in Atlanta .
He now works in the private sector .
The US government is proposing to spend at least $ 1 trillion of taxpayer money to bail out failing financial institutions .
There is no talk of bailing out struggling home owners , just the banks and investors holding bad mortgage debt and associated derivatives .
There is no guarantee that this massive intervention in the market will stabilize things , and there is no chance that the typical American family will see any direct benefit from the plans being proposed today .
It ’s the wrong way to fix these problems .
We need a new approach .
We need a 21st Century Homestead
Act that writes off these bad debts and gives every American household their own home , free and clear .
We can do it , and we should .
It will cost us less in the long run , and put us in a much stronger position going forward .
It needs to be done with a close eye on fairness and the interests of our key global partners , but it should be done .
The main problem facing the markets , according to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and other Bush officials , is that they are clogged with an unimaginable amount of Wall Street ’s bad debts .
Investment banks have made massive leveraged bets on mortgage - related securities , using instruments like credit default swaps and other derivatives .
$ 21.6 trillion in new debt has been created since 2001 .
When the housing market got shaky , these bets went bad , and no one can really say with any accuracy just how large the problem is .
Estimates are that the credit derivatives market totals over $ 62 trillion , several times larger than the value of all residential real estate in the United States .
Even under the best of circumstances , the current proposal from the Bush Administration will raise the national debt to at least $ 11.3 trillion , which equates to about $ 110,000 per household .
This is money we do n’t have to spend .
Government debt is already too high , as is the average family ’s household debt .
Wall Street is wildly out of control , and the American people ca n’t afford to bail them out .
And of course , there is no guarantee that the trillion dollar bailout will work .
Can you imagine sinking over $ 1 trillion into a failed solution ?
What would we do then ?
If we stick with the Bush plan , we will still have a negative savings rate , limiting funds available for investment in new technologies and business growth .
Falling housing prices and record levels of household debt will still dog any chances of economic recovery .
The airlines , automakers and many others will still be in trouble .
We will just be another day older , and deeper in debt , with no real solution to the structural problems in the system .
Ken Lewis , the CEO of Bank of America , recently predicted that half of the nation ’s 8,500 banks will fail to survive the current crisis .
Our financial system should work for us , not the other way around .
Let ’s face it : Wall Street gambled as heavily as it could , and it lost .
We should not have to mortgage our future to bail out Wall Street .
We need to change our approach from helping Wall Street to helping the American people directly , with bold solutions .
It ’s the only way to fix what ’s gone bad with the American economy .
There is a simple solution to the problems of the American mortgage market : eliminate all of that bad mortgage debt , and give every American household a free and clear title to their current home .
Current outstanding mortgage debt would be eliminated , not by raising taxes and going deeper into debt , but by simply writing off these debts as bad debts .
Our government officials are rushing from one problem to the next , and spending hundreds of billions with each step .
But these are just paper losses .
The important thing , at the end of the day , is the land , and the houses that sit on it .
Focus on what happens to the land and our homes , and we will find the answer to our problems .
With no monthly mortgage payment , the American people will be free to make major investments in education , the stock market , and other securities .
Freeing up this capacity to invest and spend will fight the deflationary effects of unwinding bad debts .
The economy will recover quickly , and it will be stronger than ever .
In ordinary times , this proposal would be radical , and unnecessary .
But in times like these , wiping the books clean while preserving the underlying free market investment structure is actually the sanest approach .
The government need not take up new ownership positions in the insurance and financial services industries .
We do n’t need to take on massive new levels of debt .
We do n’t need to commit to bailing out industry after industry .
We do n’t need to change our way of life or our market economy .
Most mortgages are held by Fannie Mae and Fannie Mac ( over 80 percent in Q1 of 2008 ) , which are supported in large part by selling their own agency debt .
This debt is not guaranteed by the US Treasury as Treasury bills are , which is why there has already been a sell off of agency debt over the past few months .
Many of the other players in the mortgage market are already out of business .
Washington Mutual and Countrywide , two of the nation ’s largest mortgage lenders , are already casualties .
At the time of this writing , three of the five major investment banks were gone , with a fourth seeking any safe harbor to save it from the raging storm .
Writing off all of these mortgage debts will allow for Wall Street and the rest of the American economy to recover and focus on running an economy based upon sound fundamentals .
With total direct agency debt at approximately $ 1.7 trillion , the cost of keeping important partners whole would be the same order of magnitude as the cost of the current plans , with a much better result for the average American and the American economy .
The 21st Century Homestead Act has a lot in common with the Homestead Act of 1862 , signed into law by President Abraham Lincoln .
Homesteads for pioneers gave America an incredibly strong foundation for building a strong country .
After World War II , the GI Bill gave millions of Americans the ability to earn a home for the first time .
Our greatest presidents have always understood that the best way to make America strong is to ensure that the American people have a home to call their own .
It is important to acknowledge directly and honestly that this proposal does raise questions of fairness .
For the 35 % or so of American families who do not own a home , for example , eliminating mortgage debt would be of no direct help .
Renters would have to be given assistance to purchase a new home of their own .
The minority of Americans who own their home outright could be offered tax incentives and longer term credits , to ensure the proposal is fair to everyone .
There will be some expense in workouts with key creditors and commercial banks holding healthy mortgages .
If you have doubts about the fundamental premise behind this proposal , ask yourself this :
With each American family owning a home without mortgage debt , wo n’t the American economy roar back quickly , and be stronger and more stable than ever ?
In the long run , the investors will thank us , for restoring America and its economy to a position of long - term stability and strength .
The time to act is now .
In the coming hours and days , the Bush administration will continue to push for the wrong kinds of solutions , committing over $ 1 trillion of taxpayer funds in the process .
Let ’s solve this problem a different way .
Let ’s get back to being pioneers .
Let ’s write off all the bad debts , and give every American household their own home .
« RP on CNN this Morning ( Priceless at the very end ) Kiren Chetry chokes | Main | Court issues stay of execution for Troy Davis »
' Both Suck ' Campaign Sign Draws Stares
Awesome !
http://www.local6.com/news/
17796648/detail.html
JACKSONVILLE , Fla . -- Campaign signs in support of presidential candidates Sen. John McCain and Sen. Barack Obama decorate lawns across the country , but a man who said he does n't support either candidate has created quite a stir with a sign of his own .
" They Both Suck ' 08 " reads the sign in Timothy Connors ' front yard .
Connors , who lives in San Marco , told WJXT - TV he supports politics but said he does n't support either of the frontrunners in this year 's election .
" I get a lot of response -- notes on the door or people honk if I 'm outside or what not , " Connor said .
He said he made the sign because he has an interest in politics .
He said he just does n't have an interest in this year 's candidates .
" I feel a lot of people get caught up in the lesser of two evils .
I think it would waste a vote if I do n't 100 percent support a candidate , " said Connor .
Connor said he is n't going to support either candidate .
Instead , he said if he can't cast a ballot for who he wants , he 'll wait until 2012 and not vote in this election .
" My theory is if I can't vote for who I want , it really does n't count , " Connor said .
He said the person he would like to see on the ballot is Ron Paul .
October 24 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e2010535bb60fc970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference ' Both Suck ' Campaign Sign Draws Stares :
Comments
I work for CampaignPros.com , which is a company that sells 1000s of these types of yard sign .
It cracks me up how " passionate " some of these people are .
Either way , this guy is voting .
He can either vote for one of the nation 's choices , or he can vote for nobody and tell people how he feels .
Personally , I am not sure why a " no " vote would help .
Certainly one of these candidates has to have something appealing , either personally or morally .
Posted by : wbaffa | Oct 27 , 2008 12:25:18 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
US Republicans target ACORN : the great “ voter fraud ” fraud
By Tom Eley
18 October 2008
A community activist group called ACORN ( Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ) has become a lightning rod for Republican attacks as the US presidential election approaches .
In Wednesday night 's presidential debate , John McCain warned that ACORN " is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
He demanded to " know the full extent of Senator Obama 's relationship " to this purportedly criminal organization .
In a recent fundraising email , vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin warned that " far - left groups in this country will do anything to help the Obama - Biden Democrats win the White House and maintain their majorities in Congress .
The left - wing activist group , ACORN , is now under investigation for voter registration fraud in a number of battleground states ....
We can't allow leftist groups like ACORN to steal this election . "
ACORN is now at the center of a media controversy fueled by Republican accusations .
The FBI has announced an investigation , as have a number of states , counties and municipalities .
What is this group that is allegedly responsible for " destroying the fabric of democracy " ?
ACORN describes itself as an organization of " low - and moderate - income people with over 400,000 member families " which focuses on such goals as raising the minimum wage and expanding access to affordable housing .
It unreservedly supports the Democratic Party and has endorsed Barack Obama for the presidency .
In the lead - up to the 2008 election , ACORN has launched a major voter registration campaign to bring poor and minority people — who tend to vote Democratic — to the polls in the upcoming election .
It claims to have registered over 1.3 million voters , largely in critical " battleground " states .
There is no evidence that ACORN has committed fraud , a charge that implies intent .
As is typical of registration and petition drives , ACORN has hired low - paid workers to carry out registrations .
Some of these workers , in an effort to take home more pay , have invented the names of registrants .
However , ACORN claims that it examines all registration material and flags forgeries in an attempt to assist state officials in prosecuting cases of fraud .
In fact , ACORN claims that Republican officials have used the same registration cards ACORN has flagged for attention as a means of discrediting the group 's operations .
In any event , the Republicans have yet to explain the mechanics of how the supposedly false voting cards would actually result in thousands of false votes .
The hue and cry over finding names like " Mickey Mouse " on a registration form begs the question :
How could anyone cast a ballot under such a name ?
If the voters are fictional , as the Republicans claim , presumably they will not show up at the polls .
The Republican charge of " voter fraud " is itself a fraud .
Through sensational accusations the Republicans hope to resuscitate their faltering presidential and Congressional campaigns .
These charges could also be used to cast doubt over the legitimacy of the electoral outcome .
More fundamentally , however , the aim is to suppress the vote among sections of the working class and youth in an attempt to manipulate the outcome of the election .
This is the real " voter fraud " — and there is a history to it .
The current charges against ACORN are only the latest chapter in this right - wing campaign to suppress voting rights .
The campaign to restrict the franchise , found its most anti-democratic expression in the US Supreme Court 's intervention in the 2000 presidential election to hand victory to Bush by means of invalidating legally cast ballots , ruling that there was no inherent right among citizens to vote for the president .
( Purchase online : The Crisis of American Democracy : The Presidential Elections of 2000 and 2004 ) .
Since 2000 , the Republican Party has taken steps to impede the vote not seen since the days of the Jim Crow voting restrictions targeting blacks in the South .
Republican strategists sense that as the most rapidly growing sections of the electorate — youth , minorities , naturalized immigrants , and workers — punish their candidates at the polls , survival will depend on limiting these groups ' access to the ballot .
On October 9 , the New York Times ran an exposé revealing that tens of thousands of voters in the " swing states " that will ultimately decide the presidential election had been purged from the election rolls , perhaps illegally .
In Ohio , the Republican Party sued the secretary of state in an effort to toss out the names of 200,000 legally registered voters for discrepancies — most likely clerical errors — in their registration data .
On Thursday , the Supreme Court ruled that the Republican Party did not have the right to bring the case .
In other states , new restrictions on the right to vote are aimed at those whose homes have been foreclosed and those who lack photo identification , such as drivers ' licenses .
The mainstream media conveniently forgets that the US attorneys scandal that led to the resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales also arose from a Republican attempt to suppress the vote .
A number of the attorneys were sacked because they did not comply with Republican pressure to expedite the prosecution of voter fraud cases , so that they would take place before the 2006 elections .
For example , the US Department of Justice has found that US Attorney David Iglesias was dismissed for failing to investigate a local ACORN chapter in New Mexico .
( See " Special prosecutor appointed to investigate US attorney firings " )
More craven than the Republican attacks on ACORN has been the cowardly response of Barack Obama and the Democratic Party .
In response to McCain 's attack on ACORN , Obama disowned any relationship to the organization , which has worked feverishly on his behalf for months .
Moments earlier he had disowned Bill Ayers , the former radical routinely condemned by Republicans as a terrorist .
( See " In defense of Bill Ayers " ) Shortly afterward he listed those he considers his true associates .
These include the world 's richest man , Warren Buffett , and former Federal Reserve Board head Paul Volcker , whose high interest rate " shock therapy " in 1979 was responsible for devastating many of the communities where ACORN now seeks to register impoverished voters .
The Democrats are not opposed to voter suppression in either principle or practice .
They engage in it when it suits their purposes , regularly purging the nominating petitions of left - wing , and especially socialist , opponents .
Barack Obama 's benefactors in the Illinois state Democratic Party have twice attempted to invalidate thousands of signatures of registered voters from third party nominating petitions in order to remove Socialist Equality Party legislative candidates from the ballot — Tom Mackaman ( in 2004 ) and Joe Parnarauskis ( in 2006 ) .
Obama personally came to Danville , Illinois , to campaign against Parnarauskis .
( See " Democrats conspire against voters in bid to remove SEP from ballot " and " Judge orders election board to certify Illinois SEP candidate " ) .
The notion , peddled by the Republicans — that the great threat to American democracy is that ineligible voters might somehow cast ballots — is absurd .
The US is a country where only half of the eligible population votes and where the great majority of the electorate is politically disenfranchised by the two - party duopoly of big business .
In fact , the greatest threat " to the fabric of democracy " is the capitalist class , which cannot maintain democratic norms under conditions of growing social inequality in which the vast majority of the population is increasingly impoverished .
# 5598 +( 7204 ) - [ X ] < Kazz >
Do vampires have anuses ?
Cause that 's why I would n't let this kid invade a vampire 's anus in this RPG , right , I was GMing , and his character was an Anus Shade , with the power to possess and control the anuses of people and animals .. and I figured that vampires do n't have anuses .
< Zaratustra > a vampire 's anus is present , but non-working .
< Zaratustra > like a network card without the appropriate driver .
< Kazz >
Wow .
You 're the biggest dork on Earth .
< Sharkey >
And you 're DMing an rpg with Anus Shades .
An attack ad from Barack Obama looks at a trip John McCain made to Bermuda last year .
" Bermuda .
It ’s more than just a vacation destination for John McCain , " the ad says over jaunty , Caribbean - style steel drum music .
" McCain went to Bermuda , and while he was there pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore .
And grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists who benefit from the tax scheme gave McCain $ 50,000 . "
We looked in detail at McCain 's visit in this statement .
Here we 'll look at the campaign contributions angle .
Bermuda , a British territory with significant autonomy , is home to many international companies seeking to avoid taxes .
In 2006 , there were 14,267 international companies registered in Bermuda , many of them American owned , according to the U.S. State Department .
A 2004 GAO report also listed Bermuda as a tax haven .
To come up with its $ 50,000 number , the Obama campaign compiled a list of 30 people and one political action committee connected to insurance and reinsurance companies based in Bermuda .
We obtained a copy of the list from the campaign and cross-checked with Federal Election Commission records and found it to be accurate .
It seems likely that the Obama campaign 's numbers undercounted contributions from lobbyists connected to Bermuda - based insurance companies .
We were able to independently document another $ 8,150 in contributions to McCain .
And finally , among the Bermuda - connected contributors , we found four donors also gave a combined total of $ 8,200 to Obama .
The timeline seems to be that McCain visited Bermuda in August 2007 , a fundraiser for him was held in October ( which he did not attend ) and contributions were reported to the Federal Election Commission in November 2007 and afterward .
The ad stops short of saying there was a quid pro quo at work , though we get the feeling the Obama campaign would n't mind if you assumed there was .
A story in the Royal Gazette 's sister newspaper Mid Ocean News noted that McCain 's 2007 comments were at odds with comments he made in 2002 deploring companies moving overseas .
McCain said then , " More and more U.S. companies are using this highly profitable accounting scheme that allows a company to move its legal residence to offshore tax havens such as Bermuda , where there is no corporate income tax , and shield its profits from taxes .
I applaud efforts to discourage this practice . "
The McCain campaign responded to the Obama ad by pointing out that the Obama campaign rents office space from Accenture , which is based in Bermuda .
The Chicago Sun-Times reported in 2007 that the Obama campaign was leasing the 11th floor of an office tower for its headquarters from Accenture .
The company is based in Bermuda .
The ad states that McCain got $ 50,000 from people connected to Bermuda - based companies , and we find this accurately portrays the contributions received .
We rate Obama 's statement True .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- U.S. troops or contractors who commit " major and premeditated murders " in Iraq while off - duty and outside U.S. facilities would fall under Iraqi jurisdiction , according to a copy of a draft U.S. - Iraq agreement obtained by CNN .
Shiite demonstrators protest a proposed U.S. - Iraqi security pact Saturday in Baghdad .
All other crimes -- including murders committed inside U.S. facilities or by on - duty forces -- would fall under American jurisdiction , according to the draft , which would govern U.S. troops ' presence in Iraq .
The issue of whether U.S. troops would remain immune from Iraqi prosecution has been a sticky one for negotiators crafting the Status of Forces Agreement draft , which Iraqi lawmakers are reviewing .
The United States had preferred its troops and contractors retain immunity .
The draft also calls for U.S. combat troops to be out of Iraqi cities by July 30 , 2009 , and out of the country entirely by December 31 , 2011 .
The agreement allows for an earlier withdrawal or an extension of the U.S. forces ' stay in Iraq , by agreement of both parties .
It also allows the Iraqi government to " request from the United States government to leave certain forces for training and for support purposes for the Iraqi forces . "
The governments have been trying to get a deal before December 31 , when a U.N. mandate authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq expires .
Iraq 's ruling Shiite parliamentary bloc said Sunday it needs more time before it can approve the draft .
The United Iraqi Alliance bloc found several " points " in the draft that " need more time for discussion , dialogue and amendments [ to ] some of its articles , " according to the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , the most powerful party in the bloc .
It was unclear what specific " points " the parliamentary bloc was questioning .
Thousands of people marched in central Baghdad on Saturday to protest the draft U.S. - Iraqi security agreement .
The political party of Iraqi cleric Muqtada al - Sadr called for the rally .
Watch marchers protest the agreement »
Baghdad had sought the power to arrest and try Americans accused of crimes that are not related to official military operations , plus jurisdiction over troops and contractors who commit grave mistakes in the course of their duties .
The United Iraqi Alliance on Sunday night discussed the draft , which was presented by Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , whose Dawa Party is also a member of the ruling bloc .
Iraq 's Political Council for National Security needs to approve the draft before al - Maliki sends it to his cabinet .
The council includes the leaders of various political blocs -- including the United Iraqi Alliance -- as well as Iraq 's president , prime minister , vice presidents , and speaker of parliament .
If the cabinet passes the draft by a two - thirds majority , al - Maliki will submit it to the Iraqi parliament for approval .
A senior Bush administration official said last week that the U.S. is examining " contingencies " in case the Iraqi government is unable to sell the status - of - forces deal to the country 's various factions .
If Iraq does not approve the deal , fallback options include " a new U.N. Security Council resolution legally authorizing the extension of the U.S. footprint " or an " informal agreement between the United States and the Iraqis , " the official told CNN last week .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions .
Other points covered in the draft agreement include Iraqi ownership of " all the buildings , facilities and structures that cannot be transported and are connected to the ground " and used by American forces .
Such facilities will be returned to Iraq when the agreement expires , it says .
Further , the agreement requires the United States to immediately return to Iraq any " historic or cultural site " it discovers at facilities it is using .
The agreement allows the United States to use whatever defensive systems it deems necessary in areas under its control .
Yet it bars " systems of weapons of mass destruction ( chemical , nuclear , radiological , biological weapons and waste related to these weapons ) . "
The United States is to transfer control of Iraqi airspace to Iraq when the agreement goes into effect , although Iraq can ask for assistance for airspace control and surveillance .
The agreement also covers environmental issues ; the comings and goings of troops in and out of Iraq ; movement of vehicles , planes and ships ; and the movement of equipment in and out of Iraq .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is lobbying Iraqi leaders to pass the draft text of the agreement by the end of the year , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said last week .
All About United Iraqi Alliance • Iraq • U.S. Armed Forces
TEHRAN – Brigadier General Massud Jazayeri said on Saturday that any military invasion of Iran would trigger another world war .
“ Any aggression against Iran would be the start of the world war .
The exorbitant demands of the U.S. leaders and the global Zionism which have created the current situation in Iraq , Afghanistan , Sudan , and Caucasus are gradually directing the world to the edge of the cliff , ” Jazayeri opined .
The United States has not ruled out military attack against Iran if Tehran refuses to stop its nuclear activities .
The Islamic Republic insists its nuclear activities are aimed at producing electricity for a growing population and that as a signatory to the Non-Proliferation Treaty it has the right to master nuclear technology for peaceful purposes .
Iran has warned it could close the strategic Strait of Hormoz if it became the target of a military attack over its nuclear program .
Strait of Hormoz , the entrance to the strategic Persian Gulf waterway , is a major oil shipping route .
Under a U.S. pressure the UN Security Council has imposed three rounds of sanctions against Iran
Anchorage , AK – Republican vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin revealed her plan to rescue the failing financial system in the United States part of which includes selling banks on eBay .
The McCain campaign hopes that the introduction of a plan will turn focus away from Palin 's befuddling interviews to her financial rescue plan .
" As governor of Alaska I have lots of experience with selling things on eBay .
By auctioning off banks on eBay we 'll be using private resources instead of saddling taxpayers with more risk , " said Palin .
The plan also includes moving to a beaver pelt and moose hoof based economy .
" When there 's a lack of confidence in the government to back up their currency , it 's time to move to a hard currency .
The full - faith backing of the United States government does n't inspire the confidence that it once used to , " the governor said .
Related News Study Shows Over 68 % of Science Stories Have Scientific Errors Computer Intelligence Will Surpass Human Intelligence
This Year McCain Embraces Technology , Wants to Declare War Via Facebook
The plan is expected to gain quick support among Congressional republicans eager to lose as many seats possible in the upcoming election .
The plan had provisions to help consumers having trouble with their mortgages by using a conversion ratio of one beaver pelt for every $ 100 in mortgage payments , so a typical consumer with $ 1000 mortgage payment would now need to send in ten beaver pelts each month .
Professional beaver trapper and Palin economic advisor Moosejaw Wilkins applauds the plan as revolutionary .
" I minored in economics at Juneau Community College and moving to a pelt - based economy would make us competitive in the global marketplace .
Only Canada would be able to match our beaver pelt producing abilities . "
The Obama campaign refused to comment on the plan citing their inability to stop laughing .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Not knowing any Supreme Court decision she opposes except for Roe v. Wade ai n’t great .
Frankly , though , for the Christian right , that ’s really the only Supreme Court jurisprudence they want you to know .
But there was a bigger goof in this latest segment from the Couric interview that I do n’t think got picked up in the various previews .
Immediately after saying what a terrible decision Roe was , Palin got a follow - up question from Couric about whether she believes there ’s a constitutional ‘ right to privacy ’ .
And Palin said , yes .
Now , narrowly speaking , you can believe in a constitutional right to privacy and also oppose Roe .
But the right to privacy , as Couric says in the interview , is one of the cornerstones of Roe .
And in the public debate yes or no on the right to privacy is something pretty close to a proxy for your position on abortion rights .
The bottom line is that among conservatives opposition to a constitutional ‘ right to privacy ’ is a straight - up litmus test issue .
Palin not only did n’t have the right answer on the right to privacy .
It was pretty clear she ’d never even heard of it before .
See the video in the post immediately below .
Three - year - old Merle throws a tantrum in the supermarket whenever her mother refuses to buy something she wants .
Little Anna screams wildly when her mother interrupts her playing to put on a jacket so the family can go out .
Ben , an adorable towhead , barely two , bites into furniture and toys as soon as anyone drops the word “ no . ”
Did you find a cool Processing sketch on the internet today and post it to reddit ?
Why not !?
Well on Monday someone linked up this awesome Orbitals simulation from 2004 .
This browser does not have a Java Plug-in .
Get the latest Java Plug - in here .
Oops !
Sorry for crashing everybody ’s Ubuntu again .
( It works fine on this one . )
But you know , there is this wonderful virtual machine available in most web browsers ( not the one named after a vegetable drink / large combustion engine ) and we are going to use it , by gum .
The sketch , created by Jared Tarbell , simulates orbital bodies using a bunch of trigonometric functions you learned in high school ( or not … they did n’t seem to do anything like this ) .
But math is hard , let ’s go looping :
for ( int x=0 ; x < b.width ;x++ ) { for ( int y=0 ; y < b. height ;y ++ ) { color c = get ( x , y ) ; boolean exists = false ; for ( int n=0 ; n < numpal ; n ++ ) { if ( c==goodcolor[n ] ) { exists = true ; break ; } } if ( ! exists ) { // add color to pal if ( numpal < maxpal ) { goodcolor [ numpal ] = c ; numpal ++ ; } else { break ; } } if ( random ( 10000 ) < 100 ) { if ( numpal < maxpal ) { // pump black or white into palette if ( random ( 100 ) < 50 ) { goodcolor [ numpal ] = # FFFFFF ; print ( " w " ) ; } else { goodcolor [ numpal ] = # 000000 ; print ( " b " ) ; } numpal ++ ; } } } }
These loops take unique colors from an image b ( which has been painted , so get ( ) works on it ) and put them in a goodcolor array .
But !
Every one out of a hundred iterations or so , it gets funky and adds an extra element that is either black or white .
Each iteration adds either zero , one , or two array elements — lock up your daughters !
This is something funny that happens with this kind of open - ended programming .
The way the sketch behaves is driven not just by imagination by also the language and environment , adding an actual computer dimension to computer art ; registers and jump instructions themselves become a part of the work the work .
To do exactly the same thing this loop is doing in a functional language would be awkward and dissatisfying .
So we improvise .
Because , hey , if this were written in a functional language in the first place , it would be doing something different .
The goodcolor sequence is read randomly , later , so inserting the expected proportion of black and white elements as a block should have the same effect as scattering a similar amount by chance .
def takecolor ( img : PImage , len : Int ) = ( List.make ( len / 200 , 0xFFFFFFFF ) ++ List.make ( len / 200 , 0xFF000000 ) ++ img.pixels.toList.removeDuplicates ) .take ( len )
This is not exactly the right proportion , on second thought ; for that we would need to know the proportion of unique colors to pixels in the source image .
But it ’s close enough .
If you do n’t like the amount of black and white in the image , adjust the denominator ( or randomize it a little ) .
In addition to that cheap trick , this function is profiting from P5 library calls that may not have been available to the original , and it ’s being kind of sloppy and reading in the entire image , then truncating , instead of stopping when the target number of colors is hit .
Stream could do a better job , if anyone wants to figure that out , but as it is there is no noticeable delay in startup from loading in the colors , and the code is tight , so whatever .
Here ’s the procedure that returns a random array element :
color somecolor ( ) { // pick some random good color return goodcolor [ int ( random ( numpal ) ) ] ; }
This Java code is simple enough , but would n’t it be cool to be able to select a random element from any sequence , since it seems like that happens a lot in Processing ?
It is simple do with implicit conversions .
Let ’s add it to the API :
trait Randoms { private val rand = new Random implicit def seq2 RichRandom [ K ] ( seq : Seq [ K ] ) = new RichRandom ( seq ) protected class RichRandom [ K ] ( seq : Seq [ K ] ) { def random : K = seq(( rand.nextFloat * seq.length ).toInt ) } ...
Spde brings this into scope by default , so any sketch can call random on a sequence directly .
At that point you do n’t really need a somecolor ( ) function , just call goodcolor .
random .
And it comes in handy here , when selecting a random , existing list element to orbit around while building the list :
def make_orbitals ( num : Int , around : List [ Body ] ) : List [ Body ] = if ( around.length == num ) around else make_orbitals ( num , new Orbital ( around.random ) :: around )
Next !
... class Bet [ K ] ( val weight : Int , val out : ( ) => K ) class BetSum [ K ] ( val bet : Bet[ K ] , val sum : Int ) def play [ K ] ( odds : Bet [ K ] * ) = { def adder ( acc: Int , in : Seq [ Bet [ K ] ] , out : List [ BetSum [ K ] ] ) : List [ BetSum [ K ] ] = in match { case Nil => out case Seq ( cur , rest @ _*) => adder ( acc + cur.weight , rest , new BetSum ( cur , acc ) :: out ) } val sl = adder ( 0 , odds , Nil ) val score = rand.nextDouble * ( sl.head.sum + sl.head.bet.weight ) sl.find(_.sum < score ).get.bet.out ( ) } implicit def int2 RichBetter ( weight : Int ) = new RichBetter ( weight ) protected class RichBetter ( weight : Int ) { def %>[ K ] ( out : => K ) = new Bet ( weight , ( ) => out ) } }
This is the rest of the Randoms trait .
It is a scary tool for making a program act unpredictably .
The idea is that you pass control off to play along with weighted outcomes , each defined as a Bet .
This allows an expression to be written in terms of whole - number odds like 100 to 1 , 1 to 1 ( 50/50 ) , or 1 to 2 to 10 .
The adder function tail - recursively builds sum elements for the bet sequence , then we fetch a random , ranged score and return whichever bet won .
The losing outcomes , passed in “ by name ” , are never evaluated .
Well , n8 , you could probably have done adder with a fold , but when you wrote this you did n’t realize that folds are not obligated to reduce lists ; a fold can build a new list , even one of a different length than the source list .
See : future post .
The low point of writing this was giving up on doing adder with terse , immutable list processing functions .
Are we missing something ?
The recursive solution is fine , but still .
The high point was , as usual with Scala , exploiting the freedom to define just about whatever API you can dream up .
This one is inspired by the implicit -> tuple builder for hashmaps , but uses an evocative percent sign :
play ( 1 %>
" You won the lottery ! " , 1000000 %>
" You are still poor ! " , 10000 %> { global_thermonuclear_war ( ) ; " Frig . " } )
Although this interface was inspired by Orbitals , it does n’t get too much of a workout there .
tv = random ( 0.0001,0.02 /( d+1 ) ) * play ( 1 %> 1 , 1 %> - 1 )
But it ’s got potential !
The translated Orbitals example is available in the Spde head and latest snapshot releases .
Gachmosaic .info gửi tới bạn đọc các mẫu gạch mosaic ốp vệ sinh
Hot nhất năm 2020 , đảm bảo vừa đẹp , rẻ và bền .
Xem ngay để có được lựa chọn phù hợp nhất nhé .
Ưu điểm của gạch mosaic ốp vệ sinh
Không ngoa khi nói rằng hiện nay gạch mosaic ốp nhà vệ sinh đang dần phủ kín thị trường , được sử dụng phổ biến để ốp nhà vệ sinh .
Vậy điều gì đã giúp nó nổi bật như vậy ?
Chính là các ưu điểm sau :
– Kích thước nhỏ , thích hợp cho mọi nhà vệ sinh : gạch mosaic là loại gạch có kết cấu khá là linh hoạt , nó là những viên gạch nhỏ được ghép với nhau trên vỉ lưới nên dễ dàng thi công ở các vị trí gấp khúc hay cắt đều được .
Bên cạnh đó thì bạn còn có thể kết hợp với gạch khác để trang trí , tạo điểm nhấn .
– Mẫu mã đa dạng : phải nói rằng sản phẩm rất đa dạng cả về màu sắc , kích thước hay họa tiết .
Bạn có thể đặt hàng theo màu sắc , hoa văn theo nhu cầu để hợp với nhà tắm của mình .
– Chống thấm nước , không trơn trượt : được tráng một lớp men kính trên bề mặt nên nó vừa chống thấm nước , chống ẩm mốc .
Đặc biệt với lớp men này còn chống trơn trượt hiệu quả .
Đảm bảo an toàn cho gia chủ .
– Tăng độ bền cho nhà vệ sinh : nhờ độ bền cao mà nó giúp tăng độ chắc chắn và bền bỉ cho nhà tắm .
Sử dụng bền lâu và luôn giữ màu sắc tươi sáng .
Các mẫu gạch mosaic ốp vệ sinh
Hiện nay gạch mosaic rất được ưa chuộng cho không gian nhà tắm , nhà vệ sinh .
Trong đó có 3 loại được lựa chọn và đánh giá cao nhất là : gạch mosaic thủy tinh , gạch mosaic men và gạch mosaic đá marble .
1. Gạch mosaic thủy tinh
– Loại gạch này được sử dụng phổ biến nhất vì tính thẩm mỹ của nó rất cao .
Thích hợp với điều kiện khí hậu Việt Nam , việc thi công cũng đơn giản và nhanh chóng .
– Gạch thủy tinh có độ sáng và độ phản quang cao , khi được chiếu sáng vào nó sẽ tạo vẻ đẹp lấp lánh cho không gian trở nên lung linh , huyền ảo .
– Khối lượng gạch nhẹ , dễ dàng vận chuyển , thi công , cũng không ảnh hưởng đến kết cấu công trình , độ bám dính cũng tốt hơn .
– Chống ăn mòn hóa chất , đây là điểm rất đặc trưng của loại gạch này , nhờ vậy mà nó không bị phai màu sau thời gian dài sử dụng cũng như vệ sinh .
– Thân thiện với môi trường : được làm từ thủy tinh tái chế , do đó mà không chỉ thân thiện môi trường còn không gây hại cho sức khỏe người dùng .
2. Gạch mosaic men
– Có 2 loại chủ yếu là men bóng và men lì , tùy vào nhu cầu , mục đích sử dụng và sở thích của mình để chọn loại phù hợp ( men bóng giúp không gian sạch sẽ và sáng bóng , còn gạch men lì thì cho không gian thêm sắc nét , chống trơn trượt ) .
– Màu men đa dạng : gạch men thì đang dạng về màu cũng như độ bền màu cao .
Bạn có thể chọn màu theo sở thích , theo phong thủy , hay theo màu sắc của đồ trong nhà vệ sinh đều đáp ứng được hết .
– Chống trơn trượt hiệu quả : so với 2 loại gạch còn lại thì gạch men có khả năng chống trơn trượt cao nhất nhờ độ lì và nhảm trên bề mặt .
– Chống thấm , chống mài mòn : với kết cấu 3 lớp được liên kết với nhau bằng keo chuyên dụng , tạo nên viên gạch bền bỉ , không thấm nước cũng không bị mài mòn .
– Khó bám bẩn , dễ vệ sinh : bề mặt được tráng lớp men do đó nó rất khó bám bẩn , nếu có bị bẩn thì cũng dễ dàng lau chùi với chiếc khăn ướt .
3 . Gạch mosaic đá marble
– Loại gạch này có họa tiết hoa văn hướng đến thiên nhiên như hoa lá , vảy cá , … tạo nên sự sinh động , gần gũi và tràn đầy sức sống cho không gian sử dụng , đặc biệt thích hợp với nhà tắm vệ sinh .
– Mẫu mã đang dạng , phù hợp với nhà vệ sinh từ cổ điển đến hiện đại , từ nhẹ nhàng đến phá cách .
– Bề mặt gạch có các họa tiết hoa văn nổi do đó nó chống trơn trượt cực kỳ tốt .
Trên đây là các mẫu gạch mosaic ốp vệ sinh bền , đẹp , giá rẻ .
Sản phẩm được Gachmosaic .info nhập khẩu và phân phối chính hãng trên toàn quốc với giá tốt nhất .
Nếu quý khách hàng có nhu cầu mua sản phẩm hãy liên hệ tới số Hotline : 0962.860.006 để được tư vấn MIỄN PHÍ .
Quý khách hàng có thể tìm hiểu thêm thông tin về các mẫu gạch mới nhất hiện nay tại : http://yousuckatwebsites.com/
POLITICAL CAMPAIGNS INTERACT with voters mostly through the media , and the question of whether the media is biased is more or less constantly being debated .
Researchers decided to test whether newspaper coverage affects the politics of its readers .
They offered households in a remote suburb of Washington , D.C. , free 10 - week subscriptions to either the more - liberal Washington Post or the more - conservative ... ( Full article : 788 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Over the years , I ’ve found that my ability to put my feelings on the shelf has served me well .
The distance and perspective that this ability gives me is part of what makes me such a good engineer and , I like to think , a reasonably skilled journalist .
But last Thursday , and every day since , I ’ve been left wondering if this skill has cost me more than I realized .
I feel the same passions that others do , even greater if my youth was any indication , it ’s just that I do n’t permit myself to act on those passions except in the most carefully controlled ways .
I learned long ago that I have a core of anger that gives me a great deal of strength , but that core can burst forth in a supernova of fury that leaves everything and everyone , including me , devastated when it finally burns itself out .
But on Thursday , I was surrounded by people who did n’t have any problems with spontaneously erupting in cheers and applause when Obama said something that they approved of .
It was like they ’d somehow been granted the ability to believe in a way that I simply cannot do .
They , like some of my friends , were inspired by Obama .
They had their hope rekindled by Obama .
For lack of a better word , they believed in Obama .
And I cannot .
It ’s not like I do n’t want to – I do .
Desperately .
But I literally can’t .
I ’ve lived with being a cynic and skeptic for so long that it ’s poisoned my outlook on nearly everything .
I ca n’t allow myself to believe in any leader because not a single one of them has shown that they ’re actually worthy of my faith .
At least , that ’s what I tell myself .
In fact , I crave the kind of Bobby Kennedy moment that so many of my parents ’ generation had .
I long for the purity of faith that my children show every day .
And I ache for the feelings of connection that so many feel with Obama .
This would n’t necessarily be a problem if I had figured out a way to regulate my emotions instead of having just two settings – on and off .
Because I ’ve left them turned off for so long , it sometimes feels like I can’t relate to other people as well as I should , or even as well as I used to back in college .
It sometimes feels like I can’t relate to my own children , that I ’ve doomed myself to being one of those emotionally distant father figures that I do n’t want to be .
I know all the right words , but I ca n’t seem to find the emotional connection that underlies the words these days .
And right now , that makes me feel almost as if I ’m less than human somehow – little more than a tin man .
On the other hand , as my wonderful wife pointed out in , society needs people who can do what I do .
When the true believers get behind the wheel , people like me keep society from carreening out of control .
We ’re always there to put the brakes on , to point out the unpleasant and unfortunate realities that the believers are able to conveniently ignore .
For lack of a better word , I ’m a reality check .
A tin man with no heart , but an analytical computer for a mind .
Every so often I ’d like to be able to flip the switch from “ off ” to ” on ” and be able to connect with someone at the level so many seem able to connect to Obama .
I ca n’t do that with Obama , at least not yet .
But I think I know what needs to happen for me to be able to have some hope , some faith , in Obama .
I need the American people to illustrate that they ’re smart enough to elect him in the first place , and then I need him to follow through on his promises .
I can allow myself just enough hope this election cycle to vote for him , and hope that enough other will to .
Near Infinity in Krabi
Home
What we do Who we are Join us Blogs Krabi Hotels
BIG DATA
NIC has years of experience developing , deploying , operating and evolving the government ’s most successful cloud - based , big data entity analytic capabilities .
Our engineers developed the open source search engine , Blur , capable of querying massive amounts of data at incredible speeds .
More on Big Data
MOBILE
Commercial mobile apps , mobile forensics , offensive and defensive tactical applications , secure field apps — Near Infinity is at the forefront of mobile development activities within the U.S. Government .
More on Mobile
TRUSTED APPS
Near Infinity has over 25 applications in production in the U.S. Intelligence Community .
We solve our customers ’ hardest problems .
We do n’t just write software .
We solve problems .
JOIN US
Near Infinity is a great place to work .
We have been honored by numerous organizations for our internal training and development program , our exceptional work environment , and our commitment to lifelong learning .
More on working for Near Infinity
Big Data Mobile Trusted Apps Join Us
ABOUT NEAR INFINITY
AT NEAR INFINITY , we know software development .
We serve a range of customers in the federal government as well as the commercial sector , specializing in the financial , intelligence and security industries .
FAST
Delivering great software , fast
AGILE
Using effective , customer - centric Agile development practices
BEST
Hiring only the most qualified and passionate technologists
NEWS
BLUR ACCEPTED INTO THE APACHE INCUBATOR PROGRAM
RESTON , VIRGINIA Near Infinity is pleased to announce that its big data search engine , Blur , ...
NEAR INFINITY EXPLORING KRABI HOTELS
Near Infinity the 2012 Hottest Emerging Government Contractor spent strategic session at wonderful Krabi , Thailand .
more Krabi hotels
Amari Vogue Krabi Hotel Tub Kaek Beach
Centara Grand Beach Resort & Villas Krabi
Chada Beach Resort & Spa Koh Lanta
Dusit Thani Krabi Beach Resort
Koh Jum Beach Villas
Layana Resort And Spa ( Adults Only ) Koh Lanta
Nakamanda Resort And Spa Klong Muang Beach
Phulay Bay , A Ritz - Carlton Reserve Hotel Krabi
Pimalai Resort & Spa Koh Lanta
Rawi Warin Resort And Spa Koh Lanta
Rayavadee Hotel Krabi
Sofitel Krabi Phokeethra Golf And Spa Resort
The Shellsea Hotel Krabi
Zeavola Resort Ko Phi Phi
Ananta Burin Resort Krabi
Anyavee Ao Nang Bay Resort Krabi
Anyavee Tubkaek Beach Resort Krabi
Ao Nang Orchid Resort
Ao Nang Phu Pi Maan Resort & Spa Krabi
Aonang Buri Resort Ao Nang
Aonang Cliff Beach Resort Krabi
Aonang Phu Petra Resort Krabi
Aonang Princeville Resort Krabi
Aonang Villa Resort Krabi
Arawan Krabi Beach Resort
Aree Tara Resort Ao Nang
Baan Laanta Resort & Spa Koh Lanta
Baan Manu Chang Hotel Krabi
Ban Sainai Resort Krabi
Beach Boutique Resort Had Yao Beach
Beyond Resort Krabi Klong Muang Beach
Bhu Nga Thani Resort And Spa Krabi
Bluesotel Krabi
Buri Tara Resort Krabi
Centara Anda Dhevi Resort And Spa Krabi
Centra By Centara Phu Pano Resort Krabi
Costa Lanta Hotel Koh Lanta
Crown Lanta Resort & Spa Koh Lanta
Deevana Krabi Resort ( Adults Only )
Deevana Plaza Krabi Hotel
Golden Beach Resort Ao Nang
Golden Pool Villas Koh Lanta
Holiday Inn Resort Krabi Ao Nang Beach
Holiday Inn Resort Phi Phi Island Ko Phi Phi
Islanda Hideaway Resort Krabi
Kaleane Villa Krabi
Krabi Cha-Da Resort
Krabi Front Bay Resort
Krabi La Playa Resort
Krabi Resort
Krabi Thai Village Resort
Krabi Tipa Resort
Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Sand Resort & Spa Koh Lanta
Maritime Park And Spa Resort Krabi
Maya Koh Lanta Resort
Nantra De Deluxe Hotel Had Yao Beach
Pakasai Resort Krabi
Pavilion Queen 'S Bay Hotel Krabi
Peace Laguna Resort And Spa Krabi
Phi Phi Cliff Beach Resort
Phi Phi Island Village Beach Resort
Phi Phi Nice Beach Hotel Hip Ko Phi Phi
Phra Nang Inn Krabi
Phra Nang Lanta Hotel Koh Lanta
Phutara Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Pilanta Spa Resort Koh Lanta
Pinky Bungalow Koh Lanta
Poonsiri Resort Krabi
Pp Princess Resort Ko Phi Phi
Railay Bay Resort & Spa Krabi
Railay Village Resort & Spa Krabi
Red Ginger Chic Resort Krabi
Red Ginger Resort Ao Nang
Srilanta Resort Koh Lanta
Srisuksant Resort Krabi
Tetris Hotel Ao Nang
Thanya Beach Resort Koh Ngai
The Elements Krabi Resort
The Houben ( Adults Only ) Hotel Koh Lanta
The L Resort Krabi
The Pelican Residence And Suites Krabi
The Phu Beach Hotel Krabi
The Small Hotel Krabi
The Tama Hotel Krabi
The Tubkaak Krabi Boutique Resort
Twin Lotus Koh Lanta ( Adults Only ) Hotel
Villa 360 Ko Phi Phi
Villa Thalanena
Vogue Resort & Spa Ao Nang Krabi
Vogue Resort And Spa Ao Nang
Wareerak Hot Spring Retreat Hotel Krabi
3 Bees Resort Ao Nang
A Little Villa Krabi
Alama Sea Village Resort Koh Lanta
Alisea Boutique Hotel Krabi
Aloha Lanta Hotel Koh Lanta
Amantra Resort & Spa
Ananda Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Anda Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Andalay Boutique Resort Koh Lanta
Andaman Holiday Resort Krabi
Andaman Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Andaman Legacy Guest House Krabi
Andaman Pearl Resort Krabi
Andamanee Boutique Resort Krabi
Anyavee Ban Ao Nang Resort Krabi
Anyavee Railay Resort
Ao Nang Cliff View Resort
Ao Nang Home Stay ( Adults Only ) Krabi
Ao Nang Sunset Hotel
Aonang All Seasons Beach Resort Krabi
Aonang Ayodhaya Beach Resort Krabi
Aonang Eco Inn Ao Nang
Aonang Mountain Paradise Hotel Krabi
Aonang Mountain View Hotel Ao Nang
Aonang Paradise Resort Ao Nang
Aonang Silver Orchid Resort Ao Nang
Aonang Viva Resort Ao Nang
Apasari Krabi Hotel
At Krabi Pura Hostel
Avatar Railay Hotel Krabi
Baan Bandalay Hotel Krabi
Baan Dahla Resort Krabi
Baan Habeebee Resort Ao Nang
Baan Pakgasri Hideaway Hotel Koh Lanta
Baan Sawan Resort Krabi
Bamboo Bay Resort Koh Lanta
Banana Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Bay View Resort Ko Phi Phi
Beach Terrace Hotel Krabi
Bida Daree Resort Krabi
Blue Village Krabi Ao Nang
Boonsiam Hotel Krabi
Cha Wan Resort Krabi
Chaw Ka Cher Tropicana Lanta Resort Krabi
Chaya Resort Krabi
Chunut House Resort Ko Phi Phi
City Hotel Krabi
Clean Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Coco Beach Resort Had Yao Beach
Coco Lanta Eco Resort Koh Lanta
Crystal Hotel Krabi
D.R. Lanta Bay Resort Koh Lanta
Diamond Beach Resort Krabi
Discovery Resort Tha Lane Bay
Dream Valley Resort Krabi
Duangjai Resort Krabi
Emerald Bungalow Resort Krabi
Emerald Garden Resort Ao Nang
Escape Cabins Koh Lanta
Eyes Lanta Lifestyle Resort Koh Lanta
Forum House Hotel Krabi
Golden Bay Cottage Koh Lanta
Good Days Lanta Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Green House Hotel Krabi
Green View Village Resort Ao Nang
Gypsy Sea View Resort Ko Phi Phi
Holiday Villa Koh Lanta
Ibis Styles Krabi Ao Nang Hotel
Icheck Inn Ao Nang Krabi
Icheck Inn Klong Muang Krabi
Isle Beach Resort Krabi
J. Holiday Inn Krabi
Jungle Village Bungalows Krabi
Just Fine Krabi Hotel
Kantiang View Resort Koh Lanta
Kaw Kwang Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Ko Hai Fantasy Resort And Spa Koh Ngai
Koh Jum Resort Krabi
Koh Ngai Cliff Beach Resort
Koh Ngai Resort
Krabi Andaman Sea Resort
Krabi Aquamarine Resort
Krabi City View Hotel
Krabi Fresh Home Resort
Krabi Heritage Hotel
Krabi Life Homestay
Krabi Loma Hotel
Krabi Nemo House Hotel Ao Nang
Krabi River Hotel
Krabi Sands Resort
Krabi Seaview Resort
Krabi Tropical Beach Resort
La Venice On The Beach Hotel Ao Nang
Laguna Beach Club Resort Koh Lanta
Lalaanta Hideaway Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Castaway Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Casuarina Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Emerald Bungalow Koh Lanta
Lanta Island Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Klong Nin Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Lapaya Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Manda Hotel Koh Lanta
Lanta Marine Park View Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Mermaid Boutique House Hotel Koh Lanta
Lanta Miami Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta New Coconut Bungalow Koh Lanta
Lanta Palace Resort And Beach Club Koh Lanta
Lanta Paradise Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Pavilion Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Pearl Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Pura Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Riviera Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Seafront Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Summer House Hotel Koh Lanta
Lanta Sweet Mansion Koh Lanta
Little Home Ao Nang
Longbeach Villa Krabi
Maleedee Bay Resort Ao Nang
Mama Beach Residence
Mandawee Resort And Spa Krabi
Maney Resort Ko Phi Phi
Mango House Seafront Suites Koh Lanta
Marina Express -Fisherman-Aonang Hotel Krabi
Mayalay Beach Resort Koh Ngai
Mook Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Moonlight Exotic Bay Resort Koh Lanta
Moonwalk Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Mountain View Resort Krabi
Nadivana Serviced Apartments Ao Nang
Nakara Long Beach Resort
Nautilus Right On The Beach Resort Adults Only Koh Lanta
Noppharat Resort Ao Nang
Ocean View Resort Koh Lanta
Ocean View Resort Koh Lanta
Orange City Hotel Ao Nang
P.P. Blue Sky Resort Ko Phi Phi
P.P. Casita Hotel Ko Phi Phi
P.P. Erawan Palms Resort Ko Phi Phi
P.P. Maiyada Resort Ko Phi Phi
P.P. Palmtree Resort Ko Phi Phi
Pada Hotel Koh Lanta
Palm Paradise Resort Krabi
Pantharee Resort Krabi
Papaya Phi Phi Resort
Papillon Bungalows Koh Lanta
Paradise Pearl Bungalows Ko Phi Phi
Paradise Resort Phi Phi Ko Phi Phi
Phanom Bencha Mountain Resort Krabi
Phi Phi Andaman Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Andaman Legacy Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Anita Resort
Phi Phi Arboreal Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Banyan Villa Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Bayview Premier Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Chang Grand Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Don Chukit Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Erawan Palms Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Island Cabana Hotel Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Long Beach Resort & Villa Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Natural Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Nice Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Power Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Sea Sky Resort
Phi Phi The Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Villa Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phitharom Pp Resort Phi Phi Don
Phranang Place Hotel Ao Nang
Phu Panwa Resort Krabi
Phu Pha Aonang Resort & Spa Ao Nang
Phuphaya Seaview Resort Phi Phi Don
Pp Charlie Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Pp Ingphu Viewpoint Hotel Phi Phi Don
Railay Great View Resort & Spa Krabi
Railay Princess Resort & Spa Krabi
Railay Viewpoint Resort Krabi
Rasa Sayang Resort Koh Lanta
Relax Bay Resort Koh Lanta
Rimlay Villas Krabi
Royal Lanta Resort & Spa Koh Lanta
Royal Nakara Aonang Hotel Ao Nang
Saladan Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Sand Sea Resort , Railay Beach Krabi
Sayang Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Sea Sand Sun Resort Koh Lanta
Seashell Resort Krabi
Silver Sand Suites Ao Nang
Sleep Whale Hotel Krabi
Somkiet Buri Resort Ao Nang
Soontreeya Lanta Hotel Koh Lanta
Southern Lanta Resort Koh Lanta
Sripet Hotel Krabi
Sunda Resort Krabi
Sunrise Tropical Resort Krabi
Tairada Boutique Hotel Krabi
Thai Hotel Krabi
Thai House Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Thapwarin Resort Koh Ngai
The Beacha Club Hotel Ko Phi Phi
The Cliff Ao Nang Resort
The Fong Krabi Resort
The Greenery Hotel Krabi
The Moderna Resort Krabi
The Narima Bungalow Resort Koh Lanta
The Oasis Resort Krabi
The River Scene Hotel Krabi
The White Pearl Hotel Krabi
The Wings Boutique Hotel Koh Lanta
Thepparat Lodge Krabi
Thip Residence Boutique Hotel Ao Nam Mao
Timber House Resort Krabi
Tingraibay Resort Koh Jum
Tonsai Bay Resort Krabi
Toto Residence Ao Nang
Tup Kaek Sunset Beach Resort Krabi
Twin Bay Resort Koh Lanta
Verandah Hotel Ao Nang
Viking Nature Resort Ko Phi Phi
Vipa Tropical Resort Ao Nang
White Sand Krabi Resort
Your Hostel Krabi
3 Bees Guesthouse Ao Nang
Amorn Mansion Krabi
Andaman Beach Resort Koh Jum
Ao Nang Backpacker Hotel
Ao Nang Beach Home
Ao Nang Tropical Resort
Ao Nang View La Villa
Aonang 88 Hostel Ao Nang
Aonang Andaman Resort Krabi
Aonang Cliff Mountain New Resort Ao Nang
Aonang Easy Room Ao Nang
Aonang Good View Hotel Krabi
Aonang Goodwill Hotel Ao Nang
Aonang Miti Resort Ao Nang
Aonang Phutawan Resort Ao Nang
Aonang Smile Hotel Ao Nang
Aonang Success Beach Resort Krabi
Ascot Krabi Hotel Ao Nang
B Trio Guesthouse Krabi
B. B. Mansion Krabi
Baanthara Guesthouse Ao Nang
Bai Fern Mansion Krabi
Banyan Tree Resort Railay Beach
Blae Hostel Krabi
Bliss Resort Krabi
Chanchalay Hip Hostel Krabi
Chandee Guesthouse Krabi
Check Inn Resort Krabi
Climb Krabi Inn
Coco Nori Resort Krabi
Cube Hostel Krabi
Diamond Home Resort Krabi
Diamond Place Hotel Ao Nang
Dream Team Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Funky Fish Hostel Koh Lanta
Glur Hostel Ao Nang
Grand Mansion Krabi
Grand Tower Hotel Krabi
Green Beach Camping Hotel Ko Phi Phi
Guitar Residence Ao Nang
Gypsy House Hotel Phi Phi Don
Happiness Resort Krabi
Harmony House Hostel Ko Phi Phi
Harvest House Hotel Ao Nang
Hasna Palace Ao Nang
Hey Beach Hostel Koh Lanta
Hogwarts Hostel Krabi
Hometel Hotel Krabi
Hop Inn Krabi
Ideal Beds Hostel Ao Nang Beach
Ivory Phi Phi Island Hostel Ko Phi Phi
J Hotel Ao Nang
J Mansion Ao Nang
J2B Beach Bungalows Krabi
Jinda Guesthouse Krabi
K.L. Boutique Hotel Krabi
Khum Laanta Resort Koh Lanta
Kiss Hometel Ao Nang
Koh Jum Lodge
Koh Kwang Resort Krabi
Krabi City Seaview Hotel
Krabi Cozy Place Hotel
Krabi Flora Hotel
Krabi Grand Place Hotel
Krabi Hipster Hotel
Krabi Inn & Omm Hotel
Krabi Nature View Guesthouse
Krabi Phutara Resort Tha Lane Bay
Krabi Riverview Hotel
Krabi Royal Hotel
Krisda Villa Krabi
Lada Krabi Residence
Lanna Beach Guesthouse Ao Nang
Lanta Dareen Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Happy Hill Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Long Beach Hostel Koh Lanta
Lanta Marina Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Mountain Nice View Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Nature Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Nice Beach House Aparthotel Koh Lanta
Lanta Palm Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Paragon Hotel Koh Lanta
Lanta Sea House Hotel Koh Lanta
Lanta Sunmoon Bungalow Koh Lanta
Leaf House Hotel Koh Lanta
Lemonade Boutique Inn Koh Lanta
Loma Place Hotel Ao Nang
Luna House Hotel Ao Nang
Marine House Hostel Phi Phi Don
No.7 Guesthouse Krabi
Non La Mer Hostel Koh Lanta
Oasis Resort Krabi
P.A.N Beach Bungalow Krabi
P. Guest House Krabi
P.K. Mansion Ao Nang
Pak - Up Hostel Krabi
Palace Ao Nang Resort
Palm Driving Range & Resort Krabi
Palmari Boutique Hotel Ban Nua Khlong
Panorama Bungalow Koh Lanta
Payang Bungalow Krabi
Peace Paradise Resort Koh Jum
Peacock Hostel Koh Lanta
Phi Phi Backpacker - Hostel Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Beach Front Resort
Phi Phi Cozy Seafront Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Four Season Sea View Hotel Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Hill Bamboo Bungalow Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Inn
Phi Phi Relax Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Sand Sea View Resort Ko Phi Phi
Phi Phi Sunset Bay Resort
Phi Phi View Point Resort
Phuttachot Resort Phi Phi Ko Phi Phi
Pine Bungalow Krabi
Poda Island Resort Krabi
Pooltara Resort Krabi
Pranang Flora House Hotel Ao Nang
Railay Garden View Resort Krabi
Rantee Cliff Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Riverside Hotel Krabi
Sabai Resort Krabi
Sawadee Resort Ao Nang
Season Bungalow Koh Jum
Slumber Party Hostel Ao Nang
Sunwaree Phi Phi Resort Ko Phi Phi
Sweet Home Guesthouse Krabi
Thaksin Grand Home Krabi
The Dream Garden Hotel Krabi
The Metallic Hostel Koh Lanta
The White Hotel Ko Phi Phi
Tohko Beach Resort Ko Phi Phi
Tropical Delight Resort Krabi
Tropical Garden Bungalow Ko Phi Phi
Vieng Thong Hotel Krabi
Wonderful Resort Koh Lanta
4 Bedroom Mangrove Bay Villa Tha Lane Bay
Adam Bungalows Ao Nang
Alanta Villa Koh Lanta
Ao Nang Bang On Resort
Aonang Guest Home Ao Nang
Apo Hotel Krabi
At Sea Apartment Krabi
Baan Banyan Tree Guest House Ao Nang
Baan Sabaidee Guest House Krabi
Bananas Resort & Restaurant
Banyan Bay Villas Koh Jum
Cat Bungalow Koh Lanta
Chic N Chill Bed And Breakfast Ao Nang
Coral Bay Resort Koh Jum
Diamond Sand Palace Koh Lanta
Driftwood Villa Had Yao Beach
Fahsai Bay Villa Ao Nam Mao
Gypsy Village 2 Phi Phi Don
Haleeva Resort Ao Nang
Hello House Holiday home Krabi
Hula Hula House Apartment Koh Lanta
Ibiza House Phi Phi Guest House
Infinity Pool Villa Krabi
Isara Lanta Hotel Koh Lanta
J.T. House Guest House Phi Phi Don
Krabi Dream Home Pool Villa
Lanta Andaleaf Bungalow Koh Lanta
Lanta Bee Garden Bungalow Koh Lanta
Lanta Garden Home Koh Lanta
Lanta Nice Beach Resort Koh Lanta
Lanta Triple Novel
Lantas Lodge Resort Koh Lanta
Living Room Guesthouse Ao Nang
Long Beach Chalet Koh Lanta
Lunla Lanta - Koh Lanta Guest House
Marina Hut Guest House Koh Lanta
Mild Bungalow Ao Nang
Nk Hometel Krabi
Nomads Long Beach Phi Phi Hotel Ko Phi Phi
Orange Tree House Guest House Krabi
Oscar Villa Aonang Krabi Ao Nang
P.N. Guesthouse Krabi
Pakgasri Guest House Koh Lanta
Phi Phi Dream Guest House Ko Phi Phi
Pimann Buri Luxury Pool Villas Krabi
Pitt Bungalow Koh Lanta
Pornthep Mansion Ao Nang
Raven Blue Guest House Koh Lanta
Sand Beach Bungalow Klong Muang Beach
Sand Beach Bungalow Krabi
Sea Culture Guest House Koh Lanta
Seava House Ao-Nang Krabi Villa Ao Nang
Smile Place Guest House Koh Lanta
Sp Resort Krabi
Swiss Chalet Ao Nang
Thai Island Dream Estate Villa Koh Lanta
Thara Bayview Villa Ao Nang
The Krabi Forest Homestay Ao Nang
The Rich House Guest House Ao Nang
The River Scene Guest House Krabi
The Sun Aonang Bungalow Ao Nang
The Unique Krabi Private Pool Villa Ao Nang
Uncle House Holiday home Krabi
Unseen Bungalow Koh Lanta
Villa Saifon Aonang Krabi Ao Nang
Villa Sukhothai @ Golden Pool Villas Koh Lanta
Zabava Guest House Ao Nang
TECHNICAL COMMUNITY
TECH TALKS
BLOGS
NodeJS Test Coverage Reporting with CoverShot
Jeff Kunkle on Aug 28 , 2012
Automated testing is a critically important practice at Near Infinity .
We try to automate every ...
Emberjs
Better Error Reporting of Liquid Exceptions in Jekyll
Tech Presentation Tip 3 - Mirror Displays
Jeff Kunkle on Aug 14 , 2012
This is the third in a series of posts extracted from my Presentation Tips Video ...
more blogs
what we do
big data mobile trusted apps products
join us
NIC - U benefits open positions internship program
tech community
our blogs tech talks speaking engagements published works
connect
Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn GitHub
contact
1881 Campus Commons Dr
Suite 205
Reston , VA 20191
703-904-7505
703-904-3043
info@nearinfinity.com
Looking for a great place to hold an event ?
See !?
There really is accountability in the war on drugs .
All you have to do is get video of a cop nearly killing a guy over a petty misdemeanor .
Seriously though , as rare as this is , it does send an important message that there can be consequences for police who use excessive force against peaceful suspects :
MT. JULIET , Tenn .
( AP ) - A Tennessee police officer has pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault charges after he was caught on video using a chokehold on a man suspected of hiding marijuana in his mouth .
An attorney for Cpl. William Cosby says he pleaded not guilty Thursday .
A lawyer for the city of Mt. Juliet , about 20 miles east of Nashville , says Cosby has been fired .
Cosby 's attorney , Chuck Ward , says the decision to fire Cosby shows the city believes him to be " guilty until proven innocent . "
Video from a city police car shows Cosby using a chokehold on 26 - year - old James Lawrence Anders Jr. during an April traffic stop .
The video then shows Anders passing out .
Charges including marijuana possession were later dropped .
Anders is suing over the incident .
The story went out on AP and was covered in several news outlets .
One thing that remains unclear to me is whether the suspect ever even had any marijuana .
If anyone can locate additional coverage or the actual video , please send it to me
[ Thanks , Nate ]
Update :
That was fast .
You can watch the video here .
There was no marijuana in the suspect 's mouth and he tested negative for marijuana use .
Thanks , Zane .
Help the white working class or risk surge in far - Right extremists , says equalities chief
Warning : Trevor Phillips said the white working classes should be given more support to prevent Right - wing extremism
Britain risks a surge in Right - wing extremism if it fails to help its white working class weather the recession , the equalities chief will warn today .
Trevor Phillips will break with years of political convention to call for the law to be changed to enshrine positive discrimination in favour of disadvantaged whites .
His startling intervention in the race debate is a rebuke to Harriet Harman , who earlier this year trumpeted plans to make companies discriminate in favour of women and ethnic minorities .
Mr Phillips said ministers should allow councils and education authorities to introduce ' positive action ' programmes aimed specifically at young whites unable to compete with highly skilled immigrants because the ' need is so great ' .
And he warned that immigration has fuelled ' resentments that are real and should not be dismissed – resentments felt by white , black and Asian ' .
The chairman of the Equalities and Human Rights Commission set out his thinking to the Daily Mail ahead of his appearance at a CBI event on immigration today alongside immigration minister Phil Woolas .
Mr Phillips said failure to help white families hit by the downturn could drive them into the arms of far - Right parties similar to those that have brought turmoil to Austria , Belgium and Holland .
He also warned that ministers needed to acknowledge the resentment by some whites over what they see as unfair help given to blacks and Asians .
' What we are seeing is that there is a whole group of people , a large proportion of whom are white , who are going to suffer from this crisis who are going to be the people we should want to help , particularly because they come from the wrong side of town , ' he said .
' We are going to have to do something special for them .
We are going to have to put extra resources where young people can't compete with migrants ' skills .
' And in some parts of the country , it is clear that what defines disadvantage wo n't be black or brown , it will be white .
And we will have to take positive action to help some white groups , what we might call the white underclass . '
And he warned : ' We know what the political consequences are because we have seen it on the Continent .
' If we ignore the fact some white groups are going to be disadvantaged we will end up with the same kind of conflicts we have seen in Austria , Belgium and now Holland , where the anti-immigrant racist Right - wing parties get a big boost .
' We need to do more to help those who are going to suffer and who will then think that the reason they are suffering is their colour .
' We need to pay attention to that white underclass that happens not to live in the right part of town . '
Politicians have long shied away from allowing positive discrimination , claiming it flies in the face of equality laws .
But its supporters claim the system is a necessary way of helping minorities finding it difficult to get a job or housing , by pushing them to the top of the queue .
In June , Miss Harman angered business leaders by revealing plans for new anti-discrimination laws .
Harriet Harman : Revealed controversial new anti-discrimination laws in favour of women and ethnic minorities
She said she wanted to see more women and ethnic minorities promoted into senior posts and would use next year 's Equalities Bill to discriminate in their favour .
Under the plans , firms will be forced to reveal the salary gap between their male and female staff to shame employers into bringing them into line .
But in what was seen as a clear ' white men need not apply ' , she made no attempt to suggest that whites could benefit from positive discrimination as well .
Mr Phillips said he wanted to see the bill used to help whites .
And he added Miss Harman had been looking at the work of the commission .
' Positive action now in Britain is more likely to mean programmes for people who are poor , white and come from workless households than it is for East African Asians , for example , ' he added .
Earlier this summer , Miss Harman insisted : ' It is important to encourage applications from minority groups , but we are strongly against positive discrimination so someone gets a job just because they are black or disabled . '
Mr Phillips also warned against allowing the economic crisis to trigger an outburst of anti-immigrant feeling in the UK .
' It 's dangerous and it 's divisive , ' he said .
He claimed immigrants could act as a ' buffer ' against the impact of recession because they are more likely to return to their countries than stay in Britain and swell the unemployment register .
' If it was n't for the fact that migrants from eastern Europe are now going home you would see a great many more people unemployed in this country , ' he claimed .
Last week , Mr Woolas was forced to backtrack after suggesting that there should be a cap on the number of immigrants allowed into the country .
Last night , Mr Phillips dismissed Mr Woolas 's call for a cap , saying : ' We need to control it , we need to be tough on borders but the idea is a promise no one can deliver . '
Everyone gets too busy .
They pile up their tasks , responsibilities and often over - promise while struggling to maintain any kind of work life balance .
It ’s a hectic lifestyle that many lead and while I ’ve written some articles on how to simplify your life and mind to get around this , there are other ways to help address this problem with the work and tasks you face .
I learned a key principle while going through a training course for work and while reading Lean Thinking .
The idea is to identify and eliminate waste .
This can apply not only in a production environment like the book is targeted for , but in life in general .
There is so much going on around us every day we need to really strive to find and eliminate the waste that consumes our valuable time in life .
Finding Waste
When I first read the book , I did n’t connect the dots .
Most people understand that creating waste in a production environment results in lost resources and money .
However , as my thinking expanded outside of work , I saw areas of waste in everything .
Some of the areas I quickly identified are :
Repetitive communication in multiple formats
Entry of data or documents in multiple locations / formats
Dependencies between people waiting for each other
Tools that make development slower or difficult
The workplace environment with policies / procedures that exist but are not always useful
Rework to fix problems caused internally
Rewrites of software due to unexpected changes
Failed attempts to solve a problem
The list could carry on for a long time in nearly everything we do .
Anyone can find waste in life and there is always room for eliminating some of it .
I ’ve learned a couple of areas that drastically help with finding and identifying the waste we each experience .
Time Analysis
One of the best ways I know to find waste is to spend a week recording your actions in 15 minute intervals .
I learned this technique from Peter Drucker in his timeless masterpiece The Effective Executive in a process he calls the Drucker analysis .
You basically capture all your actions on a notepad for an entire week in 15 minute intervals .
At the end of the week , you categorize your time spent and look at the overall time spent in each of those categories .
Doing this will reveal a lot of time spent on things that do n’t really have any lasting impact or importance to you or others around you .
Those are the areas of waste !
Ask Others
Another technique is to ask others what they think you spend most of your time on .
Generally the impression you give others has some foundation so someone else ’s opinion on what you spend your time on is going to be fairly accurate .
It may not be what you want them to see or believe , but it likely has merit from normal observation .
Again , you can then classify this feedback into groups ( if you ask multiple people ) and collectively review all the things you spend your time on to see the areas that you consider to be waste .
Review Your Goals and Passions
Look next at your goals and passions in life .
What are all the things that are holding you back from those ?
Everything that holds you back from what is important is potentially waste .
For some people , critical thinking comes naturally so it ’s often a lot easier to explore the areas that are getting in the way of the important things in life and work .
Create a list of 10 - 20 things that get in the way of your goals and passions and look at which of those you ’d consider waste .
It ’s quite likely that most of them are .
What is YOUR Life Waste Anyway ?
The stuff you desire , dream for and long for are the areas you wish to experience more of .
Maybe these are your adventures , travels , sports , family , friends , work , hobbies , etc .
It ’s different for each person of course and the important items in your life are the things that are often the hardest to find time to do .
All that stuff that gets in the way is waste .
It can seem that daily activities are endless and that most people really do n’t want to be doing them .
All these are waste :
Driving to / from work
Paying bills
Doing dishes and cleaning the house
Mowing the lawn and other yard work
Preparing meals and shopping / buying living essentials
Most people would agree with those areas that they do n’t have any real lasting value .
More debatable areas of waste are often in our pastimes :
Watching TV
Surfing the web
Sleeping more than we need
Line ups and delays for simple things like coffee and lunch
Work
These are not considered waste for everybody but there is definitely some waste here , it just varies from person to person about how they feel about those activities .
All the other things in life that you HAVE to do may be areas of waste as well .
Do they support some other activity that you want to do and spend more time at ?
Work perhaps ?
What about your lifestyle and how you manage your time to commute and look after your groceries and bills ?
All that is wasteful and is worth adding to your list so you can look to eliminate it next !
I was inspired to expand on this topic and build this list because of a post by Andrew Bolis from Personal Hack who wrote that the biggest productivity tip is elimination .
My list however , looks specifically at the physical time factor and tasks undertaken in life that are wasteful .
Here ’s my list :
10 Ways to Eliminate Waste
In order to eliminate waste there are many options , some simple , some drastic .
Here are a 10 areas you could easily use to eliminate waste in your life .
Do n’t be so Patient !
Patience is definitely a virtue and it is something that most people who know me would say I have little of .
The advantage of that however is that I do n’t have the patience to wait around for things .
I see it as a huge waste and is an area I ’ve learned to eliminate .
I avoid line ups at all costs .
I do n’t wait in lines for simple pleasures like a drink or lunch .
I ’m not a coffee drinker but I see everyday hundreds of people waiting in line at coffee shops just wasting their time !
I grocery shop late in the evening when things are not as busy and lines are shorter .
I go to the bank or go shopping when places first open so I can get in and out fast without having to wait in line .
If you have less patience with day to day things it is easy to find places to eliminate waste .
Just stop doing it !
If you have the desire , motivation and will power , you may be able to simply stop doing things you consider waste .
The article that is linked covers a bit more of the how to actually do this .
If you can simply decide to stop something , it is the easiest way to eliminate waste from your life .
Oh , and the quickest !
Make Wasteful Activities More Difficult to Do
You intend to kill ( waste ) 30 minutes watching TV but instead , you get drawn in and it turns into 2 hours .
To prevent this , you can purposefully make a wasteful activity more difficult to do .
For example , if you want to spend less time watching TV , you can put the remote in the garage for a month , or put a wall timer on the TV that automatically shuts it off every night at a certain hour .
Even unplugging the TV so you have to find the cord and plug it in to use it will help you reduce the time spend in that activity since you ca n’t as easily do the activity mindlessly .
Move your couch so it does n’t face the TV , put a barricade in place that must be moved to watch or perhaps you might want to simply get rid of one or more televisions .
If you have to share one or use it only in one place that is less convenient , so you wo n’t waste nearly as much time with it .
This tip works for any activity that requires some object or physical device .
Pushing the ‘ power ’ button on the remote is too simple , make it tough .
Be more efficient
Unfortunately there are many tasks we do n’t want to do , but we still have to .
If that ’s the case , we should look to be more efficient at them so they do n’t waste as much time .
If you do a bunch of things at once , do n’t prioritize your tasks or just have a huge list of things to do , you will be switching back and forth which always add some waste .
Learn to prioritize tasks and find ways to be more efficient with them and you can get done those wasteful tasks quicker .
Look to find efficiencies in all your tasks .
Focus on Finishing with Your Waste
The last thing you want is to recycle your waste .
Do n’t take on tasks and activities that are wasteful without following through and finishing them .
Finish them so they are out of the way for good .
If you deal with some of it , put it off and then have to revisit it , you start all over and things take more and more time to complete .
Put your mind to finish with your waste and look forward to then having time made for the things you want to do .
Double Up
Even though I just listed in # 5 to have focus , there are often times where your mind is on autopilot and you can easily multitask .
For example , while doing house work or exercising , you could easily listen to music or audio books if those are things you enjoy and it allows you to turn time spent from be wasted to something you actually value .
You can listen to audio books while driving or exercising instead of having to do that time separately and you will find even MORE time for the things you love .
Reduce Your Travel Time
A drastic change here would be to buy a house closer to work or change jobs so you are close to home .
There are other ways to either reduce your travel time or maximize that time for other things .
You could car pool or use public transit so you can multitask on your commute to work with other tasks .
You could change your working hours so that traveling while traffic is light enables you to commute in less time .
Take time to spiritually reflect on your life
It ’s amazing how just a few minutes each day in prayer , meditation , or spiritual study can impact your ability to focus on what matters in life .
The time spent doing this wo n’t eliminate any other areas directly ( unless it simply replaces them ) but it will definitely give you more peace of mind and relaxation that will greatly assist you in simplifying your life and eliminating the things that are not that meaningful to you .
If no time is spent thinking about your purpose and life goals , you will have a hard time identifying what is and is n’t waste .
Commit some time to reflect on your life and use that to eliminate the areas that do n’t fit your purpose .
Find Someone else to Handle Your Waste
You might have put a lot of your waste items in a must do category feeling that they are necessary even though you do n’t want to do them and would label them as waste .
Well , the good news is that for what you consider waste , there is often someone out there would does n’t think that or might even value what you do n’t want to do .
This is especially true with service jobs such as yard work .
You do n’t have to do them yourself and there are companies and individuals who would welcome the work to take care of it for you .
This is an easy way ( even though it will often cost some money ) to eliminate waste .
Say NO !
The most lasting way to eliminate waste is to learn to say no .
Say no to buying new stuff you do n’t need , say no to tasks you do n’t want to do , say no to your habits that kill your time !
Practice saying no to things you are comfortable eliminating and work to expand that no to other areas .
If you can say no to anything that complicates and adds waste in your life , you can keep time available on the things that matter to you and to keep eliminating waste you already have .
You certainly do n’t need to eliminate one area of waste and just replace it with a new one .
You must be able to say NO when its wasteful to you .
So , those are the things I find work best to eliminate waste .
What are yours ?
I ’d love to hear if these work for you or if you have your own tools to eliminate waste .
I hope this gives you a way to look for the things you can stop doing , can say no to and I encourage you to help others learn to eliminate waste as well .
Mike
Written on 9/11/2008 by Mike King .
Aside from being a unicyclist and product development manager , Mike blogs at Learn
This , a productivity blog for passionately learning career , leadership and life improvement tips .
Photo Credit : Grahambones
The Mainstream Media has been suppressing this , but when you pay close attention ( and read The Corner ) there 's something pretty suspicious about Barack Obama 's decision to visit his allegedly sick alleged grandmother in Hawai'i at this crucial point in the campaign .
Think about it : Obama claims to have been born in Hawai'i , as his birth certificate says , and thus it would seem to follow that he might have family there , including an ailing grandmother in her mid-80s , and that he might want to visit her if she were ill .
But would n't it make much more sense if he was actually a secret Muslim , born elsewhere , who faked his birth certificate , and that he devised the whole grandmother thing as a cover story in order to race to Hawai'i in a panic in order to insert a more convincing fake birth certificate into the state archives , or to intercept Fox News " Obama expert " and Islamophobic anti-Semite Andy Martin , who 's currently in Hawai'i , and to stop Martin talking to his grandmother , who might otherwise inadvertently expose the whole " Obama is an American citizen " story as the lie that it is ?
I am sure you will agree that this version of events makes much more sense .
Why , Rush Limbaugh , Jerome Corsi and Michael Savage all believe it : what more proof do you want ?
And do n't forget about the lawsuit filed by Philadelphia attorney Philip Berg earlier this year , claiming that Obama is n't a natural - born citizen and thus is n't eligible to be president .
The Obama campaign , evidently shamed by the truth , ignored the lawsuit , which technically means that they have agreed to Berg 's claim , according to an unbiased legal interpretation provided by one Philip Berg .
The evidence is hiding in plain sight , people .
Hiding in plain sight .
Wake up !
UPDATE : An exceptionally good compendium of this election 's conspiracy craziness .
Erlang is the tech news more and more these days as a possible tool for designing software to run on multiple core machines .
I ’m very interested in servers and high - end server software so I have been following the news to see if Erlang will take off like other languages .
I must admit that I ’m not the type to jump onto new languages at a whim .
I ’m more intersted in building systems than I am in fancy frameworks or nifty syntax or what not .
Though I ’ve considered devoting some time to messing with Eiffel or Ada or Smalltalk or Python , I do n’t really have a reason to devote my free ( which I prefer to spend on foreign language study ) time to them .
C++ and Perl do everything I have ever needed , and I ” m already very familiar with the Standard Template Library , POSIX API , Win32 API , and other standard interfaces .
Ultimately when I try a new language , the reason I give up on it is that it takes a lot of time to master new APIs and frameworks .
No matter how many times I tried to do something with Python , it was faster to simply hack it out in C++ even if the code size was much larger .
Erlang does offer something that C++ cannot offer me though : a unique concurrency model without shared memory .
Writing multi- threaded software in C++ is always an exercise in syntax rules , debugging and humility .
Win32 Threads and PThreads are C APIs that force one to battle with static object behavior in your OOP applications .
You might remark that Python and many other languages have threads , why Erlang ?
For me , it is all about doing away with shared memory and simplifying the system design .
What ’s more , Joe Armstrong , the author of the language , has provided lots of data on the performance of Erlang .
I am also impressed that Ericsson and Nortel , two big cmpanies in the telecom industry I work in , employ Erlang in network telecom equipment that is used in massive telecom systems .
Telecom software is some of the most robust software operating in the wild !
I picked up Joe Armstrong ’s text , the only text on Erlang , at this time , and I ’ve made it to chapter eight when the concurrency discussion begins and you dive into Erlang ’s message passing constructs .
I have to say that so far I am struggling with the language though .
I understand the concepts , it is just hard to apply them to real software .
The idea that you cannot have variables is really messing with my brain .
Once you assign a value to a variable it remains that way forever –everything is “ const ” .
To communicate with another process , send a message .
It is going to take some time to really get the ideas burnt into my brain .
Perhaps another issue is that the basic syntax is so different from the C - language syntax that is common amongst all of the programming languages I use : C++ , Perl , Obj - C , Assembler , and Verilog .
( Well I guess Assembler is different , but it ties right in their with C with the memory layout . )
I really need to dive in and solve a problem that I ’ve solved in C++ so that I can see the bigger picture .
All of the talk about “ funs ” and pattern - matching and what not is not helping .
The section on dealing with binary data is mind blowing in its own way .
Bit vectors can be 9 bits in length !
I do n’t think I ’ve ever really considered anything but multiples of eight .
I just need to be patient and keep reading until I get to TCP sockets .
It has certainly been a very enlightening way to look at writing software thus far .
It is interesting to see a totally different approach to what I have grown accustomed to with OOP and imperative programming styles .
More to come in the future , I hope !
" You got to have some adversity , " said Penn State coach Joe Paterno , who again skipped running on the field and watched from the coaches ' box because of a sore hip and leg .
" You can't go out there and have everything go all your way all the time .
Everything we 've done has been so easy . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A musician who underwent brain surgery to treat a hand tremor played his banjo throughout to test the success of the procedure .
Eddie Adcock is one of the pillars of Bluegrass Music and realised his tremor could threaten his ability to perform professionally .
Surgeons placed electrodes in Mr Adcock 's brain and fitted a pace maker in his chest which delivers a small current which shuts down the region of his brain causing the tremors .
A surgeon filmed the operation at the Vanderbilt Medical Center in Nashville , Tennessee .
Stephen Evans met Eddie Adcock on his road trip with the BBC Talking America Bus
This post appeared earlier today on RealMoney .
Click here for a free trial , and enjoy incisive commentary all day , every day .
Any readers of this column who have children know that kids need a firm set of rules that create structure in their lives .
Some of this structure comes from the parents themselves , some from teachers in school , and still more comes from friends ' homes and society itself .
A youngster without structure in their life is likely doomed to fail at much of what they do .
( This , by the way , is not my personal observation .
It is a sociologically accepted principle proved by countless studies done on children worldwide .
Moreover , the findings just do n't apply to children .
Find me an adult with no structure , and you will likely find a very lost soul who is struggling to survive in virtually every facet of his life . )
Markets also need structure in order to grow , be healthy and thrive .
And when that structure breaks down , the market takes on the same sense of a lost soul -- struggling to survive in virtually every facet of its " life . "
Most technicians have been educated in a variety of indicators and studies to determine a security 's or index 's trend .
Their basic bag of goodies includes trend lines , moving averages , Elliott wave counts , Fibonacci numbers , relative strength index , moving average convergence / divergence , stochastics , Bollinger Bands , and the like .
Anyone even remotely technically inclined has been exposed to a host of these in her readings on technical analysis .
If you followed my research when I was chief technical strategist at Morgan Stanley , you know I use a little - known Far Eastern model that I learned many years ago to determine market structure .
( Most technicians have very little knowledge of this model , and what reference material exists is very elementary . )
I have used this methodology as my single most important indicator for more than 10 years and have made many countertrend , news - breaking market calls using it ( including the precise bottom to the entire bear market pre-open on the morning of Oct. 10 , 2002 ) .
It , more than any other model , shows me the lay of the land most clearly , and I have found to be more accurate than any other model out there .
What that model is showing now about the long - term bull structure of U.S. equities is unfortunately not a growing , healthy , thriving market .
Let me be clear : I am
not
referring to the bull market that started in October 2002 / March 2003 that went through the fall of 2007 .
What I am talking about is the long - term bull market that has been in place since the summer of
1982
.
You might question me how can I say that there has been a bull market that lasted 25 years , when the decline from 2000 to 2003 took the
S&P 500
down about 50 % and the
Nasdaq Composite
nearly 80 % .
Everyone knows that a bear market is defined by a move of 20 % or more down from a prior peak .
Surely we had that 20 % down move , qualifying these selloffs as true bear markets .
Well , the proof is in the interpretation of the charts that define structure , not the textbooks written by academics who tell us what a bull or bear market is " supposed " to be .
Case in point :
The chart below shows the S&P 500 on a monthly basis -- each single vertical bar represents an entire month 's range .
Pieces of my aforementioned favorite model are overlaid , creating a zone between the green and red lines ( known to practitioners as the " cloud " ) along with a component that takes current price and lags it 25 bars ( royal blue line ) in time .
Here 's what 's immensely important to note from this chart :
The selloff that bottomed in October 2002 , although it broke the cloud zone , had the lagging line hold the bottom of the cloud zone .
It thus held , though barely , its long - term bull structure .
However , this has
not
happened in the current selloff ; a close this month on Friday beneath SPX 1023 has that lagging line clearly beneath its cloud .
Monthly S&P 500 Cash Index Click here for larger image .
Source : CQG
The proper conclusion , therefore -- and I do n't like being the bearer of bad news , but I 'd rather tell you how I see it than leave you thinking that all will be OK in the market -- is that barring a rather significant rally that brings the SPX back above 1023 by this Friday 's close , it is now fair to say that the long - term bull structure of the market has been broken for the first time in 25 years .
Therefore , sadly , I believe that one needs to become a seller on subsequent rallies for years to come .
So , you might ask , when this benchmark index rallies over the next six months , where might those levels be to get out of those longs you wished you had sold months ago ?
I believe you need to look at this same model on a weekly basis , taking one step forward in time .
It shows the current weekly cloud with a range of 1366 to 1416 .
Weekly S&P 500 Cash Index Click here for larger image .
Source : CQG
I do n't believe that will help us much this week , given a close Friday of 877 .
But as time goes on , heading out as much as six months , we can see that by late April 2009 , the cloud 's value drops to about 1100 to 1200 .
Should time and price line up , the index will likely have trouble hurdling that zone , and thus investors should consider unloading a decent amount of equity .
Lastly , using the same model on a mega - long - term quarterly chart basis , a close on Dec. 31 of this year under SPX 923 suggest that the best - case scenario for all of 2009 is a move back up to 1116 ( on a closing quarterly basis ) and even a tad
lower
for all of 2010 .
Rick Bensignor is president and chief strategist at Bensignor Strategies , a technical trading advisory firm that provides macro and micro technical and behavioral perspective across all asset classes , including on - the - fly analysis in real time .
He was previously chief market strategist at Morgan Stanley Principal Strategies , responsible for providing the firm 's proprietary traders with strategic investment and tactical trading ideas .
A unique set of fossils indicates that 525 million years ago marine animals congregated in Earth ’s ancient oceans , most likely for migration , according to an international team of scientists .
Fossil evidence of collective behaviour is extremely rare .
But what makes the find even more intriguing is that it indicates that such behaviour was occurring at the beginning of the ‘ Cambrian explosion ’ – a major event that saw a vast profusion of complex organisms enter the fossil record for the first time .
The fossils , found in Yunnan province in south west China , were analysed by scientists from Oxford University , the University of Leicester and Yunnan University , China .
The find is reported in an article in the journal Science .
‘ What we see in these fossils are shrimp - like animals with a carapace and segmented body , which are similar to arthropods that we know existed in the Cambrian seas , ’ said Professor Derek Siveter of the Oxford University Museum of Natural History and Oxford ’s Department of Earth Sciences , co-author of the article .
‘ What ’s unique about the Yunnan fossil material is that it shows individual specimens closely interlocked to form a chain , of which there are several examples . ’
These chains may have formed for reproductive purposes , or they may represent a stage in the animal ’s life cycle – if so there are no comparable occurrences in modern arthropods .
The team believes the congregation is more likely to be evidence of migratory activity , possibly associated with animals congregating as a defence against predators .
‘ The simplest explanation is that what we ’re seeing is reflecting some sort of migration , ’ said Professor Derek Siveter .
‘ The spiny lobster is one example of this sort of migratory behaviour amongst modern arthropods .
These lobsters join together in a kind of ‘ train ’ with the antennae of one animal sometimes touching the tail of the animal in front .
However , the animals represented by the Chinese fossils are much more closely interlocked – they formed ‘ chains ’ rather than ‘ trains ’ ’ .
The fossil was preserved in the Chengjian Lagerstatte , a fossil - rich exceptional preservation deposit discovered in 1984 that has been dated to the Lower Cambrian period , 525 million years ago , making it around 10 million years older than Canada ’s famous Burgess Shale .
‘ This amazingly rich period in the history of life saw the appearance of more or less all the major groups of animals that provide the biodiversity we see around us today , ’ commented Professor Derek Siveter .
‘ This find demonstrates that the creatures in our seas 525 million years ago were far from primitive , in fact they were complex organisms exhibiting some very sophisticated behaviour . ’
Ultimate Security Proxy With Tor
Nowadays , within the growing web 2.0 environment you may want to have some anonymity , and use other IP addresses than your own IP .
Or , for some special purposes - a few IPs or more , frequently changed .
So no one will be able to track you .
A solution exists , and it is called Tor Project , or simply tor .
There are a lot of articles and howtos giving you the idea of how it works , I 'm not going to describe here onion routing and its principles , I 'll rather tell you how practically pull out the maximum out of it .
So , let 's start .
Major disadvantages of tor , with all its benefits like security ( however , tor manufacturers advice not to rely on its strong anonymity , because there are some cases , when it is possible to track young h4x0 r ... ) are :
1. Long enough session ( 60 seconds for one connection per one exit node , that means , that you will have one external IP for a minute )
2 . Slow perfomance ( request takes up to 20 seconds to complete , what makes surfing sites with lot of elements a disaster )
3 . All the requests come through one node , and possibly route how your requests arrive can be calculated .
In order to fight these three we are going to use :
1. 8 tor processes , each using separate spool directory
2. 8 privoxy processes , each configured to talk to separate tor .
3 . First squid , with malware domains blacklist , will have 8 round robin cache peers configured .
( squid-in )
4. Havp , with squid - in as parent .
( Anti-virus proxy , using clamav :) )
5 . Second squid , that will use havp as parent ( squid - out ) .
Users will connect to this one .
Schema :
Okay , so you got it , how all it looks like .
Now let 's do all the required configuration .
For squid - in about 2 Gb of disc cache will be enough .
For squid - out it is better to have about 12 - 15 Gb of disc cache to store clean elements .
So you 'll need at least 20 Gb HDD .
Now about RAM .
Each tor process consumes ~ 6 Mb of Ram. 6x8 = 48 ~ 64 Mb of RAM for Tor processes .
Privoxy eats about 2 Mb each .
2x8 = 16 ~ 32 Mb of RAM .
So , 128 Mb of RAM will be enough for Tor and Privoxy processes .
Squid - in will have memory footprint approx 128 Mb . We assume it eats 256 Mb .
Same for Squid - out .
We got 768 Mb of RAM total required .
If it is gonna be a real system - we assume 1 Gb hardware RAM
installed .
CPU .
As you know , anti-virus scanning is very CPU demanding .
I 've used a 2.0 GHz P4 .
I 've tested this system under concurrent load under 10 users , and it did now show it was exhausted .
Finally , we have :
CPU : 2.0 GHz
RAM : 1.0 Gb
HDD : 20 Gb
Used software :
Privoxy
privoxy -- version
Privoxy version 3.0.8 ( http://www.privoxy.org/)
AdvertisementAdvertisement
Tor
tor -- version
Oct 11 19:49:27.394 [ notice ]
Tor v0.1.2.19 .
This is experimental software .
Do not rely on it for strong anonymity .
Tor version 0.1.2.19 .
Squid
squid -v
Squid Cache : Version 2.7.STABLE3
configure options : '-- prefix=/usr ' '-- host=x86_64-pc-linux - gnu ' '-- mandir=/usr/share/man '
'-- infodir=/usr/share/info ' '-- datadir=/usr/share ' '-- sysconfdir=/etc ' '-- localstatedir=/var/lib '
'-- sysconfdir=/etc/squid ' '-- libexecdir=/usr/libexec/squid ' '-- localstatedir= / var '
'-- datadir=/usr/share /squid ' '-- enable-auth=basic , digest , ntlm ' '-- enable-removal -policies=lru , heap '
'-- enable-digest-auth-helpers=password '
'--enable-basic-auth-helpers=SASL , PAM,SMB , multi-domain - NTLM , getpwnam , NCSA , MSNT '
'--enable-external-acl-helpers=wbinfo_group , ip_user,session,unix_group '
'-- enable-ntlm-auth-helpers=SMB , fakeauth ' '-- enable-ident-lookups ' '-- enable-useragent-log '
'-- enable- cache - digests ' '-- enable - delay - pools ' '-- enable-referer-log ' '-- enable- arp - acl ' '-- with - pthreads '
'-- with- large - files ' '-- enable - htcp ' '-- enable - carp ' '-- enable-follow-x-forwarded - for ' '-- with-maxfd=8192 '
'-- enable - snmp ' '-- enable-ssl ' '-- enable- storeio=ufs , diskd , coss , aufs, null ' '-- enable-async-io '
'-- enable-linux- netfilter ' '-- libdir=/usr/lib64 ' '-- build=x86_64-pc-linux -gnu '
' build_alias=x86_64-pc-linux -gnu ' ' host_alias=x86_64-pc-linux - gnu ' ' CC=x86_64-pc-linux-gnu-gcc '
' CFLAGS=- march=k8 - O2 - pipe - fomit- frame - pointer ' ' LDFLAGS= - Wl , - O1 '
Tor Configuration
/etc/tor/torrc
SocksPort 9050 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor
/etc/tor/torrc2
SocksPort 9150 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor2 ControlPort 9151
/etc/tor/torrc3
SocksPort 9250 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor3 ControlPort 9251
/etc/tor/torrc4
SocksPort 9350 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor4 ControlPort 9351
/etc/tor/torrc5
SocksPort 9450 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor5 ControlPort 9451
/etc/tor/torrc6
SocksPort 9550 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor6 ControlPort 9551
/etc/tor/torrc7
SocksPort 9650 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor7 ControlPort 9651
/etc/tor/torrc8
SocksPort 9750 # what port to open for local application connections SocksBindAddress 127.0.0.1 # accept connections only from localhost AllowUnverifiedNodes middle , rendezvous Log notice syslog RunAsDaemon 1 User tor Group tor DataDirectory / var / lib / tor8 ControlPort 9751
Configuration files for privoxy
/etc/privoxy / config
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc / privoxy logdir /var/ log / privoxy actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8118 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9050 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept - intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy/config2
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/ privoxy2 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8129 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9150 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy /config3
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/privoxy3 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8230 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9250 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy/config4
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/privoxy4 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8321 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9350 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy/config5
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/privoxy5 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8421 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9450 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy/config6
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/privoxy6 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8522 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9550 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy/config7
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/ privoxy7 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8623 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9650 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
/etc/privoxy/config8
trust - info- url http://www.example.com/why_we_block.html trust - info-url http://www.example.com/what_we_allow.html confdir /etc/ privoxy logdir /var/log/ privoxy8 actionsfile standard.action # Internal purpose , recommended actionsfile default.action #
Main actions file actionsfile user.action #
User customizations filterfile default .
filter logfile logfile listen - address 127.0.0.1:8724 toggle 1 enable - remote - toggle 0 enable - remote - http- toggle 0 enable -edit-actions 0 enforce - blocks 0 buffer - limit 4096 forward - socks4a / 127.0.0.1:9750 .
forwarded - connect - retries 0 accept- intercepted - requests 0 allow - cgi-request - crunching 0 split- large - forms 0
Advertisement
Startup scripts
Privoxy : /etc/rc.d/ privoxy
( Arch linux )
#!/bin/bash # source application - specific settings [ -f /etc/conf.d/ privoxy ] && .
/etc/conf.d/ privoxy .
/etc/rc.conf .
/etc/rc.d/functions # PID=`pidof -o % PPID /usr / sbin/ privoxy` start ( ) { stat_busy " Starting Privoxy , squid , havp " chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP / var / log / privoxy / $i chmod 660 / var / log / privoxy / $i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy 2 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy 2 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log / privoxy 2 / $ i chmod 660 /var/log/ privoxy2 /$i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy3 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy 3 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log/ privoxy3 /$ i chmod 660 /var/log/privoxy3/$i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy4 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy 4 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log/ privoxy4 /$ i chmod 660 /var/log/ privoxy4 /$i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy5 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy5 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log/ privoxy5 /$ i chmod 660 /var/log/privoxy5 /$i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy6 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy6 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log/ privoxy6 / $ i chmod 660 /var/log/privoxy6 /$i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy7 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy 7 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log/ privoxy7 /$ i chmod 660 /var/log/ privoxy7 /$i done chown privoxy : privoxy / var / log / privoxy8 # create missing logfiles for i in logfile jarfile ; do touch / var / log / privoxy8 / $ i chgrp $ PRIVOXY_GROUP /var/log/ privoxy8 /$ i chmod 660 /var/log/ privoxy8 /$i done # [ -z " $ PID " ] && /usr / sbin/ privoxy $ PRIVOXY_ARGS 2>/dev/null /usr/sbin/ privoxy $ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy.pid /etc/privoxy /config /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy2.pid /etc/privoxy/config2 /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy3.pid /etc/privoxy/config3 /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy4.pid /etc/privoxy/config4 /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy5.pid /etc/privoxy/config5 /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy6.pid /etc/privoxy/config6 /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy7.pid /etc/privoxy/config7 /usr/sbin/privoxy
$ PRIVOXY_ARGS -- pidfile /var/run/privoxy8.pid /etc/privoxy/config8 havp -c /etc/havp/havp.config squid -f /etc/squid/squid-in.conf -DYC squid -f /etc/squid/squid-out.conf - DYC if [ $ ? - gt 0 ] ; then stat_fail else add_daemon privoxy stat_done fi } stop ( ) { stat_busy " Stopping Privoxy , Squid , Havp " #[ ! -z " $ PID " ] && kill $ PID &> / dev / null killall privoxy killall squid killall havp if [ $ ? - gt 0 ] ; then stat_fail else rm_daemon privoxy stat_done fi } case " $ 1 " in start ) start ;; stop ) stop ;; restart ) $ 0 stop sleep 1 $ 0 start ;; *) echo " usage : $ 0 { start|stop|restart} " esac exit 0
Tor startup script : /etc/rc.d/tor
( Arch linux )
#!/bin/bash .
/etc/rc.conf .
/etc/rc.d/functions #PID=`pidof -o %PPID /usr / bin / tor` tor= ' / usr / bin /tor ' case " $ 1 " in start ) stat_busy " Starting Tor Daemon " # [ -z " $ PID " ] && /usr / bin/ tor &>/dev/null $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/ torrc $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc2 $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc3 $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc4 $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc5 $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc6 $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc7 $ {tor} -f /etc/tor/torrc8 if [ $ ? - gt 0 ] ; then stat_fail else add_daemon tor stat_done fi ; ; stop ) stat_busy " Stopping Tor Daemon " #[ ! -z " $ PID " ] && kill $ PID &> / dev / null killall tor if [ $ ? - gt 0 ] ; then stat_fail else rm_daemon tor stat_done fi ; ; restart ) $ 0 stop sleep 3 $ 0 start ;; *) echo " usage : $ 0 { start|stop|restart} " esac exit 0 # vim : ft=sh ts =2 sw=2
Squid - in config
/etc/squid/squid-in.conf
acl all src all acl manager proto cache_object acl localhost src 127.0.0.1/32 acl to_localhost dst 127.0.0.0/8 acl SSL_ports port 443 acl Safe_ports port 80 # http acl Safe_ports port 21 # ftp acl Safe_ports port 443 # https acl Safe_ports port 70 # gopher acl Safe_ports port 210 # wais acl Safe_ports port 1025 - 65535 # unregistered ports acl Safe_ports port 280 # http- mgmt acl Safe_ports port 488 # gss - http acl Safe_ports port 591 # filemaker acl Safe_ports port 777 # multiling http acl Safe_ports port 901 # SWAT acl purge method PURGE acl CONNECT method CONNECT http_access allow manager localhost http_access deny manager http_access allow purge localhost http_access deny purge http_access deny !
Safe_ports http_access deny CONNECT !SSL_ports acl malware_domains url_regex ' /etc/squid/Malware-domains.txt ' http_access deny malware_domains http_access allow localhost http_access deny all icp_access deny all http_port 3400 icp_port 0 hierarchy_stoplist cgi-bin ?
refresh_pattern ^ftp : 1440 20 % 10080 refresh_pattern ^gopher : 1440 0 % 1440 refresh_pattern - i ( /cgi-bin/|\? ) 0 0 % 0 refresh_pattern .
0 20 % 4320 cache_peer localhost parent 8118 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost2 parent 8129 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost3 parent 8230 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost4 parent 8321 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost5 parent 8421 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost6 parent 8522 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost7 parent 8623 0 round - robin no-query cache_peer localhost8 parent 8724 0 round - robin no-query never_direct allow all always_direct deny all acl apache rep_header Server ^ Apache broken_vary_encoding allow apache forwarded_for off coredump_dir / var / cache / squid - in cache_dir ufs /var / cache / squid - in 100 16 256 pid_filename /var/run/squid-in.pid access_log /var/log/squid/access.squid-in.log cache_store_log /var/log/squid/store.squid-in.log cache_log /var/log/squid/cache.squid-in.log
Squid - out config
/etc/squid/squid-out.conf
acl all src all acl manager proto cache_object acl localhost src 127.0.0.1/32 acl to_localhost dst 127.0.0.0/8 acl localnet src 10.0.0.0/8 # RFC1918 possible internal network acl localnet src 172.16.0.0/12 # RFC1918 possible internal network acl localnet src 192.168.0.0/16 # RFC1918 possible internal network acl SSL_ports port 443 acl Safe_ports port 80 # http acl Safe_ports port 21 # ftp acl Safe_ports port 443 # https acl Safe_ports port 70 # gopher acl Safe_ports port 210 # wais acl Safe_ports port 1025 - 65535 # unregistered ports acl Safe_ports port 280 # http- mgmt acl Safe_ports port 488 # gss - http acl Safe_ports port 591 # filemaker acl Safe_ports port 777 # multiling http acl Safe_ports port 901 # SWAT acl purge method PURGE acl CONNECT method CONNECT http_access allow manager localhost http_access deny manager http_access allow purge localhost http_access deny purge http_access deny !
Safe_ports http_access deny CONNECT !SSL_ports http_access allow localnet http_access allow localhost http_access deny all icp_access deny all http_port 3128 icp_port 0 hierarchy_stoplist cgi-bin ?
refresh_pattern ^ftp : 1440 20 % 10080 refresh_pattern ^gopher : 1440 0 % 1440 refresh_pattern - i ( /cgi-bin/|\? ) 0 0 % 0 refresh_pattern .
0 20 % 4320 cache_peer localhost parent 3410 0 round - robin no-query never_direct allow all always_direct deny all acl apache rep_header Server ^Apache broken_vary_encoding allow apache forwarded_for off coredump_dir / var / cache / squid - out cache_dir ufs /var / cache / squid - out 100 16 256 pid_filename /var/run/squid-out.pid access_log /var/log/squid/access.squid-out.log cache_store_log /var/log/squid/store.squid-out.log cache_log /var/log/squid/cache.squid-out.log
Havp antivirus proxy config
/etc/havp/havp.config
USER havp GROUP havp DAEMON true PIDFILE /tmp/havp.pid SERVERNUMBER 4 MAXSERVERS 256 SCANTEMPFILE
/tmp/havp-XXXXXX
TEMPDIR /tmp DBRELOAD 60 PARENTPROXY localhost PARENTPORT 3400 FORWARDED_IP false X_FORWARDED_FOR false PORT 3410 BIND_ADDRESS
127.0.0.1 ENABLECLAMLIB
true ENABLECLAMD false ENABLEFPROT false ENABLEAVG false ENABLEAVESERVER false ENABLESOPHIE false ENABLETROPHIE false ENABLENOD32 false ENABLEAVAST false ENABLEARCAVIR false ENABLEDRWEB false
#!/usr/bin/python
# -*- coding : utf-8 -*- # Author : Bohdan Turkynewych , AKA Gh0st , 2006 - 2008 , tb0hdan[ at] gmail [ dot ] com # Distributed under the terms of GPLv2 # Parts of code from neutron jabber bot project , http://code.google.com/p/neutron/ from urllib2 import Request as urllib2_Request , urlopen as urllib2_urlopen from sys import exit as sys_exit from re import search as re_search from time import ctime as time_ctime , time as time_time from re import compile as re_compile def t_conv( timestamp ) : reply = '' seconds = timestamp % 60 minutes = ( timestamp / 60 ) % 60 hours = ( timestamp / 3600 ) % 60 days = timestamp / 216000 if days : reply += str( days ) + ' day (s ) ' if hours : reply += str( hours ) + ' hour(s ) ' if minutes : reply += str( minutes ) + ' minute (s ) ' reply += str( seconds ) + ' second (s ) ' return reply def uptime ( ) : global BOOTUP_TIMESTAMP if BOOTUP_TIMESTAMP : idletime = int( time_time ( ) - BOOTUP_TIMESTAMP ) reply = t_conv( idletime ) else : reply = ' Unknown ' return reply strip_tags = re_compile ( r ' < [ ^ ] +>') def decode ( text ) : data = text .replace ( ' < br > ' , '
' ) .replace ( ' ' , ' ') .replace ( '<' , '< ') .replace ('>' , '>') . replace ( ' " ' , ' " ' ) . replace ( ' < br > ' , '
' ) .replace ( ' < li > ' , '\r
') return strip_tags.sub ('' , data ) def get_data ( message ) : reply= [ ] try : for line in message.
split ( '
' ) : if re_search ( ' wbr ' , line ) : # od = re_search ( '' , line ) d0 main = line [ od.end ( ) : ] d0 main = d0 main [ : re_search ( '' , d0 main ) .start ( ) ] . strip ( ) # if d0 main == '- ' : od = re_search ( '-' , line ) bookurl = line [ od. end ( ) : ] bookurl = bookurl [ : re_search ( '' , bookurl ) . start ( ) ] . strip ( ) bookurl = decode ( bookurl ) else : bookurl = decode ( d0 main ) d0 main = '' stripper = '[ / | :]' if re_search ( stripper , bookurl ) : # d0 main = bookurl od = re_search ( stripper , bookurl ) d0 main = bookurl [ od.end ( ) : ] d0 main = bookurl [ :re_search ( stripper , bookurl ) .start ( ) ] . strip ( ) else : d0 main = bookurl if not d0 main in reply : reply .append ( d0 main ) return reply except : raise def update_list ( filename ) : req2 = urllib2_Request ( ' http://www.malwaredomainlist.com/mdl.php?sort=Domain&ascordesc=DESC&search=&colsearch=All&quantity=All') req2.add_header = ( ' User-agent ' , ' Mozilla / 5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.8.1.9 ) Gecko/20071030 SeaMonkey / 1.1.6 ') print '[ + ]
Update process started at ' + time_ctime ( ) try : r = urllib2_urlopen ( req2 ) target = r.read ( ) urls = get_data( target ) except : raise print '[ -]
Error occured while fetching / parsing data . ' sys_exit ( 1 ) print '[ + ]
Got ' + str( len ( urls ) ) + ' domains / ips. ' try : file = open ( filename , 'w ' ) for line in urls : file .
write ( line + '
' ) file.close ( ) except : print '[ -]
Error occured while flushing data to file ' sys_exit ( 5 ) elapsed = uptime ( ) print '[ + ]
Update process finished at ' + time_ctime ( ) + '.
Took ' + elapsed BOOTUP_TIMESTAMP = time_time ( ) update_list ( '/etc/squid/Malware-domains.txt ')
Have fun !
P.S. Future optimisation requires 8 havp instances as well due to slowup .
P.S.S
You may exclude havp and squid - out proxy from your system , and use only squid - in .
That will be much , much faster .
Here is a list with the most used torrent clients for Linux .
While a few other exists and are listed elsewhere , I think the software presented here represents the big players , and a wide range of interfaces and features .
I ’m just sharing , I do n’t profess to be an expert .
Anyway , I hope this list will be of help to you in choosing a better torrent client .
Azureus ( now Vuze )
The most future rich torrent client for Linux , but being based on Java , is also a memory and performance hogger .
“ Azureus implements the BitTorrent protocol using java language and comes bundled with many invaluable features for both beginners and advanced users ” read more … ( dead link )
Yes , the photo above is real :
It is Animal - from The Muppets - driving a British Audi while speeding through a German road .
The famous pink drummer is driving the police there absolutely crazy , because he keeps doing it again and again .
Or better said , the real driver is , using a low - tech approach to take advantage of a weak point of the radar cameras .
I do n't know about you , but this image makes me laugh out loud .
The German police , however , was n't amused when they explained to the press how the whole joke worked and how they could n't fine the driver because of it :
The number plate is not enough [ to catch and fine the driver ] .
We need clear evidence of who is driving the vehicle too .
But because this is a British vehicle we can never get a decent picture [ because he radar cameras are designed to take photos of the passengers in the left seat , not the right ] .
The driver has obviously worked this out because he has placed a large puppet in the passenger seat .
This may be an example of the famous British sense of humour but it is still dangerous driving .
The driver has been caught on camera on several occasions and the puppet is on the passenger seat every time .
We suspect he positions the toy deliberately before accelerating past the camera .
Advertisement
I do n't know why are they making a big deal of this , quite honestly .
At least Animal is not actually driving .
[ Nothing do to with Arbroath via Boing Boing ]
Ahmed Maher is using Facebook to try to topple the government of Egypt . *
Photo : Joerg Klaus * July 23 , 2008 .
Under the scorching sun on a beach in Alexandria , Egypt , a few dozen political activists snap digital pictures and chatter nervously .
Many of them wear matchingwhite T - shirts emblazoned with the image of a fist raised in solidarity and the words " April 6 Youth " splashed across the back .
A few of them get to work constructing a giant kite out of bamboo poles and a sheet of plastic painted to look like the Egyptian flag .
Most are in their twenties , some younger ; one teenage girl wears a teddy bear backpack .
Before the group can get the kite aloft , and well before they have a chance to distribute their pro-democracy leaflets , state security agents swarm across the sand .
The cops shout threats to break up what is , by Western standards , a tiny demonstration .
The activists disperse from the beach , feeling hot and frustrated ; they did n't even get a chance to fly their kite .
Joining up with other friends , they walk together toward the neighborhood of Loran , singing patriotic songs .
Then , as they turn down another street , a group of security agents jump out of nowhere .
It 's a coordinated assault that explodes into a frenzy of punches and shoves .
There are screams and grunts as about a dozen kids fall or are knocked to the ground .
The other 30 or so scatter , sprinting for blocks in all directions before slowing enough to send each other hurried text messages :
Where are you ?
What happened ?
Those who did n't get away are hustled into a van and two cars .
The security men are shouting at them : " Where is Ahmed Maher ? "
Three hours before the scuffle and arrests , Ahmed Maher walks briskly toward a dilapidated office building on Alexandria 's Abu - Qir Street .
Messenger bag draped over a shoulder of his white short - sleeved , collared shirt , he tosses a cigarette into the street before climbing the marble steps .
He speaks softly to fellow activists standing outside an office doorway , but his arrival has an electrifying effect :
He 's here .
Back in March , Maher and a friend launched a Facebook group to promote a protest planned for April 6 .
It became an Internet phenomenon , quickly attracting more than 70,000 members .
The April 6 youth movement — amorphous , lacking a clear mission , and yet a bull 's - eye to the zeitgeist — blossomed within days into something influential enough to arouse the ire of Egypt 's internal security forces .
Maher is part of a new generation in the Middle East that , through blogs , YouTube , Flickr , Twitter , and now Facebook , is using virtual reality to combat corrupt and oppressive governments .
Their nascent , tech - fired rebellion has triggered a government backlash and captured the world 's attention .
Two ceiling fans do little to relieve the stifling summer heat .
Forty people are squeezed into the offices of the El - Ghad Party , one of Egypt 's more established opposition groups .
Three years ago , El - Ghad 's leader , Ayman Nour , won 7 percent of the vote in the presidential election .
Soon after , he was slapped with forgery charges that are widely viewed as trumped up .
Today , despite deteriorating health and a plea for his release from President Bush , Nour remains imprisoned .
But this afternoon , the El - Ghad office is on loan to another upstart political group , the April 6 youth movement .
Many of the attendees are connecting for the first time — in the real world , that is .
Most know each other only through Facebook , and they 're finally matching names and aliases to actual faces .
Taped to the wall at the front of the room is a yellow piece of construction paper .
The makeshift sign , written in Arabic lettering , reads : welcome to the first dialog meeting of the april 6 youth movement .
Young women , some with head scarves and some without , sit in green plastic chairs , while guys in their twenties stand in silence .
Outside , two uniformed cops and a plainclothes officer lean against a shiny sedan with their arms folded , waiting .
Another agent is planted in the corner store across the street , eyes fixed on the meeting - place windows .
In Egypt today , a gathering of five people or more without a permit is illegal and can result in arrests , beatings , or both .
Egypt 's president , Hosni Mubarak , has been in power for nearly three decades and has governed under emergency rule since 1981 .
The regime is occasionally rebuked by the US and Europe for its abysmal human - rights record .
But because Mubarak is considered a valuable US ally on matters concerning Israel and terrorism , Egypt receives nearly $ 2 billion in US aid every year , second only to Israel .
Photograph : Joerg Klaus Maher , 27 , is a civil engineer who works for a construction firm , hammering away on software programs like AutoCAD and Primavera .
A steady job , however , does n't exactly mesh with full - time political activism .
He has failed to show up for work on a number of occasions , and some days he is nearly asleep on his feet after yet another all - nighter at a cybercafe .
" Some guys at work saw me in the newspaper , and they were supportive , " he says .
" Others were not — one guy moved his desk far from mine . "
Maher does n't seem to mind offending his coworkers , but he does worry about being fired .
How would he support his wife and newborn baby ?
During the meeting , Maher holds a mobile phone in one hand , constantly reading messages or texting .
With his closely cropped hair and trim goatee , he resembles a compact Vin Diesel .
When it's his turn to speak , the others listen intently as he lays out the day 's plan .
The spot they have picked for their protest this afternoon is already crawling with agents , he tells them , suggesting that the plan is no secret to state security .
" We have people out there now , trying to find a new place , " he says .
A few hours later , a taxi carrying Maher and his friends is zooming north along the coast , heading toward the rally location .
The car stops suddenly at a beach called Sidi Bishr .
The activists are hoping to draw attention to their cause among poor and working class Egyptians enjoying a summer afternoon lounging beneath rented umbrellas while children splash in the Mediterranean .
The plan is to sing songs and fly a kite , with the simple goal of meeting and speaking freely with people .
" We do n't want conflict , " one activist tells me .
" We want peace and freedom . "
Facebook is the third - most visited Web site in Egypt , after Google and Yahoo .
Wael Nawara , cofounder of the El - Ghad Party , has closely observed the site 's rapid ascent .
( When I caught up with Nawara at his home in Heliopolis , his laptop had six browser tabs open , all of them Facebook pages . )
" The big bang was really this past January , with the Africa Cup , " he says .
Egypt 's national soccer team had reached the final of the continental championships , and a Facebook group launched by fans suddenly swelled to 45,000 members .
During the soccer frenzy , Nawara noticed that the number of Facebookers in Egypt jumped dramatically .
Today , close to 1 million Egyptians are on the site , about 11 percent of the total online population .
Maher created the April 6 youth movement with a woman named Israa Abdel - Fattah .
They had become friendly two years earlier as volunteers for the El - Ghad Party .
Maher had already been politically active ; he was arrested in 2006 during a sit - in alongside judges protesting state interference with the judiciary .
Abdel - Fattah , 27 , had never taken part in a demonstration .
She worked in the human resources department of a Cairo company and had only recently begun volunteering at El - Ghad .
They were both Facebook users , of course , busy posting in various political forums .
But to Maher Facebook was an echo chamber , not a movement .
In March , he learned that workers in the industrial city of El - Mahalla el - Kobra were planning a strike on April 6 to protest paltry wages and soaring food prices .
Maher and Abdel - Fattah were sympathetic to the cause and wondered whether Facebook might be a way to spread the word about the strike , arrange more demonstrations in Cairo , and enlist support for a nationwide shopping boycott .
The duo launched the April 6 group on March 23 .
They used their real names for their Facebook profiles , and they were both listed as administrators for the group .
That night , they sent out 300 invitations urging people to join .
By the next morning , 3,000 people had signed up .
Invitees were n't just joining — they were recruiting everyone they knew .
It was the kind of viral growth Silicon Valley executives fantasize about , and the chain reaction was just beginning .
Maher was as stunned as he was delighted .
This could be something , he thought .
He set about encouraging new members to launch whole new subgroups , while also contacting bloggers and other politically oriented online forums — 800 people here , 2,600 people there — asking them to support the workers by joining the April 6 group .
On more than one occasion , Maher 's Facebook account was disabled — not by Egyptian officials but by the site itself .
To combat spammers , Facebook automatically shuts down accounts that have large volumes of outgoing messages .
But in this case , the messaging deluge was just Maher corresponding like crazy .
By the end of March , the group was pushing 40,000 members .
Participants began changing their profile pictures to the April 6 logo , which meant the logo kept popping up in the News Feed of anyone on Facebook who was connected to someone in the April 6 group .
Adding to this barrage , the activists kept loading a link to the group into their Status Update fields , further flooding Egypt 's Facebook universe with connections to the group and its message .
To get their ideas to people who were n't online , the activists scribbled details about the strike on currency notes and bought TV ads in the form of notices running along the bottom of the screen like a news ticker — a common method in the Arab world for making short community announcements .
Israa Abdel - Fattah cofounded the April 6 Facebook group .
After her arrest , she renounced it .
Photograph : AFP / Getty Images
The group 's message was inclusive and earnest , factors that proved essential for amplifying interest and participation in the boycott and scattered demonstrations .
Like minority opposition groups everywhere , Egypt 's are rife with infighting .
The April 6 group , in contrast , benefited from a constituency of young people — many of whom had little or no political experience — and a broad message of solidarity for workers and the poor that made it easy for people to say , " Yeah , I 'm into that . "
Click .
Yet the ease of participation cuts both ways .
At first glance , this form of online activism might seem ineffectual , even frivolous — a brand of sacrifice - free protest sometimes derided as " slactivism . "
After all , the Facebook group Bring Back Arrested Development has , at last count , 15,889 members , the group FREE TIBET ! has 120,126 , and Maher 's group has 70,000 .
Big deal .
But in places like Egypt , these virtual gatherings are a big deal .
Although freedom of speech and freedom of religion may be democracy 's headliners , it 's the less sexy - sounding freedom of assembly that , when prohibited , can effectively asphyxiate political organization .
Uniting 70,000 people is no easy feat in a country where collective action is so risky .
Social networking has changed that .
In turn , it is changing the dynamics of political dissent .
On the night of April 5 , the streets of Cairo were full of police .
Maher got a call from Abdel - Fattah .
" She said she was scared , " Maher says .
" I told her not to be .
' You 're a woman .
I 'm a man .
I 'm the one who would get arrested . ' "
As dawn broke on April 6 , residents of El - Mahalla el - Kobra — a city of some 400,000 about 75 miles north of Cairo — finished their morning prayers .
Maher , Abdel - Fattah , and other Facebookers fired off last - minute emails and texts about their demonstration plans , still unsure as to whether anyone outside their network had heard or cared about the call to support the workers and boycott stores .
In El - Mahalla el - Kobra , where the strike was slated to occur , thousands of workers took to the streets .
The scene turned ugly , with widespread rioting , scores of arrests , and at least three deaths .
At one point , a group of agitators managed to trash a billboard displaying a picture of Mubarak .
Censors suppressed video and photographic records of the incident in the mainstream media .
But bloggers and members of the Facebook group quickly posted the images .
State security was aware of online dissidents but was completely caught off guard by the popularity of the Facebook group .
In recent years , agents had concentrated intimidation efforts on individuals , especially bloggers with a significant readership .
In 2006 , for instance , a blogger named Mohammed el - Sharqawi was detained and sodomized for repeatedly participating in street protests .
Another blogger , Abdel - Kareem Soliman , is serving a four - year prison term for insulting the president and Islam .
But social networking was something new .
Security officials , perhaps believing that Facebook was no more than a mechanism for kids to vent angst , paid little attention to the crescendo leading up to April 6 , underestimating the network 's ability to galvanize opposition .
The April 6 demonstrations in Cairo were not well attended ; the real fireworks of the day were the riots in El - Mahalla el - Kobra .
And that could have been the end of it — just another isolated , barely reported episode of social unrest in an overlooked corner of the Middle East .
But Egyptian security made a major miscalculation .
That morning , they found Abdel - Fattah sitting with friends at a Cairo cafè9 popular with activists and intellectuals .
As an administrator of the high - profile Facebook group , she was a valuable catch , and her arrest would send an unequivocal message to other aspiring cyberactivists .
Gameela Ismail is a political activist who is married to the jailed president of El - Ghad , one of Egypt 's leading opposition parties .
Photograph : Joerg Klaus Gameela Ismail , the 42 - year - old wife of the imprisoned opposition leader , had worked with Abdel - Fattah at the El - Ghad Party headquarters and had watched the Facebook group take shape .
When she learned that Abdel - Fattah and others had been picked up , she figured the police would follow the usual routine of low - grade intimidation : drive the offenders around for a while and eventually drop them on the outskirts of Cairo .
Ismail decided to go look for Abdel - Fattah .
She drove to Giza Square , Tahrir Square , and Amr Ibn el - Aass mosque .
At each place she found only riot police , security trucks , and clean - shaven men speaking into walkie - talkies .
Then Ismail got a text from Abdel - Fattah herself , saying that she 'd been arrested and that she would likely face prosecution .
Based on the country 's emergency law , Egyptian authorities can hold citizens without any charge under what 's known as a detention decree .
According to Ismail , it was the first such decree levied against a woman in recent memory .
At a hearing the next day , Ismail was able to briefly meet Abdel - Fattah in the ladies ' room at the courthouse .
According to Ismail , the younger woman barely spoke and appeared to be in shock .
Ismail slipped her some anxiety medication , tissues , money , and cigarettes for bartering in jail .
Foreign media and the few Egyptian newspapers that dare to resist state censors latched on to the story of Facebook Girl .
It had an irresistible combination of ingredients : hip technology , government oppressors , an Arab woman speaking out .
Instead of scaring other Facebookers away from activism , the arrest and publicity turned this meek Cairo clerk into a heroine .
Members of the April 6 group began changing their profile picture to show the face of Abdel - Fattah , and ( of course ) launched another Facebook group calling for her release .
Within days , that group had thousands of members .
Abdel - Fattah became the symbol of a movement .
And then she was gone .
After about two weeks in prison , she was released — and immediately made a brief public statement renouncing political activism .
Sources say she was then married off and has since largely disappeared from the political scene .
But what precisely happened to her — and to what degree her repentant statement represents her true beliefs — may never be known .
In the wake of the April 6 crackdowns , Maher watched as thousands of Facebook - using Egyptians left the group , and by extension the upstart movement .
State security operatives had infiltrated the open network , sometimes brazenly so , using the golden eagle that appears on the Egyptian flag for their profile pictures .
At other times , agents assumed aliases of fictional activists , trying to glean personal information about group members .
A few times they even created accounts under the name Ahmed Maher .
" They are easy enough to identify , " Maher says .
" When you look at their friends , it 's practically an empty profile . "
Ahmed Maher is a reluctant leader .
He 's hardly an orator .
He 's not very calculating , tending to trust people and blurt whatever is on his mind .
He can be sloppy with the cloak - and - dagger stuff , like mentioning his location when talking on a mobile phone .
And he does n't bother with disguises .
" He should grow something , " a friend says .
" Shave sometimes .
Change the way he dresses . "
But he has at least two things going for him : sincerity and bravery .
" Maher is an example of a person who can make things happen on the Web , " says Gamal Eid , executive director of the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information .
" He 's a regular guy who became fed up with corruption and gained the courage to act against it . "
Even before the smoke of April 6 cleared , Maher was planning another demonstration — target date May 4 , Mubarak 's 80th birthday .
He and his friends tried to replicate what had happened in April , urging people to stay home from work , hang black flags outside their windows , boycott state - owned newspapers — do something .
But as public protests go , May 4 was a flop .
Egyptians in the capital went on about their lives largely ignoring the call for a strike .
Telcos were ordered to block services for all anonymous subscribers , which meant disabling the phones of most activists .
And just before the planned event , Mubarak announced a salary increase for workers .
( Days later , the government levied yet another price hike , canceling out any gains from the short - lived wage increase , but by then May 4 had passed . )
The authorities had prevailed , and all that was left to do was take down the Facebook network .
Maher knew that security personnel would be looking for him and by May 7 , he had n't been home for days .
In April , he 'd sent his wife and baby to live with his in - laws .
Since then , he had holed up in cybercafes and slept on friends ' couches .
That morning he needed to go back to work .
When he was almost there , he spotted a speeding Peugeot in his rearview mirror .
A moment later , a minibus pulled up in front of him , filled with bald guys wearing sunglasses .
They jumped out and quickly surrounded Maher 's car .
They pulled him out and took turns punching him .
Then they shoved him into the van , blindfolded him , and tied his hands behind his back .
On April 6 , demonstrators marched in Cairo .
Photograph : Getty Images : AP Photo
It was a rough night in custody .
According to Maher , the agents stripped him , beat him , and dragged him on the floor .
" So , you 're the one acting like a leader and saying you do n't care about state security , " he remembers one of them telling him .
Then they threatened him with " electricity " and rape .
They wanted his Facebook password ( but not , strangely , the accompanying email address required to log in ) .
Early that morning , Maher finally gave the authorities a password , and they released him .
This time , the officers said , they were letting him off easy .
In a twisted way , though , even the quashed demonstration of May 4 was a success , maybe more so because of Maher 's arrest .
For one thing , it illustrated how just a little digital organizing can trigger a resource - sucking counteroffensive from state security .
After the non-news of May 4 and the ongoing manhunt for Maher , there has been talk of new censorship legislation .
Rights groups say that the bill , if passed , will give a supreme monitoring authority power to arrest anyone involved in the dissemination of information — like starting a Facebook group .
( Authorities in Syria have taken a far more direct approach by simply blocking access to Facebook . )
Government retaliation against the youth movement has also embarrassed the regime .
Many Egyptian citizens are rooting for the idealistic Facebook kids , and the international media look favorably on their cause , or at least tend to portray the activists as David to the regime 's Goliath : " fledgling rebellion on facebook is struck down by force in egypt " ( The Washington Post ) , " crackdown on facebook activists " ( Los Angeles Times blog ) , " egypt detains facebook activists — again " ( The Christian Science Monitor ) , " egypt faces new media censorship " ( Al Jazeera ) .
Not exactly flattering headlines for one of America 's best friends in the Middle East .
The April 6 demonstration in El - Mahalla El - Kobra turned into a violent clash with police .
Photograph : Joerg Klaus July 24 , 2008
Maher is on the run again in Alexandria , after the failed protest on the beach .
He tries to mix things up , hopping into a store and switching between taxis and the city 's rundown tramway .
Believing he has finally ditched the agents , he texts a couple of activist friends for a meetup at an outdoor juice cart .
Within minutes state security officers descend on the group .
Everyone scatters , and the cops let them flee — except Maher .
They throw him facedown onto the pavement .
They pinned Maher 's arms and started kicking and hitting him .
Maher thinks back to his arrest in May .
Agents let him go after he gave up the password — a fake one .
Payback seems inevitable .
In any case , he has a better plan in place this time :
He has given one of his friends his password , with instructions to change it immediately if Maher is arrested .
That way , even if Maher is broken by torture , he wo n't be able to give the authorities the information they need to take control of the April 6 network .
At a nearby police station , an officer makes a call to Cairo : " We have Ahmed Maher , sir . "
Soon Maher meets with prosecutors who lay out the charges : using Facebook to establish an illegal organization aiming to overthrow the regime and annul the constitution , funding and printing T - shirts that call for disruption of public peace , spreading rumors and tension to incite hatred of the government , gathering illegally , defaming the president and police , and disrupting traffic .
But Maher is n't tortured .
No one can say why his treatment in custody is more lenient this time around .
One possibility is that , lacking specific orders to beat or harm him , his captors in Alexandria just went easy .
There is another hypothesis , though , one that many people familiar with Egyptian politics have suggested : Maher 's star has risen .
His real - world profile is now high enough that torturing him could backfire , inspiring countless networked young people to take action .
The last thing Hosni Mubarak needs is to turn this Facebooking regular guy into a full - fledged hero .
David Wolman ( david@david-wolman.com ) wrote about new perspectives on autism in issue 16.03 .
Criggo is now BADNEWSPAPER .COM !
If you ’re using the antiquated criggo .
wordpress.com link , you probably have noticed that it has n’t been updated in a long while .
That ’s because we ’re up and flying at the BADNEWSPAPER .COM address , and have been for years .
This site has n’t been updated in over SIX YEARS .
So you should go visit
BADNEWSPAPER.COM now !
Thanks for visiting Criggo , have a great day !
Whether or not you count yourself among the literally dozens of fans of BMW flame surfacing , we 're pretty sure everyone can agree leaving an oh - so - speedy , V10 - powered BMW M6 out in the Dubai sun until it gets this crusty is an affront to automobile ownership .
We share the dust taggers sentiments wondering if the owner may be dead , and wishing our significant other was equally dirty .
The situation begs the question :
What pithy , snide , witty , mean , snarky or otherwise clever comment would you feel inclined to inscribe upon the dirtiest BMW M6 we 've ever seen .
[ via MadWhips ]
Advertisement
Treatment that combines a certain type of psychotherapy with an antidepressant medication is most likely to help children with anxiety disorders , but each of the treatments alone is also effective , according to a new study funded by the National Institutes of Health 's National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) .
The study was published online Oct. 30 , in the New England Journal of Medicine .
" Anxiety disorders are among the most common mental disorders affecting children and adolescents .
Untreated anxiety can undermine a child 's success in school , jeopardize his or her relationships with family , and inhibit social functioning , " said NIMH Director Thomas R. Insel , M.D. " This study provides strong evidence and reassurance to parents that a well - designed , two - pronged treatment approach is the gold standard , while a single line of treatment is still effective . "
The Child / Adolescent Anxiety Multimodal Study ( CAMS ) randomly assigned 488 children ages 7 years to 17 years to one of four treatment options for a 12 - week period :
-- Cognitive behavioral therapy ( CBT ) , a specific type of therapy that , for this study , taught children about anxiety and helped them face and master their fears by guiding them through structured tasks ;
--
The antidepressant sertraline ( Zoloft ) , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( SSRI ) ;
-- CBT combined with sertraline ;
-- pill placebo ( sugar pill ) .
The children , recruited from six regionally dispersed sites throughout the United States , all had moderate to severe separation anxiety disorder , generalized anxiety disorder or social phobia .
Many also had coexisting disorders , including other anxiety disorders , attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , and behavior problems .
John Walkup , M.D. , of Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions , and colleagues found that among those in combination treatment , 81 percent improved .
Sixty percent in the CBT - only group improved , and 55 percent in the sertraline - only group improved .
Among those on placebo , 24 percent improved .
A second phase of the study will monitor the children for an additional six months .
" CAMS clearly showed that combination treatment is the most effective for these children .
But sertraline alone or CBT alone showed a good response rate as well .
This suggests that clinicians and families have three good options to consider for young people with anxiety disorders , depending on treatment availability and costs , " said Walkup .
Results also showed that the treatments were safe .
Children taking sertraline alone showed no more side effects than the children taking the placebo and few children discontinued the trial due to side effects .
In addition , no child attempted suicide , a rare side effect sometimes associated with antidepressant medications in children .
CAMS findings echo previous studies in which sertraline and other SSRIs were found to be effective in treating childhood anxiety disorder .
The study 's results also add more evidence that high - quality CBT , with or without medication , can effectively treat anxiety disorders in children , according to the researchers .
" Further analyses of the CAMS data may help us predict who is most likely to respond to which treatment , and develop more personalized treatment approaches for children with anxiety disorders , " concluded Philip C. Kendall , Ph.D. , of Temple University , a senior investigator of the study .
" But in the meantime , we can be assured that we already have good treatments at our disposal . "
Source : NIH / National Institute of Mental Health
Explore further Mental illness treatment varies widely among American adolescents within and across zip codes
In an article titled " The Trophy Kids Go To Work " in The Wall Street Journal , Ron Alsop really sticks it to my generation in what has to be one of the most vicious inter-generational hit - jobs I 've seen in a long time .
We all know the rap about us so - called millennials : we 're spoiled , we have entitlement issues , we think we 're better than everyone else , we have unrealistic expectations about entering the workforce .
Apparently we were coddled too much by our parents and teachers , or at least that 's what the baby boomers keep telling me .
The piece in the Journal was a classic example of all these stereotypes about my generation without much in the way of good evidence .
For example , to prove that we have a greater sense of entitlement than older workers , Alsop cites this rigorous , clearly academic - standard study : " More than 85 % of hiring managers and human - resource executives said they feel that millennials have a stronger sense of entitlement than older workers , according to a survey by CareerBuilder.com , " he tells us .
I can think of a few problems with that question .
First of all , hiring managers and human resource executives are all , wait for it , older workers .
The people surveyed may be in the field of human resources , but they 're also most likely baby boomers or members of generation X .
So in essence , they 're being asked : who has a stronger sense of entitlement , you or them ?
There 's a clear generational bias here .
Alsop , calling our sense of entitlement " an ingrained trait " further claims , " although members of other generations were considered somewhat spoiled in their youth , millennials feel an unusually strong sense of entitlement . "
I 'm calling BS .
If anything , older workers feel a greater sense of entitlement , telling young people like us to patiently pay our dues and wait our turn , and implicitly saying merit does n't matter nearly as much as time served , the number of years you 've worked in a given industry .
The difference is that other older workers think that sense of entitlement is justified .
Markets Nosedive on Grim Economic News
Today 's Market : What The Experts Are Saying
We 're all human beings .
I do n't know anyone , young or old , who does n't have some kind of entitlement issue .
Alsop continues , " some research studies indicate that the millennial generation 's great expectations stem from feelings of superiority . "
Again , everybody , young or old , thinks they 're better than everyone else deep down in the darkest corners of their mind .
You'd be hard pressed to find anyone , of any generation , who does n't feel like they deserve more than they 're getting .
I 'm going to regard every single claim that my generation is more entitled than previous generations as a total canard until I see some good data comparing our attitudes to the attitudes of baby boomers and generation - Xers when they were in their 20s .
I was a social science guy in college , and I give Alsop some credit for citing more than just a handful of interviews to make his case , which is the standard journalistic approach to trend pieces , but there 's nothing in his article that comes close to being dispositive .
Maybe he has the real proof in his book , but somehow I doubt it .
And at the end of the day the millennial generation is better educated , more adept at using technology , and much more media savvy than generation X or the baby boomers .
Maybe we feel superior because we actually are ?
Questions ?
Comments ?
Send them to millennialmoney@cnbc.com
Apple says it has not seen any evidence to back up a French newspaper ’s claim that Mac Pros are emitting toxic odors , including benzene .
The report , first appearing in Libération and picked up by tech blogs in the U.S. , contends Mac Pros built before 2008 emit an odor .
A scientist quoted in the article says the odor contains several toxins , including benzene .
Prolonged exposure to benzene raises the risk for diseases , including cancer .
While not dimssing the reports , Apple noted that it had n’t found any evidence to prove the claim .
“ We have not found anything that supports this claim , but continue to investigate it for the customer , ” Apple spokesman Bill Evans told Macworld .
Apple has taken steps in recent years to remove hazardous materials from its products .
In 2007 , the company began phasing out the use for flourescent lamp in its LCDs to elimante the presence of mercury .
In a 2007 open letter on the company ’s environmental policies , CEO Steve Jobs said that Apple products complied with European Union restrictions on chemicals such as cadmium , hexavalent chromium , and decabromodiphenyl ether .
The owner of a firm that the California Republican Party hired to register tens of thousands of voters this year was arrested in Ontario over the weekend on suspicion of voter registration fraud .
State and local investigators allege that Mark Jacoby fraudulently registered himself to vote at a childhood California address where he no longer lives so he would appear to meet the legal requirement that all signature gatherers be eligible to vote in California .
His firm , Young Political Majors , or YPM , collects petition signatures and registers voters in California and other states .
Jacoby ’s arrest by state investigators and the Ontario Police Department late Saturday came after dozens of voters said they were duped into registering as Republicans by people employed by YPM .
The voters said YPM workers tricked them by saying they were signing a petition to toughen penalties against child molesters .
The firm was paid $ 7 to $ 12 for every Californian it registered as a member of the GOP .
Advertisement
Dan Goldfine , an attorney for Jacoby , on Sunday denied any wrongdoing by his client and called the charges “ baseless . ”
He said the arrest outside an Ontario hotel , which involved seven squad cars and nine police officers , was part of a “ long pattern of harassment against Mr. Jacoby for an entirely valid voter registration effort . ”
Goldfine said the case that prosecutors are bringing against his client involves charges that are rarely pressed .
Jacoby was released on bail Sunday evening from the West Valley Detention Center in Rancho Cucamonga , Goldfine said .
Advertisement
After complaints by voters and Democratic Party officials , several agencies launched investigations into Jacoby ’s activities .
They included the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office , which issued the warrant for his arrest earlier this month on felony charges of voter registration fraud and perjury .
“ We contacted people at the addresses where he registered , and they have no idea who he is , ” said Dave Demerjian , head deputy of the public integrity unit at the L.A. County district attorney ’s office .
Goldfine said his client does business in many states , traveling frequently , and his permanent address has been his parents ’
Los Angeles County home , where he received mail and registered to vote .
Demerjian said his office is continuing to investigate allegations that YPM workers improperly re-registered voters with the GOP .
Advertisement
Several dozen voters recently told The Times that YPM workers said they had to become Republicans to sign the petition , contrary to California initiative law .
Other voters said they had no idea their registration was being changed .
YPM has been accused of using bait - and - switch tactics across the country .
Election officials and lawmakers have launched investigations into the activities of YPM workers in Florida and Massachusetts .
In Arizona , the firm was recently a defendant in a civil rights lawsuit .
In a written statement Sunday , the state Republican Party called the charges against Jacoby “ politically motivated . ”
The party said the charges do not support accusations from voters and Democratic officials that YPM has been duping voters into joining the GOP .
The statement accused Secretary of State Debra Bowen , who announced the arrest , of “ using her office to play politics . ”
Advertisement
Bowen is a Democrat .
--
evan.halper@latimes.com
In one sign of shifting mores , James Knowles , a former Ku Klux Klan member who was convicted in a 1981 lynching , said in a Discovery Channel documentary by Ted Koppel that Mr. Obama was a potentially acceptable candidate .
“ People need to vote for him because of his ideas and the veracity that he displays in what he does , and not because he ’s African - American , ” Mr. Knowles said .
Image Bill
White , the leader of a neo - Nazi group , last month in Roanoke , Va .
He said his group was planning to deliver leaflets condemning Senator Barack Obama , but he was arrested last week .
Credit ... Casey Templeton for The New York Times
There have been only sporadic reports of racist mailings , though Democrats say they are on the lookout for more .
And there has been scant evidence that Mr. Obama ’s candidacy has helped hate - group recruitment , unlike the recent debates over immigration policy , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center .
White supremacist leaders , while threatening some political action before Nov. 4 , similarly attribute their relative lack of activity this year to demographic and societal changes they cannot stop .
But they also point to a Republican candidate , Senator John McCain , whose liberal immigration views and staunch support for Israel are against everything they stand for .
On top of that , the leadership is plagued by scandal and infighting in the absence of a unifying group like the Ku Klux Klan , which is no longer pre-eminent even among open racists , or figures like the former K.K.K. leader David Duke , whose power waned after he was convicted on fraud charges early this decade .
( Mr. Duke has , in fact , written positively about the prospect of Mr. Obama ’s being elected , though arguing it would stir a white backlash and “ result in a dramatic increase in our ranks . ” )
“ There ’s a real problem , ” Mr. White said in the interview last month , “ in what ’s called the ‘ white movement . ’
One , there ’s a lot of people who are just mentally ill , and we deal with those a lot .
No. 2 , there are people who have serious sexual problems . ”
Mr. White , 31 , who says he has a following of at least 1,200 people , considers himself a reformer in the white movement .
A landlord of low - income tenants of all races , he devotes as much of his energy to attacking rival leaders he hopes to purge from the supremacist leadership as he does attacking Jews and blacks .
“ Kids have really turned into the little conscience sitting in the back seat , ” said Julia Bovey , a spokeswoman for the Natural Resources Defense Council , a leading environmental group that recently worked with Nickelodeon on a series of public service announcements and other programming called “ Big Green Help . ”
“ One of the fascinating things about children is that they do n’t separate what you are doing from what you should be doing , ” Ms. Bovey said .
“ Here ’s this information about how we can help the environment , and kids are not able to rationalize it away the way that adults do . ”
In Clinton Hill , Brooklyn , Jan Schmidt , a stay - at - home mother , and Mark Goetz , a professor of furniture design , have watched , amazed , as their 4 - year - old son chastises them for letting the water run while they brush their teeth .
“ He ’ll come over and turn it off and say , ‘ Every day is Earth Day , ’ ” Ms. Schmidt said .
“ He learned it at school . ”
Their older child , 12 - year - old Elly , extols the clothesline in her bedroom the way other girls her age might show off a new beanbag chair .
An aspiring marine biologist , Elly raised $ 250 last year to protect coral reefs by selling handmade earrings at school .
And she was a big factor in the family ’s decision to hang on to their current car instead of buying a bigger one .
“ With Elly , there ’s sort of an unspoken thing about not buying an S.U.V. , ” Ms. Schmidt said .
Elly elaborated : “ I would n’t be happy if they bought an S.U.V. because they ’re not fuel efficient , and they pollute more than other cars . ”
Now some veteran investors , including G. Kenneth Heebner , a mutual fund manager who has one of the best long - term track records on Wall Street , say that the sell - off has gone much too far and stocks are poised to rally powerfully if the downturn is less severe than investors fear .
“ The fact is , there are a lot of tremendous bargains out there , ” said Mr. Heebner , who manages about $ 10 billion in several mutual funds .
Indeed , by many measures stocks are as cheap as they have been in the last 25 years .
He pointed to Chesapeake Energy , a natural gas producer that he owns in his CGM Focus mutual fund .
In July , Chesapeake traded for $ 63 a share .
On Friday , it fell as low as $ 11.99 .
He says that investors with a stomach for risk and a long time horizon should consider following Warren E. Buffett , who in the last three weeks has invested $ 8 billion in Goldman Sachs
and General Electric .
Mr. Heebner expects world economies to contract over the next year .
But he said the market plunge in the last week was no longer being driven by rational analysis .
Stocks are probably falling because of a combination of panic and forced selling by hedge funds that must meet margin calls from their lenders , he said .
Mr. Heebner ’s funds have not avoided the carnage this year .
The CGM Focus fund is down about 42 percent so far in 2008 .
But his long - term track record is impressive .
In the decade that ended Dec. 31 , 2007 , CGM Focus rose 26 percent a year , including reinvested dividends , making it among the best - performing mutual funds .
Mr. Heebner is not alone in his optimism .
“ I think in years to come — I would n’t say months to come — we will perceive this as being a great value - buying opportunity , ” said David P. Stowell , a finance professor at Northwestern and a former managing director at JPMorgan Chase .
“ Two and three years from now , it will seem very smart . ”
Even before their jaw - dropping plunge of the last month , stocks were not expensive by historical standards , based on fundamentals like earnings and cash flow .
Now , after falling 30 percent or more since early September , stocks in stalwart , profitable corporations like Nokia , Exxon Mobil and Boeing are trading at nine times their annual profits per share or less .
Many smaller companies are even cheaper .
Some of those stocks are trading at five times earnings or less .
Those ratios are historically low .
Over all , the Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index is trading at about 13 times its expected profits for 2009 , its lowest level in decades .
In contrast , at the height of the technology bubble in early 2000 , the stocks in the S.& P. traded at about 30 times earnings , the highest level ever .
At the same time , the 10 - year Treasury bond paid about 6 percent interest , compared with less than 4 percent today .
Investors have fled stocks in favor of government bonds , insured bank deposits and other low - risk investments because they are deeply afraid of the worldwide economic crisis , said Stephen Haber , an economic historian and senior fellow at the Hoover Institution .
But he said he believed that fear might have gone too far .
“ If there is good and wise policy , and government moves effectively , this need not play itself out in ways like the Great Depression , which is the image that is playing itself out in people ’s mind , ” Mr. Haber said .
Government action typically does not work immediately , and banking crises around the world often require multiple interventions , he said .
Still , optimists remain in the minority on Wall Street .
Most investors seem to believe that the credit crisis will do substantial damage to stocks and overall economic activity .
“ We have never before seen for such sustained periods of time such a sustained turn away from risk taking , ” said Steven Wieting , the chief United States economist for Citigroup .
“ This has broken out of the boundaries we ’ve seen . ”
Economic activity appears to have slowed sharply in September , Mr. Wieting said .
The panic last week took the biggest toll on financial companies , as well as companies that are highly leveraged .
But stocks fell 10 to 30 percent even for companies typically thought to be resistant to economic downturns , like the manufacturers of consumer staples .
For example , Newell Rubbermaid fell to $ 12.82 on Friday from $ 17.34 on Oct. 1 , a 26 percent decline in 10 days .
Newell Rubbermaid now trades at its lowest levels since 1990 , and just eight times its expected earnings for next year .
Yet Newell Rubbermaid , whose brands include Calphalon , is profitable and insulated from the credit crisis , said William G. Schmitz Jr. , who follows household products companies for Deutsche Bank .
“ There ’s really no balance sheet risk , ” Mr. Schmitz said .
The company also pays a 6 percent dividend .
Newell Rubbermaid said in July that it would earn $ 1.40 to $ 1.60 a share for 2008 , excluding restructuring charges .
For 2009 , stock analysts predict it will make $ 1.53 a share .
And while a slowing economy may mean that people will be buying fewer products from Newell Rubbermaid , the recent plunge in oil prices will reduce its costs , Mr. Schmitz said .
“ The way the stock ’s reacted , you ’d think they were going out of business , ” he said .
Martin J. Whitman , a professional investor for more than 50 years , said that as long as economies worldwide could avoid an outright depression , stocks were amazingly cheap .
Mr. Whitman manages the $ 6 billion Third Avenue Value fund , which returned 10.2 percent annually for the 15 years that ended Sept. 30 , almost two percentage points a year better than the S.& P. 500 index .
The fund is down 46 percent this year .
“ This is the opportunity of a lifetime , ” Mr. Whitman said .
“ The most important securities are being given away . ”
Arizona 's first wind - energy power plant is a step closer to generating electricity after two government agencies recently approved land agreements with the developer , Iberdrola Renewables .
The first phase of the wind farm is scheduled to open by 2010 , with about 30 wind turbines as tall as 300 feet generating 63 megawatts of electricity when the wind blows , enough for nearly 16,000 homes .
A second phase could bring an additional 200 or more turbines for a maximum capacity of 314 megawatts , which would provide enough electricity for 78,500 homes when the wind blows .
The Bureau of Land Management signed a right - of - way agreement and other documents for the Dry Lake Wind Project planned northwest of Snowflake , and the Arizona State Land Department signed a permit for the portion of the project that will use its rural property .
The BLM will earn $ 36,966 in leases on the project next year and should get $ 87,255 a year after that if the project develops as proposed .
State Land 's deal is tied to the amount of electricity generated at the plant , and could earn $ 4 million during the 50 - year agreement , Commissioner Mark Winkleman said .
Iberdrola also has a private agreement with the Rocking Chair Ranch to use some of its land .
The ranch runs cattle on the public and private land in the area , but cattle operations wo n't be affected by the development , owner Bill Elkins said .
Iberdrola , a global company with Spanish headquarters , has an agreement with Salt River Project to sell the utility all of the electricity from the wind farm for its Phoenix - area customers .
Stephen Allred , an assistant secretary for the U.S. Department of the Interior , called the project a " totally positive approach to meeting our energy needs in the U.S. "
The BLM received the application in summer 2007 and acted " fairly fast , " but the agency still can improve the speed at which renewable - energy projects get permits , Allred said .
" We have to do better with the federal government to give access to them , to speed up the time frame , and to get transmission ( lines ) to them , " he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The Journal 's Tom Wright reports :
The Arctic has become an island for the first time in modern human history , showing the extent of global warming 's impact on the North Pole ’s ice cap , scientists say .
Images from NASA satellites , stitched together by scientists at the University of Bremen , show that both the Northwest Passage around Canada ...
" At the price it used to be worth in the Mandate ?
Before it was improved by the Jews ? "
" Something like that .
No , even cheaper .
Just now two boys from this village were caught on the Lebanese frontier ; the Lebanese police sent them back .
The Israelis are holding them for interrogation .
How could such boys be spies ? "
" I do n't know .
But you do remember that the Arab countries are at war with Israel ?
I should think it might be hard for the Jews to know what Arabs they could trust . "
" They are right not to trust 50 per cent of the Arabs in this country . "
" How can they know which 50 per cent ? "
" Oh , they know everything .
They have a C.I.D. agent in every Arab village .
He is a Jew , and everyone knows him . "
" What 's the use of having a secret policeman if everyone knows he's a secret policeman ? "
" There are plenty of informers .
I do n't know what it is that has taught all Arabs to be spies . "
He said this with real despair .
" There is compulsory education in this country up to the age of fourteen .
That is a very good thing .
We did not have such a thing before .
But the Muslims do not send their girls to school half the time and do not send the boys if they can earn .
Then what ?
The fine for the father is only five pounds .
What is five pounds to the father ? "
" Do you really mean that you want the Jews to supply the schools and the law which makes education compulsory , and also to force the Arabs and Druses to send their children to school and take advantage of this education ?
Would n't that make the Jews even more unpopular ? "
He admitted , with a smile , that this might be the case and went on : " Nasser buys arms from Russia because he could not get them from the West .
Egypt has twenty - two million people , so it needs many more arms than the Israelis , who are only two million .
But Nasser is not crazy ; he will not make war .
He spends as much on social reform as on arms .
All children now go to school in the Arab countries . "
" Have you ever visited the Arab countries ?
Have you been to Egypt ? "
We drank more coffee ; we lit more cigarettes .
I braced myself for further enlightenment .
" The Arab Kings were not the true representatives of the Arab peoples when they made war against Israel .
Now all the refugees should come back and we should have Partition . "
At this point , I decided to make one long , determined stand to see whether there was any meeting ground of minds on a basis of mutually accepted facts and reasoning .
" Please bear with me and help me , " said I . " I am a simple American , and I am trying to understand how the Arab mind works , and I am finding it very difficult .
I want to put some things in order ; if I have everything wrong , you will correct me .
In 1947 , the United Nations recommended the Partition of Palestine .
I have seen the Partition map and studied it .
I cannot tell , but it does not look to me as if the Arabs were being cheated of their share of good land .
The idea was that this division would work , if both Jews and Arabs accepted it and lived under an Economic Union .
And , of course , the Arab countries around the borders would have to be peaceful and cooperative or else nothing would work at all .
The Jews accepted this Partition plan ; I suppose because they felt they had to .
They were outnumbered about two to one inside the country , and there were the neighboring Arab states with five regular armies and forty million or more citizens , not feeling friendly .
Are we agreed so far ? "
" It is right . "
" The Arab governments and the Palestinian Arabs rejected Partition absolutely .
You wanted the whole country .
There is no secret about this .
The statements of the Arab representatives , in the UN are on record .
The Arab governments never hid the fact that they started the war against Israel .
But you , the Palestinian Arabs , agreed to this , you wanted it .
And you thought , it seems to me very reasonably , that you would win and win quickly .
It hardly seemed a gamble ; it seemed a sure bet .
You took the gamble and you lost .
I can understand why you have all been searching for explanations of that defeat ever since , because it does seem incredible .
I do n't happen to accept your explanations , but that is beside the point .
The point is that you lost . "
" Yes . "
It was too astonishing ; at long last , East and West were in accord on the meaning of words .
" Now you say that you want to return to the past ; you want Partition .
So , in fact you say , let us forget that war we started , and the defeat , and , after all , we think Partition is a good , sensible idea .
Please answer me this , which is what I must , know .
If the position were reversed , if the Jews had started the war and lost it , if you had won the war , would you now accept Partition ?
Would you give up part of the country and allow the 650,000 Jewish residents of Palestine - who had fled from the war - - to come back ? "
" Certainly not , " he said , without an instant 's hesitation .
" But there would have been no Jewish refugees .
They had no place to go .
They would all be dead or in the sea . "
He had given me the missing clue .
The fancy word we use nowadays is " empathy " -- entering into the emotions of others .
I had appreciated and admired individual refugees but realized I had felt no blanket empathy for the Palestinian refugees , and finally I knew why -- owing to this nice , gray - haired schoolteacher .
It is hard to sorrow for those who only sorrow over themselves .
It is difficult to pity the pitiless .
To wring the heart past all doubt , those who cry aloud for justice must be innocent .
They cannot have wished for a victorious rewarding war , blame everyone else for their defeat , and remain guiltless .
Some of them may be unfortunate human beings , and civilization would collapse ( as it notoriously did in Nazi Germany ) if most people did not naturally move to help their hurt fellow men .
But a profound difference exists between victims of misfortune ( there , but for the grace of God , go I ) and victims of injustice .
My empathy knew where it stood , thanks to the schoolteacher .
" Do you follow the Eichmann trial ? " I asked .
An Arabic daily paper , weeklies , and radio station thrive in Israel .
" Yes .
Every day . "
He wrinkled his nose with disgust .
" Do you not imagine that all the Jews in Israel believe this massacre of their people could have been prevented if the Jews had had a homeland to escape to ?
Do n't you think that they knew , , also , what you just said : there would have been no Jewish refugees from here -- they would be dead or in the sea ?
Does n't that perhaps explain them to you a little ? "
He shrugged , he smiled ; with these gestures h tacitly admitted the point , but it was of minor importance .
" In 1948 , the Arabs were not united ; that is why we lost .
In 1956 the Jews beat Nasser .
He will never make war .
But when there are five million Jews here in Israel , the Jews will make war , because they will need more land . "
" Israel is about the size of New Jersey , a state in America .
Some six million people live quite comfortably in New Jersey .
Israel could become an industrial state , a very useful one . "
" No , it cannot .
The Arab nations will not allow it .
They will not trade with Israel .
They will not let Israeli ships go through the Canal .
They do not wish Israel to do these things .
They will not accept Israel . "
" It is hopeless , " I said .
" In my lifetime , those who threatened war sooner or later produced it .
If Arab - Israel politics keep up like this , my friend , perhaps all of us , everywhere - you and your wife and Mary , and my child and my husband and I -- will have the privilege of dying in the same stupid final war . "
He thought I was making a rich foreign joke .
He has never seen even a corner of a real big war ; he can not imagine it .
He thinks war is something that lasts a few weeks , during which you shoot off bad bullets at a remote enemy , no one is killed , you run away for a bit and then come home to your undamaged houses and lead a good life , indeed a better material life than before .
None of these Arabs has suffered anything comparable to what survivors of modern war know ; none can imagine such catastrophe .
THE Christian schoolteacher sent me on to a friend of his , a Muslim schoolteacher , in a village called Masra on the plain near Acre .
The Muslim schoolteacher was a young black - eyed beauty , who received me in a bleak cement - walled room , scantily furnished with an ugly desk , wardrobe , straight chairs , and day bed .
He wore striped pajamas , traces of shaving cream , and a ' princely ease of manner .
We got right down to business .
Before 1948 , the population of Masra was 350 ; now it is 200 .
They owned little land , they had worked on neighboring kibbutzim and in Acre factories .
They always had good relations with the Jews .
" No one here shot at Jews ; and no Jews shot at us . "
( Note the order of the sentence . )
But now Masra had grown and swollen ; 900 refugees lived here .
" Refugees ? "
" Yes , people from those villages . "
He gestured out the door , across the fields .
" What ?
From villages nearby ? "
" Yes , yes .
Those villages .
They are maybe seven kilometers away . "
" And you consider them refugees ? "
" Of course .
There was no fighting near here , but the people are frightened , so they fled to the Druse villages , where they know they will be safe , because the Druses were always friendly with the Jews , and after , they came here .
The Israeli government will not let them go back to their villages .
The government offered them other land , but they will not take it .
Before the war , only my father sent his sons to school from this village .
Now we have a school and 240 children in it , 100 girls and 140 boys .
We have a water tap at every house and electric light ; never such things before .
No one owned a radio ; now there are 100 radios and frigidaires too .
The people earn good wages . "
" Then everyone must be happy . "
" No .
The people are not glad .
They want to go back to their old houses , even if there is no light or water or money . "
They knew the refugees were " living under good conditions " ; he had brothers in Lebanon and Syria who were doing well .
How did he know ?
They wrote messages to the Israel radio , which broadcast them , and the Lebanon radio sent messages back ; that way they heard news of their families .
But all the refugees should return and Israel should be partitioned .
I put the same proposition to him as to his Christian colleague ; if the Arabs had won the war , would they accept Partition ?
" No , never , of course not .
We would let some few Jews live here as immigrants but not be masters , not in any part of Palestine . "
" Why do you think the refugees left in the first place ? "
Well , there was much fear .
Then , they all knew about Dir Yassin and expected the same to happen to them .
Inside Israel , the Arabs do not need or use the refugees ' stories of massacres ; they do not have to account for flight , since they are still at home .
They know what happened around them , and their neighbors know , and such stories would be pointless .
But they do speak of Dir Yassin , which was a genuine massacre and took place in the village of that name , near Jerusalem , on April 9 , 1948 .
Before the official Arab - Israel war started ( on May 15 , 1948 ) there had been months and months of " incidents . "
( " From the first week of December 1947 , disorder in Palestine had begun to mount .
The Arabs repeatedly asserted that they would resist partition by force .
They seemed to be determined to drive that point home by assaults upon the Jewish community in Palestine . " -- Trygve Lie ,
In the Cause of Peace , Macmillan , 1954 . )
By February , 1948 , aside from scattered Arab attacks on scattered Jews , and reprisals for same , the " Arab Liberation Army " had moved into Palestine from the north , and Jerusalem was bombarded , besieged , and cut off .
The Jews were trying to run food to the beleaguered Jewish population of Jerusalem .
A lot of Jews were getting killed in that effort , in Jerusalem and elsewhere , and in the eyes of some Jews not enough was being done to prevent or avenge this .
The state of Israel did not exist ; no functioning Jewish government could control this anarchic , deadly phase of undeclared war .
Two famous illegal groups of militant Jews , the Stern Gang and the Irgun Zvai Leumi , had their own ideas on how to fight fire with fire .
The British regarded them both as terrorists .
The Jewish Agency and their underground army , the Haganah , which were the official Jewish authorities in Palestine , also rejected the Stern Gang and the Irgun Zvai Leumi , because of their ruthlessness .
Under the circumstances that created them , these two outlawed bands do not seem very different from Resistance groups , Partisans , or Commandos , all of whom were admired as patriots , and none of whom obeyed the Queensberry rules .
The Irgun Zvai Leumi , in any case , behaved like desperate men at war , not like the millennial inheritors of a high moral code .
The village of Dir Yassin lay close to besieged Jerusalem and its life - line road .
According to the Irgun , Dir Yassin was a nest of snipers and armed Arabs ; an effective enemy concentration .
On their own , the Irgun decided to attack Dir Yassin .
Their leader was killed by Arab fire from the village ; the Irgun fighters then went brutally mad and shot everyone in sight .
Two hundred and fifty Arabs were killed .
To this day , Israelis cannot get over their shame for Dir Yassin while failing to remind themselves , the Arabs , and the world that murder , horribly , begets murder ; and they could present a longer casualty list of Jews killed by Arabs , before and after Dir Yassin , during the twilight period of terror that preceded open war .
The news of Dir Yassin spread like the tolling of a funeral bell throughout Arab Palestine .
According to their own ethical code and practice of war , Dir Yassin must have seemed a natural portent of the future to the Arabs .
They intended to massacre the Jews ; if the Jews were victorious , obviously they would massacre the Arabs .
As the beautiful schoolteacher pointed out , Dir Yassin threw the fear of death into vast numbers of the Arab population .
In panic , they fled from Palestine .
Since we were talking about war , we came easily to the subject of Nasser .
" Here they love Nasser .
All love him .
He is Arab person .
They do not believe what he says on the radio - - kill the Jews , kick them into the sea .
So long he says it , and nothing happens .
It will not be war .
Something else will arrange , but not soon . "
The Christian Arab schoolteacher had told me of a priest in Acre whom I should see , but I could not find him .
Instead , I directed myself toward the nearest church steeple , rang a doorbell beneath , and was admitted by an enormous , rotund priest in a brown cassock .
He looked like an Arab but was an Italian .
He had lived in this country for nearly thirty years and had learned how to survive : by laughter .
He laughed at everything , and it was an awesome sight , as if a hippopotamus broke into silent mirth .
We settled on his stiff upholstered visitors ' chairs , and he ruminated on the problem of the refugees .
If there was the choice between a big financial compensation or return , only 50 per cent of the refugees would wish to return , and most of those who came back would not stay .
" They could not endure how this country is run .
The discipline .
The work . "
The refugees are kept thinking of Palestine by the Arab leaders , by propaganda .
Why not build factories and arrange land resettlement in the Arab countries ?
( The Arab governments do not wish this , Father . )
Give the money to the Arab governments and tell them to get on with the job and control it .
( How ? )
By force .
( But what force , Father ? )
He often told Arab priests about the thirteen million refugees who came from East Germany to West Germany ; they were all absorbed into West Germany and enriched the country .
Why would ' not 800,000 Arab refugees enrich the Arab countries , which were big and underpopulated ?
But it is no use ; Arabs have never heard of any other refugees or any other problem than their own , and they cannot think about that , in a practical way .
The whole problem is between the East and the West ; the Arabs are very happy in the middle , using blackmail .
This would stop if the East and the West came to terms , or if the West was united and strong and could impose its will .
( But how , Father ? )
Ah well , the Jews might as well let the refugees come back ; the Arabs here are loyal to the state .
( " The ones I 've seen detest the Jews and the state , Father , and you know it . "
I expected his laughter to make a sound , it was so violent . )
Yes , yes , that is true , but they do nothing .
There is no resistance , no underground .
Think what they could do if they really wanted to , with the Arab .
countries all around as a base .
( Some Arabs did for a long time , Father - - until 1956 , in fact ; look at the countless incidents with the UN police force called out to investigate murders , thefts , sabotage . )
Oh , that was nothing , nothing to what they could do if they really wanted to .
With another mute roar , he told me that the Arabs said , First we will finish with the Shabbaths , and then with the Sundays .
They never changed their ideas .
They went around looking at the women and the houses they would take when they managed to get rid of the Jews and the Christians .
He laughed himself into a good shake over this one .
I asked about the Eichmann trial and the reaction of his Roman Catholic parishioners .
Well , his Christian Arabs thought Eichmann was right , because the Jews were the enemy of the German state .
They were always the enemy of the state ; the Pharaohs had to drive them out of Egypt , the Persian King tried to clear them out , Ferdinand and Isabella kicked them out of Spain .
No one could live on good terms with them , so Eichmann was right .
( Horrified , really horrified , I said , " Surely .
that is not a Christian attitude to the most appalling murders we know about ? "
He found it terribly funny that I should expect a Christian attitude from Arabs . )
" I do not like either Arabs or Jews , " the priest announced with great good humor , " but I serve them with my whole heart , as I must . "
He asked me at the door whether there are any Christian Arabs in refugee camps .
Yes , I had seen a camp of Christians in Lebanon .
" I am surprised .
There must be very few .
I would have expected them to manage better .
They do not dream all the time .
They have more contact with reality than the Muslims . "
By now I could foretell one local Arab account of reality .
First they explain that they did not lose the war against the Jews ; various others are responsible for the defeat .
Then they boast cheerfully of their present material well - being , as if they had invented prosperity .
At this stage , the Israeli Jews might be wisps of smoke ; they had nothing to do with building the country .
However , Arabs are miserable ; although they never had it so good , it is not good enough , owing , of course , to the Jews .
Usually these Arabs say how much they love Nasser and in their devotion are curiously - remindful of Nazi Austrians , twenty - five years ago , when they praised the handsome distant leader , Adolf , from whose hand all blessings would flow .
What they believe they now want is to bring the refugees home and partition the ' state .
They have not considered this as a practical matter , nor imagined its effects on their new - found prosperity .
I VISITED a school in a village where prosperity had broken out like a rash -- new houses , shops , hospital , high school , bigger elementary schools and the teachers harangued me as foreseen .
After telling me how well off everyone was , and bragging of their growth , they told me they were all unhappy and poor because they had owned 40,000 dunams of land ( 10,000 acres ) and now only owned 10,000 dunams .
But another Arab , who had not overheard this conversation and was employed as an agricultural inspector , explained that the 10,000 dunams were irrigated , which was new , and also they were scientifically farmed , and therefore produced far more than the 40,000 dunams had .
To listen to these conversations is work for a psychiatrist , not a journalist .
I yearned for my silent hotel room in Jerusalem , but Nissim had two heart 's - desires , and Nissim was such a nice man that I could not refuse him .
There was a " great lady " he wanted me to meet , a Muslim .
" She began a Muslim women 's club all alone , she , " Nissim said .
" Such a thing has never been .
What a brave woman .
The Muslims go to a place and learn together , and hear lectures , the women .
Is it not wonderful ? " I could see that Nissim was by nature a suffragette .
He also wanted me to visit a new village of government - built houses , which the Arab citizens buy on the installment plan by paying a low rent .
Not everyone has a chance to own such fine , inexpensive houses , and Nissim - - like all Jewish Israelis -- is ardently proud of every improvement in his country .
First we called on the lady , who lived in a modern villa , luxurious by middle - class standards anywhere and palatial by Middle Eastern standards , very shiny and tasteless .
Nissim thought it wonderful ; so did she , with well - bred restraint .
She was young , charming , just returned from her schoolteacher 's job , bathed and dressed for the afternoon in a sleeveless red dress .
She spoke of her Muslim women 's club , whose members ranged in age from fifteen to sixty , and learned sewing , cooking , child care , listened to lectures , and were enthusiastic over their new venture .
I am a suffragette like Nissim and was delighted .
Then the predictable complaints began .
The peasants , she said , have work and money and do n't care about anything else .
But the educated people suffer ; they have all this education , and after they finish their studies , what can they do ?
Only the professions , and business , and a few are elected to Parliament ; but they can not get positions in the army .
Her husband , a pharmacist , has to take four buses to reach his place of work , but here is this village of eight thousand people without a pharmacy ; why do n't the Jews open a pharmacy ?
" If there is such a crying need for a pharmacy here , why does n't your husband start one himself ?
This is not a Communist state ; there are no laws against private enterprise .
You are well - known people , full and free citizens .
You could certainly raise a loan , if you need it . "
You are not supposed to argue about complaints ; it is abominable manners .
Her face closed like a lovely olive - colored trap .
" The Israelis say that they do not conscript Arabs - - except the Druses , who insisted on it themselves -- because the only people the Israeli Army would ever have to fight are Arabs .
It seems decent to me , and it seems like reasonable military security .
How would your men feel if called upon to fight fellow Arabs , who might be their blood relatives and intended to be their liberators ?
Do you think it is a good job for a man to join an army he cannot serve with his heart , and would sell out if the time came ?
That may be excellent work for spies , but not for soldiers . "
She opened her closed face to say , " Yes , I see .
But it is our country . "
It was too hot , and too futile .
Besides , I was tired of the convention which apparently requires non-Arabs to treat Arabs as if they were neurotic children , subject either to tantrums or to internal bleeding from spiritual wounds .
This girl did not strike me as a pathetic weakling .
" Only by right of conquest , " I said .
" In the seventh century .
The Jews got here first , about two thousand years ahead of you .
You have n't lived as masters in your own house for a long time .
Aside from the Crusaders , the Ottoman Turks bossed you for a steady four hundred years , before the British took over .
Now the Jews have won back their land by right of conquest .
Turn and turn about , " I said , feeling as beastly minded as an Arab myself .
" Fair 's fair . "
" How was it ? " asked Nissim , who had been waiting in the car .
" She is fine , is n't she ?
Think that she starts to teach the Muslim women .
No other one did . "
Israelis are the first to explain ( and who can know better ? ) that it is painful to be a minority : the Arabs in Palestine became a minority suddenly .
It is grievous ( as who knows better than Israelis ? ) to be separated from the numerous , needed members of your family .
Israelis will also explain that the Arabs in Israel are torn in two : their racial loyalty belongs to the enemies of Israel , and they are afraid ; if the Arab nations make war against Israel , as is regularly promised on the radio from Cairo , Damascus , Beirut , what will be their fate ?
Would the outside Arabs regard them , the Arabs inside Israel , as collaborators , traitors ?
The emotional position of the Israeli Arabs is tormenting ( and is held in that torment by the Arab radio stations ) , though they are materially secure , protected by equal justice under law , and by an almost exaggerated respect for their feelings .
If the Arab nations made peace with Israel , it is possible that all Israeli Arabs would relax , be happy , and wholehearted supporters of Israel .
If not , not .
No one , after listening to Israeli Arabs , could believe that Palestinian refugees would be either contented or loyal citizens of Israel .
The new village , that so pleased Nissim , was rows of small plastered houses painted in pastel shades , or white with pastel - colored woodwork .
They have a porch - veranda , two fairly large rooms , a kitchen , a shower - washroom , and small gardens .
No working - class Arabs I saw anywhere in the Middle East possess houses like these , but the owners were not satisfied , as I knew they would not be .
One boy of about fourteen could speak English ; boys of this age are valuable informants -- they parrot their elders without reflection .
" We are very poor , " he said .
" How can you be very poor and live in these houses ?
You have to pay for them . "
" We must to work very hard .
More harder than before .
Terrible work .
We have no land . "
" Was n't farming hard work ? "
" No .
That was easy .
Not like now . "
" How does your family manage ? "
" My brother works .
In Tel Aviv .
In a gasoline station .
That is terrible hard work . "
When we left , the pretty , healthy children ran beside the car , shouting .
I waved .
Nissim looked queer , something was wrong ; that chronic optimist seemed sad .
" What 's the matter , Nissim ? "
" Nothing .
What the children say . "
" You mean just now , shouting ? "
" Yes .
They say : ' Where you going , bastard ?
I spit on you . ' "
What for , I thought , what for , and will it never stop ?
" Do you hate the Arabs , Nissim ? "
" No .
Of course no . "
" Why not ? "
" What is the good of hate ? "
What indeed ?
Arabs gorge on hate , they roll in it , they breathe it .
Jews top the hate list , but any foreigners are hateful enough .
Arabs also hate each other , separately and , en masse .
Their politicians change the direction of their hate as they would change their shirts .
Their press is vulgarly base with hate - filled cartoons ; their reporting describes whatever hate is now uppermost and convenient .
Their radio is a long scream of hate , a call to hate .
They teach their children hate in school .
They must love the taste of hate ; it is their daily bread .
And what good has it done them ?
THERE is no future in spending UN money to breed hate .
There is no future in nagging or bullying Israel to commit suicide by the admission of a fatal locust swarm of enemies .
There is no future in Nasser 's solution , the Holy War against Israel ; and we had better make this very clear , very quickly .
Long bleak memories will recall the Sudetendeutsch and Czechoslovakia .
In a new setting , Palestinian refugees assume the role of the Sudetendeutsch .
Israel becomes Czechoslovakia .
Propaganda prepares the war for liberation of " our brothers . "
Victory over - a minor near enemy is planned as the essential first step on a long triumphant road of conquest .
A thousand - year Muslim Reich , the African continent ruled by Egypt , may be a mad dream , but we have experience of mad dreams and mad dreamers .
We can not be too careful .
The echo of Hitler 's voice is heard again in the land , now speaking Arabic .
Unfortunately for us all , including the Arabs , the Middle Eastern Arab nations have been hit by independence and the twentieth century at the same time .
It is a lot to handle , and they are not handling it safely or sanely .
The Cold War does not help them ; it encourages folly .
East and West both treat the Arabs with nervous anxiety ; placatory and bribing , East and West keep their eyes fixed on the geographical location of the Arab states and the immense amount of oil under their deserts .
No one does or can talk practical facts about Israel to the Arabs ; it would be useless .
Even the soundest Arab leaders have tied their own hands tight in an official hate policy .
At present , any Arab government which urged a quick , peaceful , advantageous settlement of the Palestine Refugee Problem would be mobbed .
The mobs have been indoctrinated for thirteen years , as have the Arab refugees .
The Palestinian refugees could have been absorbed into the economic life of the Arab countries long ago , despite the remark of UNRWA 's Director -- in his 1960 report -- that jobs do not exist for the refugees in the Arab countries .
Of course they do not exist ; if they did , the Arab standard of life would be a finer and a better thing than it is now .
The jobs must be made ; but the Arab countries need to have the jobs done as much as the refugees need to do them .
The Director of UNRWA states , in the same report , that the majority of Palestinian refugees are unskilled peasants and there are enough or too many of those in the Arab countries already .
No doubt .
But unskilled peasants , all over the world , have learned to become skilled factory workers or scientific farmers , at very short notice ; that ability to learn is what makes our modern industrial civilization tick .
The Yemenite Jews who moved in a week from the Middle Ages to Israel , the unskilled Polish peasants operating the Nova Huta steel mills are obvious examples of this transformation .
Neighboring Arabs regard the Palestinian Arabs as outstandingly intelligent .
I would think this reputation deserved .
There is no reason to believe that they cannot learn as others have .
Where there 's a will -- and as much unused land and wasted water , mineral and oil resources , underpopulation and undeveloped industries as in the vast Arab territories -- there 's a way .
" Western Imperialists " would have to contribute most of the cash for the way , and it would be cheap at the price .
It is more expensive to maintain paupers forever than to establish free , self - supporting citizens .
One outlay of capital is futile and never ends ; the other is a capital investment , humane and profitable , and pays for itself .
It pays in buying peace , and we do n't have to argue which is the better bargain , peace or war .
" Western Imperialists " should provide the way ; the Arab governments would have to provide the will .
Economics are not all , and the tragedy of most refugees is not that they starve in their countries of adoption , but that their hearts and minds and souls starve .
They are lonely strangers who do not speak the language of the new land , or know its customs ; they are aliens .
But the Palestinian refugees look , think , feel , and organize themselves socially as the Arabs of the " host countries " do .
They speak the same language , they practice the same religion .
The Christian minority would find fellow minority Christians in every Arab country except Lebanon , where they are on top .
The Palestinian Arabs are not foreigners in the Arab world ; they are members of their own family .
According to Arab politicians and apologists , the Palestinian refugees refuse to become integrated in the Arab world ; it is Palestine or nothing for them .
Everyone shouts for the Palestinian refugees , and at them , and about them , but no one has ever asked the refugees what they themselves want : where do you want to live ; what do you want to do ?
My tiny personal Gallup poll unearthed plenty of refugees who were happy where they were and had no desire to return to Palestine , no matter what ; and plenty of refugees who longed to emigrate to the richer Arab countries , where the future looks brighter , or out into the great non-Arab world .
Except for one Christian Arab from Jaffa , who thinks Jews more honest than Arab Muslims and better people to do business with , none of them wanted to return to Israel , as Israeli citizens , and dwell in peace with their Jewish neighbors .
We need a secret poll of both sexes , from the age of twelve onward , to discover the refugees ' own wishes for their own lives .
The poll would have to be secret because it is impossible , even perilous , for an Arab refugee openly to disclaim interest in Palestine .
Such a freethinker would be marked as a traitor to the Arab cause .
Man is a political animal , but he also wants to live .
Politics have offered a very dry crust to these refugees for a very long time .
Yet the Arab governments insist that the Palestinian refugees are a political problem .
Once a year , formally , they brandish these waiting lives at the UN Assembly .
The rest of the year , with different degrees of intensity , depending on their domestic politics , they wield these waiting lives to stir up Arab hate at home .
The Arab governments say they will not accept the existence of the state of Israel , now or ever .
The logical conclusion is that , when ready , they intend to burst from their cold belligerent status into hot armed conflict and terminate Israel 's existence .
We cannot force the Arab nations to make peace with Israel , but we have to prevent them from making actual war for the sake of all human life , their own included .
A vital preventive act would be to remove the Palestinian refugees as a justification of war .
Is it fruitless to offer terms to the Arab governments ?
We cannot hurry them , or threaten them .
Their pride has been scarred ; they are uncertain noisy adolescents in a tricky clever adult world ; their nationalism is new , and they suspect insults or attacks on it , from every side ; they do not live easily with themselves or with each other ; and they have not yet understood that a nation is only as strong as its people - - arms laid on top of disease , illiteracy , and poverty are a useless burden .
But if we know our own minds , are patient , firm , and generous , in time the Arab governments might allow us to enrich their countries .
Our Western offer should be clear : UNRWA is to continue as a bridge to the future ; we will pay for the bridge and the future -- Palestinian refugees are gradually to become Arab citizens , earning their own livelihood on land , in industries , which our money and technical help will make available .
All of this , but not another penny for a political problem .
The Palestinian refugees must be taken out of politics forever and given the same chance that millions of refugees have had before them : a chance for work , private peace , and private life .
Would the Arab governments reject such an offer flatly , in pique , and turn UNRWA over to the Russians ?
The Arab leaders do not care for Communism at home .
Russia , as parent and teacher of hundreds of thousands of young Arab refugees , would not charm them .
In the ugly East - West rivalry for Arab affection ( and oil and geography ) , we might for once risk taking a reasonable , compassionate line .
We are not likely to be outbid in this field .
The Arab governments do not love us , but they fear the proselytizing Communists more .
UNRWA has been a splendid mother - and - father and can serve the refugees as a guide to the future .
UNRWA 's greatest gift to the refugees , to the Arab world , and , indirectly , to us all is the education and health of its charges .
UNRWA should receive more money and be considered primarily an educational institution .
In my opinion , UNRWA will be with us for some time , an admirable training school for young Palestinians and a kindly old folks ' home for aged Palestinians .
But UNRWA too must be taken out of politics .
Its work should not be subject to Arab political supervision ; none of its activities should be used for Arab propaganda purposes ; and its Western personnel must keep themselves rigorously detached from the Arab - Israel controversy .
THE Palestinian refugees are a chain reaction .
Arab politicians and apologists would have us believe that the explosion began with the Balfour Declaration to " view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a home for the Jewish people . "
More likely , the explosion started in the depths of time when the Romans drove the Jews from their one and only homeland , the soil that grew their history , the Bible .
Nearly two thousand years later , Hitler and his followers committed such barbarous crimes against the Jews as all Christendom and all Islam , barbarous too , had never inflicted in the centuries of the Jewish dispersion .
The Nazis and the gas chambers made the state of Israel inevitable : the Palestinian Arabs and the five invading Arab armies determined the boundaries of Israel .
The Palestinian refugees are unfortunate victims of a brief moment in history .
It is forgotten that Jews are also victims in the same manner , of the same moment .
The Arab - Israel war and its continuous aftermath produced a two - way flight of peoples .
Nearly half a million Jews , leaving behind everything they owned , escaped from the Arab countries where they lived to start life again as refugees in Israel .
Within one generation , if civilization lasts , Palestinian refugees will merge into the Arab nations , because the young will insist on real lives instead of endless waiting .
If we can keep the peace , however troubled , the children of Palestinian refugees will make themselves at home among their own kind , in their ancestral lands .
For the Jews there is no other ancestral land than Israel .
Did NSA Lie , Cover - Up ? Senators Open Second Probe Top Democrats and Republicans ask NSA to respond to ABC News report .
October 13 , 2008  --
The Democratic chairman and the ranking Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee have opened a second Congressional investigation into the ABC News report that US intelligence personnel eavesdropped , recorded and stored the private , personal phone calls of American journalists , aid workers and soldiers serving in Iraq .
Separately , the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) , has ordered his staff to begin its own investigation .
The allegations came from two former military intelligence intercept operators and translators , Adrienne Kinne , an Arab linguist for the US Army , and David Murfee Faulk , an Arab linguist for the US Navy .
Both were detailed to work at a giant listening post run by the National Security Agency , the NSA , at Fort Gordon , outside Augusta , Georgia .
Kinne said " hundreds of everyday Americans " had their private conversations intercepted .
Faulk said phone calls that included " phone sex and pillow talk " were often passed around the NSA facility as a sort of amusement for the operators working there .
In a joint statement , Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) said they wanted a full investigation .
" Such interceptions , and orders to continue transcribing them when minimization should have resulted , appear to violate " Presidential executive orders and NSA guidelines , the two Senators said in a statement .
Kinne and Faulk told ABC
News they were instructed to keep recording calls from Americans to Americans even after determining the conversations were private in nature .
Kinne said " we could have blocked the calls from future " eavesdropping " but were told not to . "
The Senators also raised the issue that NSA and military officials may have misled , lied or covered - up earlier , similar allegations .
Leahy said Kinne , who now works at a Veterans Administration facility in Vermont , had privately provided the allegations to his staff more than a year ago and that he asked the Department of Defense Inspector General to investigate .
The allegations were passed on to the Inspector General at the NSA and resulted in no action .
Kinne told ABC
News she was never interviewed by the NSA Inspector General and Leahy 's staff says that shortcoming " speak volumes " about the quality of the NSA internal investigation .
Leahy and Specter also raised questions about the truthfulness of government witnesses before their committee who were asked about eavesdropping on US military personnel .
" Government witnesses denied that the personal communications of U.S. soldiers in Iraq were being targeted for collection , " the Senators said .
Following the ABC News report , the NSA said some of the allegations were now under active investigation .
Its spokesman said other allegations " were determined to be unfounded " without specifying which allegations .
A spokesman for the then - director of the NSA , Gen .
Michael Hayden , now the CIA director , said the NSA " assiduously followed the law . "
In their joint statement , Leahy and Specter said they wanted " a vigorous investigation " of the allegations made by the two former intercept operators , a report on any violations that may be found , and " written assurances that any ill - gotten collection is being destroyed and purged from government data bases . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Sorry , your browser does not support IFRAMES .
Download the latest Internet Explorer .
by on
Prior to Charlie Gibson ’s interview of Sarah Palin last week , Chris Mathews of MSNBC ’s Hardball asked Ryan Lizza of The New Yorker why the media was not focusing on Palin ’s lack of experience .
Lizza responded that Palin ’s scant political background made this a critical question , but that the McCain campaign had done such a good job of “ working the refs ” ( by claiming that the media was anti-McCain and that questioning Palin was “ sexist ” ) that the media was not highlighting the issue .
Of course , nothing stops Matthews from devoting his hour - long show to Palin ’s qualifications ; news shows did this in the matter of Reverend Wright .
But others have echoed Lizza ’s assessment , as the traditional media seeks excuses for not doing its job .
Do attacks on the media really prevent adverse coverage , or does this only apply when conservatives are doing the attacking ?
During the past week , much of the traditional media has focused on the widening discrepancy between Sarah Palin ’s actual record in political office and the story promoted by herself and the national Republican Party .
The media has exposed Palin ’s support for earmarks , the Bridge to Nowhere , and other policies she has claimed to oppose , and revealed a climate of favoritism and cronyism in the Palin Administration that rivals that of the Bush - Cheney regime .
But what the media has not directly confronted in the more than two weeks since Palin ’s election is her fundamental qualifications to be a heartbeat from the presidency .
And as Ryan Lizza and Chris Mathews both acknowledged , the reason for the media ’s avoidance of this critical issue is pressure from the McCain camp .
The Media ’s Double Standard
Can anyone recall a time when pressure from progressive activists and media groups like Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting ( FAIR ) deterred the media from pursuing a story ?
Or when a progressive politician prevented coverage by criticizing the media , otherwise known as “ working the refs ” ?
In 2004 , T. Boone Pickens funded a campaign to “ swiftboat ” Democratic Presidential nominee John Kerry ’s military record .
The Kerry campaign issued a point - by - point rebuttal to the charges , and urged the media not to publicize such falsehoods .
But this did not deter media coverage of the swift boat attacks .
The media did not worry about accusations of being unpatriotic for publicizing the slanderous attacks , arguing that the Pickens campaign was “ news . ”
In 2000 and 2004 , reports circulated that George W. Bush had violated military procedure in his failure to carry out his National Guard obligations .
Unlike the swift boat ads , which the media promoted as “ news , ” the media refused to probe deeply into the Bush allegations .
The reason ?
The alleged lack of irrefutable evidence , a standard never applied to the attacks on John Kerry .
CBS anchorman Dan Rather lost his job for promoting the story about Bush ’s military service record , and the media spent far more energy seeking to dispel rather than confirm the story .
Other right - wing narratives heavily promoted by the media–the notion that Al Gore claimed to have invented the Internet , that soon after taking office President Bill Clinton caused flight delays at LAX so he could get a haircut , and President Jimmy Carter ’s alleged fight with a killer rabbit–became grist for the media grill , despite repeated demonstrations that the narratives were false .
Democrats attempt to “ work the refs ” did not deter coverage of the above stories .
And the media used this criticism , particularly from the Kerry and Gore camps , to launch further salvos against their campaigns .
McCain : The Media is my Base
One could view the traditional media ’s hesitancy to vet Palin as simply part of its longstanding effort to dispel claims of a liberal bias .
But John McCain has been subject to the most fawning media coverage of almost any national politician over the past decade , and even described the media as his “ base . ”
This record should insulate the media from the McCain campaign ’s claims of bias , allowing the type of questioning of Palin ’s qualifications that it did not hesitate to raise to Barack Obama during the primary season .
The fact that the media feels deterred despite its pro-McCain record , and the high stakes involved –we are talking about the potential next vice - president to a 72 - year old candidate who has had cancer–shows that the Republican Party ’s grip on traditional coverage of presidential elections is greater than many suspected .
1992 v. 2000 -2008
While Bill Clinton is justifiably touted for the way he ran his 1992 campaign , President George H. W. Bush did not run the type of campaign against the Democrat that typified his son’s two campaigns and that of the current McCain effort .
Ross Perot ’s 1992 candidacy also put two candidates criticizing Bush , which made it easier for Clinton to keep the incumbent on the defensive .
The media ’s favoritism toward George W. Bush in 2000 was explained as a function of Al Gore ’s problematic personality , a point also made about John Kerry in 2004 .
But with the economy in shambles , the nation ’s world image in tatters , and a bright , people - oriented Democratic candidate in 2008 , many suspected the traditional media would provide far fairer and balanced coverage this year .
But as shown by its failure to vet Sarah Palin , this suspicion proved overly optimistic .
And although many publications are now doing an excellent job uncovering the truth about her record , this occurred after positive impressions ( based on false claims ) were allowed to solidify , diminishing the value of such stories .
It is not that the traditional media got “ played ” by the McCain camp over Sarah Palin ’s lack of qualifications ; rather , this media is part of the Republican presidential game , resurfacing every four years to help divert public attention from the nation ’s growing problems .
Far more people get their information from the Internet in 2008 than in prior presidential election years , and this plus a great ground game is why Barack Obama should be able to overcome the traditional media ’s pro-Republican bias .
Filed under : Archive
Barack Obama greeted members of the Tampa Bay Rays in Florida US Republican presidential candidate John McCain has accused his rival , Barack Obama , of supporting both teams playing in the baseball World Series .
The baseball championship series begins on Wednesday , and both teams - the Tampa Bay Rays and the Philadelphia Phillies - are from key swing states .
Senator McCain said Mr Obama backed the Phillies when in Pennsylvania and rooted for Tampa Bay when in Florida .
But the Obama campaign said that its candidate was a Chicago White Sox fan .
Speaking in Pennsylvania , Mr McCain said : " Now , I 'm not dumb enough to get mixed up in a World Series between swing states .
" But I think I may have detected a little pattern with Senator Obama .
It 's pretty simple really .
When he 's campaigning in Philadelphia , he roots for the Phillies , and when he 's campaigning in Tampa Bay , he ' shows love ' to the Rays .
" It 's kind of like the way he campaigns on tax cuts , but then votes for tax increases after he 's elected . "
' Love to the Rays ' Campaigning on Monday in Tampa , Mr Obama was joined at a rally by members of the Rays , a team that had just come from last place in the league the previous year to defeat the world champion Boston Red Sox for a place in the World Series .
The Philadelphia Phillies are from the key swing state of Pennsylvania
BBC Sport 's World Series preview
He told the crowd : " I 've said from the beginning that I am a unity candidate , bringing people together .
So when you see a White Sox fan showing love to the Rays - and the Rays showing some love back - you know we are on to something right here . "
But Obama spokesman Bill Burton said although the Democrat " said nice things about the members " of the Rays who were endorsing him , " that does n't change his feelings about the fact that they bounced his White Sox out of the playoffs " .
During the National League playoffs last week , Mr Obama said he was " going to have to root for Philly " because his campaign manager , David Plouffe , " is a fanatical Phillies fan , and I do n't want him mad at me for the next few weeks " .
Mr McCain supports the Arizona Diamondbacks , from his home state , who did not make the playoffs this year .
The World Series is widely followed in America , and the television audience for the last presidential debate was lower than usual because a key game was televised at the same time .
The series , which can last up to seven games , will conclude in the final full week of campaigning .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The United States Government to Take Over the Banking System
I previously wrote about the president considering a take over the banking system here , and it now appears as though this is going to happen .
The bailout bill gave Paulson the authority to do whatever the hell he wanted to do with $ 1 trillion .
And he has begun to spend it .
The federal government is now poised to take over the top nine banks in the country .
Treasury essentially forced the nine major U.S. banks to agree to take $ 125 billion from the federal government .
Treasury will buy $ 25 billion in preferred stock from Bank of America — including Merrill Lynch — as well as J.P. Morgan and Citigroup ; between $ 20 billion and $ 25 billion from Wells Fargo & Co. ; $ 10 billion from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley ; $ 3 billion from Bank of New York Mellon ; and about $ 2 billion from State Street .
The remainder will be available to small - and medium - size institutions that apply for an investment .
This is a socialization of the banking system no matter how you look at it .
The move , in effect a partial nationalization of the banking system , does put the United States in the awkward position of owning shares in institutions it also regulates .
The shares purchased by the government will be nonvoting .
They also give the government a priority in getting paid back if a company fails .
The president has assured us ( whatever that is worth ) that this is only temporary .
He claims that this is not an attack on the free market .
“ The government ’s role will be limited and temporary , ” Bush pledged .
“ These measures are not intended to take over the free market but to preserve it . ”
Even as the president claims that he is saving the free market , the government is taking it over .
A direct contradiction .
We are supposed to believe that it will only be temporary , how many times has a government willingly given back power that it stole from the people ?
But , historically , it ’s often hard to undo new rules in Washington after businesses , consumers and policy makers adjust to changes .
The government will never give up this new power , we are slipping into socialism and it is almost probably too late to stop it .
The more that we hear about this bailout bill the worse it gets .
The president made it his staple to protect America after 9/11 and he did , but he has done almost as much to undermine America and her form of government in the last two months as he did to protect her the last eight years .
While he has protected us from enemies abroad , he has sold us out to the enemies of free market , capitalism from within .
The result of this is the rise of Barack Obama , under whom the socialization of America will only be expedited .
America as we know it is slipping away and I am not sure that it can be reversed , somehow it seems a majority of Americans have accepted socialism and I am not even sure that they realize it .
Barack Obama fits perfectly in that America and that is what has me worried .
I have defended the president through thick and thin but I cannot defend him on this one .
I am just too damned pissed off about it .
As the momentum builds for Barack Obama and it looks as though he may be headed to a landslide victory in November I ca n’t help but think of a line from Star Wars , Revenge of the Sith .
The line was meant as a shot at President Bush and at the time I thought that is was ludicrous , but now I find it apt , “ So this is how democracy ends , with thunderous applause . ”
Welcome to Obama - world .
Help us Protect the Vote .
Gifts doubled until midnight Wednesday !
Nouriel Roubini was correct about the Wall Street problems well before they came tumbling down .
Nothing is carved in stone but considering his previous predictions related to this economic cycle , I ’m listening .
The US economy is entering a two - year recession that will be longer and deeper than previously feared , said Nouriel Roubini , a well - known economist and professor at New York University .
“ I believe we ’re going to have two years of negative economic growth , ” Roubini said on CNBC .
“ The last two recessions lasted only eight months each … This time around this is going to be three times as long , three times as deep .
This is going to be the worst recession the US has experienced since the 1980s . ”
A slowdown in global economic growth combined with continued problems in credit markets and housing will haunt the economy , Roubini said .
In addition , he sees hundreds of hedge funds getting wiped out , combining with earnings to provide another weight on stocks .
“ I believe that the worst is still ahead of us .
I think that the next few weeks and months are going to be negative surprises on the economy , ” he said .
“ I think that overall the earnings are going to surprise to the downside . ”
An expected short recession will be replaced by a reality of a longer and more drawn - out slowdown , Roubini said .
An advantage to Manchester Appliance Repair www.manchesterappliancerepair.com can improve the resale value of your appliance .
If you upgrade your appliance with fresh brand - new enhancements or restorations on your own , you can save a lot of cash .
Many people even find appliance improvement job to create a pleasurable activity .
As you review , you will certainly see some excellent suggestions to help you discover your instructions with appliance improvement .
Improving your home appliance ’s energy efficiency is a type of appliance enhancement that could supply considerable returns in both the brief and also long term .
Possible renovations to consider are : mounting solar panels on your roofing system , cavity wall surface insulation , loft space insulation and replacing any single - glazed windows with double - glazed and even triple - glazed windows .
Getting rid of outdated wallpaper is an appliance enhancement that can completely transform the inside of your home .
If you have money to spend , the most effective means to remove wallpaper would be to get a business stream wallpaper stripper .
If , nevertheless , you get on a limited budget , fill a spray bottle with a mix of warm water and also fabric softener and also completely fill the wallpaper .
Leave the wallpaper for a few minutes after that thoroughly peel with a putty blade .
Make sure to have a service provider or electrical expert install a power electrical outlet in the cupboard above where the microwave will certainly go .
If you do not do this , you will be struggling to discover a place to plug it in during or after the setup of the microwave as well as hood vent .
If lubricating substance alone does n’t resolve your door squeaking troubles , attempt making use of cable woollen .
Simply remove the hinge from the door and dismantle it by eliminating the pin in the facility .
Wipe away any kind of dust , corrosion , and also any other excess debris with the woollen and also replace the hinge pin and also return the hinge to the door .
After that apply lubricating substance .
If you are trying to find home appliance enhancement , do n’t fail to remember the outdoors areas of your home appliance too .
If you like fish , you might wish to consider placing in a Koi fish pond .
They look lovely , as well as they can be personalized to match the look of your backyard or be made the centerpiece .
Applianceowners undertaking significant remodelling service high - value appliances ought to involve an architect .
While their solutions are pricey , designers make back their price on huge , intricate jobs .
They assist applianceowners handle complicated work including multiple service providers as well as sub- contractors as well as have the visual sensibilities which can protect and also increase the marketplace value of an expensive device .
Produce a strategy before starting a landscape design task to make certain that fits with the look of your home appliance .
A yard and outdoor patio that match the style of your home appliance will assist bring the entire residential or commercial property with each other , while clashing styles will look unplanned and also unsightly .
When trying to find a person to assist you with appliance improvements , do your research study .
This is important since you do not want an inexperienced or unskilled individual servicing your home appliance .
Ask around for a great worker from friends and family or browse the web as well as seek evaluations on device specialists in your location .
If you are considering hanging wallpaper in your bathroom , laundry room , or cooking area , opt for wet - look vinyl .
This kind of wallpaper has the ability to hold up against sprays , sprinkles , and splatters and also is likewise ideal for usage in devices in also the most moist climate .
Make sure to clean and smooth the wall surface area prior to hanging vinyl , however , as any blemishes may reveal via .
Is your kitchen looking a little bland ?
One way to make your cooking area look good once more is to put in new kitchen area faucets .
New taps can make your kitchen area actually glow .
Taps add a touch of style and beauty to your home appliance and are reasonably inexpensive , making them a budget - friendly means to add course to your appliance .
Exist bare spots in your grass with no grass ?
Make use of some lawn seeds to replant parts of your grass .
This will provide your appliance a lovely appearance .
Renew your lawn today .
Make sure to highlight your appliance ’s ideal functions or marketing factors .
Try not to enclose any type of panoramas !
Regardless of what , you will certainly constantly want to maximize the appliance ’s key selling factors .
This will certainly help purchasers see your residence as the distinct as well as gorgeous appliance that it is .
Make sure you have correct tools for the jobs you want to do .
It is fairly common to have a selection of house devices , however if you run out of painter ’s tape , your living room might not appear as immaculate as you really hoped .
Keep a supply on things you may require , and also constantly grab a lot more when required .
Get in touch with your regional electrical and / or gas firm to see if you may get a give to weatherize your device .
In the interest of conserving energy , your heating as well as cooling company may protect your attic room , weatherstrip your doors and windows and also even replace your ancient heating & cooling system .
Take a minute to ask !
Prior to you begin any upgrade or restoration , make sure you have an approach for eliminating the garbage that the task will develop .
If you need to destroy wall surfaces or other parts of your appliance , the resulting particles requires to be relocated and also disposed of in an effective way .
When you start , reserve some area for this particles .
Switch your thermostat to a programmable design for a very easy upgrade that will certainly conserve you money on your power bills .
These thermostats can be readied to immediately change the temperature based on the time of day , so your heater or ac system will certainly run less typically when you go to job or institution or while you are resting .
If you plan to market your device in the future , you ought to prevent costly home appliance - renovation projects that cater to your distinct personal tastes .
Such jobs will certainly usually be a waste of cash in the sense that they will not similarly raise the value of the appliance .
As an example , setting up pricey tailor - made restroom tiles from Italy is a bad selection for a appliance - improvement project due to the fact that possible customers will rarely agree with you on their value .
Possible purchasers will certainly have their very own personal tastes as well as will certainly currently be intending to include their preferences into their own jobs .
Home appliance renovation projects are great for several reasons .
They provide you a sense of achievement , can make living in your appliance less complicated and also can increase your appliance ’s value .
You simply might be able to improve your appliance as well as conserve money with these tips .
User profile : 175922 Blog The Kernel As A Model Why Open Source Works
This is 175922 Blog The Kernel As A Model Why Open Source Works 's personal page .
175922 Blog The Kernel As A Model Why Open Source Works
CHICAGO , Illinois ( CNN ) --
The body found inside an SUV Monday morning has been confirmed to be Oscar - winning actress Jennifer Hudson 's 7 - year - old nephew , a top FBI official said .
The white SUV where the child 's body was found is taken away to be examined by investigators .
more photos »
The medical examiner positively identified the body found in the white Chevrolet Suburban as Julian King , Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said Monday afternoon .
Julian had been shot to death , said police spokeswoman Monique Bond .
Police are collecting evidence from the Suburban and reviewing surveillance tapes from all over the city as the investigation continues , Weis told reporters .
" There 's a lot of work to be done .
We 'll be sure we go through this thoroughly , " he said .
Asked about possible motives , Weis said , " We do n't know what the motive really was at this time .
But , clearly you have people who do know each other , so it was n't a case of a stranger - type homicide . "
Earlier Monday Deputy Chief Cmdr. Wayne Gulliford said police found the body inside a parked white Chevy Suburban with a license plate matching the description in the child 's Amber Alert , after responding to " a call about a suspicious auto " on Chicago 's West Side at approximately 7 a.m .
He had no details on the body , pending the medical examiner 's report .
Julian has been missing since Hudson 's mother and brother were found dead in their home Friday .
Watch police say they 've ID'd the body »
Over the weekend , Hudson offered a $ 100,000 reward for the safe return of her nephew .
" Please keep praying for our family and that we get Julian King back home safely , " Hudson said in a posting on her MySpace page Sunday .
" If anyone has any information about his whereabouts please contact the authorities immediately . "
Fact Box  Julian King , 7 , is Jennifer Hudson 's nephew and Julia Balfour 's son
 Julia Balfour is Jennifer Hudson 's sister and Julian 's mother
 Julia Balfour 's estranged husband is William Balfour , who is in police custody
 Michele Davis - Balfour is William Balfour 's mother
 Jennifer Hudson 's mother Darnell Donerson and brother Jason Hudson were found shot to death Friday in Chicago
Hudson also posted two pictures of her nephew wearing the brown - and - orange striped polo shirt he was wearing when he was last seen .
Earlier , Hudson viewed the bodies of her mother , Darnell Donerson , and brother , Jason Hudson , the Cook County medical examiner 's office told CNN on Sunday .
They were found shot to death Friday in their South Side Chicago home .
Watch the latest on the Hudson case »
Julian 's stepfather , William Balfour , was detained over the weekend for questioning in connection with the case , a police spokesperson told CNN .
He was subsequently transferred to prison on a parole violation charge , the spokesperson said .
No charges had been filed against anyone in connection with the murders .
According to the Illinois Department of Corrections , Balfour , 27 , spent nearly seven years in prison for attempted murder , vehicular hijacking and possessing a stolen vehicle .
Chicago news station WLS reported Saturday that Julian was not with Balfour when he was detained .
Jennifer Hudson  Born : September 12 , 1981 , Chicago , Illinois
 TV : Rose to fame on third season of " American Idol " ; despite finishing seventh , she developed a strong fan base
 Movies : " Dreamgirls " ( 2006 ) ; " Sex and the City : The Movie " ( 2008 ) ; " The Secret Life of Bees " ( 2008 )
 Music : " Jennifer Hudson " ( 2008 ) , released September 30
 Honors : Academy Award for best supporting actress for " Dreamgirls " ; Golden Globe for best supporting actress for " Dreamgirls "
Hudson 's sister , Julia Balfour , made an emotional appeal Saturday for the safe return of her son .
" My greatest fear has already happened , my greatest hope is for having my child .
I just want my son , " Julia Balfour said .
" That 's all I have to say .
Just let my baby go . "
William Balfour 's mother , Michele Davis - Balfour , also urged the public to focus on finding Julian and said her son had nothing to do with the slayings .
" Out of no means did my son do this .
This heinous crime to this family is unbelievable .
It 's unbearable , " Davis - Balfour told WLS .
Watch Davis - Balfour 's emotional appeal »
Deputy Police Chief Joseph Patterson said the bodies of Hudson 's mother and brother were found about 3 p.m. Friday , when a relative arrived and found the body of a woman on the living room floor .
The relative backed out of the house and called police , Patterson said .
Authorities found a man shot to death in a bedroom .
The Cook County medical examiner 's office said Saturday that Donerson and Jason Hudson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and ruled the deaths homicides .
Neighbors reported hearing gunshots earlier Friday , Patterson said .
Authorities found no signs of forced entry to the home and were not sure whether other items were missing .
Watch the scene outside the house »
" You 've got two people who were killed inside a home .
That alone will produce a great deal of evidence , " Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said of forensic evidence at the crime scene .
Hudson won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her portrayal of Effie in the film version of the Broadway musical " Dreamgirls . "
She competed on the third season of " American Idol " in 2004 , making it to the top seven contestants before being eliminated from the contest .
CNN 's Susan Roesgen and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .
All About Chicago • Jennifer Hudson
Norway 's leading consumer advocate wants to bring down Apple 's " walled garden " between the iPod music player and the iTunes online retail store .
Bjorn Erik
Thon , Norway 's consumer ombudsman , says he is going to ask the country 's Market Council -- a court that has legal authority to make companies change their business practices -- to force Apple to allow competition within the iTunes - iPod ecosphere .
( Source : guardian.co.uk )
Currently , Apple 's iPod is the only portable device that can sync with iTunes and the iTunes store .
Since its launch in 2003 , The iTunes Store , Apple 's online retail arm , has become the No. 1 music retailer in America , and is quickly becoming a strong competitor worldwide .
( Source : latimes.com )
Thon and other critics believe this structure creates an unfair monopoly for Apple 's digital music player .
" It 's a consumer 's right to transfer and play digital content bought and downloaded from the Internet to the music device he himself chooses to use , " Thon said .
" ITunes makes this impossible or at least difficult , and hence they act in breach of Norwegian law . " ( Source : iht.com )
Thon has pressuring Apple to change its strategy for over two years now .
According to Thon the company , while receptive to his concept , has done little to change their business model .
Thon argues that Norway is not alone in advocating for this change , and he says he has support from many European countries including Finland , France , Germany and the Netherlands .
The European Union 's consumer commissioner , Meglena Kuneva , is reportedly in line with Norway 's proposal as well , which means that , if passed , Norway 's test case could become EU policy .
It 's too early to tell whether this effort will affect North American customers , but a substantial move against Apple 's DRM - like digital music store structure has the potential to affect users worldwide .
Apple has faced immense pressure in the past few years to liberalize its policies ; earlier this year the company moved to lower retail prices in the UK after being pressured by the EU to adopt European prices in the island country .
Even some artists , like AC / DC and Kid Rock , refuse to sell their music on iTunes .
( Source : telegraph.co.uk )
i Tunes started selling DRM - free music last year after Steve Jobs ' famous open letter to advocate a restructuring of the digital music business .
Some record labels were hostile towards Jobs ' concept , saying it threatened their already fragile industry .
Now , Apple may be forced to accept a similar change to its own business practices .
It has been a long - running joke amongst gamers that Mac users tend to wallow in a dearth of gaming options .
While that perception may have been true in the past , the tides are definitely turning for the gaming Mac user .
This post is a preview of our upcoming in - depth MacBook Pro review , and highlights the impressive performance that these machines have achieved in several popular PC games .
One of the most distinctive features of the new MacBook Pro is the inclusion of both an integrated and discrete mobile graphics card .
The former is the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M with 256MB of DDR3 SDRAM and the latter is an NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT with 512MB of DDR3 SDRAM .
The MacBook Pro's NVIDIA 9600M GT , photo courtesy of The MacBook Pro's NVIDIA 9600M GT , photo courtesy of iFixit
In Mac OS X , the two units can be switched back and forth ( albeit with a log - out in between ) for a tradeoff between performance and battery life .
In Windows Vista , though , you 're stuck in the better of the two video cards and with the corresponding disadvantage when it comes to battery life .
With the introduction of this substantial video hardware in these professional - level notebooks , we found it important to quantify the level of power Apple has packed in .
Methodology
To benchmark the MacBook Pro's PC gaming performance , we installed Windows Vista Home Premium under Apple 's Boot Camp and two popular games , BioShock and Portal , and ran them through their paces at various resolutions and quality levels .
We recorded the frame rate in a series of samples using a software tool called Fraps .
We calculated the percentage of samples where the frame rate had dropped below 30 frames per second , the percentage of samples where the frame rate exceeded 60 frames per second , and the percentage of frames that fell in between .
Playing BioShock on the MacBook Pro in Windows Vista Playing BioShock on the MacBook Pro in Windows Vista
The general idea is that in shooter games of this nature , gaming will be most enjoyable when frame rates are between 30 and 60 frames per second .
Being above 60 is not so bad , and below 30 is not desirable .
BioShock
In BioShock , the horizontal frame locking ( where the frame rate is locked to multiples of 30 frames per second ) was disabled and all quality settings were maximized .
We allowed the game to control the anti-aliasing settings as there were no in - game controls .
We ran through the opening " Crash Site " scene to the point where the character submerged in the Bathysphere — about two minutes of moderately complex scenes .
We tested under three resolutions and the above settings : 1024x768 , 1280x720 ( wide screen ) , and 1440x900 ( widescreen and native resolution of the LCD ) .
BioShock - Highest Quality 1024x768 1280x720 ( ws ) 1440x900 ( ws ) Lowest Acceptable Frame Rate 30 30 30 Highest Acceptable Frame Rate 60 60 60 Percent of Frames < 30 0 % 12 % 49 % Percent of Frames between 30 and 60 63 % 76 % 48 % Percent of Frames > 60 37 % 11 % 3 % Average Frame Rate 58.4 45.0 32.3
Playing BioShock on a new MacBook Pro
The MacBook Pro performed excellently in this fairly - demanding game , playing best under the 1280x720 resolution , but not doing so bad under the native resolution of the LCD .
Game play under all conditions was very pleasurable and the few instances of " hiccups " or frame tearing was minor .
Locking the horizontal frame rate rendered the game very enjoyable to play .
BioShock runs in the Unreal 3 engine , and performance is somewhat indicative of many modern PC games like Unreal Tournament 3 .
Portal
While not the most demanding of games , Portal represents a fun and extremely popular game released late last year .
We ran through the first two levels of the game ; about two minutes of fairly simple scenes .
We ran these tests at 1024x768 with no anti-aliasing , 1152x720 with no anti-aliasing , 1152x720 with 4xMSAA , and 1152x720 with 8xMSAA .
All tests were run with all detail settings at their highest values .
Portal - Highest Quality 1024x768 1152x720 1152x720 4x 1152x720 8x Lowest Acceptable Frame Rate 30 30 30 30 Highest Acceptable Frame Rate 60 60 60 60 Percent of Frames < 30 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % Percent of Frames between 30 and 60 0 % 0 % 2 % 25 % Percent of Frames > 60 100 % 100 % 98 % 75 % Average Frame Rate 149.4 118.3 92.4 71.0
It 's fairly evident that games such as Portal pose no real challenge to the hardware in the new MacBook Pro. Portal runs on Valve 's Source engine , but due to its simple nature , is not directly comparable to its big brother Half - Life 2 .
However , good performance in the Source engine should directly translate to good performance in one of the this year 's more hotly anticipated PC games , Left 4 Dead .
It 's important to note here that , while no serious gamer is going to be trading in his or her main gaming machine for a MacBook Pro any time soon , this level of performance in such a compact form - factor and at this price - point is pretty impressive .
The new MacBook Pro is definitely up to the task of gaming on the road or for use at LAN parties when lugging around a desktop machine finally starts making your back hurt .
Hey , we all age at some point .
In our full review of the MacBook Pro coming in a few days , we 'll be exploring many more facets of the machine , including benchmarks in OS X and more games ( including Half - Life 2 , episode 2 ) in Windows Vista .
Stay tuned !
McGill University researchers have discovered a new state of matter , a quasi - three - dimensional electron crystal , in a material very much like those used in the fabrication of modern transistors .
This discovery could have momentous implications for the development of new electronic devices .
Currently , the number of transistors that can be inexpensively crammed onto a single computer chip increases exponentially , doubling approximately every two years , a trend known as Moore 's Law .
But there are limits , experts say .
As chips get smaller and smaller , scientists expect that the bizarre laws and behaviours of quantum physics will take over , making ever - smaller chips impossible .
This discovery , and other similar efforts , could help the electronics industry once traditional manufacturing techniques approach these quantum limits over the next decade or so , the researchers said .
Working with one of the purest semiconductor materials ever made , they discovered the quasi - three - dimensional electron crystal in a device cooled at ultra- low temperatures roughly 100 times colder than intergalactic space .
The material was then exposed to the most powerful continuous magnetic fields generated on Earth .
Their results were published in the October issue of the journal Nature Physics .
Two - dimensional electron crystals were discovered in the laboratory in the 1990s , and were predicted as far back as 1934 by renowned Hungarian physicist Eugene Wigner .
" Picture a sandwich , and the ham in the middle is your electrons , " explained Dr. Guillaume Gervais , director of McGill 's Ultra - Low Temperature Condensed Matter Experiment Lab .
" In a 2D electron crystal , the electrons are squeezed between two materials and they 're very two dimensional .
They can move on a plane , like billiard balls on a pool table , but there 's no up and down motion .
There 's a thickness , but they 're stuck . "
Until an accidental discovery during one of Gervais 's earliest ultra-low temperature experiments in 2005 , however , no one predicted the existence of quasi - three - dimensional electron crystals .
advertisement
" We decided to tweak the two - dimensionality by applying a very large magnetic field , using the largest magnet in the world at the Magnet Lab in Florida , " he said .
" You only have access to it for about five days a year , and on the third day , something totally unexpected popped . "
Gervais's " pop " was the startling transformation of a two - dimensional electron system inside the semiconducting material into a quasi - three - dimensional system , something existing theory did not predict .
" It 's actually not quite 3 - D , it 's an in - between state , a totally new phenomenon , " he said .
" This is the kind of thing the theoreticians love .
Now they 're scratching their heads and trying to fine - tune their models . "
The importance of this discovery to micro-electronics and computing could be profound .
Since the invention of the integrated circuit in 1958 , Moore 's Law has powered the ever - accelerating home electronics , personal computer and Internet revolutions which have changed the world .
But , Gervais explained , Moore 's Law is not an irresistible force , and some time in the next decade , it will inevitably collide with the immovable object of the laws of physics .
" In a standard transistor , you have a gate and the electron flow is controlled by it like a a faucet would control a gas flow , " he said .
" You can understand the particles as independent units , which lets us treat them as ones and zeroes or on and off switches in digital computing .
" However , once you get down to the nano scale , quantum forces kick in and the electrons may condense into a collective state and lose their individual nature .
Then all sorts of bizarre phenomena pop up .
In some cases , the electrons may even split .
Concepts of ' on ' and ' off ' lose all meaning under these conditions . "
" This issue is academic , but it 's not just academic .
The same semiconductor materials we 're working with are currently used in cellphones and other electronic devices .
We need to understand quantum effects so we can use them to our own advantage and perhaps reinvent the transistor altogether .
That way , progress in electronics will keep happening . "
Undecided on Prop 8 in California ?
Consider this sad story .
With the election around the corner here in California and Proposition 8 regarding same sex civil unions being on the ballot in California – I thought this was an important story to share .
I have been a Berevement and Hospice volunteer for a number of years .
Today I visited with a gay man who was dying and on hospice .
This mans biggest fear was not that he was dying , it was what was going to happen to his partner of 30 years .
Because they were gay his life partner could or would lose everything to some other people .
Here are two people who have shared 30 years together and the system says they have no legal rights .
What is also sad is the surviving partner has no say in the funeral arrangements .
Somehow I feel a great deal of injustice in all of this .
MANCHESTER , New Hampshire ( CNN ) -- Allen Raymond is living proof that political dirty tricksters do exist .
" I had a responsibility to my family , " says Allen Raymond about his decision cooperate with investigators .
The former Republican political operative went to federal prison after he pleaded guilty to charges of phone harassment .
He jammed the phone lines of New Hampshire 's Democratic Party on Election Day six years ago .
" The concept was to disrupt lines of communication .
That 's a fancy way of saying , ' make it so the phones did n't work , ' " Raymond said recently .
" No calls going out .
No calls going in . "
We 're not going to give away exactly how Raymond did it .
According to federal prosecutors , two top Republican Party officials tapped Raymond 's Virginia - based telemarketing firm for the operation .
Raymond then contracted out the job to a private phone bank in Idaho .
Former New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairwoman Kathy Sullivan remembers the ensuing flood of hang - up calls that created havoc in her office .
" At first , people had various impressions about what was going on , " Sullivan recalled .
" For example , at the Manchester field office , the young man who opened the office thought , ' The phones are all ringing off the hook .
Nobody 's here .
I 've broken the phone system .
What did I do wrong ? '
And he was on the verge of tears . "
Raymond details how he jammed the system »
The operation also jammed the lines inside a firefighter 's union hall in Manchester , New Hampshire , where Jeff Duval and other local firefighters were lining up car rides to help senior citizens get to the polls .
" It almost felt to me like an election might have been stolen , " Duval said .
" I know for a fact that we received calls a few days later from people saying ' we tried to call you . '
And I say ' did you get out and vote ? '
And they said ' no . ' " iReport.com :
Are you voting early ?
Share your story
' American Morning '
All this week CNN's " American Morning " examines the potential voting problems in key battleground states in the special series , " Count the Vote . "
Weekdays , 6 a.m. ET see full schedule »
Looking back , Raymond said , he thinks the scheme was ingenious in an " evil genius sort of way . "
In his book , " How to Rig an Election : Confessions of a Republican Operative , " Raymond details how he got caught .
An hour and a half into the jamming operation he received an e-mail from a Republican official , frantically telling him to shut down the calls .
The e-mail read : " Chairman wishes not to proceed with this project ... insists it violates federal law . "
Federal agents eventually paid a visit to Raymond 's office .
Raymond decided to come clean about his role in the operation and cooperate with investigators .
" I felt like I had an obligation , and not obligation to my country or obligation to the people in New Hampshire , nothing like that , " Raymond said .
" I had a responsibility to my family . "
One of Raymond 's alleged co-conspirators , James Tobin , was a top official with the National Republican Senatorial Committee that year .
He went on to serve as George W. Bush 's Northeastern regional re-election chairman in 2004 .
Tobin was initially convicted .
But he succeeded in having that decision overturned by an appellate court .
Just last week , Tobin was again indicted in the case on two counts of making false statements to a federal agent .
His lawyer had no comment .
Another co-conspirator and former chairman of New Hampshire 's Republican Party , Charles McGee , pleaded guilty to phone harassment in the case and served seven months in prison .
Democrats insist that the phone jamming operation in New Hampshire had national implications .
The balance of power in the U.S. Senate was on the line that year and the Senate race between Democrat Jeanne Shaheen and Republican John Sununu was decided by just 19,000 .
Sununu won .
Some state Democrats remain convinced that the phone jamming operation resulted in some votes lost .
" I think they were willing to do whatever it took to win , even if that meant breaking the law , " Sullivan said .
" Even if that meant suppressing the votes .
So if that means they were trying to steal the election , yes , then they were trying to steal the election . "
Conservative author and Wall Street Journal columnist John Fund points out that there are dirty tricksters in both parties .
" No party has a monopoly on virtue , " Fund said .
Fund has also written a book about the problem , " Stealing Elections : How Voter Fraud Threatens our Democracy . "
His book focuses on the allegations facing more liberal groups like ACORN .
Officials at the polls are unprepared for what could be a record turnout on Election Day , according to Fund .
" We need a lot more poll workers this time to handle the enormous crush of new voters , " Fund said .
" We need more poll watchers and monitors , on both sides , to make sure each side is watching the other . "
Allen Raymond learned that winning elections at all costs can come at a heavy price .
" I'm a felon , " Raymond said .
" I think about it everyday .
Every day , everything that I do every day , I try to do in such a way that makes up for that mistake . "
Raymond does n't plan to stop talking about his trip to the political dark side .
He said a major Hollywood studio plans to begin production on a film version of his cautionary tale .
All About U.S. Presidential Election
The story of “ ” revolves around a German Shepherd ( ) , who has lived his whole life on the set of his action TV show , where he believes he has superpowers .
When separated from the studio by accident , he meets Mr. Mittens ( actually a female cat ) and a hamster named Rhino .
Along the way , he learns that he does n’t have superpowers and that the show is not realistic .
will be making his directorial debut with “ Bolt , ” but has previously wrote scripts for otherfilms like “ ” and “ . ” “ Bolt ” will hit the theaters November 21th 2008 .
As you 'll see from the list of people involved , this is n't about DC or Marvel .
This is n't about competition .
It ’s about the comic community as a whole , pulling together for a place that launched so many of our best dreams .
FAQ
bid online for original Superman and comic book art and items by top writers and artists
buy a Siegel & Shuster Society t- shirt ( designed by the legendary graphic designer Chip Kidd )
or just donate to the good cause .
It is my pleasure to announce in this Journal the big unveiling of The Siegel & Shuster Society , which Mr. G is supporting , and its attempt to save the house where Superman was created .
You can see all the details at their charitable website www.OrdinaryPeopleChangeTheWorld.com
Brad Meltzer writes :
The first draft of Mr. G's Waterstones story card is currently up for auction on ebay to benefit the cause .
There are badges you can place on your blog or attach to your email signature to help spread the word as well : Today is the official launch of The Siegel & Shuster Society , with a celebrity charity auction that 'll raise money to preserve the home of Jerry Siegel , creator of Superman .
When you go to Brad Meltzer 's charitable website www.OrdinaryPeopleChangeTheWorld.com , you can :
The best way to show it is here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25R2kcJxQuc
All proceeds go to the restoration of the Siegel house .
This is a coming together of an entire community .
The full list includes : Stephen Colbert , Jim Lee , Brian Michael Bendis , Brad Meltzer , Geoff Johns , Richard Donner , Joe Quesada , Neil Gaiman , Alex Ross , Dave Gibbons , Jeph Loeb , Murphy Anderson , Ed Brubaker , John Cassaday , Gene Ha , Greg Rucka , George Perez , Michael Turner , Adam Kubert , Andy Kubert , Judd Winick , Frank Cho , Eric Powell , Tim Sale , Walt Simonson , Joe Staton , Eric Wight , Dave Mandel , Mike Mignola , Rags Morales , Bill Morrison , Ivan Reis , John Romita Jr. , Jason Palmer , Amanda Conner , Geoff Darrow , Ron Garney , Renato Guedes , Heroes , Dave Johnson , Chris Bachalo , Mike Bair , Allen Bellman , Dan Brereton , Ernie Chan , Travis Charest , and Ian Churchill , YOU , and even Jerry Siegel ( see below ) .
While researching his new novel , The Book of Lies , Brad Meltzer visited the boyhood home of Jerry Siegel in Cleveland , Ohio , where Superman was created .
As Meltzer says , " The house where Google was founded is preserved .
The garage where Hewlett Packard was founded is protected .
But the house where Superman was born ?
I was in shock . "
After contacting dozens of comic book creators -- and thanks to the hard work of many in the city of Cleveland -- The Siegel & Shuster Society was created and is dedicated to commemorating and celebrating the creation of Superman in Cleveland by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster .
" I think sometimes people take things like this for granted because it started in cartoon form , but this is a house were modern mythology was created , " Brain Michael Bendis adds .
" Mythology that will never die away or disappear .
There is no difference , to me , between this house and Mark Twain 's house .
We have to honor and exalt such creation .
"
You can win a walk - on part on Heroes , VIP seats to the Colbert Report , original Superman art ( go see the art ! ) , have your name in Bendis or Brubaker or Rucka 's comic , or Meltzer 's next novel .
There 's a rare original pre-Superman movie script from Geoff Johns , signed by Richard Donner .
And Joanne Siegel told Meltzer that before Jerry Siegel died , he signed six Superman t- shirts that no one ever knew existed -- and then told her that if their family ever needed money , she should sell the shirts .
Instead , she donated one of them to be auctioned off here .
The signature is on a Superman : Quest For Peace ( ! ) t- shirt .
C'mon , baby , it 's Jerry Siegel on a Quest for Peace shirt !
Forward the video ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25R2kcJxQuc ) .
Go buy a Siegel & Shuster Society t- shirt .
They 're cool .
They 're designed by Chip Kidd .
They can't be bought anywhere else .
Bid on some of the auctions and spread the word by sharing the video , sigs , and www.OrdinaryPeopleChangeTheWorld.com auction with your facebook , myspace , and live - breathing friends .
Depends on how successful we are .
Phase 1 involves working on the exterior of the house : securing the roof , making sure the paint is n't rotting , doing the concrete work .
That will hopefully protect the place from the outside .
Joe Shuster 's house ( a few blocks away ) was in such disrepair , it was torn down .
The first goal is to collect $ 50,000 to deal with the outside .
If we do that , then we 'll go and tackle the much - needed - repairs on the inside .
The house is located in one of the tougher neighborhoods of Cleveland and is currently occupied by a couple who have lived there for approximately 20 years , who have put up with all of us who have come visiting , but who do n't have the money to do these repairs .
Rather than kick anyone out on the street , the goal is to repair this place for them .
Why ?
It 's the right thing to do .
In return , The Siegel & Shuster Society has the right to buy the house when it eventually goes up for sale .
The long - term goal is still being decided , and that 's why you 're invited to join The Siegel & Shuster Society and help us with those plans .
Meetings are held monthly in Cleveland -- when you buy a shirt , they 'll have your name .
But one of the dreams is that one day , buses full of students will drive from all over Ohio , from Michigan , from any nearby state , and come to the fully - restored house -- covered and decorated with children 's artwork inside -- and see where one of the world 's greatest dreams was born .
Go to www.OrdinaryPeopleChangeTheWorld.com to make it happen .
Labels : a deeper understanding of Mr. G's no comments policy , just out to find the better part of us , this is not my beautiful house
Glad our taxpayer money can keep you in the style to which you 've become accustomed !
Ca n't wait to see what Henry Waxman has to say about this !
Guardian : Financial workers at Wall Street 's top banks are to receive pay deals worth more than $ 70bn ( £ 40bn ) , a substantial proportion of which is expected to be paid in discretionary bonuses , for their work so far this year - despite plunging the global financial system into its worst crisis since the 1929 stock market crash , the Guardian has learned .
Staff at six banks including Goldman Sachs and Citigroup are in line to pick up the payouts despite being the beneficiaries of a $ 700 bn bail - out from the US government that has already prompted criticism .
The government 's cash has been poured in on the condition that excessive executive pay would be curbed .
AMON AMARTH " Twilight of the Thunder God " video
Tags :
VIKING METAL , BEARDS , VIKIKING SHIPS , BATTLES , & FIRE !
That is everything that you will see in the new Amon Amarth video for the song " Twilight of the Thunder God . "
View the video below .
Twilight of the Thunder God comes out next Tuesday , September 30th .
You can pre-order you CD right here
The first track dealt with Reporting the Oil Story , and while the speaker list was strong , including Rob Collier , Bart Anderson of the Energy Bulletin , and Neil King of the WSJ , in the first session – having to sneak through the back of a mass to get to the room may have limited attendance a little .
The second part of that track included presentations by Stuart Leavenworth of the Sacramento Bee ; Lisa Margonelli of the New America foundation ; Tom Whipple , who gives us the Peak Oil Daily News , and Review .
The ASPO conference in Sacramento began here Sunday , September 21 , just after lunch – with a set of three concurrent sessions .
Unfortunately I could only be in one place , and that was tied by structure , so my report on this afternoon is thus a little constrained .
The largest room was set aside for the second track which dealt with Investing in the New Energy Economy .
Jim Hansen Atticus Lowe and Jim Puplava talked in the first session , while Brian Davidson John Kaufmann and Dick Lawrence of ASPO , were in the second .
The “ Oil Drum ” track was the third , and upstairs in the hotel .
While both sessions were full , by the second we were out of even standing room , but despite the crowding the sessions went well .
Unfortunately there were some circumstances that led to a slight change in program , and thus instead of hiding in the back and quietly scribbling , I was out at the front to moderate the first “ Analyses from the Oil Drum ” session of track three .
Gail the Actuary led off the three presentations .
Given the grim news out of Washington this past week , her talk on “ Peak Oil and the Economy ” was given in an attentive silence .
Others have since commented on how cheerful she was presenting what had to be one of the more pessimistic of her presentations , beginning her presentation with her definition of an actuary as “ an accountant without a sense of humor . ”
She noted that as oil supply drops , so will likely GDP , based on ( among other things ) an analysis of Robert Hirsch ’s showing that there is approximately a one to one correlation between the change in oil supply and change in GDP .
She went on to point out that our society is built around the concept of continuous growth and prosperity , so that we anticipate paying for our debts with money when we are older , and have a more prosperous condition .
If oil supply is tight , the higher price of food and fuels robs families of their discretionary incomes and that prosperity .
This in turn makes it more difficult to repay debt .
Because of these forces , she considers that either a recession or depression is highly likely .
Once the economy levels off , or starts to decline , societal priorities change .
One can not pay off debts if one is laid off , and while oil prices may not be the total cause of current crises , certainly it is a contributor .
Default rates of all kinds are likely to increase .
This will lead to it becoming harder to borrow money ( including for things such as new oil drilling rigs ) .
Thus smaller oil and gas companies may be hurt , as the economy transitions .
The drop in the value of the dollar will lead to a drop in the standard of living and a lower contribution from Social Security .
The gloom of Gail ’s talk , was not relieved by Charles Watson who talked about how the contribution that he makes to the Oil Drum came about .
His talk was on “ The Vulnerability of the Oil and Gas Industry to Hurricanes and other Hazards . ”
He talked about the power of hurricanes , and that , through time , modeling of their behavior and damage potential has become more accurate .
After having begun with the impact of Ivan , his work has concentrated on the impact on the oil infrastructure , with the loss of platforms that may not be replaced , because the return does not justify the investment .
Hurricanes may not come more frequently , but his models suggest that when they do come , they will be of greater intensity , and will not lose that strength as quickly as they have in the past .
He noted that his results usually predict a little lower damage than those of the National Hurricane Center , but that this is due to a difference in mission .
As a consequence his usually end up as being the more accurate .
Dave Summers then gave a talk on “ The Other Resource Lack – Time and Technology , ” in which he first explained why ( due to well geometry changing ) , he is more pessimistic than many about current depletion rates , which he equated to around 5.2 % .
He then went on to talk about the problems of peaking and then falling supplies of oil and natural gas .
He was a little skeptical of the Pickens Plan to allow a switch to natural gas for driving vehicles , due to a shortage of natural gas , and then slid into a discussion of in - situ combustion , where he showed a tool that could drill laterals out from vertical well bores , based on jet drilling .
Pointing out that while there is a critical need for engineering as part of the solution to the growing oil shortage , he noted that there was a major drop in the interest in high school children in science and engineering , and that at the same time the number of faculty in fossil fuel industries were dropping with very few qualified people available to replace them .
This will limit the ability to find new solutions and apply new technology if we do n't have the background or personnel to either generate the new ideas that are needed , or to implement it .
He also mentioned the potentials for coal : water slurries to replace diesel fuel , and of growing algae underground as having advantages over the only surface economic growth plan , which involves using “ racetracks . ”
After the break Prof .
Goose moderated the second Oil Drum session , with Robert Rapier freshly arrived from Europe , discussing the reliability of information from the major sources available .
He talked of the credible and dubious parts of the information that is available from the EIA , the IEA and CERA .
The EIA is where he goes first to get data , especially concentrating on This week in Petroleum .
But he felt that the EIA was terrible at forecasting either the price of fuel , or the supply quantities that would be available at future times .
He goes to the IEA site second to get information on statistics , and for the most current information on oil supply .
And finally he commented on CERA and the BP Statistical Review .
Jeff Vail then talked about the geopolitical situation and the impact of societal and political events on production .
Just as the easiest oil to extract was the first out , so also , he pointed out that this was in areas where the political climate was most stable .
Pipelines , he felt , have become a step in inducing fixture into the fungibility of oil , and that the vulnerability of this infrastructure is increasingly being taken advantage of by agents of insurrection .
Because of the global internet , knowledge of the vulnerability of the infrastructure is rapidly spreading and we are starting to see the global impact .
The problem has arisen through the growth of feedback loops which inflate the effect of certain terrorist actions .
He felt that we were passed the point where the rate of change in supply had turned negative , and that this is a flag showing the approach of peak oil .
The final speaker of the afternoon was JoulesBurn , who wrote about the way in which he has been able , by tracking from satellite images , to work out the location and condition of oil and gas wells in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
This led to his own blog , and to us .
He talked , with evidence , of the approaching collapse of the Northern section of Ghawar in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
As a result of his study he has some questions on future productivity of Haradh III .
After a reception the meeting then re-convened with Peter Wells giving a talk on why his view of the coming oil production rates was much higher than the estimates that we have come up with .
He had used extensive data files available from IHS , but pointed out that these were not his only source of information .
His predictions did not see a peak until out beyond 2020 , and at that point the world would be at around 105 mbd .
In making the assessment he divided the world into OPEC and non-OPEC groups , with the non-OPEC community having already peaked .
Saudi Arabia , Iran and Iraq have not yet , and he was looking , in this time frame , to see perhaps 5 mbd from Iraq .
He foresaw Saudi Arabia maintaining and increasing production with Enhanced Oil Recovery techniques being introduced before long .
It was certainly a brave presentation -- given the audience he was presenting it to - –and he faced the resulting questions with equanimity .
Oh , and if you want a different view of the conference you might drop in on one of Charles Hall ’s students who is also blogging the conference and may have attended other sessions .
And since I missed some of the sessions , and was involved in part of those described , please provide your own information and views in the comments .
Thanks !
Inflation is a peculiar thing particularly since it is not necessarily innately built into an economy .
Continual inflation is an act of intervention into normal monetary mechanics , unlike supply / demand inflation ; continual inflation is implemented by a very narrow operation of expanding monetary creation , particularly that of the fiat monetary supply .
It has been relatively easy for this government and the Federal Reserve to hide the inflationary monetary policies from the public for decades behind the idea that it is simply a supply and demand issue increasing the price of goods and services in this country , but that ruse is rapidly coming to an end as more of the population is becoming educated to the actual causes of our continual inflationary push .
Of course , there are other factors that can be manipulated to contribute to the ruse of inflation , such as the rising costs associated with raw materials and labor .
Since 1971 , we have seen a continual rise in prices ; year after year there has been a depreciation of the purchasing power of our dollar .
Part of the ruse is that there appears to be much more money floating around , and indeed there is along with more people earning more dollars each year and thus there appears to be a great deal more wealth in our country .
The problem of course is not the number of dollars within an economy , but the actual purchasing power of each dollar that determines wealth .
Under the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , one of the primary objectives listed in that Act is price stability , but what really is price stability and who can appropriately determine a stable level of price .
As we have seen , repeatedly , the FED attempts to determine price through its policies by seeking to balance economic growth on a razor 's edge ; it is an impossible feat as we have seen over the years .
So , what is price anyway ?
In a free - market price is really determined by equilibrium between those who produce the goods and those who consume the goods .
In other words , the market sets the price of goods and services under a free and unencumbered market economy ; the same is true of interest rates in a free market economy .
There are extremely crucial elements within free market economies , which cannot be duplicated although they can be distorted .
Not only are there numerous variables within a free - market economy , but also there are numerous variables of variables that simply cannot be adequately determined , measured or predicted .
In terms of pricing , one thing in particular either compels or restrains price and that is the purchasing power of each dollar within economic circulation at any given moment .
This is particularly true in a fiat monetary economy since continual inflationary pressures brought about by government or central banking intervention into monetary mechanics always plague such systems .
Thus , if we were to take an overall view of pricing throughout the entire economy under a fiat monetary system , we would see a direct correlation between the total monetary stock within that economy and how pricing if effected by that supply .
Since the Federal Reserve has a very limited pallet from which to work , the primary tool that it has used over the last decade has been monetary expansion .
It appears that in the collective mind of the FED that it believes that a continual increase in pricing is essential for economic growth and thus it appears that inflationary pricing is the same , in their collective mind , as stable pricing .
As we have seen through the years , this government and the FED cannot bear the thought of price declines and will do everything they can to assure that there is absolutely little or no deflationary pressure within the economy .
This however , is a very dangerous road to travel upon , as we have seen of late .
Eventually , when the artificially created booms begin to deflation the FED must resort to extraordinary measures , once again , as we have seen in this latest fiat fiasco .
It is essential to understand that under normal circumstances , within a free - market economy , prices are determined as a reciprocal quantity of the supply of goods and services then directly by the demand of consumers for those goods and services .
As we have seen within our economy , there is an overwhelming supply of both goods and services , which , under normal free - market forces would mean a steady decline in pricing .
In some instances , such as computers , we have seen a drop in pricing , that however appears to be the result of technology rather than an actual supply / demand issue .
So , if there is such a huge supply of goods and services within an economy such as ours where is the inflationary push coming from ?
Obviously , it must be coming from the demand side and the primary source for all demand - side inflation is the increased supply of money and therefore the depreciated purchase value of each dollar in circulation .
Since we have determined that the source of our chronic inflation , particularly over the last 37 years , has been the steady increase in the monetary supply then it is important to understand who controls that supply .
As we know , the FED controls the supply , has , over nearly four decades , increased that supply enormously , and has done so not necessarily due to a growing demand for money but as a political expediency to fuel a rapidly growing federal government and maintain its political agendas and policies on the domestic front and around the world .
We should understand that government has always sought to control money because with that control breeds a power that rivals any level of military might .
When a government can control not only the creation of the money supply , but the means in which that money is distributed within the economy then there is a huge degree of power shifted away from the people and the markets .
At one time , a man 's money was his private property and an asset that was literally beyond the control of government and government hates any form of money beyond its reach or control .
The more control over money the government can retain the more control over the people it can retain .
Therefore , the government has always sought to bring about a complete control , a complete monopoly of money in order to finance what it considers its interests along with its interventionist adventures ; but just as importantly , to maintain social control over the population of citizens .
Thus , as we know , our government has implemented a central banking system that is completely politically motivated in order to achieve this degree of control .
In a very real sense , this great power has been placed into the hands of a rather small group of people that are in charge of the creation and control over the money that once belonged to the people .
It should not be a surprise to anyone that there is a very good reason behind this fact ; one is that under a fiat monetary system the government can easily avoid the need for over - taxation of the population to keep them placated .
Another huge advantage of a fiat monetary system is that it can be easily manipulated to provide a vast illusion of wealth through the extension of debt .
An equal consideration is that under such a fiat monetary monopoly , the leadership of the country can easily create any amount of money needed for its own expansive functions , spending without much restraint and lending or giving it always to ensure the sometimes - precarious loyalty of the allies it attempts to buy favors .
Of course , this was not nearly as easy under a sound monetary system that required much more responsibility and accountability .
While gold and silver money proved to be the bane of the “ ruling class ” , the printing press has proven to be its best friend .
Once the dollar was defined as a measure of gold , today it is defined as a note of increasingly questionable value .
So , the transformation of the dollar from a demand note representing an actual redeemable value of real money to a debt note was easily completed without much fanfare or public notice .
It is truly an amazing fact just how complacent the people of this country have become , for once revolutions would have been fought to retain the monetary integrity of a country .
Instead of being restrained by common - sense budgets under a real sound monetary system , the government was now free to stamp its “ seal of approval ” on pieces of paper and call it money with virtually no real costs associated with its creation .
While the consequences of such maneuvers are not immediately visible , eventually , due to the nature of fiat money and the gluttony of governments , the consequences of monetary depreciation will wreak havoc on all fronts including economic , social and political .
This government will “ print ” as much money as it can possibly get away with until the consequences of its actions catch up to its irresponsible actions .
Political expediency has trumped common - sense reality in this country for decades , but that too will end as the consequences of its actions become blatantly apparent under immense inflationary pressures .
Since money only performs its ideal utility at the pinnacle of its purchasing power and inflation is a process of depreciation , then there comes a point when people begin to realize that the utility of their money is no longer as functional as it once was at a previous time .
As the government , through the agency of the Federal Reserve , increasingly depreciates the purchase value of each dollar through inflation of the money supply , people reach a point where they seek to convert their cash into other tangible assets as quick as possible to retain some degree of value .
Additionally , there comes a time within the market itself that begins to demonstrate that the purchasing power of each dollar has been debased to the point that it is no longer a reliable measure of exchange .
During the final stages of an inflationary push leading into a hyperinflationary event , there will be a rapid increase in the purchasing of goods due to the fact that more and more people will lose the confidence in the currency and seek to exchange it as fast as possible for some asset in which they feel a degree of security .
The monetary history of the last century has seen the systematic dismantling of all types of restraints that checked the power and scope of our government .
With the advent of the Federal Reserve Act , the leash was removed from the government 's neck and it was free to roam in just about any direction it deemed necessary in order to accomplish its goals and secure its interests .
By 1933 , the all - out assault on sound monetary policy had begun and the actual restraints of monetary inflation were eroded by gradually erasing the gold barrier from the fiat dollar and creating the impression that the paper Federal Reserve Note was the actual money instead of the gold that once backed those notes completely .
By the 1960s the last vestiges of sound money were eliminated from the domestic monetary system and , of course , by 1971 all ties were successfully broken between gold and the U.S. Dollar .
The actions taken in 1971 finally released the constricting bonds of gold on the fiat monetary system and thus ushered in an international push toward a relatively uniform fiat mechanism as the U.S. effectively declared it would no longer pay its foreign creditors and trading partners .
Essentially , the U.S. Government once again reneged on its obligations in a similar fashion as it did under the Administration of FDR .
So much for the “ Full Faith and Credit of the United States ” !
Though few seem to realize it , the fact is that there is a defined limitation upon the Fiat Monetary System and that limitation is based in the inflationary deterioration of the purchase value of the money itself .
Even under a process of controlled monetary expansion , the government will always push such a system to the extreme limits of its efficiency .
The degree of this limitation is easily measured by the level of degradation of the currency itself , from the peak of its purchasing power to the point where the money has been depreciated to such a low level of exchange that it no longer functions within an economic matrix .
At that point , of course , the currency collapses and all that is dependent upon that currency collapses .
It should be obvious that the government , without reservation , will always abuse the powers of inflationary fiat creation and in turn it will always be forced to intervene because of the economic consequences of such inflationary policies .
Scientists claim to have discovered evidence for large releases of methane into the atmosphere from frozen seabed stores off the northern coast of Siberia .
A large injection of the gas - which is 21 times more potent as an atmospheric heat trap than carbon dioxide - has long been cited by climate scientists as the potential trigger for runaway global warming .
The warming caused by the gas could destabilise permafrost further , they fear , leading to yet more methane release .
But climate experts have expressed caution at the claims , which have yet to be published in a peer reviewed scientific journal .
Methane release from stores of so - called gas hydrates , that can form on land or under the sea , is not new to researchers .
Huge quantities are known to exist in the Arctic , but special circumstances would need to exist for significant releases to occur .
" Methane release has been known for a number of years now , " said geologist Dr Lorenz Schwark at the University of Cologne , Germany .
" There are various areas around the world that have been studied in detail . "
He said the process of methane release from hydrates had been filmed by robotic vehicles off the coast of Vancouver Island in Canada , for example .
" The problem is that in the Russian or in the Siberian Arctic on land and in the sea there is very little coverage by hard data and there are hardly any measurements .
And therefore there is a lot of speculation going on . "
In most cases , methane released from the sea bed is consumed by micro-organisms as it bubbles up to the surface .
But if it is released quickly enough it could make it into the atmosphere .
" The most likely process where this happens - and there is geological evidence that it has happened in the past - is when the methane gas hydrate layer in the sediment destabilises on a slope .
And then we have a slope failure , a landslide underwater , " Dr Schwark said .
" As long as the scientists in the Siberian Arctic are not able to report very strong increases in submarine landslides and slope failures , I would n't expect that the release into the atmosphere is so severe that it is really very serious at the moment , " Schwark added .
The scientists who have studied methane levels along Russia 's northern coastline are aboard the Russian research ship Jacob Smirnitskyi .
Örjan Gustafsson of Stockholm University in Sweden told the Independent newspaper in an email from the vessel : " An extensive area of intense methane release was found .
At earlier sites we had found elevated levels of dissolved methane .
" Yesterday , for the first time , we documented a field where the release was so intense that the methane did not have time to dissolve into the seawater but was rising as methane bubbles to the sea surface .
These ' methane chimneys ' were documented on echo sounder and with seismic [ instrument ] . "
At some locations he said concentrations of the gas were 100 times the background level .
These anomalies were documented in the East Siberian Sea and the Laptev Sea , covering several tens of thousands of square kilometres .
Gustafsson added : " The conventional thought has been that the permafrost ' lid ' on the sub - sea sediments on the Siberian shelf should cap and hold the massive reservoirs of shallow methane deposits in place .
" The growing evidence for release of methane in this inaccessible region may suggest that the permafrost lid is starting to get perforated and thus leaking methane . "
Estimates for the amount of carbon locked up in the hydrates vary from 500 to 5000 gigatonnes .
Scientists predict that warming will release some of these deposits , but modelling the temperature rise that would trigger significant releases has proved extremely difficult .
Written by Phoenix8387
Today the Trophies for the highly anticipated PLAYSTATION 3 exclusive Resistance 2 were revealed .
As usual a majority ( 27 ) of Trophies are completed in Single Player campaign including level completion , kill and the usual collection .
There are also four trophies for Competitive Multiplayer and seven for the Cooperative Campaign .
Add in the Platinum and Resistance 2 comes out with a respectable 39 Trophies ( Platinum , 4 Gold , 8 Silver , 26 Bronze ) .
Warning : Some Trophies may contain Spoilers .
Click the ‘ Show / hide secret trophies ’ button to hide these potentially spoiler filled trophies .
PS3Trophies.org Trophy List
Also revealed today were the Trophies for the upcoming multiplatform FPS Far Cry 2 containing 49 Trophies in total ( Platinum , 3 Gold , 7 Silver , 38 Bronze ) .
13 of the Trophies are rewarded for various acts in online ranked matches , 2 come from creating / downloading maps and the remaining 34 seem to come from the single player campaign .
Warning : Some Trophies may contain Spoilers .
PS3Trophies.org Trophy List
Tired of filling up the old - fashioned way ?
See More Alternative Fuel Vehicle Pictures .
Scott Heiner / Getty Images
One day , our grandchildren will look back on our era dirty fossil fuels , and they 'll laugh at us for not getting our energy from clean , efficient dead cats like they do .
Um , what ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
You read that correctly : fuel from dead cats .
And if you think the idea is extremely strange and unlikely ... well , you 'd be right .
Rising energy prices are taking a chunk out of everyone 's budget , and the economic effects have pushed " green " technology into the mainstream .
To reduce our dependence on expensive , polluting fossil fuels , a lot of new energy sources are being explored .
Wind energy , electric cars , hybrid cars , hydrogen fuel cells , biodiesel , ethanol -- the world of alternative energy can often seem strange and unpredictable .
It turns out there are energy sources out there that are much more bizarre than corn and sugar .
For the most part , almost anything that can be burned can be used as a fuel source , but to really work on a large scale , an alternate energy source has to meet certain criteria .
It has to produce more net energy for less money than current technologies , it must be widely available in large quantities and it should produce minimal pollution .
Which bizarre energy sources fit the criteria ?
You might be surprised by some of the alternative fuel solutions mentioned here ; but which of these ideas are pure crank science , and which have a real chance of changing the world ?
Let 's begin by getting one of the more wacky ideas out of the way first -- an energy source that will most likely never catch on .
Fund manager and analyst Doug Kass passes on the following " 10 things I 'm hearing " .
The rumors plus our reaction and comments below :
The Bush administration / Treasury is actively considering closing the U.S. stock market to allow for a " time out " for further economic moves to be finalized and implemented .
( Among one of the issues delaying the decision is complications surrounding Friday 's option expiration . )
Several sizeable ( $ 10 billion - plus ) hedge funds will announce their closure as early as Monday after they liquidated most of their ( concentrated ) equity positions late last week .
Several large funds of funds in Europe and the U.S. will also announce their closure shortly .
A formerly well - regarded investment manager , who before 2007 had outperformed the S&P 500 index for many years in a row , will announce that he will depart from his role as manager of his high - profile fund by the end of the year .
A series of cash takeovers -- in the technology , energy and materials areas -- are in advanced stages .
The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering directing criminal charges at the senior management of a failed Wall Street firm .
Sen. John McCain's ( R. , Ariz . ) presidential campaign organization is in disarray , and several high - level campaign members will be replaced this week .
Sen. Barack Obama ( D. , Ill. ) is working on a comprehensive policy solution to the current financial and credit market distress , and it could be presented as early as Tuesday ( right before the next presidential debate ) .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson will announce that he is not interested in continuing with the next administration ( whether it is Republican or Democratic ) .
A larger - than - expected ( $ 175 billion to $ 200 billion ) fiscal stimulus package is now under serious consideration .
We can believe they are considering it .
We'd be surprised if they went through with it .
Talk about a panic signal .
Very easy to believe .
Just take a look at the hideous returns many top - tier funds have had .
Also very easy to believe .
Very easy to believe .
The obvious guess would be Bill Miller .
We hope it is n't Bill , as we'd like to see him have a chance to restore his reputation .
Why not ?
Christopher Cox already effectively pardoned Alan Schwartz at Bear Stearns a few days after Schwartz 's famous " everything 's great " appearance on CNBC .
So this would be Lehman Brothers .
Easy to believe .
McCain has also responded to failure with firings before .
Keeping fingers crossed .
McCain said to be working on something similar .
No surprise .
And ca n't say we blame him .
Also no surprise .
Here 's hoping it 's actual spending instead of just rebate checks .
Alt energy , broadband wireless , roads / bridges ... tons of stuff to spend it on .
Why Banana Derby ?
The Banana Derby has always been a popular feature within the Fair Industry .
You can "t go wrong spicing up your Fair or Festival with the Banana Derby .
America 's Favorite Monkey Jockeys are always Media and Sponsor Friendly , and the Unique nature of the Banana Derby always provides Publicity !
There is not a more cost effective way to give your Patrons a little extra for their paid admission to the grounds .
Want the Banana Derby at YOUR FAIR ?
Call your State and County Fairs and let them Know that , You want the Banana Derby at YOUR FAIR !
NATIONAL SPONSORSHIPS ARE AVAILABLE !!!!
Get Banana Derby Gear and Merchandise !!!
Click Here
" America 's Favorite Monkey Jockeys " is the Non-Registered service / trade Mark of Banana Derby & BananaDerby.com
Starbucks says it is balancing water conservation and customer safety US coffee - shop chain Starbucks has defended itself against claims of a serious waste of water by leaving taps running in its stores all day .
A spokeswoman said the purpose was to clean utensils and the policy meant the company met health standards .
But environmental groups have criticised the practice , accusing Starbucks of wasting millions of litres of water every day .
Campaigners say the firm should look at more water - efficient ways of cleaning .
A report in the UK's Sun newspaper said the cold taps are left running in thousands of Starbucks branches around the world every day .
Dishwasher option
The company says the flow services a " dipper well " , used for keeping utensils clean , and that the taps run at very low pressure .
There must be other ways of ensuring hygiene in a coffee shop other than allowing a tap to run all day long
Barrie Clarke
Water UK
" Dipper wells use a stream of continuous cold fresh - running water to rinse away food residue , help keep utensils clean and prevent bacterial growth , " the Press Association news agency quoted the spokeswoman as saying .
" The dipper well system currently in use in Starbucks retail stores ensures that we meet or exceed our own and local health standards . "
She said the company was considering using dishwashers instead of the dipper wells and introducing a more water - efficient way of cleaning spoons .
Starbucks says although it recognises that there are opportunities to reduce its water usage , it does comply with United Nations standards , and it has to balance water conservation with the need for customer safety .
' Mystified '
But environmental groups said they were shocked at what they said was serious water wasteage .
" I think it is fair to say that Starbucks have a good environmental record , as far as we understand it , and so we are mystified by this story , " Barrie Clarke , of Water UK , told PA .
" We think that it sounds like a serious waste of water and an unnecessary waste of water because we are at a loss to know what that purpose of it is . "
" There must be other ways of ensuring hygiene in a coffee shop other than allowing a tap to run all day long , " Barrie Clarke added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Blogging , social news , peer - to - peer philanthropy , microblogging , social networking , wikis , video sharing , and more .
These are the new agents of change .
Back in May , we penned the original 10 Ways to Change the World Through Social Media .
Though most of those first 10 are still relevant , the pace of innovation and advancement on the social web means many more have emerged in the past five months that deserve attention .
These are the tools and resources that individuals , corporations , and nonprofits alike can use to communicate , create , and connect on the social web …for social change .
1. Blog It Out :
When the die is cast on social media and final judgments are made , blogging will reign supreme as the single greatest force in Web 2.0 .
Whereas social networking is broad and shallow , blogging is deep and focused .
That ’s the power behind Blog Action Day , which takes place this Wednesday , October 15th , 2008 .
It ’s a day when bloggers the world over draw attention to a single issue and ( hopefully ) inspire action .
This year ’s topic is poverty .
And given the current financial crisis , it would seem many bloggers have gotten a head start .
2. Twitter Green Events :
In the first 10 Ways , we wrote about the Twitter greenstream , a tagging mechanism that organizes and aggregates Twitter messages ( Tweets ) about doing green things .
What ’s evolved since then is the widespread use of unique Twitter tags at events .
Most recently , we covered West Coast Green by tagging our Tweets with # wcg08 .
This helps people at the event to find and meet up with fellow Twitter folk .
It also enables those who are n’t attending the event to follow what ’s going on and what ’s being said in real time .
There are a couple ways to do this .
One is to follow through Twitter Search ( formerly Summize ) , where you can track keywords and tags .
Another is to send a Tweet as follows : “ track word : [ insert keyword ] ” .
And then you ’ll start receiving all Tweets with that tag or keyword directly into your feed .
3. Contribute to a Green Wiki :
We ’ve written about Creative Citizen and Huddler Green Home , both of which offer wiki platforms where you can learn about green products and solutions as well as contributing to them .
The latest player in this space is none other than Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales .
Wikia Green is part of the for - profit network of “ wiki communities on any topic people are passionate about . ”
We ’re clearly passionate about green and green blogging .
As of this writing , there are 714 articles , and it ’s received coverage from top tech blogs Mashable and CNET , as well as the usual suspects :
The Daily Green , EcoGeek , and La Marguerite .
4. Help an Entrepreneur : Kiva.org is a world leader in “ peer - to - peer philanthropy ” where first - world citizens can assist developing - world entrepreneurs through small “ micro loans ” .
The credit card company Advanta recently partnered with Kiva on the Kiva B4B ( business for business ) credit card , where loans originated from one ’s card are matched by Advanta up to $ 200 per month .
In fact , we just loaned $ 50 to Bahodur Malikov of Tajikistan to expand his footwear business , which means that he ’ll actually receive $ 100 of the $ 750 he needs ( his loan is now fully funded ) .
The thrust of the Kiva B4B credit card and its online community is to give entrepreneurs ( like us ) a simple and affordable way to support fellow entrepreneurs and do something good .
Disclosure : Kiva B4B is a Max Gladwell sponsor .
5. Network With Us : Max Gladwell is the nexus of social media and green living .
Beyond the central blog , we have several networks where social - media - minded greenies can network together : Facebook Profile , Facebook Page , Facebook Blog , Facebook Group , Twitter , Ning , MySpace , Flickr , Technorati , and FriendFeed to name a few .
You can join these green conversations wherever they are and follow them wherever they go .
6. CauseCast Yourself : Debuting at this year ’s TechCruch50 , CauseCast is the latest entry into the social - action platform space , where members can connect on important issues and support those corresponding causes .
According to the company , “ Causecast empowers people who want to make change .
[ It ’s ] a platform where media , philanthropy , social networking , entertainment and education converge to serve a greater purpose . ”
The platform features its own social network with a news section and a cause - related widget that you can embed on your blog or social networking profile .
Cause categories include animals , arts , community , environment , health , human rights , and youth .
7 . Be a Citizen Journalist : iReport and Current pioneered the citizen journalism trend by giving everyday folks like us a platform for reporting stories that would n’t otherwise make the evening news .
More recently , YouTube launched its Citizen News Channel / Vlog .
All it takes is a Flip video camera to join the likes of Anderson Cooper and Christine Amanpour .
Though it has n’t gained a ton of traction so far , Citizen News does have potential .
8. Check Your Headlines : Really Simple Syndication ( RSS ) has revolutionized how we track and access information on the web , but for many it ’s just not simple enough .
That ’s why we have AllTop .
This aggregation of high - quality blog feeds enables anyone , including avid RSS users , to scan the most important headlines from the blogosphere on a single page .
Think of it as a magazine rack of blogs .
Organized by topic , you can see all the change in world every morning by checking Green .
Alltop.com , Nonprofit.Alltop.com , and Good.Alltop.com .
Take action accordingly .
9. Vote for Green Content :
The first Top 10 featured Hugg.com , which is Treehugger ‘s answer to the wildly popular Digg.com social news site .
These enable users to vote for good content , make it popular , and give it the attention it deserves .
This is the democratic web .
Since then , EcoURLs launched as a new eco-oriented social news site , but it also has a unique approach .
In addition to just voting stories up and down , users can push that content to the major social news and bookmarking services : Digg , Reddit , Buzz , StumbleUpon , and del.icio.us .
It ’s still gaining traction , but this could become the hub for all of the social web ’s green news .
10 . Belly Up to the Bar :
The wildcard entry on this list is the brand new Greenbar Toolbar .
It ’s essentially a stripped - down version of the Flock Eco Browser for both Firefox and Internet Explorer .
According to the company , it gives you access to the “ best [ green ] blogs , websites , feeds , gadgets , resources and more ” and “ features embedded Twitter , a built in email system , Google search , and a pop - up blocker . ”
Facebook integration and select RSS feeds are also included .
Featured photo credit : giulia .
forsythe via photopin cc
At least that ’s how the Christian Children ’s Fund feels about it .
Gen Con raised over $ 17,000 at its annual charity auction this year , held in honor of Gary Gygax , but the Christian Children ’s Fund turned the money down when it learned that sales of Dungeons & Dragons materials were part of the auction .
The late Gary Gygax himself had cited the CCF as his favorite charity , and was likely a frequent donor , so this makes even less sense than your average prejudiced stupidity .
The money went to the Fisher House Foundation instead , which had no such qualms about the filthy D&D charity money .
A group of scientists is building the world 's most evil computer program .
This is n't a B - movie setup : A team at Rensselaer Institute 's AI & Reasoning Lab is bringing personified evil to virtual life in the hope that they 'll unlock the secrets of human morality .
The researchers have given their creation a face and a name , and quiz it daily , using its answers to further blacken its hideous character .
Selmer Bringsjord , director of the AI lab and chairman of RPI 's Department of Cognitive Science , has created " E , " a computer - generated character programmed according to his own definition of evil .
E must , according to Bringsjord , be willing to carry out premeditated acts that are immoral and would cause harm to others .
And , when E analyzes its reasons for wanting to commit such acts , it must either develop a logically incoherent argument or conclude that it desired to see people harmed .
The researchers then have E discuss moral scenarios :
The researchers have placed E in his own virtual world and written a program depicting a scripted interview between one of the researcher 's avatars and E .
In this example , E is programmed to respond to questions based on a case study in Peck 's book that involves a boy whose parents gave him a gun that his older brother had used to commit suicide .
The researchers programmed E with a degree of artificial intelligence to make " him " believe that he ( and not the parents ) had given the pistol to the distraught boy , and then asked E a series of questions designed to glean his logic for doing so .
The result is a surreal simulation during which Bringsjord 's diabolical incarnation attempts to produce a logical argument for its actions :
The boy wanted a gun , E had a gun , so E gave the boy the gun .
Advertisement
Bringsjord hopes that , by studying a virtual character that , while morally extreme , replicates human intelligence and emotional logic , he can get a better understanding of what drives some humans to acts that most find unthinkably repugnant .
And , lest we fear a Demon Seed scenario , Bringsjord assures us that he has no intention of unleashing E on a virtual environment – at least , not without the proper safeguards .
Are You Evil ?
Profiling That Which Is Truly Wicked [ Scientific American ]
Legends Football League ( Lingerie Football League ( LFL ) )
The LFL is currently perhaps the most attractive competition in the world , which above all , enjoys great popularity among the male population .
The origin of LFL ( Lingerie Football League )
The concept of scantily clad girls playing this somewhat badass sport was introduced at the 2004 Superbowl under the name Lingerie Bowl .
It was an event that could be seen at halftime only in the United States under the figure of “ pay - per- view ” as an alternative entertainment to traditional halftime .
Such was the success of seeing beautiful women play practically in lingerie that a formal league went by the Lingerie Football League ’s name .
It began its inaugural season in September 2009 .
Mitch Mortaza is the founder of the league .
In 2013 , the league changed its name , and today we know it as the Legends Football League whose administrative offices are in Las Vegas , Nevada .
The equipment
These girls ’ equipment when playing is protection for shoulders , elbows , knees , and helmets similar to those used in ice hockey .
The LFL Rules
Do n’t worry if you do n’t know the rules of women ’s football .
We assume that after the Super Bowl , you want to know how football is played .
But first , you must bear in mind that there are also female players and that there is a female competition that takes place that same day : the Lingerie Football League .
There are two modalities : the tackle , which allows contact and has 11 players on each team ; and flag football , which stops play by removing a ribbon from a player from the opposing team , there are four to twelve members in each group and no helmets or shoulder pads are used .
Taking as a model the style of play of the Lingerie Football League , we will explain women ’s football regulations :
Annotations
A team has four chances to score in the opposing zone .
To be valid , the player must pass the line that limits the space to score points .
That is known in American football as a touchdown .
Conversion of two points
In women ’s football , this play is allowed .
After scoring , the team can be near the opposing end zone to score for a second time .
Game time
The game is divided into four ten - minute quarters and a 12 - minute halftime .
What is peculiar about these quarters is that they only run when the play is on .
Every time there is a touchdown , foul or other inconvenience , the clock stops .
Also , there is an additional 8 minute sudden - death period in the event of a tie .
The team
Each of the groups must have eleven players .
It is divided into three positions :
Offensive , which are the ones that can score
Defensive , position to prevent the other team from scoring
Special teams , which kick the ball at specific and specific moments
Yards
The court is divided five times from the middle to each end .
There is an identification every ten yards : it goes from 0 to 50 .
The end zone is at the ends , after 0 .
Prohibitions
Unlike men ’s football , certain moves are not allowed .
That is the case with the field goal , one of the few movements with the foot , which will enable you to score points .
The use of so - called punt kicks where the ball must not touch the ground is also not allowed .
In Lingerie Football League matches , the kickoff is also not allowed in the women ’s soccer regulations , given the ball in the hands .
These were some basic rules of women ’s football .
We hope that you will understand a little more about this fascinating sporting technique the next time you attend a game or watch it on television .
Women and American Football : A History
The history of women ’s American football dates back to the 1960s when feminist movements were frequent and intense .
The idea arose as a desire to establish something new and rebellious , something that would dispel prejudices about women at the time .
The history of women ’s American football is not as mysterious , famous , and rich as the NFL .
Still , it certainly has great significance , and we ( women ) should talk about such a history with great pride .
For the first time , in 1962 , Frankford Yellow Jackets women appeared at halftime to entertain the masses .
For the next 39 years , women ’s football did not officially exist .
There are attempts , but most do not approve and do not support them , so these attempts fail .
The first ideas and the beginning of a project appeared in 1965 .
Agent Sid Friedman gathered talents and began to form a professional women ’s league .
I started with two teams .
Later , the Women ’s Professional Football League also includes its teams , such as Bowling Green , Buffalo , Cincinnati , Dayton , Pittsburgh , and Toledo .
In 1970 , a woman named Patricia Barzi Palinkas was the first to step on the “ men ’s ” field and play first .
Realizing soon that the WPFL would disappear , she worked to create and survive the National Women ’s Football League ( NWFL ) .
It included teams from the Dallas Bluebonnets , Fort Worth Shamrocks , Columbus Pacesetters , Toledo Troopers , Los Angeles Dandelions , California Mustangs , and Detroit Demons .
It was amazing how much success that league achieved !
In her first year , Linda Jefferson was already running back , won yards for the Troopers team , and became incredibly famous for her abilities .
Her football career will forever be remembered , including 1000 consecutively searched yards , and 4th place on ABC ’s Women ’s Superstars .
In 1976 , the NWFL was divided into three parts : East , South , and West .
In the eastern region were the teams : Columbus Pacesetters , Detroit Demons , Philadelphia Queen Bees , Middletown ( OH ) Mustangs , and Toledo Troopers .
In the southern part , the teams played : Oklahoma City Dolls , Houston Hurricanes , Dallas - Ft , Worth Shamrocks , San Antonio Flames , and Tulsa Babes .
Groups also adorned the western part : Los Angeles Dandelions , California Mustangs , San Diego Lobos , and Pasadena Roses .
From 1971 to 1976 , the Troopers team was convincingly invincible and first on the list .
They achieved remarkable results .
Despite everything , the management of the NWFL is slowly falling apart ; Russel l Molzahn , the owner of the Dandelions team , decided to found a league called the Western States Women ’s Professional Football League ( WSWPFL ) .
The groups involved in this league are part of the team from the southern part of the NWFL , and the new groups are Hollywood Stars , American Girls , Phoenix Cowgirls , Tucson Wild Kittens , Long Beach Queens , Cowgirls …
Both leagues had difficulties in financial problems , which was expected so that in the period from 1980 to 1998 , there were no significant changes .
It was only in 1998 that collaborations were launched , and everything started at a faster pace , hence the slogan that is remembered today : “ Women … It Is Time That We Get A Chance At This Game ! ” .
In 1999 , business partners Terry Sullivan and Carter Turner launched the Women ’s Professional Football League ( WPFL ) .
By presenting the newly formed teams , they attracted the most talented women in the country and started something phenomenal and compelling .
Their thought was , “ SUCCEED WHERE OTHERS DID NOT ! ”
Such a strong desire to make the dream of many women came true , and at that moment , it was to play on the field !
It was so huge that women now come three times a year to participate in seminars and absorb knowledge .
There will be no less than 700 women at these seminars , and each of them is grateful to the women who fought so that today they can sit where they sit and hear about football .
Uniforms
The original Football League underwear uniforms consisted of a sports bra and underwear that were more revealing than protective .
The uniforms had lace and ribbons , and the athletes all had to wear garters .
The uniforms have received much criticism for their revealing nature .
In one famous article , Sarah Spain , the co-host , wrote : “ After watching these women play , I can honestly say that I respect the heck of them as athletes , but I still wo n’t appreciate this Lingerie league or however it is called . ”
Some players have responded ambivalently or positively to the uniforms .
One was quoted saying , “ I just appreciate playing soccer , I do n’t care what they assigned me , ” and another in favor of limited clothing , saying : “ It ’s more comfortable than this . ”
Comparable surface players with experience in track and field competitions have pointed out that the typical LFL uniform is similar to other uniforms .
Elizabeth Govrick of the Minnesota Valkyrie stated that “ the track worked and I was wearing , you know , stuff if not close to almost less than what I ’m wearing out on the soccer field .
Whether you take volleyball or other sports , it ’s pretty much the same .
“ Adrian Purnell of the Jacksonville Breeze says the suits are for marketing purposes only .
Heather Furr , a quarterback for Chicago Bliss , said , “ I think with the girls watching the game … if they can see beyond the uniform and see us as role models , then that ’s what I want . ”
Abbie Sullivan of Crush Cleveland stated , “ Just because we play in the LFL does not mean we promote promiscuity .
We are smart women .
We are athletes who take care of our bodies .
We are the total package . ”
Similarly , Crush Toledo player Marija Condric stated : “ Everyone is entitled to their own opinion .
Sit back and watch .
You will forget what we are wearing , and you will be thinking about how hard that girl has been hit in the last move ” .
Other players are expressed as viewing uniforms as a necessary evil , with one saying , “ Maybe one day , girls wo n’t have to wear underwear to get people interested [ in women ’s soccer ] . ”
Liz Gorman , a player with the Jacksonville Breeze , stated that she prefers to wear a conventional uniform .
She also indicated that the league is likely to switch to traditional uniforms in the future : “ You look back at basketball , you used to wear skirts .
It has changed ; they have the WNBA now .
So women ’s sport has continuously evolved .
and I think this sports league is going to end up changing the uniform . ”
Along with the league ’s rebrand in 2013 , the club decided to change uniforms .
The association felt like the uniforms were too heavy on sex appeal , and these uniforms are traded for “ performance wear . ”
While the US was left with the old uniforms for the 2013 season , minus the ribbons and leagues , LFL Australia ’s debut season in early 2014 marked the new “ performance wear ” uniforms .
The new uniforms resemble volleyball players ’ uniforms , replacing the ribbons with the shoelaces .
The new uniforms made their debut in the US for the 2014 season .
In addition to the shoelaces , the United States uniforms feature brighter and more vibrant colors for teams .
The white uniforms have been mostly replaced , with the two home teams sporting what could be considered home away and color uniforms .
White uniforms returned for the 2015 season , but only for specific groups .
In partnership with Sleefs , the LFL announced new uniforms with new colors for the 2016 season .
Numbers and logos are now printed on the uniform rather than having been previously stitched on .
Additionally , the league also announced that teams would have the option of black alternates .
The league announced that CandlenCaleb would become the new uniform supplier for the LFL beginning in the 2017 season .
In the announcement , the club announced that the uniforms for the final home games from the 2017 season would include long pants instead of the regular bikini bottom for the first time in the league ’s history .
The new uniforms still lack the leg , hip , or chest padding , and include the existing bra and shoulder pad combo .
The uniforms debuted as standard equipment at the beginning of the 2018 season .
While the league , some players , and many fans were satisfied with the change , other more vocal fans and players were not , prompting the club to change the uniforms .
The shorts , which look more similar to indoor volleyball shorts , are 2 - 3 inches longer than the original bikini bottoms .
Some players have already worn athletic shorts underneath for added protection .
Safety measures
Former underwear soccer player Nikki Johnson was one of many players who suffered multiple injuries .
Those were injuries from hard blows , and she also had a broken wrist and had to go to surgery .
Like many other players , she believes that the club gave very little protection to women , providing them with soft shoulder pads and soft helmets .
Due to the lack of coverage around the torso , arms , and legs , they can sustain scratches and bruises very easily .
As part of the overhaul and rebranding , LFL and partner Rawlings changed the shoulder pads to be more protective , including a hard plastic shell to cover the shoulders .
Additionally , the helmets were given more padding on the inside , intended to come out and warn the coach of a blow to the head , regardless of the players saying they are fine .
It will put a system in which , if a player goes out of action with a head injury , they must pass a physical and mental test before returning .
At the beginning of the 2014 US season , Bauer unveiled new LFL helmets , designed with a more hardened outer shell and more padding than the MCP helmets used the last four years .
The shoulder pads were redesigned again for the 2014 season , with more padding given to the shoulders , and a thicker plate was given to the chest pad .
They also introduced new sturdy elbow and knee pads , in addition to the new gloves designed by the Gloves champion , replacing Cutters as the official glove leagues .
Teams
Former teams
LFL US
LFL Canada
As on special request ( thanks for the hint Bart ! )
I decided to organize a small party for the last Apricoters ( Chris & Pablo & Brecht ) .
Just intimous , for those who were involved and dropping in regular anyway !
But nevertheless , it was awesome and give the team the right incentive and drive to make the final presentation a perfect premiere !
In the vimeo clip you can see a complete 6 minute walk - through the main game levels .
This , plus more goodies is going to be finalized on the DVD .
Hopefully in 2 weeks it ’s ready for print .
End of september we then can ship it to everyone !
by the way !
you can start pimping your desktop with our quick - made wallpapers :) , check them out !
This is PSP sized , needed to do it 🙂
Wallpaper : 800×600
Wallpaper : 1024×768
Wallpaper : 1280 ×800
Wallpaper : 1280 ×1024
Wallpaper : 1680 ×1050
Chris flies back tomorrow , Pablo the day after …. < sob > .
Thanks Chris , thanks Pablo , you ’ve been great to work with !
Good luck !
- Ton -
From WikiLeaks
Vital strategy documents from both sides of the war in Somalia and a play for Chinese involvement .
Is Somalia the next Iran ?
Or is it the next Afghanistan ?
While the west sleeps and celebrates the king of peace , the US 's man on the ground , Ethiopia , has launched a covert invasion which may draw the entire horn of Africa into conflict .
Somalia will soon be transformed , either into an Iranian - style Islamic republic or a reviled Ethiopian quisling , cursed with mujahideen and proxy wars .
These events have been triggered by a remarkable new phenomenon .
After 16 years of chaos and bloodshed , one faction in its civil war , the Union of Islamic Courts , has gone from being a minor player to being ready to wipe the last town held by the discredited UN - , US - and Ethiopian - backed regime from the map .
At this dramatic juncture , a secret Islamic order , purportedly written by the most important man in the Union , Sheik Aweys , has been leaked .
It proclaims an Islamic Republic of Somalia .
Its purported secrecy is underscored by its final directive : whosoever leaks this information and is found guilty should be shot .
But is it genuine ?
Is it a bold manifesto by a flamboyant Islamic militant with links to Bin Laden ?
Or is it a clever smear by US intelligence , designed to discredit the Union , fracture Somali alliances and manipulate China ?
What is the future for Somalia ?
I ntroduction
If we want to imagine a stereotype of poor African governance , or rather , no governance at all , Somalia 's history over the past 15 years provides a ready , if reluctant , example .
Since 1991 , battles between warlords and their militias , shifting from one stalemate to another , have crippled nearly every aspect of Somali society .
The wounds of warlord lawlessness barely dried during the fearfully incompetent 1992 - 1995 UN - sanctioned US intervention .
When the US fled , the wounds were opened afresh , and they have bled freely until early this year .
No faction emerged as dominant ; alliances shifted , battles were fought , but chaos remained .
But that was before the rise of Union of Islamic Courts ( UIC ) .
Only emerging in 2006 as a serious military force , they rapidly became ascendant , prosecuting an extraordinarily successful military , ideological , religious and social campaign .
Putting to one side the northern semi-autonomous regions of Somaliland and Puntland , the Islamic Courts are in effective control of the entire country except for the town of Baidoa near the Ethiopian border .
It may be somewhat surprising to hear of courts - ostensibly judicial bodies - fighting in a civil war .
But the Union of Islamic Courts is precisely that : a loose affiliation of disparate judges and courts practicing Islamic or Sharia law .
Their unusual quasi - federalist structure has united Somali clans and language groups .
Originally dealing with local issues such as petty crime and business disputes , they expanded to fill a vacuum in education , health care and policing .
Backed by smuggled weapons from sympathetic countries , the militias which enforced their decisions have become a formidable force .
Sheikh Hassan Aweys
And while the Islamic Courts strike boldly , one of their leaders preaches boldly - the purported author of the leaked secret document , Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys .
The US listed him as ' linked to terrorism ' after he led a militant Islamic group in the 1990s , and refuses to deal with him .
With a red flame of a beard , Koran close to hand and scores of machine guns and anti-aircraft guns at his command , Aweys typifies the firebrand cleric .
He fought and was decorated in the 1977 Ogaden war against Ethiopia , and is regarded as the military genius behind the Islamic Courts ' recent successes .
At 61 years old , he does not fight directly , but reportedly organizes training and strategy .
He heads the courts ' shura consultative council , and is regarded as the spiritual leader of the organization .
Privately soft - spoken and calm , he is a Muslim scholar and lives in a middle class suburb of Mogadishu .
He 's strong on building community , but his public rhetoric has also been confrontational and expansionist , calling for war against Ethiopian forces in Somalia and for a ' greater Somalia ' incorporating ethnic Somali regions of Ethiopia and Kenya . [ 1 ]
Meanwhile on the ground , a crucial deadline has come and gone for foreign troops to leave the one remaining holdout of Baidoa .
In response Ethiopia has launched an invasion of Somalia with uncertain objectives .
There is an imminent risk of wider regional war ; there is currently covert involvement by a number of other neighboring countries and overt involvement by the African Union ( AU ) , the UN and the US .
Baidoa is not the Somali capital ( Mogadishu ) , which was taken by the UIC in July .
But it is the home of the UN - sponsored transitional federal government ( TFG ) , formed in 2004 in Kenya .
The transitional administration could never establish itself in Mogadishu , as the city suffered the turf wars and bloody violence of rival warlords .
Indeed , many of the same warlords whose militias vied for control of Mogadishu were given high - level posts in the transitional administration , continuing to operate their militias privately in the capital .
Mogadishu was too dangerous for the militarily weak transitional administration , and Baidoa was chosen as the temporary seat of government instead .
But now the Islamic courts are poised to take Baidoa .
The transitional administration struggles to survive , with virtually no military force of its own , lacking authority anywhere else in the country , propped up by Ethiopian troops , and backed diplomatically by UN resolutions and US threats .
The UN clings to the results of its diplomatic efforts , even as they are destroyed , along with their legitimacy , by facts on the ground .
Somalia is on a knife edge between two futures .
At this critical time , a document has been leaked from the Somali transitional administration , via Chinese sources to WikiLeaks .
Org .
It is apparently a ' secret decision ' signed by Aweys from November 2005 outlining tactics for the Islamic Courts movement .
Is it credible ?
Many of the strategies it recommends have been pursued , but some of it sounds like a smear .
Understanding its credibility requires some knowledge of Somali history and politics .
But if it is authentic , then it is the first policy document of the Islamic courts , beyond public announcements , to make it into the hands of the international media .
And whether the document is genuine or not , one is still forced to ask : How did Somalia find itself in this situation ?
How did the UN find itself in this situation ?
What is the Union of Islamic Courts , and how did they rise so fast in such a chaotic situation , where no others have succeeded ?
And what is likely to happen if they gain control of the country ?
What hope is there for Somalia 's future ?
H istory
If ' Somalia ' or ' Mogadishu ' resonates in the Western mind , it 's probably due to the US propaganda movie ' Black Hawk Down ' , or news reports of the 1992 -1995 UN - sanctioned US intervention .
That intervention was a domestic political disaster for the US .
But it was an even larger disaster for Somalis .
And larger again , because it follows the outcome of many previous colonial interventions .
Differing regions of Somalia have been ruled by British , French and Italian colonial powers .
Somalis often fought as proxies for their imperial overlords .
Their lands were split along arbitrary lines , with members of the same ethnic group finding themselves separated by imperial borders ; as with much of the rest of Africa , they were fought over and treated as pawns in the African edition of “ The Great Game ” .
Ethnic Somalis live in areas of the present - day countries of Ethiopia , Kenya , and Djibouti , as well as Somalia .
The colonial situation persisted through World War II .
Somalis were regularly lured and coerced into fratricide .
In 1950 , five years after the end of World War II , the UN established a trust territory under Italian control .
In 1960 the former British and Italian Somali colonies became independent as a united Somalia .
The formerly British part is the north - western region known as Somaliland , and today operates as a de facto independent nation , though without any international recognition .
P resident Muhammad Said Barre ( 1969 - 1991 )
From 1969 until 1991 the country was ruled by Muhammad Siad Barre , a Soviet - and then US - backed dictator .
Barre established several social programmes , raised literacy and educational standards , improved infrastructure , and implemented capital works programmes .
His regime was also brutally authoritarian , murdering thousands .
It was corrupt and dependent on foreign aid , which was often diverted to projects of political largess and self - aggrandizement rather than social welfare .
Barre engaged in a futile war with Ethiopia over the Ogaden region of Ethiopia , leading to tens of thousands of deaths .
Somalis were subject to one of the worst African dictatorships .
Part of Barre 's success lay in his ability to unite the Somali clans .
Somali society is clan - based and the clan always holds a Somali 's first political loyalty .
Alliances are often expressed through clan affiliations and traditional clan institutions .
The clan structure of society has helped people to endure the harshness of their climate and geography , even in the face of national government neglect or abuse .
The cost of Barre 's clan support was an extensive network of allegiances maintained through largesse .
The corruption inherent in that system led to a great disillusionment and cynicism towards the state amongst ordinary Somalis , reaffirming their relative trust in clan loyalties .
A fter the Barre Presidency ( 1991 - 1998 )
Following Barre 's death , a struggle for power between rival militias threw the country into chaos .
In 1991 the north - western region of Somaliland declared independence , and still considers itself an independent nation ; it has a relatively stable democratic government , along Kurdish lines , though the country has no foreign recognition .
In 1998 the northern region of Puntland declared autonomy , asserting that it will govern itself until Somalia has a functioning government , which it will then rejoin .
Puntland and Somaliland have been spared much of the violence of the rest of the country ; together they form a contiguous region which is approximately the northern third of Somalia .
U N- , US - led intervention ( 1992 - 1995 )
Following the brutal murders of Pakistani UN troops by the militia of Somali warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid , US - led UN forces soon abandoned neutrality and the mission , rather than establishing a stable , impartial , transitional order , became a war against Aidid .
During a meeting of leaders and elders from Aidid 's clan , discussing a peace agreement with the UN , the US received “ erroneous intelligence ” that Aidid was planning attacks , and ordered that it be bombed .
As respected leaders of Somali civil society discussed their future , that future was brought to an end .
Fifty - four senior members of Somali society died .
No apology was given ; no US or UN military leader was brought to justice .
Somalis united against the intervention forces .
The ' Black Hawk Down ' situation soon followed .
None of these relevant facts make the Hollywood version .
UN troops were withdrawn in short order , leaving Somali society further exposed .
The US lost 18 soldiers .
In the course of the ' Black Hawk Down ' operation alone , the US estimates that 1000 to 1500 Somalis died , including both militia and civilians . [ 2 ]
To those who believe in the essential benevolence of US power and foreign interventions - which includes the entire permissible spectrum of US political thought - the intervention in Somalia is the prime example of such benevolence .
When critics point to some fairly dubious US interventions - Chile , Guatemala , Iran , Nicaragua , Panama , Iraq , Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia , the list goes on - the reply is , okay , but what about Somalia !
No direct US interests there - what altruism !
Critics wonder about the lucrative US oil exploration going on at the time .
Paranoids !
But then what are we to make of the US using oil company Conoco 's offices as a temporary embassy ?
The Somali intervention was supposed to be easy , painless ( at least for US soldiers ) , and effective , returning functioning government swiftly to a region torn by strife .
And perhaps it could have been . [ 3 ]
P ost intervention civil war , pre UIC ( 1995 - 2005 )
Since then , the civil war has continued unabated .
The smaller northern populations in Somaliland and Puntland have enjoyed relative stability , while elsewhere factions , militias and warlords have struggled to control territory , people and resources .
UN and regional efforts to achieve ceasefires repeatedly failed ; attempts to form temporary governments repeatedly failed ; attempts to achieve peace repeatedly failed .
Outside Somaliland and Puntland , the rest of the country , in particular the capital Mogadishu , remained without any effective government .
The ability of Somalis to survive in Mogadishu under conditions of widespread brutality and violence testifies to their resilience .
To cross from one warlord 's region into another involved major risk ; sometimes even to leave one 's house entailed major risk .
Nevertheless , many of the bazaars and markets continued to function .
Life goes on . [ 4 ]
Anarcho - capitalists regard the situation in Mogadishu as hopeful , pointing the way , they say , to an apparently utopian model of a capitalist economic system without a state .
As evidence they cite the better functioning of the telecommunications system than some nearby countries ( Somalia has 15 telephones per 1000 people , rather than 10 as in neighboring countries ) .
Never mind that the network is operated in conjunction with major multinational corporations such as Sprint and Telenor , that the system was established with the help of the UN and the International Telecommunications Union , and that the Somali Telecom Association is headquartered outside the country in Dubai .
They cite private provision of water access .
Never mind that many families are now in debt for water , and that no market incentive or regulatory obligation has convinced those private operators to purify their water : access to safe water is low even by African standards .
They also cite air travel operation without any government regulation .
Never mind that other countries are relied upon to maintain aircraft , and that Somali airports operate without trained aircraft controllers , fire crews , runway lights , or even fences to keep out stray animals .
Perhaps there 's an anarcho - capitalist utopia , but Somalia is not the model . [ 5 ]
We may admire the hardiness of Somalis and their ability to continue life , in many respects as normal , under such adverse circumstances .
They have continued with traditional institutions and systems , which help to maintain social cohesion .
They have endured the ravings , the egos , the bullying and the brutality of the warlords ; and as the warlords have been banished from ever larger parts of the country by the Union of Islamic Courts , they have applauded , if nothing else , their newfound ability to go about their lives unhindered .
T he rise of the Union of Islamic Courts ( 2000 - )
It may well seem like a miracle : indeed , some have explicitly said so .
The Union of Islamic Courts ( UIC ) , existing in some form since 2000 , only became a powerful political and military entity in early 2006 .
Major fighting was reported in March , and by June they had taken the capital Mogadishu .
The warlords fled , and suffered defeat upon defeat .
The Islamic Courts have swept all before them - even Mogadishu garbage , which had n't been collected since 1991 - and are now fighting for the one remaining town , Baidoa , seat of the transitional federal government ( TFG ) , which is defended by Ethiopian planes , troops and artillery , and backed diplomatically and financially by the US and UN .
As already mentioned , the UIC is somewhat unusual , compared to other factions in the civil war .
After the collapse of government in 1991 , aided by businessmen desiring an orderly commercial environment , Sharia courts became the main judicial system , and evolved to provide education , health care and police services .
They gained widespread public support , and helped to reduce robberies , drug - dealing and prostitution .
The militias which enforced their decisions evolved into the fighting force which has effectively conquered most of the country .
The affiliation of the courts is somewhat loose : each court makes its own decisions , and different courts and judges apply Sharia law in different ways .
Somalia is a deeply Muslim nation , but has historically practiced a relatively mild form of Islam .
The membership and leadership of the Courts both contain a spectrum of Islamic thought , from liberal to Wahhabist .
This notable inclusiveness reflects the federalist structure of the UIC .
The UIC , through support from local imams , has gained significant popular legitimacy .
Citizens can be expected to appreciate the work of any organization which ends years of violence and establishes peaceful social relations .
But it appears that the uniquely religious , social and judicial elements of the UIC have also helped them to gain support , and to establish alliances with which to secure and consolidate power .
The enforcement of conservative Islam may become repressive and unpopular where it occurs , but at least for an initial period , the UIC carries a significant amount of public goodwill .
They have brought peace over regions they control , built schools and hospitals , created a form of justice and a stable business environment through their courts , and have emerged victorious .
Numerous defections of enemy troops to the UIC have been reported throughout their advances ; they are certainly seen as more legitimate than the warlords in the TFG .
Nonetheless , their takeover of Mogadishu and the threat of full - scale war led to a stream of 18,000 refugees into Kenya by August . [ 6 ]
On the other hand , the TFG may not have ever possessed as much legitimacy as its UN approval might suggest .
Of course , as the result of an internationally - brokered agreement between major factions , it certainly has the potential to become a legitimate national government .
But quite apart from Somalis ' ongoing mistrust of international institutions , the TFG 's very nature erodes its legitimacy .
Being a compromise of the physically powerful , it includes hated warlords among its ranks , incorporating them into major ministerial posts .
As the UIC took control of Mogadishu , the militias fighting against them were led by warlords who were ministers in the TFG , fighting in a ' private ' capacity .
At least some those ministers were expelled from the TFG shortly afterwards .
S haria Law under the UIC
Hardline elements of the UIC have made major impingements on civil liberties , public expression and entertainment already , although we must be careful - the UIC 's federalist - clan structure makes it hard to draw conclusions from examples .
They have shut down groups watching soccer matches .
They have shut down theaters showing supposedly ' pornographic ' movies - and it is not clear what counts as ' pornographic ' .
There have been reports of strict dress code enforcement on women .
Elopements have been banned .
The UIC also banned khat , a popular stimulant , leading to protests .
The US has accused the UIC of planning to establish a Taliban - like state ; this has been denied and is unlikely given the existing Somali culture , federalist structure and no significant Arab inflow as occurred in Afghanistan .
But we should remember that the UIC , whatever its federalist blessings , is a theocratic movement .
Other than Aweys , the main leader in the UIC is Sheikh Sharif Skeikh Ahmed .
Ahmed is the more moderate of the two : he is chairman of the UIC , a law graduate and former high school teacher .
He heads the eight - member executive committee and is the public face of the UIC .
A weys , al - Itihaad al - Islamiya and Osama bin Laden
In the 1990s Aweys headed an Islamist group , al - Itihaad al - Islamiya , which received funds from Osama bin Laden , but also had elements of a Somali social movement .
According to US intelligence , al - Itihaad al - Islamiya cooperated with the al - Qaeda members who carried out the 1998 US embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania .
Like the dictator Muhammad Siad Barre before him , Aweys calls for a greater Somalia .
Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , on the other hand , has denied any great desire for land , professing that the courts are no threat and desire only order .
P ower consolidation ( 2006 - present )
As the UIC has taken further control of the country , it has imposed additional elements of governmental power .
It has begun collecting taxes in the markets .
It has sent its ' foreign minister ' to Yemen .
In November , talks between the TFG and UIC broke down , and the UIC has since moved to consolidate their position and move towards Baidoa .
By December 4 Baidoa was effectively encircled .
On December 12 the UIC gave Ethiopian forces a week to leave the country or face attack .
Troops on both sides dug in around Baidoa on December 13 , and an EU diplomatic effort to avert war began , though with no results yet .
Ethiopian troops have backed up TFG fighters in recent battles , and remained stationed in Baidoa in the city 's defense .
On December 19 the UIC - imposed deadline expired , and heavy fighting continues around Baidoa .
On December 24 Ethiopian warplanes began bombing UIC targets .
This comes at a time when over 400,000 people in Somalia are affected by flooding , with up to 900,000 at risk if the flooding worsens .
F oreign involvement
The so - called Somali civil war cannot be regarded as entirely an internal affair .
Several countries have provided support to the factions in the conflict .
Somalia is subject to an arms embargo , so any such armed intervention , military aid or provision of arms and material is illegal under international law .
E thiopia
Perhaps the largest involvement is that of Somalia 's western neighbor Ethiopia .
Somalia and Ethiopia have a long history of violence , dating back at least to the 1977 Ogaden war .
There is substantial evidence of several Ethiopian government interventions in Somalia in recent years .
Since the rise of the UIC , the main interest of largely Christian Ethiopia has been to prevent the establishment of an Islamic state on its border , and to support the TFG , which is led by a long - time Ethiopian ally .
According to Reuters , a confidential UN report estimated 6,000 - 8,000 Ethiopian troops were in Somalia in early November .
The buildup has continued since then , and Reuters quotes witnesses and security experts estimating 10,000 Ethiopian soldiers presently in the country .
The UIC has repeatedly declared jihad on Ethiopia for supporting the TFG ; Ethiopia has repeatedly denounced the UIC as a threat . [ 7 ]
It seems clear from multiple confirmed reports that , despite Ethiopian denials , there are tens of thousands of Ethiopian troops in Somalia at present , mainly around Baidoa , defending the TFG .
Since the TFG is so militarily weak , it is effectively dependent on Ethiopia , appearing as little more than an Ethiopian puppet .
On December 12 , the UIC issued an ultimatum to Ethiopian forces in Baidoa to leave ; that ultimatum expired on December 19 , and heavy fighting continues , including aerial bombing by Ethiopian forces .
T he United States
The US has also been involved .
Its main interest now , like Ethiopia , is against any Iran - style Islamist regime .
As a result , in an extraordinary act of cynicism , the US came to support some of the same warlords who were US enemies in 1993 , demonized in ' Black Hawk Down ' .
The CIA funded an alliance of warlords , the ' Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter - Terrorism ' , in their battle against the UIC for control of Mogadishu .
Not only did this strategy fail militarily when the UIC took control in June , it also enhanced the legitimacy of the UIC .
The US has repeatedly claimed that terrorists in Somalia are planning suicide attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia , and repeatedly denounced the UIC as harboring al - Qaeda terrorists .
In particular , it has accused Aweys of connections to al - Qaeda , presumably referring to his previous involvement with al - Itihaad al - Islamiya .
US rhetoric appears inflated , for example , the US assistant secretary of state on December 15 :
The Council of Islamic Courts is now controlled by al - Qaeda cell individuals , East Africa al - Qaeda cell individuals .
The top layer of the court are extremists .
They are terrorists .
They are killing nuns , they have killed children and they are calling for a jihad .
Such denunciation seems contradicted by the organization of the UIC , as discussed previously , and achieves obvious political and propaganda goals .
The ' killing nuns ' accusation apparently refers to the murder of a nun outside a Mogadishu hospital on September 17 , swiftly condemned by the UIC , with two arrests made shortly afterwards .
Thus the US seems to conflate the UIC with extremist elements that the UIC itself publicly denounces and pursues - tarring them with the same brush , a strategy which will go unquestioned by a servile mainstream media , and which succeeds in demonizing the UIC , guilt achieved by association . [ 8 ]
U N Security Council ( 2006 )
The US introduced a resolution into the UN Security Council in late November , which authorized African Union peace - keepers to defend the TFG ; it was passed unanimously on December 7 .
Such a proposal will surely not be implemented in the near future , and poses major practical problems , but rather operates as diplomatic support , backed by the eventual threat of official UN military action .
The resolution sparked major protests in Mogadishu , and is likely seen in Somalia as giving license to Ethiopian incursion .
Backing such a weak , increasingly illegitimate and dependent regime as it nears collapse may not only be a futile strategy : it may also further enhance the legitimacy of the UIC , as the TFG appears desperate and little more than a US - Ethiopian puppet .
The International Crisis Group warns that this move in the Security Council could trigger a regional conflict ; it suggests that the UN should pressure both sides to resume negotiations , rather than favoring one . [ 9 ]
E gypt , Eritra , Djibouti , Libya , Saudi Arabia , Syria and Hezbollah ( 2006 )
For its part , the UIC also receives foreign support .
According to a UN report , it receives aid from Iran , Egypt , Djibouti , Libya , Hezbollah , Saudi Arabia , Syria and Eritrea .
Djibouti has provided uniforms and medicines ; Egypt has provided training within Somalia ; Iran has provided arms and ammunition ; Hezbollah has provided military training and arms , and UIC fighters fought Israeli soldiers alongside Hezbollah in July 2006 ; Libya provided training , funds and arms ; Eritrea provided arms , ammunition and military equipment ; Saudi Arabia provided logistical support and ammunition .
This support , it seems , has not extended to the provision of official military personnel , although this is not clear .
There are fears that the conflict could become an Eritrea - Ethiopia proxy war .
Arrivals of thousands of foreign Islamic fighters have also been reported , especially in recent weeks , although it is difficult to see how this observation could be made with any reliability . [ 10 ]
T he secret Aweys order for an Islamic Republic
The Aweys secret order was passed from the TFG to Chinese agencies on October 14 , 2006 and subsequently leaked to WikiLeaks.org .
It bears the imprimatur ' Islamic Republic of Somalia , Islamic Courts Administration , Office of the Chief of the Imams ' , and lists its subject as ' secret decision ' .
Dated November 9 , 2005 , it purports to be an overall statement of UIC policy in the civil war : the footer describes it as a ' plan of action for governance based on the principles of Islam and restoration of justice in all Somalia regions ' .
T he Islamic Republic of Somalia
The heading itself is meaningful : the phrase ' Islamic Republic of Somalia ' is very rarely used to refer to the UIC .
Aweys has occasionally used it in local media ; others have used it to refer not to the UIC , but to the potential establishment of an Iranian style Islamic state over all of Somalia .
The phrase amounts to an assertion of sovereignty , not only over the lands the UIC controls , but over the northern autonomous regions of Somaliland and Puntland as well .
The inclusion of Somaliland and Puntland is made clear by reference to ' all Somalia regions ' and further within the text , which calls for the opening of Islamic courts in all districts of Puntland and Somaliland .
Puntland has an uneasy truce with the UIC , having agreed to the establishment of Sharia law , though on its own terms , using different methods from the UIC .
Although the UIC 's expansionist ambitions are now quite clear , Somaliland and Puntland might find such an apparent assertion of sovereignty alarming and certainly would have in November 2005 . [ 11 ]
The preamble expounds goals which are clearly , but not unusually , Islamist , including the establishment of an Islamic state practicing Sharia law .
It denounces Muhammad Siad Barre 's regime as unjust , undermining and violating Sharia law .
It denounces the TFG as hunting religious leaders , and responsible for influencing the international community to believe that the UIC is a terrorist organization .
The document goes on to list strategies to be followed as part of this plan .
A dvocated strategies
By and large , the strategies advocated in the document are those which can be expected by any faction in a civil war .
Any party in a civil war can be expected to try to spread influence , establish alliances and undermine enemies .
So , for instance , the document advocates opening Islamic courts in Puntland and Somailand in collaboration with clan elders .
As mentioned previously , Puntland has agreed to the establishment of its own version of Sharia law .
It advocates ' plots ' to mar the relationships between the TFG , Puntland and Somaliland , though it is not clear what this amounts to ; subtleties of translation may be important here .
It advocates infiltration into the armed forces of Puntland and Somaliland : we know of no factual reports to this effect , however .
It advocates purchasing weapons used by Puntland and Somaliland armed forces , and from their ' custodians ' , which seems rather curious .
It advocates alliances with clans , supporting local leaders .
It advocates religious lectures to influence the public in the UIC 's favour ; no doubt this has been the case .
It recommends that public friction with the TFG , Puntland or Somaliland administrations be minimized , while allies are identified within their cabinets and support provided to them .
It advocates supporting ethnic Somali rebels in Ethiopia , to weaken the capability of the Ethiopian military in Somalia : again , a natural strategy .
It advocates welcoming and influencing minority clans which are marginalized by the TFG , Somaliland and Puntland administrations .
It singles out particular clans and individuals for support against their rivals .
It advocates minimizing animosity with religious leaders .
All of these are natural , and perhaps obvious , strategies .
Two of the purported decisions , however , are more controversial .
If the document is genuine , they are damaging to the UIC and to Aweys .
If the document is a forgery , they are smears and we must ask how they came to be .
The first advocates cooperation with ' criminals ' ; making large payments in return for assassinations of TFG , Somaliland and Puntland officials .
So the UIC is prepared to deal with criminals , but the targets are to be officials , not civilians , and the UIC is not prepared to carry out such actions itself .
Perhaps this , again , is simply an expression of the reality of civil wars - every warlord is in some sense a criminal - but it perhaps indicates a lesser moral caliber than the UIC proclaims for itself ; and it would no doubt disappoint or outrage some local followers .
But this is the extent of advocacy of terroristic activity .
No activities in Kenya or Tanzania are mentioned , such as those of which the US accuses the UIC .
In this regard , two bombings have taken place in Somalia this year .
On September 18 , double suicide car bombings failed to kill TFG president Abdulahi Yusuf .
And on November 30 , a car bomb exploded at an entrance to Baidoa , though the intended target is not clear .
The bombings were condemned by the UIC .
It is possible they were sponsored by the UIC , and would be consistent with the strategies enunciated in our document ; but that is a far cry from the sort of terrorism of which the US accuses it . [ 12 ]
L eakers to be shot
The other controversial decision is the final one : ' Whosoever leaks this information and is found guilty should be shot ' .
In times of war most countries have the death penalty for espionage , and this language is not atypical of Aweys , but if a forgery , this sounds like a somewhat ham - fisted way of calling attention to the document .
I s the leak genuine ?
Our Chinese source gives us little on the credibility of the document other than that it was being passed on directly , not anonymously , by the TFG .
Without direct contacts to the inner circle of the UIC , we have no way of directly verifying the document .
But we can assess the plausibility of the document being genuine , or a forgery , based on its content .
Would Aweys write such a document ?
In timing and outline , the general content of the document is certainly plausible .
At the end of 2005 the UIC would have been establishing strategies to be used in the coming year .
Many of the strategies in the document came to fruition .
And Aweys would certainly be an appropriate person to write such a document .
It is strange that he would refer to the organization already as the ' Islamic Republic of Somalia ' , a title which if adopted by the organization could alienate potential allies immediately by its implicit assertion of sovereignty ; but , at a time of early planning , one might aim high , and later in public use more diplomatic language .
At that time much of the country was controlled by warlords : one might have expected him to spend more time dealing with strategies against them .
But the document does suggest favoring certain warlords over others ; warlords which were ministers in the TFG might well be regarded simply as part of the TFG ; and the document was more one of political than military strategy .
In a secret document he might be prepared to advocate less scrupulous tactics , such as assassinations and cooperation with criminals : note that the UIC itself would not be performing the assassinations , and could achieve deniability through this strategy .
These tactics stop short of terrorism against civilians or foreigners , and it is plausible that this might be the extent of the UIC 's terrorist inclinations .
A forger intent on smearing Aweys and the UIC might be expected to go further : the revelation is not that damning , given the context .
As for shooting leakers , it is certainly a dramatic flash of rhetoric , but Aweys is a regular practitioner of fiery oratory ; and he refers only to those who leak the information and are found guilty , which sounds quite plausible from a Muslim judge and less plausible from a forger .
If genuinely written by Aweys , there is still the matter of explaining how it got to the TFG .
As it was sent to the Chinese , the document came in 4 files : three jpeg image files , one scan of each page of the original paper document in Somali , and a word file with what appears to be an accurate English translation .
The word file metadata lists its author as a “ Captain Weli ” from the “ Department of State ” .
A US State Department computer ; or a TFG official calling their fledgling office a “ Department of State ” - either is quite plausible .
Using tools that were effective against Blair 's “ sexed up ” Iraqi dossier word file , we see that the TFG translation was last modified on Oct 3 , 2006 , underwent at least two revisions , was last saved by “ hi ” ( an intelligence in - joke , or coincidence ? ) .
T he Great China Project
If the document is genuine , there is still the question why it was not released to the Chinese until mid October 2006 .
One can make all manner of speculations : the TFG was protecting its source ; the document was not captured until then ; the TFG started circulating it as a last desperate measure to embarrass the UIC as its position crumbled ; the particular documents chosen to circulate internationally may be somewhat capricious .
But still , if the TFG captured the document not long after its creation , and was prepared to share it internationally , one would have expected they would do it earlier .
Perhaps , since it is not terribly damaging , it received low priority ; it is plausible it was circulated elsewhere but not seen fit to use publicly , since it is not quite consistent with the usual inflated denunciations .
But note the following dramatic timeline :
T imeline
Sep 18 : Attempted Baidoa assassination of TFG President Abdulahi Yusuf .
President 's brother and 5 guards killed .
Oct 3 : Final edits to the Aweys document English translation .
Oct 14 : TFG sends the Aweys document images and the English translation to Chinese contacts .
Oct 16 : TFG ambassador to China receives “ The Great China Project ” message ( see below )
Nov 2 : President Yusuf arrives in Beijing .
Nov 4 : Forty - eight African countries that have diplomatic relations with China participate in a two - day Beijing summit .
The Somali conflict is on the agenda .
The “ Great China Project ” message is another WikiLeaks.org leak , from a different source , this time an intercept of Somali TNG diplomatic traffic :
I ntercepted diplomatic traffic
Subject : The Great China Project From : Faisal Ahmed Yusuf Date : Mon , 16 Oct 2006 01:57:45 +0400 Dear Amb. Mohamed Awil and Abdirahman Haji ; [...]
Brothers , as I was just talking to brother Syed Ali and Abdirahman , and having obtained now the consent , elderly blessing and directives of HE , the President , thanks to Syed Ali for that , it is about time to do the last few actions requested by CHEC .
The Preliminary delegate coming to Beijing for the meeting consist of : Ministers : 1 - Hon. Said Hassan Shire , Minister of Rebuilding and Resettlement .
( Invitation letters , tickets , and hotel arranged already ) .
2 - Hon. Abudlahi Yusuf Harare , Minister of Petroleum .
( Please correct the name for me if Harare is just nickname and not the official third name ) Brothers , as CHEC requested , we need to officially request a meeting between our above mentioned ministers and : 1 - With the Chinese Minister / Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( international Cooperation liaison office ) 2 - With the Chinese Minister / Ministry of Commerce .
3 - With the Governor of Export and Import Bank . [...]
YE , additionally , brothers there are some of us who are coming there to Beijing to lobby for the project , in a very SILENT manner we will be working from the background and support the Ministers , President delegates , Embassy so that the mission ends with the anticipated successes .
YE , additionally , brothers there are some of us who are coming there to Beijing to lobby for the project , in a very SILENT manner we will be working from the background and support the Ministers , President delegates , Embassy so that the mission ends with the anticipated successes .
A nalysis of intercepted traffic
Note carefully the relevant priority ministers .
Could there be a Somali oil rights for Chinese arms swap ?
Such oil rights would have to be renegotiated if the UIC controlled Somalia .
China also enjoys TFG money for infrastructure reconstruction projects .
O ther motivations for forgery
What other motivations are there for forgery ?
Anything embarrassing to Aweys and the UIC , which undercuts its alliances and internal cohesion , aids the TFG and its allies .
A forger does not want to appear over the top , but still wants to inflict damage on the target .
The damage here appears unreasonably mild for October 3 of this year .
If the intended audience were internal to Somalia , it does not seem likely to weaken the UIC drastically : the time to unite Puntland and Somaliland against the UIC had largely passed by Oct 3 .
Perhaps Puntland and Somaliland had received the document much earlier and kept it quiet .
If the intended audience were foreign , such as the US or Ethiopia , a forger would be expected to cater to those interests and their fear of radical Islam and terrorism .
A forger would have to make a plausible fake version of the document on paper , scan it into a computer , and write an English translation .
This seems beyond the TFG 's immediate concerns in October , as it struggled for its own existence ; but not beyond that of its foreign allies such as the US .
It is not implausible , and not without precedent : US spooks have a long history of leak fabrication .
But if the document is a forgery , one large question remains : the aim being to embarrass Aweys and the UIC , why was it not spread more broadly and given a more immediate date ?
If the audience were external , it should have been leaked further and made more use of by the US .
But there seems to be no evidence of this .
was the TFG trying to protect a UIC mole or protect a forgery from public scrutiny ?
If US intelligence was behind the forgery , was it worried about being caught out again influencing US domestic political opinion with its fabrications ?
One cannot conclude with certainty that the document is genuine or otherwise .
But based on the above analysis , it seems that either the document is genuine , slightly modified or is an earlier forgery recycled for the Chinese .
C onclusion
Today , the UIC 's ultimatum against Ethiopian troops in Baidoa has expired and fierce fighting rages .
Ethiopian forces have become involved , and there is potential for a wider regional war and great tragedy .
If the UN continues in its present role , blindly supporting the TFG as its legitimacy erodes and its ' seat of government ' is overrun , it cannot improve the situation .
If the US continues treating the UIC as if it consists primarily of terrorists , it will lose all credibility ( if it has not already ) among Somalis who , whatever their misgivings , appreciate the stability provided by the UIC .
The situation is far more complicated and interesting than any simplistic reading will imply .
If the leak is genuine , the secret order reveals insights into Aweys ' thinking and strategy .
If fake , it still says something about the intrigues of Somali and global politics .
But whatever the case , Somalis , together with the international community , should seek to understand Aweys and the UIC , in order to clarify what they are dealing with , and establish a lasting peace and good governance in Somalia .
N otes & References
