A group of CEOs pledged to change the way they do business .
Elizabeth Warren says they have n't .
The recordings of former slaves in Voices Remembering Slavery : Freed People Tell Their Stories took place between 1932 and 1975 in nine states .
Twenty - three interviewees discuss how they felt about slavery , slaveholders , coercion of slaves , their families , and freedom .
Several individuals sing songs , many of which were learned during the time of their enslavement .
It is important to note that all of the interviewees spoke sixty or more years after the end of their enslavement , and it is their full lives that are reflected in these recordings .
The individuals documented in this presentation have much to say about living as African Americans from the 1870s to the 1930s , and beyond .
All known recordings of former slaves in the American Folklife Center are included in this presentation .
Some are being made publicly available for the first time .
Unfortunately , not all the recordings are clearly audible .
Although the original tapes and discs are generally in good physical condition , background noise and poorly positioned microphones make it extremely difficult to follow many of the interviews .
It is important to note , that an additional 2300 non-audio interviews with ex-slaves are available online : Born in Slavery : Slave Narratives from the Federal Writers ' Project , 1936 - 1938 .
The contextual and interpretive material accompanying those interviews are often equally useful for understanding the recordings in this presentation .
Three of the recordings presented here were made for the Commonwealth of Virginia between 1937 and 1940 by Roscoe E. Lewis in affiliation with the Federal Writers ' Project ( FWP ) of the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) .
Another ten recordings are part of a 1300 - disc collection donated to the Library by the American Dialect Society in 1984 .
Five of these interviews were recorded by Lorenzo Dow Turner in 1932 and 1933 in the Gullah areas of South Carolina and Georgia .
The remainder were recorded by Archibald A. Hill and Guy S. Lowman in Virginia from 1934 to 1935 .
The remaining thirteen recordings were made by a number of different fieldworkers .
The earliest came from a 1935 recording expedition to Georgia , Florida , and the Bahamas by Alan Lomax , Zora Neale Hurston , and Mary Elizabeth Barnicle .
Their goal was to collect stories and music from African Americans in these areas .
In 1940 , John A. Lomax , who had recently been appointed honorary curator of the Library of Congress 's Archive of Folk Song , and his wife Ruby T. Lomax conducted interviews in Texas .
These were followed by recordings made in 1941 by Robert Sonkin ( in Alabama ) , and by John H. Faulk ( in Texas ) with support from a Rosenwald scholarship and the Library of Congress .
In 1941 , as part of a joint venture between the Library of Congress and Fisk University , Charles S. Johnson , Lewis W. Jones , John W. Work , and Alan and Elizabeth Lomax conducted interviews in Mississippi .
Hermond Norwood , a Library of Congress engineer at the time , recorded an interview in 1949 in Maryland .
The most recent interviews were conducted by Elmer E. Sparks in 1974 ( in Texas ) and 1975 ( in Florida ) .
Efforts were made to collect biographical information about the interviewees and interviewers .
Unfortunately , with few exceptions , only a small amount of information was found about the former slaves .
A book and numerous newspaper and magazine articles were written about Charlie Smith , who lived to be 137 .
Fountain Hughes was interviewed by the Towson , Maryland , Jeffersonian in 1952 when he was 101 .
Transcripts of WPA interviews with Samuel Polite and Dave White and with Billy McCrea 's brother are available , as are photographs and field notes related to several former slaves .
However , for most of the ex-slaves , it is their interviews that provide the most complete information about them .
More information is available about the people who conducted the interviews ; summaries are found in Biographies of the Interviewers .
The recordings in this online collection provide an opportunity for linguists to examine the development of Black English and the transformation of language over time .
Transcriptions of recordings received from the American Dialect Society are available for the first time in this presentation as are transcriptions of several other previously published interviews , including those made for the book The Emergence of Black English : Text and Commentary , edited by Guy Bailey , Natalie Maynor , and Patricia Cukor - Avila ( Philadelphia : John Benjamins Publishing Co. , 1991 ) and appear with slight modifications in this presentation .
American Folklife Center staff transcribed the remaining recordings .
The transcripts , for the most part , are presented in standard English ; however , as the audio tracks attest , the speakers all render their stories in a variety of dialects that reflect their heritage .
Recordings that suffer from poor audio quality have gaps in their transcriptions , but even in those cases , the transcriptions are a useful tool for following and understanding the interviews .
Twenty - eight songs ( or song fragments ) are included in the recordings .
Many of the songs are difficult to identify because folk melodies and lyrics tend to change over time .
Please note that this presentation was formerly called Voices from the Days of Slavery : Former Slaves Tell Their Stories .
Evidence from a respected scientific body to a parliamentary inquiry examining the behaviour of climate - change scientists , was drawn from an energy industry consultant who argues that global warming is a religion , the Guardian can reveal .
The submission , from the Institute of Physics ( IOP ) , suggested that scientists at the University of East Anglia had cherry - picked data to support conclusions and that key reconstructions of past temperature could not be relied upon .
The evidence was given to the select committee on science and technology , which is investigating emails from climate experts at the University of East Anglia that were released online last year .
The committee interviewed witnesses on Monday , including Phil Jones , the scientist from the university 's climatic research unit ( CRU ) , who is at the heart of the controversy .
The Guardian has established that the institute prepared its evidence , which was highly critical of the CRU scientists , after inviting views from Peter Gill , an IOP official who is head of a company in Surrey called Crestport Services .
According to Gill , Crestport offers " consultancy and management support services … particularly within the energy and energy intensive industries worldwide " , and says that it has worked with " oil and gas production companies including Shell , British Gas , and Petroleum Development Oman " .
In an article in the newsletter of the IOP south central branch in April 2008 , which attempted to downplay the role carbon dioxide plays in global warming , Gill wrote : " If you do n't ' believe ' in anthropogenic climate change , you risk at best ridicule , but more likely vitriolic comments or even character assassination .
Unfortunately , for many people the subject has become a religion , so facts and analysis have become largely irrelevant . "
In November Gill commented , on the Times Higher Education website : " Poor old CRU have been seriously hacked .
The emails and other files are all over the internet and include how to hide atmospheric cooling . "
The institute submission accused the East Anglia university scientists of " apparent suppression , in graphics widely used by the IPCC , of proxy results for recent decades that do not agree with contemporary instrumental temperature measurements " .
This appears to refer to an email sent by Jones in which he said he had used a " trick " to " hide the decline " in a temperature series derived from tree - ring data , but which refers to a widely known feature of that data .
The IOP evidence concluded that the emails had " worrying implications for the integrity of scientific research in this field " .
That was used by climate sceptics to bolster claims that the email affair , dubbed " climategate " , showed the scientists did not behave properly and that the problem of global warming was exaggerated .
The IOP has already been forced to issue a clarification that the evidence does not undermine the scientific basis for climate change .
But many experts think this does not go far enough .
In an open letter to the institute , Andy Russell , an IOP member who works on climate at the University of Manchester , says : " If the IOP continues to stand by this statement then I will have no other option but to reconsider my membership . "
He says the allegation of data suppression is " incorrect and irresponsible " .
The institute says its evidence was based on suggestions from the energy subcommittee of its science board .
It would not reveal who sat on this sub-commitee , but confirmed that Gill was a member .
A spokeswoman for the institute said Gill was not the main source of information nor did the evidence primarily reflect his views ; other members of the sub - commitee were also critical of CRU .
However the IOP would not reveal names because they would get " dragged into a very public and highly politicised debate " .
Gill told the Guardian he helped prepare the submission but many of his suggestions were not in the final document .
The IOP added that the submission was approved by three members of its science board , but would not reveal their names .
The Guardian contacted several members of the board , including its chairman , Denis Weaire , a physicist at Trinity College Dublin .
All said that they had little direct role in the submission .
The institute supplied a statement from an anonymous member of its science board , which said : " The institute should feel relaxed about the process by which it generated what is , anyway , a statement of the obvious . "
It added : " The points [ the submission ] makes are ones which we continue to support , that science should be practised openly and in an unbiased way .
However much we sympathise with the way in which CRU researchers have been confronted with hostile requests for information , we believe the case for openness remains just as strong . "
Evan Harris , a member of the science and technology select committee , said : " Members of the Institute of Physics … may be concerned that the IOP is not as transparent as those it wishes to criticise . "
Dear Facebook ,
I appreciate your service .
I really do .
I 'm sure that many of your 400 million active users appreciate it as well .
But now that you have a market value estimated at billions of dollars , it is time for you to start acting like a grown - up company .
That means you have to provide basic security for your customers .
And it means responding when your customers try to contact you , as I did recently to talk about an important security issue .
Do you think you will be able to hold on to 400 million users if you treat them that way , and if you put their computers at risk ?
I do n't .
As you can see , I have had to resort to writing an open letter on Computerworld 's Web site , because all other attempts to get through to you were unsuccessful .
I will be interested to see whether you respond to representatives from the media , or if you ignore everyone equally .
Maybe you figure you have all 400 million of us over a barrel , since you provide a primary method of business contact and personal communication .
Just keep in mind that MySpace was once the premier social networking site , and it was replaced -- by you .
Here is what I wanted to talk to you about , though :
You are leaving your users open to a major security risk .
Five minutes ago , I clicked on a page on your site , causing a new window to open that urgently warned me that my system was loaded with viruses .
I was encouraged to click a link in order to run a program that would rescue my machine , but I did n't do that ; I know malware when I see it , and I do n't allow scripts to run on my computer .
The problem is that many of your 400 million users do n't know very much about malware .
And by allowing things like that pop -up window from your site , you are putting their computers at risk .
And that 's bad news for all of us , since the likely result will be even more botnets in the world .
This was the fifth time in a month that something like this happened to me on your site .
Now , if it happened to me that often , how many millions of times did it happen to all those other Facebook users ?
Why are Facebook users being exposed to risk this way ?
Because you allow advertisers on your site who provide malicious links .
Worse , you seem to do nothing to prevent such " ads " from running programs when someone loads the page .
A company with 400 million customers that 's worth billions should be able to filter out these attacks .
I know plenty of sites run by much smaller entities that do as much .
And I do n't know of any other major site that allows this sort of thing to happen .
And that is why I tried to contact you personally before writing this open letter .
That experience taught me that contacting customer service at Facebook is clearly the biggest waste of time on the Internet .
That says a lot .
I know : I and all of your millions of other users are able to use your site for free .
But is that really an excuse for exposing us to dangerous stuff ?
Like you , Google provides a free service and makes its money by selling ads .
But I 've never had a problem like this using Google .
Compare that with five times in a month .
You also might be interested to know that I have grown to doubt that Facebook can be trusted as a place to conduct business .
I can't understand why you would n't do more to avoid that perception .
I do n't think I am alone in thinking it .
In my case , I lost my faith in your reliability when , for some unknown reason , you deleted a fan page that I had created .
I lost data in that incident , and ( big surprise ) all efforts to contact you to talk about how I might get it back went nowhere .
If you 're reading this , let me tell you that I still want my data back .
I hope I hear from you .
Ideally , you would respond with a carefully crafted plan of action .
But a vague promise to do better would be pretty good .
Heck , at this point , even a denial that there is a problem would be better than what I 've seen from you so far .
But I think you can do better than that .
I think that now that you 're a major company , you 'll want to start acting like a grown - up .
I think you 'll do that because you know that users are n't going to stand by a company that treats them badly .
So , Facebook , what 's it going to be ?
Thanks ,
Ira Winkler
Frustrated Facebook user and Computerworld columnist
Ira Winkler is president of Internet Security Advisors Group and author of the book Spies Among Us .
He can be contacted through his Web site , irawinkler.com .
The Checklist Manifesto
by Atul Gawande | Profile | $ 29.99
UNTIL a decade or so ago , severe trauma was managed in a fragmented way in Australian hospitals .
Ambulances took seriously injured patients to the nearest hospital , but they often did n’t have the diagnostic or management capabilities to deal with complex cases .
And so , in a rare instance of interdisciplinary cooperation , all of the players involved in the care of injured patients worked together to develop checklists .
Paramedics were given a checklist to help keep the patient in the best possible shape until they reached the hospital .
Emergency department staff used a checklist of conditions to triage patients and activate the trauma team , with up to eight doctors and nurses working together like a formula one crew changing a tyre and refuelling .
Each member had a role dictated by a checklist .
Then there were checklists to funnel the patient though the next possible steps : further investigations ; more immediate action ; a trip straight to an operating theatre ; or admission to the intensive care unit .
And so checklists drive the patient via a continuum of coordinated care through the hospital and into rehabilitation .
This method of managing severe trauma is a great example of what the American surgeon and New Yorker contributor Atul Gawande advocates in his new book , The Checklist Manifesto .
In essence , he argues that medicine can be practised more effectively if doctors and administrators standardise the steps that can be standardised and free up decision - making for the more complex and unpredictable problems .
As in his first two books , Complications and Better , Atul Gawande thinks outside the box , in this case using many non-medical examples to show how complex procedures are made easier by checklists .
But as the trauma example shows , the idea of using checklists is not new in health .
Indeed , the use of checklists by airline pilots to make flying one of the safest forms of transport – one of Gawande ’s case studies – has been a model for healthcare management for many years .
What Gawande does is to take the argument a step further and discuss the challenge of how to make sure that checklist systems are not only designed but implemented and maintained .
He takes us to the World Health Organization headquarters in Geneva , where whole walls of bookshelves are stocked with policy documents , pamphlets , booklets and “ position statements ” put together by experts from around the world .
This rings bells for all of us working directly in healthcare delivery .
Fact finding documents and policies abound on every bookshelf , or nowadays in every computer , but those who deliver healthcare and who are ultimately responsible for implementing the policies rarely find them of much use .
Gawande puts a strong case for changing the focus from policy to implementation .
He uses examples that all of us could relate to , such as the use of concise and intuitively appealing checklists in routine surgery .
Significantly , however , he reports great resistance to their uptake among his colleagues .
But it is the decentralisation of decision - making , which Gawande discusses elsewhere in the book , that I found particularly interesting .
Gawande uses the powerful example of the events around Cyclone Katrina to emphasise the importance of devolving responsibility within the healthcare system .
According to Gawande , the head of Walmart in the United States has admitted that neither he nor his board had any idea what was happening on the ground in New Orleans as a result of the cyclone .
They empowered their staff on the ground to do what was necessary to help , and staff members worked quickly and creatively within this broad brief .
They soon understood the extent of the suffering and threats to life and believed it was within their brief to care for the whole population of New Orleans , where possible , rather than protecting the contents of their stores .
The goods in the stores , distributed for free , saved lives and reduced suffering .
Meantime , government and other private organisations were paralysed ( even to this day ) into inaction and delay .
This is a very different subject from checklists and may almost be the opposite type of challenge – so much so that one could make an argument for adding “ decentralisation ” to “ checklists ” in the title .
Decentralisation in medicine is difficult .
The system operates within centuries - old hierarchies , where the doctor “ in charge ” of the patient has responsibility for total care even if he or she is only there for a fraction of the time .
Like many doctors , Atul Gawande is a busy man .
He operates on patients , works in an intensive care unit , runs a research centre , travels extensively and writes articles and books .
He obviously cannot be at his patient ’s bedside 24 / 7 .
He must devolve part of the responsibility for the care of his patients to doctors in training and nursing staff .
Yet redefining traditional roles and providing appropriate training in order to devolve real authority and responsibility is not common in medicine .
Nursing staff record vital signs such as pulse rate and blood pressure but are not empowered to act on them .
They call trainee medical staff who may or may not be able to deal with all the possible emergencies that can occur in surgical patients .
Increasingly , the surgical procedure is straightforward ; it is the multiple medical co-morbidities that a patient comes into hospital with that result in serious complications and deaths .
Management of these patients requires a different system , built around the needs of the patient rather than the admitting doctor , structured in ways that we are yet to explore .
Gawande also discusses the decentralisation of responsibility , emphasising that everyone involved in the construction of multi-storey buildings , for example , is individually empowered to draw attention to any potential fault in the building .
He discusses how the empowerment of everyone in the system is as important as and , indeed , supersedes other checklists when they fail .
The United States spends more than any country on health , and yet it rates thirty - seventh in the world on WHO criteria .
Currently , the US health system records more potentially preventable deaths than almost any other system in the world .
Gawande is aiming to overcome major inherent challenges when he discusses ways to integrate checklists and decentralisation into a system centred so fundamentally on the individual doctor–patient relationship .
The most obvious reason for its failings is that the US system operates on a for - profit basis .
Doctors who are paid per item and per patient are unlikely to devolve too much responsibility , or to refer too much of their potential income to others for further treatment , or to choose not to perform a procedure when it is their income at stake .
It is especially difficult to encourage checklists , teamwork and devolution of power and responsibility in such a climate .
As an Australian intensive care specialist I could relate to Gawande ’s account of a man who was operated on in a community hospital and developed such serious complications after fairly routine surgery that he was transferred to the author ’s hospital .
He was then subject to prolonged intensive care and multiple operations .
Gawande sees this as a win because , against the odds , the patient left hospital , but he does n’t discuss the failure of a different kind of checklist to warn the patient against having surgery in smaller hospitals by clinicians who do not perform the procedure often , or do so without proven good results .
Nor does he discuss the inevitable outcome after such prolonged support in an intensive care unit – long - term unemployment , sleep disorders , pain , sexual dysfunction , nightmares and perhaps post - traumatic stress syndrome .
The man was forced to sell his previously successful business and his home and move in with his sister , presumably to pay his medical bills .
Towards the end of the book Gawande proposes that research into how patients can benefit from health systems reform is just as important as the more conventional research into new drugs and procedures .
Recent research has shown that systems designed to respond rapidly to patients who are deteriorating in hospitals can reduce death rates and cardiac arrest rates by up to one third .
There are very few new drugs or procedures that have demonstrated such impressive outcomes .
As someone who works in an institution conducting such research – the Australian Institute for Health Innovation – I would join with Gawande in urging governments and the research community to invest more in health services research for developing and evaluating new and innovative patient - centred systems .
The US health system is indeed different from most others in the world , but this in fact makes Gawande ’s ideas even more exceptional and exciting .
He not only challenges the way we deliver healthcare but offers creative and constructive ways to change it .
The subject is tackled head - on in a clear and entertaining style .
Once again , Atul Gawande examines shortcomings in healthcare , and at the same time , explores practical and easily grasped ways of improving the system . •
I am pleased to announce , that my Spelling Toy for Kids is now available on the iTunes Store .
The first five respondents to this article will receive a Promotional Code to download the app for free !
( Edit : all promo codes dished out … if you really want one and will publicly review my app in your blog , I ’ll dig up another promo code for you . )
Features
The Slovakian authorities used one to send a message to Dublin that one of their test packages of explosives had not been picked up during their security test and had arrived in the city in the luggage of the poor electrician coming home from his holiers .
I only remember ever seeing a telex machine once before , in a solicitors , in 1989 .
I ’m sure many people have never seen one before and do n’t know how it works .
Anyone care to share their telex memories ?
07/01/2020
by Jeremy Hooper
This is an archive of Good As You , as it existed from 2005 – 2018 .
While further updates are unlikely , this site will remain online indefinitely as an historical record of the LGBTQ rights movement during some of its most crucial battles on both the nationwide and state level .
For over a decade , G - A - Y served as an invaluable tool , providing impactful opposition research , thought - leading commentary , and a healthy dose of quick wit .
Hopefully this historical record will serve future activists as they take the ball and run it further toward the ultimate goal of full equality .
------------------
------------------
07/10/2018
Exactly how entrenched in the Bush marriage war was Brett Kavanaugh ?
by Jeremy Hooper
On October 2 , 2003 , the Office of the Public Liaison at the Bush White House sent around a press release to a short list of only four names .
The press release was from the rabidly anti-LGBTQ Concerned Women For America , and the subject was the Bush administration 's then - nascent effort to turn the United States Constitution into a weapon against same - sex couples .
The whole point of the email was to highlight how CWA and its then - president , the truly extreme Sandy Rios , was standing in praise of their boss , the president .
To wit :
Mostly standard stuff of that painful Bush era .
Here in 2018 , it could remain exactly that .
Except for one thing : one of the four people on that short email chain was the man who is now close to becoming the next justice of the Supreme Court of the United States :
Yup , that ’s right : Brett Kavanaugh , then an assistant / secretary within the Bush White House , was right there front and center during that painful chapter in American history .
He was in the room where it happened , so to speak .
To be fair , we do n’t know for sure how he reacted .
He might have secretly opposed the Bush marriage war .
He might have been uncomfortable with promoting someone like Sandy Rios , what with her truly extreme agenda that includes “ changing ” gay people .
He might have scoffed at this email .
We just do n’t know .
KEEP READING ...
06/06/2018
Masterpiece : A ( dangerous ) nothingburger that will change nothing ( and maybe everything )
by Jeremy Hooper
Since I was once so vocal about these so - called “ religious freedom ” cases , a number of people have asked me to jumped back on here and weigh in on the Masterpiece Cakes decision in longer form than my Twitter habits ( @goodasyou ) will allow .
So here are a few thoughts .
1 ) I ’m not surprised .
Based on what we heard in court , I expected to lose .
Not because we should ’ve lost , but because we very much live in a country where questions regarding religion can be morphed and twisted in a way that obscures fact , even among learned people .
Even among liberal - minded Supreme Court justices .
To fully understand the full range of complexities associated with anti-LGBTQ cases like this one , one needs a very specific and rarefied skills set .
One needs to understand what organizations like the Alliance Defending Freedom are and what they what they really one .
One needs to be able to read the subtext within the carefully crafted legal briefs .
One needs to have years of experience dealing with these aggressors to know why they are twisting and turning the way that they are .
Very few people have this sort of obsessive knowledge base , which is why opinions like the Masterpiece one are so annoying for those of us who have done our homework .
We see so many truths that we know will go unexplored in court and unexamined by the mainstream media .
KEEP READING ...
03/07/2018
Yes , I teach my child to resist
by Jeremy Hooper
Even in the moment , as devastating and other - worldly as it was , I made note of the way she was looking at me .
At age three , a child can have strange reactions to a parent ’s emotions .
Sometimes they nervously laugh .
Other times they recoil in an outsized way .
Savannah , someone who has always been hard on herself whenever she thinks she has upset someone , has ( and had ) a tendency to turn into a problem solver who throws out a million on - the - spot ways she might be able to help lighten the situation .
But this time was different .
This time she was staring at me in a very deliberative way .
She was studying me with a curiosity , each of us surprising ourselves with what instantly felt like a new chapter in life .
It was November 9 , 2016 — the day my child still remembers as the first time she saw me cry .
It ’s a day she still talks about on th regular .
And she does n’t talk about it as a self - contained memory .
Instead , she casually drops in into conversation .
As in ,
“ Hey Savannah , what are some things that make people cry ? ” ” Uhm , when you lose a balloon , when you fall in hurt your knee , when Hillary Clinton loses to Donald Trump , or when you do n’t want to go to bed and your daddy makes you . ”
We ’re working on the last one .
The third one , however , is known in our family as a perfectly reasonable , throughly logical , virtually duty - bound response to the election of a person whose character , values , experience , and temperament make him a threat to just about everything we hold dear .
We do n’t portray the president as a monster , since we of course do n’t want to scare her .
We obviously do n’t voice our global fears , as we take our role in allevativing rather than exacerbating her worry quite seriously .
In fact , we do n’t even bring up the subject of the Trump presidency unprovoked .
It ’s just that we have a very bright child on our hands , and she questions everything she hears .
Like , seriously — ev. er. y. thing .
Since she does have questions , we have no choice but to empower her with facts .
When she asks if we like them , the answer is a very direct , “ No , based on everything we know about this person , we do not like him being our president . ”
When she asks if he is nice , the answer is a measured but certain , “ No , sadly he has not shown himself to be a nice person . ”
When she wonders how long he will be president , we make it clear that we hope to get him out of office as soon as we possibly can , and we explain , in a way that a four - year - old can better understand , that this is because we care immensely about both the country that we love and the office that he holds .
We essentially tell her that this person is a mistake who never should have found himself into the Oval Office .
This then leads to a whole discussion about ovals and how they ’re shaped liked eggs .
Then she asks for eggs for dinner .
Then she asks to crack them .
Then she wonders if she can have a play date .
And we move on .
Kids ’ attention spans , am I right ?
Yet whenever the conversation returns , as it inevitably does , we again make it clear : we proudly resist this presidency , and we encourage you to do the same .
In her movie , he is not frightening like Ursula or Maleficent .
He ’s kind of like a combination of Gaston and Le Fou : a misguided soul in need of further education , a few years of yoga , and a hug .
For her , resistance means simply adhering to the basics that she learns in preschool everyday .
In fact , she has kind of taught me a thing or to about how to resist .
We talk about it .
This is not how I would have raised a child during the George W. Bush era , even as that administration was pushing a Federal Marriage Amendment that arguably threatened my family even more directly .
Yes , I would have made it clear to my child that we rejected things that this person was promoting , and yes I would have ensured her that her daddies will always protect her .
I do n’t , however , believe I would have cared so deeply about her knowing that we are experiencing a time where those of us who know and want better must step up and make things better .
In that and similar times , I believe I could ’ve kept her fully detached from anything resembling political or governmental affairs .
At this time , however , it feels like I would be neglecting my duty as a dad who wants my child to develop a strong conscience and values set if I just overlooked or sidestepped the things she hears and questions .
I do n’t want her remembering this time and wondering whether her parents were silent .
Or worse , complicit .
Savannah has processed this information stream and come up with two takeaways that she will tell anyone who will listen :
She will use her powers of niceness to change the president and better her country .
More people voted for Hillary Clinton .
That feels like a parenting win .
Going to bed a caterpillar , waking a ‘ Failed loser butterfly .
Sad . ’
by Jeremy Hooper
Sure , the TEA Party started making things weird even before our current decade began .
And yes , the attacks on President Obama started trending off the political pages and into high school slambooks .
I do n’t want to be halcyon about an era that had an ability to feel hallucinatory .
But still , the political game from 2004 – 2016 was largely played in the same basic arena that we had known throughout modern history .
With a studied understanding of governmental affairs and the ability to form opinions , both the dedicated political pro and the armchair commentator could find an entry point .
The game might lead to a love / hate relationship , but the basic parameters of that relationship were understandable .
Consensual .
What the hell happened to that place ?!
And what is this twisted new world ?
And how do we leave ?
When I stepped away from daily commentary writing and turned my focus toward my family , I felt really good about where we were .
Nothing was perfect , but it felt relatively calm .
Problems felt like they were at least in search of solutions , even if those answers were still down the road .
There at least seeemed to be a road .
I felt okay getting off of it for a spell and letting others drive us forward .
Entering back into the picture now , I feel like someone who spent a decade obtaining an advanced degree in a subject that no longer exists .
Like someone who recorded 60 Minutes , only to have the DVR replace it with a particularly lowbrow Real Housewives episode .
A president tweeting insults at an actor who portays him on SNL is how something unremarkable .
A son - in - law serving in a senior White House role without a security clearance no elicits casual eye - rolling rather than national outrage .
Former caddies are now senior communications officials .
Porn stars sue the president .
Resignations are as common as press briefings .
We slur and ban and wall - in minority groups .
Russia chooses our Secretary of State .
Jailtime seems more likely than not for several key figures .
Forget talking about legislation .
Silly child , that ’s no longer a thing .
To be a political commentator in 2018 , one must instead perform psychoanalysis on a president who does n’t seem to have even a basic understanding of his role , on inexperienced colleagues who seem both complicit and disdainful in equal measure , and on scandals that range from National Enquirer to global inquiry .
And then when there is an actual policy discussion , say on guns or on DACA or trasngender military access , the information stream is so muddled and confusing , led at the top by a man with the vocabulary of Nelson Muntz ’s less intellectually curious cousin and carried out by a GOP leadership cabal that just wants to ramrod in anything they can before this Devil ’s bargain runs out , that someone with a heart for reasoned debate and sound policy has almost no chance at achieving a toehold .
And no , this is n’t a byproduct of being a left - leaner coming up for air in a world that turned right .
This new world is not right ( in any sense ) .
I love a good debate with the conservative side , and I spent years having that conversation at a time when my movement was lost in the political wilderness .
I ’m quite comfortable in an underdog role .
I like making an against - the - odds case .
What I ’m not comfortable with doing is pretending anything going on right now is normal .
Or good for our country .
Or safe .
Or even humane .
To even concede that this is a “ new normal ” is , to my mind , an exceedingly dangerous choice for the continuation of our nation .
If young people in particular see this crude and cruel experiment as something to replicate , we will become an unrecognizable people .
And I liked us how we were before , despite our considerable flaws .
03/04/2018
Because I have thoughts about things
by Jeremy Hooper
So parenting is a lot .
Like a whole lot .
As in it ’s impossible to compare to anything I ’ve ever done prior in life .
In the three years since I stepped away from daily updates on this site to spend the bulk of my time shaping a tiny human , I have pushed myself harder , worked myself longer , sacrificed sleep more readily , practiced patience more studiously , been humbled more frequently , and Doc McStuffins - ed more Doc McStuffins - ingly than I ever thought possible .
And while individual moments have been trying , the journey has been a dream — far more than I ever knew to believe possible .
My child is soaring ; my soul follows suit .
But now we are turning a corner , of sorts .
With age comes independence .
With increased schooling comes more time for daddy .
And for this daddy , more time means more ability to get back to myself as a writer .
Not only is it something I want for myself , as a means to get these thoughts of my head and to sort them out the way that I have always found both meaningful and therapeutic , but something I also want for my kid .
I want her to know this part of me .
I am going to get back to updating this site on a semi-regular basis .
It will not be what it was before .
G - A - Y from 2004 –2015 will for now and forever be an archive of a very specific time in the LGBT rights movement .
It is a time that feels logically encapsulated for me personally , but a time that I also believe to be neatly bookended in the grander sense .
The journey from Massachusetts marriage equality to the Supreme Court ’s Obergerfell decision is an epic one .
G - A - Y ’s coverage of this period is epochal .
There are findings and developments and documentation from this period that are exclusive to this site , and the gritty archives will remain part of the canon indefinitely .
While I have been doing similar work behind the scenes for the past two years ( you ’ve likely seen some things that have my brain - prints on them ) , I do n’t feel like I could even do the daily coverage that I did for over a decade .
Things have changed in oh so many ways both locally and globally .
But something else that was always part of the G - A - Y brand was taking a positive tone even with things seemed dire .
My major motivation back in the early aughts was to help the movement rise above on high road even while our political opposition tried to drag us down in thicker and more limiting mud .
It was the only way I knew .
It ’s still the only way I know .
Even more so now , in this era where behavior that was as unthinkable as it was inexcusable when I began this site are now daily occurrences .
Ours is a time that needs a lot of help in oh so many ways .
One way I believe I can help is to put some positivity out into the world .
I do n’t know what the means exactly in terms of content .
Will I still cover LGBT matters ?
Occasionally , sure .
But also guns .
And pizza .
And the midterm elections .
And the children ’s books I ’ve been working on .
And that great TV show I happened to catch .
And early education , for which I have found a real passion .
Over time , this might all shape up into a more crystallized vision .
Maybe it will not , and this platform from 2018 onward will be hodgepodge of personal musings that serve the self more than a greater purpose .
I do n’t know .
I do know that I want to get back to writing , and that this remains my home for daily commentary that exceeds social media character limits .
It feels good to be back .
02/28/2017
' Renewal of American Spirit '
by Jeremy Hooper
For LGBTQ people and our associated rights , the second decade of the 21st century has been a time of unprecedented progress .
Despite setbacks and goals yet achieved , we are living in landmark times for our civil rights movement , and the history books will surely reflect this rise .
But it did n’t necessarily feel that way at millennium ’s turn .
Throughout the aughts , we experienced a number of setbacks that made the road ahead seem stark , lonely , and treacherous .
It was a depressing time ; it was a dispiriting time .
Wins seemed out of reach around 2004 , and after .
And yet we persisted .
LGBTQ people and allies dug down and did enoromous work .
Costly work .
Tedious work .
Often soul - crushing and back - breaking work .
But work that we proudly took on because we knew that the end justified the rough means of the day .
That journey , from the wilderness of the 2000s to the monumental gains of the 2010s , represents the American spirit at its finest .
Digging in and standing firm at times when the ground seems the softest and the trails so poorly lit is fundamental to American spirit .
It is this spirit that propels a movement through scary votes , bad polling , well funded opponents , and threats of physical and mental persecution .
This gritty determination is a uniting aspect of the American character .
It is a spirit that people from all walks of life , and all political parties , roundly applaud .
This journey across the 21st century ’s first sixteen years was , in essence , a renewal for the LGBTQ rights movement in America .
It was , up until recently , a journey that felt like it was headed in one decided direction .
While we knew there were tough fights ahead , and while we were ( and are ) prepared to fight them , it was easy to get caught up in the history of these moments and see them as the irreversible gains of an enlightened society .
One could be forgiven for taking the time to celebrate --- and breathe .
And yet here we are .
Here we are at --- something .
A crossroads ?
A plateau ?
An avalanche ?
A tiny flick on the arm that we ’ll barely notice in the long run ?
We ’re at a --- something .
But it would be hard for most LGBTQ activists to say where we are now is at a time of “ renewal of the American spirit . ”
For us , that renewal is sort of what we ’ve been living through for the past few years .
Times were initially bleak , then we moved forward to a White House that was literally illuminated in pride colors .
Because of the deep spirit of our movement , we experienced our great renaissance .
It felt like a renewal , it certainly felt spirited , and it damn well felt American .
And so as the President gears up to address Congress with a much - ballyhooed speech his administration is shaping under the theme “ Renewal of the American Spirit , ” the LGBTQ community has to wonder how , exactly , the decisions we have already seen from this 45th presidency make up a renewal for us as Americans .
How does a Cabinet with a Rick Perry and a Tom Price and a Ben Carson ( to name just three outspoken anti-LGBTQ activists in the ranks ) represent hope for administrative policies that might reflect our lives ?
How does an administration that floats a draft of an anti-LGBT executive order supposed to feel like a friend ?
How does that same administration make us feel respected , to say nothing of protected , when it ’s near - certain that a so - called “ religious freedom ” executive order ( which would grant anti-LGBTQ activists some measure of protection when they discriminate against us , so long as they use religion as justification ) is going to drop any day now ?
How does transgender students feel safe when this administration just removed guidance granting them the right to pee in peace ?
Looking toward the Congress that the President will be addressing , how do we take comfort when both the Speaker and the Majority Leader have abysmal voting records on our rights , current members have taken multiple steps to weaken the effects of our gains , and the President has indicated he would sign the anti-LGBTQ movement ’s most sought - after legislation ?
“ Renewal of the American Spirit ? ”
Can easily feel more like a cancellation .
It ’s of course no shock for politicians to use overstated maxims to sell a campaign , speech , or policy proposal .
In fact , one will find instances of Kennedy , Nixon , and Reagan using the “ Renewal of American Spirit ” theme , verbatim .
That slogan , like “ Make America Great Again , ” was actually a favored phrase of Ronald Reagan ’s campaigns and administration .
In that sense , it ’s a somewhat innocuous theme for President Trump ’s first address to a joint session of Congress .
And yet it ’s not .
I ’m of course only focusing on LGBTQ , but many Americans feel that we far from a time of renewal .
Even ardent Trump supporters seem to see this more as a time for building a whole new enterprise than a time for renewing anything of recent memory , from either party .
This was reflected in the President ’s dystopia inauguration speech , and it is ingrained in just about every move he has made since .
Despite its “ great again ” tendencies , this is not an administration that seems to be that concerned with customs or traditions or protocol , favoring the construction of new walls over the return to deeply rooted American norms .
For LGBTQ people , it ’s only more pronounced because the renewal we just lived through was so strong .
The conceit of taking steps backward every other decade , as if someone is flicking on and off the lights in some sort of sick trick against our lives , is not a set of terms that we are willing to accept .
If the coming years are going to build on rather than weaken our progress , this administration is going to have to prove it with tangible promises , not slogans .
Our spirit shall not be crushed behind anyone ’s twisted sense of renewal .
02/16/2017
Why ca n’t we ever stop talking about Russia ?
by Jeremy Hooper
I ’m not saying there ’s a direct connection .
But it is weird .
If you followed politics anytime between 2013 –2015 , you are certainly aware of the preponderance of stories surrounding LGBTQ rights and the Russian government ’s hostility toward them .
From the 2013 “ gay propaganda law ” to the controversies surrounding the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , to the many stories about American anti-LGBTQ activists ’ acting in concert with Russian activists in order to strategize around shared concerns , there was a three year period of time where just about any domestic story that popped up about the Eurasian nation or its President , Vladimir Putin , somehow involved LGBTQ rights , either in part or in full .
Firsthand stories about the frightening state of being LGBTQ in Putin ’s Russia were everywhere at the time ( see here and here and here and here and here and here ) .
The outsized focus sort of came out of nowhere .
For those of us who did follow this stuff so closely ( and especially for those of us who also watch The Americans ) , it was almost surreal to then find Russia a daily talking point throughout the 2016 election .
And of course now , Russia is in the news in an even bigger way , as the pivot point that ’s turning a growing crop of concerns about the nascent Trump administration into a tempest of potential scandal :
It ’s certainly peculiar to find this one nation so ubiquitous in our lives and headlines here in the U.S.
What ’s even more bizarre is how closely related to the whole thing Donald Trump was back then , when LGBTQ rights were the big focus and well before he was in a political role .
Back in 2013 , there was a massive blowup about the Miss Universe pageant , which he then owned being hosted in Moscow .
LGBTQ rights activists were outraged at the choice and called for the pageant to be moved .
But not only did the pageant stay in Moscow , but the then - reality TV host , now - POTUS publicly ( and now infamously ) wondered if he could become best buds with President Putin while in the capital city .
At this same time , Trump also told out gay newsman Thomas Roberts that the two do indeed have a relationship .
At the very least , is n’t it strange ?
A man who was known only as an entertainer and birth certificate hunter , reaching out in a truly bizarre way to a world leader who had backed draconian anti-LGBTQ laws in his nation , now shocking the nation by becoming the President of the United States under a thick and growing cloud of suspicion that this same world leader and his affiliates were somehow involved in the outcome .
It ’s one of those things that I probably would n't put into a novel out of fear of implausibility .
But while the whole thing is bizarre to just about everyone , for LGBTQ activists , it ’s on another level .
The period of time when LGBTQ rights dominated the Russian conversation here at home neatly abuts the time when the Russian conversation pivoted toward the election , and there are so many coincidences between them .
Back then , we were always talking about the anti-LGBTQ activists who were making odd and suspect trips to visit Kremlin officials , and now this same crop of activists is simply over the moon about the election outcome .
Back then , we were talking about Russian propaganda laws at a time when our own domestic conversation was largely about marriage equality , and now our domestic LGBTQ conversation has heavily shifted toward our own matters of expression and representation in the public square .
Back then , some of President Obama ’s allies and donors faced sanctions because of support for LGBTQ rights , and now we wake up to daily stories about potential meddling in an election that many saw as a referendum to build on or upend President Obama ’s legacy .
Oh , and one through - line connecting then and now ?
Donald J. Trump .
The friendship for which Trump once longed in a tweet has only seemed to grow in the subsequent years :
Again , I ’m not saying there ’s a direct connection linking all this mess .
But it is weird .
© G-A- Y / www.goodasyou.org
Considering that some of the staffers within proximity of the alleged slurs were reportedly pointing cameras toward the crowd , this would seem like easy money if the story is true .
As Michael Moynihan pointed out earlier this week , the anecdote has been presented as fact all over the journalism world .
Link via Instapundit .
Now run my health care !
Are n't there a coupla wars going on ?
A financial crisis ?
Health - care debates ?
Oscar brouhahas ?
Decent weather for a change ?
It 's good to know that the Federal Communications Commission , among the least useful of any government agency to last into the 21st century ( or the really way too long 20th century ) , is resolute in working through its backlog of indecency complaints like Eric Massa through his male staff after , like , " 15 gin and tonics " ( gins and tonic ? ) .
After a hiatus of what numerous attorneys say is close to two years , the FCC has begun to follow up on some of the one million - plus indecency complaints it has acknowledged are in its pipeline , including one concerning a Dr. Phil episode that aired four years ago … .
But the Supreme Court 's remand and / or reversal of both decisions [ the Nipplegate thing and swearing on Fox during awards shows ] , and a new FCC chairman vowing to clear out a backlog of complaints of all types , has once again inspired action on the indecency front .
" They have a ton of those things , and I think they are just trying to push them out , " said one of the communications attorneys .
He said that the complaint letter he was familiar with targeted a 2006 episode of Dr. Phil dealing with masturbation .
He said that before this letter went out , it had been " approximately forever " - certainly more than a year - since he had seen a letter of inquiry on indecency out of the FCC .
More from Broadcasting & Cable 's account here .
Let 's not quibble about anything here .
And let 's not dally in trying to banish the proximity of Dr. Phil and masturbation from our brains .
If this is what the government is spending ( read : wasting ) its time and money doing , then it really should just give up .
What the hell .
Here 's a link to the FCC 's complaint page , which is typically being overrun by humanoid outrage - a- bots following orders from the Parents Television Council .
Why not file a complaint against the agency isself ?
And remember , this FCC is the same agency that will likely be given the keys to the internets if any sort of " net neutrality " legislation ever gets passed .
A long - awaited analysis found the Senate healthcare bill would raise insurance premiums for some , lower others and leave some essentially untouched , further entrenching both parties in their positions for and against the bill .
Senate Democrats and Republicans seized on the report issued Monday by the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) and the Joint Committee on Taxation ( JCT ) to bolster their arguments on the same day the floor debate formally commenced .
ADVERTISEMENT
To Democrats , the report affirms the bill offers affordable access to healthcare to tens of millions of people without insurance while offering modest relief to the nearly 160 million people who receive insurance through their jobs .
“ Most Americans will see lower premiums as a direct result of reform , ” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ( D - Nev. ) said in a statement .
“ Today ’s analysis confirms that millions of Americans who lack the necessary coverage to avoid potential financial ruin would have access to more coverage at an affordable price because of our proposal . ”
Republicans contend that the findings prove the Senate legislation would result in higher premiums for millions of people compared to what it would cost them in today ’s market .
“ The bottom line is this : after 2,074 pages and trillions more in government spending , massive new taxes and a half - trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare for seniors , most people , according to the Congressional Budget Office , will end up paying more or seeing no significant savings , ” Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnell
In rare move , Schumer forces vote to consider health care bill amid Supreme Court tensions COVID - 19 talks hit crucial stretch Supreme Court nominee gives no clues in GOP meeting MORE ( R - Ky . ) said in a statement .
The health insurance industry ’s lobbying arms also proclaimed that the report confirmed their similar warnings .
The nonpartisan experts at the CBO and the JCT do not conclude that either side of the political debate is as correct as they say .
The report paints a complex picture of the bill ’s impact to the vast health insurance marketplace by 2016 .
It finds the Senate legislation would reduce premiums by up to 3 percent for 134 million people who get insurance as a job benefit .
This population is by far the largest component of the health insurance market :
When the reforms kick , 70 percent of people with coverage would get it from their jobs , a slight increase from the current rate .
The average premium for people who work at large companies would remain about the same : $ 7,300 annually for an individual plan and $ 20,100 for a family policy .
For small businesses that cover their workers in the so - called small group market , the average change in insurance premiums would range from a 2 percent decrease to a 1 percent increase .
Factoring in new subsidies available to people with incomes below 400 percent of poverty , individuals in this market would pay 8 percent to 11 percent less than they do now .
Under the bill , 13 percent of insured people would fall into this category .
According to the CBO and the JCT , that translates into $ 7,800 annually for an individual policy through a small employer — about the same as they pay now — and a decrease of $ 100 for a family plan , to $ 19,200 .
The impact of the Senate bill on the individual market , which comprises a diverse array of people from the self - employed to those not offered coverage by their employers , is more complex to measure .
The direst finding for Democrats — and the figure highlighted by Republicans — is health insurance premiums would be 10 percent to 13 percent higher for the 13.3 million people required to buy insurance under the bill , compared to what they would pay absent the legislation .
Premiums would actually increase by the same factor for all 31 million people who would buy insurance on the bill ’s new exchanges but 17.7 million of those people — or 57 percent — would be eligible for federal subsidies .
Those would be offered on sliding scale for individuals and families earning up to 400 percent of poverty .
The bill does allow people to retain the policies they already have without change , however .
“ Average premiums per policy in the nongroup market in 2016 would be roughly $ 5,800 for single policies and $ 15,200 for family policies under the proposal , compared with roughly $ 5,500 for single policies and $ 13,100 for family policies under current law , ” the report says .
For those individuals receiving subsidies , however , insurance would actually cost them 56 percent to 59 percent less than coverage on the individual market under the current system .
The subsidy would cover about two - thirds of their premiums on average .
One of the chief reasons insurance premiums would be higher for some people is that reform would require insurance companies to offer everyone in the individual and small - group market more generous and more stable coverage and increase competition among insurers , the report notes .
Administrative savings would also offset the additional cost .
“ Let ’s be clear : where the CBO does see premiums rising , it 's not because Americans are paying more for the same coverage — it's that they ’re making a choice to purchase better plans that were n't previously available to them , ” White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer wrote on his official blog .
According to memo from the Senate Finance Committee , buying an equivalent policy today would cost 14 percent to 20 percent more than under reform .
This argument did not hold much water with Republicans .
“ The Democrats bills will still require nearly 14 million Americans to purchase unsubsidized insurance that is more expensive than they could get under current law , ” says a memo issued to GOP health aides by the Senate Republican Policy Committee .
Viewed alone , the improved coverage would increase premiums by 27 percent to 30 percent for individuals and up to 3 percent for those enrolled in small - business insurance plans .
That increase , Democratic aides stressed , is significantly mitigated by the fact that more people — and more healthy people , especially — will be in the insurance pool , spreading the insurance companies ’ financial risk across a broader population .
A Senate Republican aide contended the increase to the individual - market premiums is the number that matters .
Teasing out the other effects , the aide said , is “ a little bit of Bernie Madoff accounting . ”
Democrats have stressed throughout the debate that health insurance premiums already are escalating rapidly under current system , which leaves tens of millions of people without coverage and many more with inadequate coverage .
“ In recent years , Americans have seen their health insurance premiums creep higher and higher at an alarming rate .
Health reform set out to slow those rapid increases , and today the nonpartisan congressional budget scorekeepers told us we ’ve succeeded , ” Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus Max Sieben BaucusBottom line Bottom line The Hill 's Morning Report - Presented by Facebook - George Floyd 's death sparks protests , National Guard activation MORE ( D - Mont. ) , one of the chief architects of the bill , said in a statement .
Jordan Fabian contributed to this article .
Office of the Secretary of Defense
By Irene Caselli
Puerto Ayora
When Marjorie Macias Rizzo was offered a job on the Galapagos Islands in 2006 , she was excited .
She had never been to the islands before and she was interested in her new job : data manager for a three - year project on sustainable development .
Some argue the islands focused too much on conservation
She was aware of the strict laws regulating migration from mainland Ecuador , so upon leaving her native town of Esmeraldas , on Ecuador 's northern coast , she braced herself for a lot of bureaucracy .
But what she did not expect was to end up working illegally in her own country .
Complications arose after her first year working in Puerto Ayora , the largest town on the archipelago situated 1,000 km ( 621 miles ) from the mainland .
Renewing her temporary residence visa took longer than expected , despite Ms Macias having the right contract and filing her application in time .
The visa expired and she found herself working without the appropriate papers , just as the migration authorities started cracking down on immigrants .
" I felt as if I were in a foreign country , " she says .
" I could n't focus on my work , I did n't want to go out .
" I was always afraid that a policeman would find me and arrest me . "
Forcible repatriation Ms Macias ' experience is not uncommon .
Since the tourism boom in the 1990s , the Galapagos have become a popular destination for Ecuadoreans from the mainland , attracted by higher salaries .
All rubbish has to be transported to the mainland Tough residency requirements were put in place in 1998 , but they were not implemented strictly .
Arranged marriages were a common way for people to obtain permanent residency status for themselves and their children , and many others were entering the islands as tourists and staying on to work .
As a result , the population was growing at a rate of 6.5 % a year , compared with 2.2 % on the mainland , taking the islands ' population up to about 30,000 in 2007 .
When the United Nations Education , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( Unesco ) placed the archipelago on its list of endangered World Heritage sites in 2007 , it was a wake - up call for the local authorities .
Officials began a largely unpopular campaign to clear the islands of the 5,000 people they believed should not be there .
Those without residency or work permits were given 48 hours to leave .
About 1,000 people were repatriated to the mainland , many of them forcibly .
For Jorge Torres , the governor of the islands , migration control , although unpopular , is the lesser evil .
" These actions are quite negative because here we have very little resources available , " he says .
That seems hard to believe on an archipelago whose diversity and natural riches inspired Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution during his visit in 1835 , and which continues to attract visitors from all over the world .
But the islands do not cater for the human species as well as they do for the rest of their inhabitants .
Tap water is not drinkable , so large quantities have to be imported from the mainland .
Shipments of food and fuel also reach the islands on boats that bring with them mosquitoes , flies and rats that are threatening the islands ' native species .
In Santa Cruz , the most populated island , there is no sewage system .
The waste water is slowly penetrating the underground water reserves , contaminating them and the coastal waters .
There is also a problem with the disposal of the growing amounts of rubbish .
Despite an efficient recycling system , the rubbish , once sorted , has to be shipped back to the mainland because it cannot be treated here .
Growing tourist industry Environmentalists and politicians seem to agree that this is the result of years of neglect of the human population and an excessive focus on conservation .
" For years everybody dedicated themselves to conservation on Galapagos , and all the revenue went towards that , " says Fabian Zapata , former director of the regional planning agency .
" We were trying to save the blue - footed boobies and the giant tortoises , but we forgot about human beings .
We forgot that we need to give them education and skills , and infrastructure . "
The blue - footed booby is another feature of the rich Galapagos wildlife Now that the problem of overpopulation is being slowly tackled , the focus can finally shift towards making life on the islands more sustainable , says Governor Torres .
That can be achieved by developing alternative sources of energy and giving the local population the right skills to take care of the environment .
What about tourism ?
In 2007 , Unesco mentioned tourism as one of the main threats to the Galapagos ecosystem .
But the tourism industry , the main source of income on the archipelago , keeps growing - the number of tourists quadrupled between 1990 and 2009 , rising to more than 160,000 visitors last year .
This year , Ecuador 's National Assembly is due to reform the current law that regulates the administration on the archipelago .
Mr Torres hopes that the new legislation will allow for even stricter rules on migration , but he says there are no plans to limit the number of tourists that can enter the islands .
" People here need to live and feed themselves .
Tourism represents a great opportunity , " he says .
" We have to manage well the number of tourists , but we also need to have enough of them to sustain our economy . "
Ms Macias agrees on the need to take care of the islands but says that even if her experience with the authorities was not the worst , it still marked her for good .
" Some people were rounded up at night and shipped off on a cargo ship because they could n't afford to buy a plane ticket , " she says .
" I spent almost a whole year without the right papers trying to explain who I was , why I was here That made my life impossible . "
Her project comes to an end in July and she says she has no intention of staying .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dry tarmac is a luxury during winter up north .
Untold thousands of people in the U.S. pedal year - round to work or school , commuting on city streets and plowed trails .
New cycling equipment , better apparel and a growing awareness of the feasibility of wintertime riding has caused a jump in participation .
The attraction ?
Street parking is free .
Gas prices do not apply .
In a storm , two wheels and pedals can be faster for getting around a city than a car struck in a traffic jam .
However , winter riding is not without hardship .
Evening comes early , forcing riders to pedal home in the dark .
Snowdrifts squeeze streets , eliminating a comfortable side lane for bikes .
Frozen fingers and feet are common issues for the unprepared .
But dress right , use fenders and lights , maybe add studded tires , and commuting in the bleak months can be comfortable and efficient .
Here are 10 tips to help you ease into the wintertime cycling scene :
1. Follow the plow
Bike trails are regularly plowed in many major metro areas .
For example in Minneapolis , more than 50 miles of trail is plowed after a snow .
2. Road conditions
Believe it or not , the medium during most winter commutes is often the same dry pavement as in the summer .
Sand , salt , sun , and snowplows eliminate ice and snow from roads in the days after a storm .
3. Ride steady
For slippery stretches , riders should slow down and stay loose .
Brake only on the rear wheel to avoid spinouts on slick surfaces .
And be prepared to take your feet off the pedals if the bike starts to fishtail or tilt .
4. Watch out
Cars are less aware of bikers in the winter .
Ride defensively .
Make eye contact with drivers .
5 . Choose the right ride
Do n’t use your $ 3,000 road steed or a full - suspension mountain bike in the snow .
Sand , salt , and grit can destroy suspension and gears .
Instead , go with an older bike you designate for cold - weather use , adding fenders , bright lights and winter wheels .
Some cyclists employ single speed bikes in the winter , as they have fewer moving parts and require less maintenance .
6. Cold and clean
Unless you plan to clean it off , keep your bike cold and store it in the garage .
A room - temperature bike in new snow can cause ice to form on brakes and gears more easily .
Also , keep your chain and gear cassette lubricated for best operation .
7. Go Studs
Carbide - studded tires can increase grip on snow and ice , and some riders swear by them .
8. Go Fat
Fat bikes are becoming one of the most popular commuter options , especially in cities that get lots of snow .
The wide rubber will let you float through new - fallen snow and avoid ruts in icy streets where other tires can get trapped .
9 . Protect your core
Any outdoorsy person knows that layering is the key to staying warm and managing sweat in the cold .
A common configuration for biking includes a wicking base layer shirt followed by an insulating fleece top , then with a waterproof and windproof shell jacket .
For the legs , usually one less layer is needed ; many riders wear normal pants like jeans covered up with a wind - shell pant .
If your commute is long , consider bike tights or shorts with a chamois pad combined with long underwear bottoms and the shell pants on top .
10 . Headwear
Jacket hoods are a no - no , as air funnels in as you move , inflating a hood like a sail .
Instead , many riders wear balaclavas and sunglasses or ski goggles .
Tight - fitting ( but warm ) fleece skull caps are popular .
Top it off with a helmet , perhaps sized larger in winter to fit over all the insulation .
11 . Warm hands and feet
Switch out gloves for mittens or bifurcated “ lobster ” - style handwear , which keep fingers close together and warmer .
Winter boots , not bike shoes , are best for the coldest days , but use platform pedals with aggressive tread for good grip as you crank .
Above 20 degrees , many riders get away with bike shoes , employing neoprene covers to add insulation and buffer warm air .
Some companies , notably 45NRTH and Lake Cycling , sell insulated winterized bike shoes compatible with clipless pedals .
12 . Public transit as retreat
Many metropolitan trains and public buses allow bikes , letting riders surrender on the worst days and hop a ride home .
Bike near a bus route and you have bail - out points should the commute prove too long or laborious in the snow .
Description :
For only $ 13,000 I would SO pick one of these up !
Tagged for : Awesome , Invention
Washington ( CNN ) -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced Thursday that the Pentagon will start to ease its enforcement of the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the military .
Among other things , Gates said the Pentagon is raising the threshold for what constitutes an appropriate level of information necessary to launch a " credible inquiry " into allegations of homosexual behavior .
The change , which will take effect in 30 days and apply to all current cases , is a reflection of " common sense " and " common decency , " Gates said .
" These changes reflect some of the insights we have gained over 17 years of implementing the current law , including the need for consistency , oversight and clear standards . "
President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , support a legislative repeal of " do n't ask , do n't tell , " which was first enacted in 1993 .
Some senior members of the military , however , have expressed concern over the impact of the ban 's repeal on unit cohesion and morale , among other things .
Is this the right move ?
Share your thoughts
Last month , Gates announced the Pentagon had taken the first steps to prepare for a repeal of the policy .
Laying the groundwork for such a change will take more than a year , he said .
In the interim , he said , the Defense Department will start enforcing the policy " in a fairer manner . "
Gates said Thursday that , moving ahead :
• The Pentagon will raise the level of the officer authorized to start a fact - finding inquiry or separation proceeding as a result of alleged homosexual conduct to a general or flag officer in the accused service member 's chain of command .
• Only a lieutenant colonel , Navy commander or higher ranking officer will be authorized to conduct a fact - finding inquiry .
• Only a general or flag officer in an accused service member 's chain of command will be authorized to initiate expulsion proceedings .
• The Pentagon will revise what constitutes credible information to begin an inquiry or separation proceeding .
For example , Gates , said , the Defense Department will specify that information given by third parties should be given under oath .
The use of " overheard statements " and " hearsay " will be discouraged .
• The Pentagon will revise what constitutes a " reliable person " upon which an inquiry can be initiated .
According to Gates , " special scrutiny " will be given to " third parties who may be motivated to harm a service member . "
• Certain categories of confidential information will no longer be used in discharge proceedings , including information provided to lawyers , clergy and psychotherapists .
Information provided to a doctor as part of a service member 's medical treatment or to a medical official in the course of a public health inquiry also will not be used in discharge proceedings .
Information given for either a security clearance investigation or in the course of seeking professional assistance for domestic or physical abuse also will be excluded .
Last month , Gates told members of the Senate Armed Services Committee that " a guiding principle of our efforts [ to change the policy on gays in the military ] will be to minimize disruption and polarization within the ranks , with special attention paid to those serving on the front lines . "
Gates also said the Pentagon will ask the RAND Corp. to update a study it conducted in 1993 on the impact of allowing homosexuals to serve openly in the military .
Since the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy was implemented , more than 13,500 service members have been discharged , according to U.S. Rep. Jim Moran , D - Virginia .
In 2009 , there were 428 discharges under the policy , the lowest rate of discharge since implementation , he said .
The highest year was 2001 , with 1,227 discharges .
Sixty - nine percent of Americans believe openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military , according to a February 12 - 15 CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll .
Twenty - seven percent are opposed to such a change , the survey found .
In 1994 , shortly after the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy was implemented , 53 percent of Americans believed openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military , while 41 percent were opposed .
CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
Valve has announced a new version of Steam which is immediately available in public beta .
This opt - in beta is available immediately to all Steam users .
If users already have Steam installed on their computer , they can take part in the beta by clicking this link ( steam://open/settings ) and then selecting “ UI Update ” under Beta Participation .
If they do n’t have Steam installed , they can download it here ( http://store.steampowered.com/).
To preview the new Steam client without taking part in the beta , a complete rundown of the new features is available here ( http://store.steampowered.com/uiupdate/).
With the new Steam release , gamers will now be able to see which games their friends have purchased directly within the Steam storefront .
News outlets now have the ability to reach the Steam community through the new client ’s News aggregator functionality .
Those organizations interested can contact Doug Lombardi at lombardi@valvesoftware.com .
With users purchasing more and more games through Steam , new methods of library management were needed .
The new client introduces library customization tools to help gamers sort , group , and find games in libraries which for some hardcore players contain hundreds of titles .
In addition to having lots of games , gamers needed methods of tracking all of their achievements in a standardized cross - game fashion , which is now possible with the new release .
“ We made hundreds of changes to the Steam client as a result of customer feedback on the interface , performance , and functionality , ” said John Cook , Director of Steam Development at Valve .
“ For example , we swapped out the Internet Explorer rendering engine with WebKit , which gives us a bunch of size , stability and performance benefits .
This release of Steam leaves us well prepared for another year of strong growth . ”
Eight more White Rhino ’s have been killed by poachers in Kruger National Park , despite the deployment of high - tech equipment and extra rangers at so - called “ hot spots , ” within the reserve .
In a written reply to a parliamentary question , Environmental Affairs Minister Buyelwa Sonjica said “ eight white rhinos , two impalas and a zebra ” were poached in January this year , compared to “ seven white rhinos , two impalas and one kudu ” during the same month the year before .
Her reply contains details of “ sustainable steps taken ” to curb poaching in the park .
These include :
> the deployment of 58 new field rangers – taking the total number of rangers to 350 – to poaching hot spots ;
> the purchase of 19 motorbikes to help with patrols ;
> the acquisition of new night - vision equipment for use by crew of the SANParks Air Service unit ’s two helicopters ; and
> the purchase of another ultra - light aircraft , bringing the total to two , for use in anti-poaching operations .
The air service unit also has three fixed - wing aircraft
Sonjica said the SA National Defence Force would take over from the SA Police Service in patrolling the park ’s international border with Mozambique “ during the later part ” of this year .
Additionally , Sanparks chief executive officer David Mabunda said in a statement that , “ South Africans must realise that we are not dealing with your ordinary petty criminal here , these poachers are members of well - resourced syndicates and are also involved in chilling crimes like human trafficking , arms smuggling , prostitution and drug trafficking . ”
To read the full article … Click Here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Nevada budget cuts worsen the social crisis
By Roger Herman and Therese Leclerc
25 March 2010
With the economy of the state of Nevada in freefall , Republican Governor Jim Gibbons and the Democratic - controlled legislature are placing the burden of the crisis firmly on the backs of the working class .
Nevada already suffers the highest foreclosure rate in the country and the second - highest rate of unemployment , second only to Michigan .
On March 1 , a special session of the Senate and the House of Representatives reached an agreement that reduced the $ 6.9 billion 2010 - 11 budget by 22 percent , or $ 887 million .
K - 12 education is to lose $ 116 million , a 6.9 percent decrease , with a similar percentage being taken from higher education .
State government offices are to go on a four - day , 40 - hour week , closing on Fridays to save energy costs .
The balance is to come from state reserve funds , federal funds the state expects will be approved , higher charges for the use of state parks and museums and increased fees for mining companies .
Nevada is the world ’s second largest producer of gold , after South Africa , and produces more than three - quarters of the gold in the United States .
Some members of the legislature had wanted the leisure and entertainment industry to pay an additional $ 32 million in fees , but casino owners flatly rejected any increase in the taxes they pay , which account for nearly one - third of state revenues .
Prior to the latest round of budget cuts , Nevada was already spending the least per resident of all states in the country , according to data from the US Census Bureau .
When the budget was drawn up last year , the state faced a $ 2 billion shortfall — 30 percent of the general fund .
Gibbons recommended 6 percent pay cuts for state workers and teachers , a $ 500 million cut from higher education ( 36 percent ) and a $ 220 million tax increase from the hotel room tax in the major urban centers .
The legislature rejected Gibbons ’s plan but imposed 12 furlough days on state workers ( a 4.5 to 11 percent cut in salaries and benefits ) and a 4 percent cut in teachers ’ salaries , while slashing higher education by 12.5 percent .
The additional cuts this year are expected to result in larger class sizes in schools and major erosion of the state ’s universities .
Immediately after the budget deal was announced , the University of Nevada , Reno , announced the loss of 75 faculty members by fall this year and the elimination of more than a dozen degree programs .
Students will no longer be able to major or minor in a foreign language , with the exception of Spanish , and the College of Agriculture , Biotechnology and Natural Resources is to close .
Further cuts will be announced in the coming months .
According to UNR president Milton Glick , the cuts will be permanent .
He told the UNR Nevada Sagebrush , “ Recovering ( from years of cuts ) is not restoring these programs .
If you say you ’re going to do this and restore them later , that ’s not honest . ”
Both the governor and the legislature agree that the cuts administered so far are just the beginning .
Next year the budget shortfall is expected to top $ 3 billion .
In the past , states like Nevada benefited from the steady influx of Americans to the West , and immigration from Latin America also stimulated the economy .
The real estate bubble gave cities like Las Vegas one of the highest growth rates in the country .
In the last two years , however , cities with the fastest growth have experienced the steepest declines .
Las Vegas had the nation ’s highest rate of home foreclosures last year and home values there have fallen 56 percent since their 2006 peak , according to the S&P / Case - Shiller Single Family Home Price Index .
In January last year , there were 13,338 homeless people in and around Las Vegas , up 17 percent in two years .
Las Vegas is heavily dependent on discretionary spending , but now people are traveling less and spending less .
Last November , a report by the Pew Center on the States said Nevada ’s economy shares many of the weaknesses that have devastated the economy in California — high foreclosure and unemployment rates along with dwindling tax revenues .
The report , “ Beyond California : States in Peril , ” named Nevada as one of nine states that ranked “ most like California ” when comparing economic and political factors .
University of Nevada political scientist Eric Herzik is quoted in the report as saying , “ Nevada is a state built on easy money .
There is n’t any easy money right now . ”
Herzik is referring to the decline in gaming revenues , which fell for the 22 consecutive months before the report was published .
When the economic crisis hit in 2008 , Nevada saw the worst economic decline of any state , according to the Rockefeller Institute , a policy research organization at the State University of New York in Albany .
Between December 2008 and December 2009 , unemployment rose from 8.4 percent to 13 percent .
This represents a significant decrease in the number of jobs in the state , variously estimated as between 6.4 and 9.5 percent .
According to the Retail Association of Nevada , Nevadans have lost $ 25.4 billion in income since the start of the economic crisis two years ago , an average of $ 9,800 for each of the state ’s 2.6 million residents .
And worse is to come .
The Nevada Department of Employment Training and Rehabilitation predicts an almost 6 percent decline in jobs ( 65,079 ) this year over 2009 , with a further 2 percent decline in 2011 ( 23,788 ) .
Construction jobs , which fell 29 percent last year over 2008 , are projected to drop another 21 percent this year and 20 percent in 2011 .
According to the Nevada Department of Employment , Training and Rehabilitation , during the deepest recession before this one , which lasted 18 months in the 1980s , the worst year - over - year jobs losses were 4.5 percent .
On average , Nevada employment expanded by 76 percent in every decade after the 1940s , yet the jobs base between December 1999 and December 2009 grew by just 15 percent .
The leisure and hospitality industry has destroyed 44,100 jobs so far in the economic collapse , second only to construction .
International Gaming Technology , a designer of gaming machines and the largest manufacturer in northern Nevada , laid off 700 workers in late 2008 and early 2009 .
In November of 2009 , the total revenue for Nevada casinos was $ 873.2 million .
That is almost $ 40 million higher than the $ 836.8 million in November of 2008 , but MGM Mirage spokesperson Alan Feldman told the Las Vegas Sun in February , “ Having now been hit by the worst recession in American history and the worst downturn in gaming revenues in Nevada history , we can simply no longer afford to bear the overwhelming share of the burden for running the state . ”
MGM Mirage , which lost $ 1.15 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008 and $ 855 million for all of 2008 , operates and owns all or part of 19 casinos in Nevada , Michigan , Mississippi , New Jersey , Illinois and Macau , the gambling enclave off the coast of southeast China .
The casino company made $ 1.58 billion in 2007 .
The devastation wrought by the economic crisis could bring in its wake far - reaching political changes .
The visit by President Barack Obama to Nevada in February expressed the nervousness of the political establishment .
He appeared with Nevada senator and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , 70 , who was first elected to the Senate in 1986 and who faces re-election in November .
Obama won Nevada from the Republicans in 2008 , but the economic crisis is expected to strongly affect the Senate races in the state .
According to Bloomberg.com , Reid was considered by the Obama administration to be an instrumental influence in pushing through his health care overhaul .
However , as Stacy Fisher , an associate political science professor at the University of Nevada , Reno , commented to Bloomberg.com , “ The problem for Harry Reid is he is the voice , and really the face , of the Democratic Party . ”
She added that concerns about the economy are “ amplified in Nevada ” because the state has “ seen the brunt of the recession . ”
Cleveland has spent billions on big - ticket urban redevelopment efforts including heavily subsidized sports stadiums and convention centers that have utterly failed to revitalize the city 's economy .
Should the city be pouring even more money into and pinning yet higher hopes on long - odds mega - projects ?
Or should they realize that bottom - up projects driven by the actual residents and private - sector investors are the best was to build a vibrant city for the long haul ?
Reason Saves Cleveland with Drew Carey is written and produced by Paul Feine ; camera and editing by Roger Richards and Alex Manning ; narrated by Nick Gillespie ; music by the Cleveland band Cats on Holiday .
This is the fifth of six episodes that will air March 15 - 19 , 2010 .
Approximately 10 minutes long .
Go to Reason.tv for iPod , HD , and audio versions of this video .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's
YouTube channel and receive automatic notification when new videos go live .
Iran 's nuclear programme has alarmed Western powers Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has asked the country 's nuclear chief to begin enriching uranium to 20 % .
The move comes amid a worsening stand - off over a Western offer for Iran to swap enriched uranium for nuclear fuel .
Western nations say they fear Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons and have threatened new sanctions .
Iran insists its programme is peaceful .
The US defence secretary urged the world to " stand together " , saying there was still time for sanctions to work .
" Pressures that are focused on the government of Iran , as opposed to the people of Iran , potentially have greater opportunity to achieve the objective , " Robert Gates said during a visit to Italy .
In London , the Foreign Office said Mr Ahmadinejad 's announcement was " clearly a matter of serious concern " .
" This would be a deliberate breach of five UNSCRs [ United Nations Security Council Resolutions ] , " it said in a statement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In January , diplomats said Iran had informed the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) that it did not accept the terms of the deal agreed in October by Iran , the IAEA and the P5+1 - the US , Russia , China , UK and France plus Germany .
Earlier this week , the US , Britain and France circulated a discussion paper on further possible sanctions against Tehran .
But China says the P5+1 must remain patient and keep pursuing a diplomatic solution to the issue .
Red line Mr Ahmadinejad made the announcement on Iranian state television - two days after his foreign minister said a deal on swapping enriched uranium for nuclear fuel was close - a claim greeted with scepticism by Western powers .
" I had said let us give them [ Western powers ] two to three months , and if they do n't agree , we would start ourselves , " Mr Ahmadinejad said in a speech broadcast live .
" Now Dr [ Ali Akbar ] Salehi , start to make the 20 % with the centrifuges , " the president said , addressing Iran 's nuclear chief who was sitting in the audience at a laser technology plant in Tehran .
NUCLEAR FUEL CYCLE
Mined uranium ore is purified and reconstituted into solid form known as yellowcake Yellowcake is chemically processed and converted into Uranium Hexafluoride gas Gas is fed through centrifuges , where its isotopes separate and process is repeated until uranium is enriched Low - level enriched uranium is used for nuclear fuel Highly enriched uranium can be used in nuclear weapons
In depth : Nuclear fuel cycle Q&A : Iran and the nuclear issue Civilian nuclear power requires uranium enriched to about 3 % .
Weapons grade uranium needs to be enriched to 90 % .
The BBC Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne , reporting from London , says Mr Ahmadinejad 's announcement crosses a significant red line .
Iran says it wants to supply a research reactor with highly enriched uranium following the breakdown of the international deal to provide fuel for it .
But some Western analysts say Iran does not possess the technical know - how to make fuel rods for the reactor , our correspondent says , and Western countries fear this could be a stepping stone towards the manufacture of weapons - grade material .
At the very least , this is a provocative act which will make negotiations more difficult , our correspondent says .
Existing UN sanctions are meant to prevent the flow of any items or technology which might aid Iran in enriching uranium or developing nuclear weapon delivery systems .
The sanctions range from actual sales or supplies to dealings with named individuals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I began dreading my son Max ’s college - application proc­ess even before his senior year began last fall .
I did n’t want to hear the stories about his ultracompetitive peers or come into contact with their crazed überparents .
I was n’t looking forward to the endless essays , the almost - missed deadlines .
But mostly I just felt an amorphous sadness .
It ’s not that he was n’t ready to go ; it was as if there were something more that I needed to do or say before I could let him .
The feeling that there was more I ought to do for him is very old .
A true middle child , Max has always been quietly self - sufficient , not one to make waves in an already complicated family .
His older brother , Nat , is severely autistic .
His younger brother , Ben , is fiery and intense .
Sandwiched between such demanding siblings , Max learned to be unobtrusive and pleasant .
Even as a baby , contentment and equanimity was his way .
He always seemed to know how to take care of himself — like the time he tumbled down a flight of stairs but then quickly looked up and smiled reassuringly at me as if to say , No problem , Mommy , before crawling away .
“ No problem ” is ever Max ’s refrain .
But still I worry about him .
In a dark corner of my heart , I have always feared that he could n’t possibly be O.K. , because how could he be , with a family like ours ?
Over the years I ’ve wanted to help Max with so many things , particularly with Nat , to explain it all to him , to take away his pain , as if that were possible .
I ’ve talked and talked and talked to him , because that is what I do , how I cope .
Usually he replies with polite quiet .
And more recently , as normal teenage remove and senior - year pressure have kicked in , it has become even harder to know what might really be going on inside his head .
I did n’t even realize that he was almost finished writing his college - application essays until he mentioned this in passing one morning when we were driving to school .
“ I figured I ’d write about Nat , ” Max said , as we turned the corner from our driveway .
He spoke so matter - of - factly that he might as well have been telling me he needed new socks .
Plastiki Sets Sail on Green , High Tech Voyage
A boat made of 12,000 bottles is sailing today from San Francisco to Sydney to .
The Plastiki is a boat designed to raise awareness of environmental issues , including the massive amount of plastic bottles that are dumped in the world ’s oceans .
The Plastiki crew is using a number of high tech tools while on the trip and to help educate others .
A crew of six sailors are on board the 60 - ft catamaran for the three month trip .
All of the boats panels are made of PET , the same material used to make plastic bottles .
I visited with the Plastiki crew a couple of times and it was interesting to hear about how they came up with environmentally - friendly ways to build the catamaran .
Rather than using poisonous adhesives , resins and finishes , the Plastiki builders used natural and recyclable materials , such as an adhesive made of cashew nuts and sugar .
HP is a major sponsor of the Plastiki and is providing several devices , including an Elitebook 2530 p and Probook 5310 that will be used to for charts , checking weather and logs .
Each crew member will be carrying an iPaq Glisten .
The crew will also able blogging about their experiences , sending updates to Twitter , photos to Flickr and communicating with Mission Control .
The crew will be able to place phone calls and access the Internet during the entire trip thanks to inmarsat .
Inmarsat provides worldwide satellite voice and Internet services to people and organizations that roam far beyond the reach of mobile networks .
The Plastiki has an inmarsat transceiver mounted on the rear mast , which is also home to a vertical garden that provides fresh fruits and vegetables .
The Plastiki and its crew will generate all the power necessary to charge and run all of their gadgets .
At the heart of the Plastiki ’s electrical system are six large 12 - volt batteries , like the kind found in automobiles .
Two turbine mounted on the hull of the boat will generate electricity as water spins it .
Another turbine mounted on the deck will use wind to generate electricity .
There are solar panels on the cabin ’s roof to generate electricity during the daytime .
There are also a couple of bicycles on board so the crew can exercise and generate additional energy .
A person pedaling hard produces just enough energy to keep a notebook PC running .
There is an emergency bio - diesel engine , but the crew hopes not to have to use it .
Those who ’d like to learn more about the Platiki , track their voyage across the Pacific or how plastic impacts the environment can visit ThePlastiki.com .
Those who are in the San Francisco Bary Area can visit Plastiki Mission Control at Fisherman ’s Wharf .
HP ’s donated several Touchsmart PCs , which allow visitors to learn more about how the Plastiki was built and what can be done to keep plastic out of the world ’s oceans .
The New Yorker put together a video that shows more details of how the boat is constructed .
Share this :
Share
Email
Twitter
Facebook
In The Spread of Superbugs he tells us the story of a California executive , Thomas Dukes , whose life was torn apart in just a few days by a resistant strain of E. coli , ESBL - producing .
He probably got it from tainted beef .
That is , the beef had the E coli , but there would have been no immediat evidence one could have discovered short of testing the meat - the ordinary consumer is flying blind on this .
It is possible he also could have touched a contaminated surface , although consumption of tainted meat is far more likely according to the expert to whom Kristof refers , Dr. Brad Spellberg , an infectious - diseases specialist and the author of " Rising Plague , " a book about antibiotic resistance .
You are a strict vegetarian and feeling smug ?
Vegetarians are also vulnerable to antibiotic resistance nurtured in hog barns .
Microbes swap genes , so antibiotic resistance developed in pigs can jump to microbes that infect humans in hospitals , locker rooms , schools or homes .
Perhaps the bug originally remained contained in the colon of Mr. Dukes , and therefore did not threaten him .
In all likelihood something perforated his colon causing the bug to spread .
Now he has a colostomy bag , although he hopes at some point perhaps his colon will heal sufficiently and the bug will be eradicated from elsewhere in his body .
He hopes .
He of course can not be sure .
But this is not about one executive and what he ate .
It is about all of us .
Let me repeat those statistics on antibiotic use :
70 % for healthy livestock
14 % for sick livestock
16 % for humans and their pets
And that 16 % is also inflated because some doctors over - prescribe .
We will have to address that as well , although that will be insufficient if we do not address the abusive use for healthy livestock .
Rep. Louise Slaughter of NY is a microbiologist , the only one in Congress .
She wants to curb the routine use of antibiotics in farming .
Her bill has 104 co-sponsors .
It is tied up in committee , blocked by those having the support of agribusiness .
The Senate has not acted , nor has the Obama administration taken up this cause .
Mr. Dukes ' colon was perforated by an inflammation .
He had a stomach ache .
He saw his doctor , who gave him Cipro. , a drug that had previously worked against the infection .
This time , the pain grew worse .
The next evening , he was in surgery to remove eight inches of his colon .
One person , one superbug ?
Not hardly .
Consider Acinetobacter :
" We are seeing infections caused by Acinetobacter and special bacteria called KPC Klebsiella that are literally resistant to every antibiotic that is F.D.A. approved , " Dr. Spellberg said .
" These are untreatable infections .
This is the first time since 1936 , the year that sulfa hit the market in the U.S. , that we have had this problem . "
literally resistant to every antibiotic that is F.D.A. approved
which means that we have no way of fighting a massive outbreak .
Mr. Dukes survived because he was treated intravenously with another antibiotic that was able to help .
But what if it were a superbug resistant to all known and approved antibiotics ?
The producers of hogs and other livestock view antibiotics as a cheap and effective way of increasing the weight of their animals , and thereby increasing their profits .
Cheap and effective for them .
Potentially devastating for the rest of us .
If people get sick because of their livestock they will lose their customer base .
If there are worries about the safety of their product , overseas markets will be closed to the affected American agricultural products - think of the impact of just a few incidents of mad cow disease or similar events among sheep .
Perhaps my allergies make me somewhat more at risk .
So perhaps you think my concern is selfish .
It is , and it is more than selfish .
There are those in our extended family who have almost died from E. coli .
In the cases in mind the strains were not resistant , and quick application of effective antibiotics made a difference .
I care about more than me and mine .
Hopefully you know that if you are a regular reader .
I care about more than my fellow Americans .
I care about humanity .
I also care about how we treat the animals who provide us with our main source of protein .
I am not a vegetarian , I am a true omnivore , as are most Americans .
We should not have to radically change our diets because of the great greed ( it was a typo ) of the large producers in agribusiness .
The health and safety of the American people should be paramount , even if we cannot pass meaningful health care reform .
And the safety of American food is not only a health issue , it is a major economic issue as well , potentially for the large producers who are being so stubborn on this issue .
Agribusiness , energy producers , health insurance companies - the selfish concerns of any slice of the American economy should never carry greater weight than the health and safety and well - being - included economic well - being - of the American people .
Reserve the use of antibiotics to meaningful responses to infection .
If we do not act on this quickly , we may find that Thomas Dukes is not alone in finding his life in jeopardy .
Black Barbie Sold for Less Than White Barbie at Walmart Store Walmart says lower sales of the black doll prompted the price cut .
March 9 , 2010  --
Walmart is raising eyebrows after cutting the price of a black Barbie doll to nearly half of that of the doll 's white counterpart at one store and possibly others .
A photo first posted to the humor Web site FunnyJunk.com and later to the Latino Web site Guanabee.com shows packages of Mattel 's Ballerina Barbie and Ballerina Teresa dolls hanging side by side at an unidentified store .
The Teresa dolls , which feature brown skin and dark hair , are marked as being on sale at $ 3.00 .
The Barbies to the right of the Teresa dolls , meanwhile , retain their original price of $ 5.93 .
The dolls look identical aside from their color .
Editors at Guanabee.com said the person responsible for the photo told the Web site that it was taken at a Louisiana Walmart store .
The person did not return e-mails from ABCNews.com .
A Walmart spokeswoman , who could not verify the exact store shown in the photo , said that the price change on the Teresa doll was part of the chain 's efforts to clear shelf space for its new spring inventory .
" To prepare for ( s ) pring inventory , a number of items are marked for clearance , " spokeswoman Melissa O'Brien said in an e-mail . " ...
Both are great dolls .
The red price sticker indicates that this particular doll was on clearance when the photo was taken , and though both dolls were priced the same to start , one was marked down due to its lower sales to hopefully increase purchase from customers . "
" Pricing like items differently is a part of inventory management in retailing , " O'Brien said .
But critics say Walmart should have been more sensitive in its pricing choice .
" The implication of the lowering of the price is that 's devaluing the black doll , " said Thelma Dye , the executive director of the Northside Center for Child Development , a Harlem , N.Y. organization founded by pioneering psychologists and segregation researchers Kenneth B. Clark and Marnie Phipps Clark .
" While it 's clear that 's not what was intended , sometimes these things have collateral damage , " Dye said .
Other experts agree .
Walmart could have decided " that it 's really important that we as a company do n't send a message that we value blackness less than whiteness , " said Lisa Wade , an assistant sociology professor at Occidental College in Los Angeles and the founder of the blog Sociological Images .
Last year ,
Wade posted a blog entry on another case where a black doll was apparently priced less than its white counterpart at an unidentified store .
Wade said that when white dolls outsell black dolls , it 's usually because black parents are more likely than white parents to buy their children dolls of a different race .
" Most white parents would n't think to buy a black doll for their child , even if they believe in equality and all those things , " she said .
Overcoming ' Decades of Racial and Economic Subordination '
Decades after segregation and the civil rights movement , studies show Americans -- both black and white -- continue to internalize the heirarchical notion that lighter skin tone is considered " better than " darker , Wade said .
One landmark study revealing color hierarchies among black children took place in the 1940s .
Run by the Clarks , Northside 's founders , the study asked a group of black children to choose between playing with white dolls and black dolls ; 63 percent chose the white dolls .
Last year , following the inauguration of the country 's first black president , " Good Morning America " revisited the experiment .
This time , at least some of the results were markedly different : of the 19 black children surveyed , 42 percent said they 'd rather play with a black doll compared with 32 percent for the white doll .
But when asked which doll was prettier , nearly half of the girls in the group chose the white doll .
" Black children develop perceptions about their race very early .
They are not oblivious to this .
There 's still that residue .
There 's still the problem , the overcoming years , decades of racial and economic subordination , " Harvard University professor William Julius Wilson told " Good Morning America . "
Wade said that Walmart could have chosen to keep the dolls at equal prices in an effort not to " reproduce whatever ugly inequalities are out there . "
But Sociological Images co-author Gwen Sharp , a sociology professor at Nevada State College , said that inequality might not necessarily be what 's behind Ballerina Theresa 's lagging sales .
Black parents , she said , may simply choose black dolls whose physical features hew more closely to those of themselves and their children .
Barbie has weathered critcism in the past for producing dolls that bear little resemblance to the ethnicities they represent .
" Maybe for both parents and kids , it seems more real and less symbolic of a change to have a doll that actually presents a range of attractive features rather than ' Oh we 've changed the skin tone slightly , ' " Sharp said .
A Better Line of Black Barbies ?
Last year , Barbie manufacturer Mattel debuted a new line of African American dolls , " So In Style , " designed to better resemble black women 's facial features with wider cheeks , broader noses and fuller lips .
" I wanted to make sure that the makeup and face and skin tone was true to girls in my community , " doll designer Stacey McBride - Irby said in a video on the So In Style Web site .
A Mattel spokeswoman said that the So In Style dolls have met with a " great response " and are part of the toymaker 's 2010 catalogue .
Whatever Ballerina Tesesa 's lagging sales may say about society , retail analyst Lori Wachs said Walmart may ultimately regret their pricing choice .
The discount giant , which reported a quarterly profit of $ 4.7 billion last month , could have absorbed whatever loss it might have suffered had it kept Ballerina Teresa 's price the same as that of Ballerina Barbie .
" I fully respect retailers rights to mark things down as they see fit but I also think they need to look at the bigger picture , " Wachs said .
" I think there are certain things companies have to be sensitive about and clearly this was one of them . "
Welcome to the DDF Cash Affiliate Program
If your a fan of glamour Erotica with an edge , a lover of Big Natural and delicious boobs , a connoisseur of perfectly sculpted legs and feet , or any other number of high - end adult oriented delights we offer up on our 13 sites , and want to represent one of the leading brands in the adult industry , then you have come to the right place .
20 Years In The Business
Here at DDF
Cash all of our exclusive content is produced at our in - house studios , in various exotic locations throughout Europe .
Our goal is to provide our affiliates with gorgeous high - conversion sites , top notch marketing tools , and a support team to help you reach your goals .
With DDFCash you can represent 13 erotically super - charged sites and receive a commission on all users you refer that signup with us .
$ 15,467,200.00 in payouts and counting !
Our exceptionally dedicated team of producers , designers and programmers work non -stop to bring you only the best content .
Come on in and join the team and benefit from our extended knowledge .
You 'll soon be armed with the skills you need to generate income in the Adult Industries on the World Wide Web
The Team
Xbox Series X load times revealed — and they destroy Xbox One X
Previews of the Xbox Series X have revealed how much quicker Xbox One games load on the new hardware , and how simple it is to swap between multiple titles .
" What I 'm trying to say is there 's still a huge amount to do .
We need to have the proper cluster coordination resources to do that — which will go well beyond what are needed in any ordinary disaster , " he said .
NORMAS .
La operación de Procampo estableció el 8 abril de 2009 como tope mínimo de ayuda mil 300 pesos y como máximo , 100 mil .
Los mayores beneficios se quedan en manos de grandes productores .
( Foto : ARCHIVO EL UNIVERSAL )
El secretario Francisco Javier Mayorga , sus hermanos y su padre reciben millones de pesos en ayudas para el campo desde hace años
It 's been a banner week for Democrats : ObamaCare passed Congress in its final form on Thursday night , and the returns are already rolling in .
Yesterday AT&T announced that it will be forced to make a $ 1 billion writedown due solely to the health bill , in what has become a wave of such corporate losses .
This wholesale destruction of wealth and capital came with more than ample warning .
Turning over every couch cushion to make their new entitlement look affordable under Beltway accounting rules , Democrats decided to raise taxes ...
Homemade CPU – from scratch
General architecture notes
Some tricks
BMOW – Big Mess of Wires
MyCPU
Harry Porter 's Relay Computer
Magic-1
Mark - 1 Forth computer
MT15
Epilogue
Since 1975 when one need a processor – the only option is to buy one .
In the most complex case one might consider going for configurable FPGA processor ( like Nios II ) with few extra commands , and that 's it .
Nowadays it is hard to believe that these fancy processors might be obtained some other way than just buying one .
It 's just like thinking that beef and bread is only made in the local shop .
Why one would need to return to " root " technology ?
Well , to be sure that we can resurrect the technology if something happens with current Chinese factories and Engeneering centers in few countriesand to know in very detail how exactly things works .
It appeared that there are guys who did developed homemade processors as a hobby .
They are usually made out of low - scale microchips ( registers , counters , e.t.c ) or low level discrete elements ( transistors , relays ) .
The only big chips used are memory and flash memory .
In this article I want to do a brief on architecture of homemade processors and show some greatest processors made at home .
Majority of self - made processors work on microcode ( just like most of commercial processors ) , which is red from flash / SRAM memory and here is usually the greatest bottleneck – during last 20 years random access time for flash or memory in separate chips did n't scaled well , it is still around 70ns in average which does not allow to go over ~ 14 Mhz .
Self made processors usually have 8 or 16 - bit data - bus width , address bus of 16 , 20 or 24 bits ( no one is really happy to limit amount of memory to 64Kb these days even for simplified processors ) .
ALU is 1 - bit - slice ( i.e. for 16 - bit numbers it would take 16 clock to do the calculation ) or several single - chip ALUs are used ( 4 - bit ) .
Microcode - based processors usually store both code and data in the same RAM area ( von Neumann architecture ) , while RISC - like processors have separate memory for code and data ( Harvard architecture , usually it is even impossible to read / write data from code memory ) .
All self - made processors have fixed length of commands – that is vital in order to simplify instruction decoding ( variable instruction ) .
SRAM memory is usually used – it's very easy to work with ( no need to mess with DRAM refresh each 32 - 64 ms ) , and not as expensive as before .
Most of used chips are indeed simple , but there are some which are not really simple , and were not available like 30 years ago : complete ALUs , large SRAM ( 8x1M SRAM have ~ 48 million transistors ) and EEPROM memory chips which can be used as very flexible ALU ( FPGA uses same principle for building custom circuits ) .
For example , if you take 8x65 K flash memory chip , you can perform 8 bit add or mul operation , and on 8x1 M chip you are getting ALU for custom 16 8 - bit operations .
And finally , nowadays for homemade CPUs you do n't need to worry much about microcode and program code size .
And now I am going to tell a little about the greatest home - grown processors :
Made of low - scale chips , clock rate is 2 M hz .
Made of low - scale chips .
Clock rate is 8 Mhz .
Lots of peripherals , including network card ( mycpu.eu site itself is hosted on this computer ) .
Reproducible , there are several ones built .
Made of 415 relays , around 7 Hz clock rate , nice clicking sound during computations :-)
Made of ~200 low - scale chips , clock rate is up to 4 Mhz .
Have working Minux port , homebrewcpu.com site is served by this computer .
Made of slow - scale chips , clock rate is 1 Mhz .
Obviously , optimized for Forth programs .
Microcode is stored in diode matrix , opposed to " dirty " flash - memory trick :-) .
The most juicy part : 16 - bit processor made of simplest low - frequency transistors ( around 3000 transistors ) .
Clock rate is 500 Khz , chips are used for memory and clock generation .
You can start producing that kind of transistors in like 1 year after nuclear warI hope this article would lead someone to dig deeper into internal processor architecture ( and make you own one probably ) .
Personally , I reconsidered what I 've thought about x86 : I 've though it 's architecture is ugly , but now I see that every single hated " feature " of x86 had a very strong motivation at the time it was designed .
Zoo News
Digest is the longest established and most widely read listing of current ' zoo ' related news on the internet .
It notes ' real ' events of interest to people working within the zoo industry .
By a Zoo Professional for Zoo Professionals and other interested parties .
The Digest includes comments and notification of courses and events .
Permalink for sharing !
2008 -05 - 28 Posted May 28 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum
2008 -05 - 27 Posted May 27 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum
2008 -05 - 26 Posted May 26 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum More update today .
Promise !
2008 -05 - 25 Posted May 25 , 2008 at 12:00 am Discuss this comic in the forum
William D. Cohan on Wall Street and Main Street .
In an interview last week , President Obama said he did n’t begrudge Jamie Dimon , the chief executive of JPMorganChase , and Lloyd Blankfein , the head man at Goldman Sachs , their 2009 bonuses of $ 17 million and $ 9 million , respectively .
He said that while $ 17 million was “ an extraordinary amount of money , ” there are “ some baseball players who are making more than that and do n’t get to the World Series either , so I ’m shocked by that as well . ”
While one could argue that , metaphorically anyway , both Dimon and Blankfein made it to the World Series in 2009 — with Blankfein , whose firm earned $ 13.4 billion last year , being the M.V.P. — President Obama went one step further in trying to publicly support Wall Street by saying he knew both men to be “ savvy businessmen , ” and that “ I , like most of the American people , do n’t begrudge people success or wealth . ”
Obama was of course simply repeating a bedrock principle of American capitalism that even the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression cannot dislodge .
But one wonders if the president would be a bit more begrudging if he knew that at the height of the financial crisis , many of Goldman Sachs ’s top deal - makers — although not Blankfein himself — moved quickly to unload their own stock in their firm .
This happened both in March 2008 , after Bear Stearns collapsed , and again that September , after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and the near - unwinding of the rest of Wall Street .
If everything was really under control after Lehman collapsed , why were executives dumping their stock by the bushelful ?
The whole story is contained in little - noticed public records filed with the Securities and Exchange commission — see here and here — which make enjoyable reading after spending the last year listening to the gang at Goldman and other firms whine about the terms of the Tarp program and repeatedly insist that they were n’t really in all that much trouble .
Because if these savvy Goldman guys were freaking out and selling large chunks of stock in the dark days of 2008 , that makes it a safe bet things were plenty bad and getting worse .
Among those executives who sold chunks of Goldman stock after the Bear Stearns debacle was Jack Levy , the co-chairman of Goldman ’s mergers and acquisitions department ( disclosure : he was briefly my boss when I worked in M.&A. at Merrill Lynch in the 1990s ) .
On March 19 , 2008 , two days after Bear ’s collapse , Levy sold 30,000 Goldman shares , at $ 171.32 each , generating $ 5.14 million .
Levy also “ wrote ” — or sold — 60,000 October 2008 calls on Goldman stock in the market to an investor , or investors , who bet Goldman ’s stock would reach $ 230 per share by then .
Levy pocketed the premium on the calls — and of course this was a smart bet , since Goldman ’s stock was trading around $ 90 a share by October 2008 .
Also among the big sellers in March 2008 was E. Gerald Corrigan , a Goldman managing director and former head of the New York Fed , who sold 15,000 shares of Goldman for $ 2.6 million ; Jon Winkelried , Goldman ’s co-president at the time , who sold 20,000 shares for nearly $ 3.5 million ( he quit the firm a year later after asking it to buy an additional $ 19.7 million of his illiquid investments ) ; and Masanori Mochida , the head of Goldman in Japan , who sold 100,000 shares for $ 17.6 million .
Marc Spilker , who just resigned as head of Goldman ’s asset management division , sold 11,484 shares for $ 2 million .
David Solomon , a former Bear banker who joined Goldman in 1999 and now is co-head of investment banking , sold 8,072 of his Goldman shares at $ 175.89 , generating just more than $ 1.4 million in proceeds .
( He seems to have had a change of heart : On March 24 , 2009 , he bought 4,202 shares for $ 183 each , or $ 767,000 . )
But the real action at Goldman came after Lehman blew up and the American taxpayers — through their proxies , Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and Tim Geithner , the head of the New York Fed — decided to rescue American International Group , the global insurer .
On Sept. 17 , Levy sold 50,974 Goldman shares , this time for $ 119.99 each , generating $ 6.1 million ; two days later he sold another 30,000 shares , for around another $ 4 million .
( He also wrote more calls betting that Goldman ’s stock would n’t hit $ 210 per share by January 2009 . )
Also on Sept. 17 , Mochida sold 500,000 shares , at $ 111.44 , generating $ 55.7 million .
At this time , too , some of the savviest of Goldman ’s savvy executives sold stock , including Milton Berlinski , a longtime keeper of the Goldman flame , who sold 100,000 shares on Sept. 17 , generating $ 10.3 million , and 75,000 shares the next day .
Another big seller was Richard Friedman , who runs Goldman ’s merchant banking , or principal investment , business .
He sold 120,500 shares for around $ 12.3 million on Sept. 17 , another 25,000 shares the next day for around $ 2.5 million , and 100,000 shares the day after for $ 13.8 million .
In sum , Friedman — whose job made him Goldman ’s ultimate long - term investor — sold around $ 29 million of his Goldman shares in the panic following the collapse of Lehman .
No doubt all of this fearful selling by these experienced bankers and traders could be viewed as clever , especially as Goldman ’s stock shriveled to around $ 49 per share in November 2008 , and they all likely have so much of it anyway .
But now that Goldman ’s stock has recovered smartly to around $ 155 per share and the firm is making money hand over fist , selling stock during those scary days in 2008 does n’t look nearly as smart .
Prudent , yes , but savvy , not so much .
All of which makes President Obama ’s statement about Blankfein ’s savvy all the more poignant .
As Goldman ’s chairman , any selling on his part during the depths of the financial crisis would have been viewed very negatively by the market — of course , had the market known in real time about these other executives dumping their shares , that would not have been such a great sign either .
And after Goldman cut a deal with Warren Buffett to invest $ 5 billion in the firm on Sept. 24 , 2008 , Blankfein and the other top executives were largely prevented from selling stock anyway for three years .
In the end , though , things have worked out just fine for Blankfein , despite his paltry $ 9 million bonus :
His 3.3 million Goldman shares are now worth more than $ 500 million .
Credibility on the web is not easily earned .
To be a successful designer , you need people to recognize you as skilled , competent and professional .
When someone needs something designed they turn to you because you ’ve proven yourself to them as capable and reliable .
That ’s web cred !
Here are some tips to put your name out there and earn some legitimate Web Cred .
Credibility on the web is not easily earned .
To be a successful designer , you need people to recognize you as skilled , competent and professional .
When someone needs something designed they turn to you because you ’ve proven yourself to them as capable and reliable .
That ’s web cred !
Once you ’ve established yourself , life as a designer starts to get easier .
Clients will start rolling in and your days of spec work and begging for projects will be over .
Getting to that point , however , is no easy task .
Being recognized by your peers and potential / current clients as an authority on design takes a lot of hard work , time and often luck .
Here are some tips to put your name out there and earn some legitimate Web Cred .
Do Work
If you want to be a capable designer you ’ve got to prove yourself capable .
There ’s no better way then to get out there and Do Work Son !
If all you do is read blogs about design and never design anything , what good does that do you ?
Your head may be full of knowledge but if you have nothing to show for it , have you really gained anything ?
So quit spending all your time reading ( except for this blog ) and go out and design something .
If you ’re just starting out , you ca n’t be picky when it comes to the projects you take on .
If you run across an opportunity to add some designs to your portfolio , take the chance .
That ’s not to say that you need to do work for free .
Establish yourself as a professional early by charging for your work .
You do n’t want your clients thinking you ’re a pushover who can be manipulated into minimum wage labor .
At the same time , you ca n’t expect the big bucks right away either .
But as you grow and as your designs improve , your credibility will be taken to another level .
Setup Shop
A web presence for designers is an absolute must .
You do n’t need all the bells and whistles , just a simple web presence to let people know that you ’re legit .
Make sure you get the best web host with less down time .
A friendly , clean design with a sample of your work , your skills / services , and information on how to contact you is all you need to get rolling .
Take the time to set it up right so that when someone does land on your site , they feel like they can trust you with their business .
This will be the foundation on which the rest of your web cred will be built .
Elements that your portfolio site should include :
A list of services you offer
Contact page including multiple ways of contacting you ( form , email , twitter , phone , etc . )
A little bit about who you are and maybe how you design
Good samples of your work ( duh ! )
Perfect Your Profiles
After you ’ve established a working portfolio and setup a decent looking site , it ’s time to take to the streets and put your face out there .
Everyone and their mother ( and even their grandmother ) is on the social media sites these days .
You ’ve probably already got a facebook and / or twitter account that you use for stalking and sharing your lunch choices .
To step up your web cred , establish professional profiles on all the social networks .
For Twitter , setup an account with the sole purpose of building credibility and networking .
Fill out all the appropriate profile fields ( name , location , bio , image , and background ) .
Use this as a networking tool to meet designers , clients , and anyone else who may be interested in what you do .
There are tons of articles on how you should and should n’t use a twitter account but basically treat it like a conversation .
Do n’t always talk about yourself .
Do n’t yell and repeat yourself over and over .
And limit the references to what you ’re going to have for lunch .
That ’s not relevant to your Web Cred .
Continuing on , setup a Facebook page and share some of your designs and thoughts there .
Put a professional resume up on Linkedin or other professional social media sites .
You can even sign up for a YouTube or a Vimeo account if you ’ve got videos of your designs to share .
In all of this , the main point is to get your face out there .
Be findable on all the social media sites so that when someone looks you up , they know instantly what you do and how well you do it .
Get Your Face Out There
Here we ’re continuing the theme of getting your face out there and driving traffic to your portfolio .
Write articles for design blogs ( like this one ) .
Create freebies that can be distributed around the web .
Become active on social voting sites , such as Digg , Design Bump or Design Float .
Comment on design blogs and become a voice in the design community .
All of these are great ways to plug your name on in cyberspace and ultimately bring traffic and credibility back into your court .
You can even start building your Web Cred offline .
Plug your website whenever appropriate .
Include your Twitter handle on your business card .
Tell your friends and family to spread the word about your online presence .
Basically , however you can , drive people to your sites and profiles online .
The more exposure they have to you and your brand , the more of an authority you ’ll become in their mind .
Respond to Criticism the Right Way
Inevitably someone will not like something about you .
Maybe they do n’t think your work is up to par or they dislike the way you run your business .
It ’s only a matter of time before someone tries to drag your name , and your reputation you ’ve worked so hard to build , through the mud .
How you respond will speak a lot about your character and can turn bad situations into cred-building opportunities .
Answer your criticisms quickly and politely .
There ’s no need to get into a social media yell - fest so do n’t stoop to the level of name calling and finger pointing .
Take blame where blame is due and fess up to your mistakes .
Modesty and humility can help turn a bad situation into a something that actually works in your favor .
If customers see that you care about your reputation , they ’ll be glad to bring more business your way , even with the occasional bump in the road .
Pay Your Dues
Again , there ’s no magic formula to make it to the top .
Hard work and patience will pay off in your cred- building activities .
Establishing yourself as design authority can be a slow process .
Just roll up your sleeves , put the pedal to the metal , get your game face on and do other cliche things that mention getting to work .
It ’s the work now that will payoff when you ’re rolling deep with your Web Cred .
And one more thing …
Enjoy the journey !
How Do You Build Web Cred ?
What are some other ways that you ’ve expanded your presence on the web ?
What is the hardest part about getting your work out there ?
If you ’ve already got Web Cred , how do you plan on maintaining it ?
Let me hear your questions , thoughts , and web - cred - building strategies in the comment section below .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
Kurt Nimmo
Prison Planet.com
Saturday , March 27 , 2010
Forget all the self - serving diatribes by Republicans about Obamacare .
They are for government enforced health care .
“ Republicans were for President Barack Obama ’s requirement that Americans get health insurance before they were against it , ” the Associated Press reports this morning .
Republicans trumpeted the health care “ obligation ” for decades .
Republicans trumpeted the “ obligation ” ( at gunpoint ) that Americans buy health care insurance from large monopolistic corporations for decades , long before Hill and Bill attempted to foist their version on the plebs .
Republican statists view health care at gunpoint as a “ free - market route to guarantee coverage for all Americans — the answer to liberal ambitions for a government - run entitlement like Medicare . ”
Of course Republicans do n’t support Medicare .
It does not fit the narrow confines of their partisan political ideology .
Medicare was included as part of the Social Security Act of 1965 , signed into law by president Lyndon B. Johnson , a Democrat .
Republicans are miffed because Obama and the Democrats co-opted their original concept , minus a mechanism they proposed for controlling costs .
Republicans are not opposed to totalitarian care , they are simply opposed to the Democrat version .
If you believe Republicans are serious about controlling costs , look no further than Bush ’s $ 3 trillion budget proposal in 2008 ( a record at the time ) .
When Bush took office , the national debt was $ 5.73 trillion .
When he left , it was $ 10.7 trillion .
Mitt Romney — who was billed as the man who would save us from Obama and the “ socialists ” during the selection , er election — forced the residents of Massachusetts to buy health insurance .
Lord Romney said government mandated health care is “ a personal responsibility principle . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Government invariably demands “ personal responsibility ” on the part of the plebs while it engages in corruption , starts wars under false pretense and kills millions of people , and enslaves future generations to bankster debt .
Romney ’s health care at gunpoint was backed by Scott Brown , the Republican that had Democrats and the usual suspects at MSNBC and CNN chattering about a fascist rightwing takeover of Congress .
Brown replaced the late Democrat Sen. Edward M. Kennedy .
It was said his appointment would almost certainly lead to the collapse of Obamacare .
Brown says his opposition to the new shakedown for large insurance corporations is over tax increases , Medicare cuts and federal “ over - reach ” — because Democrats are doing the reaching — on a matter that should be left up to states .
It was a different story when his buddy Mitt was forcing gunpoint healthcare down the throats of Massachusettans .
In the case of states ’ rights , Brown might want to look at the example set by the former leader of his party , George W. Bush .
The Bush administration violated the Tenth Amendment by repeatedly meddling in the states in regard to medical marijuana , the federalization of education , and state control of the National Guard .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ The idea of an individual mandate as an alternative to single - payer was a Republican idea , ” health economist Mark Pauly of the University of Pennsylvania ’s Wharton School told the Associated Press .
In 1991 , Pauly published a paper explaining how a “ mandate ” ( government coercion ) could be combined with tax credits to force the commoners into compliance .
Pauly ’s paper was embraced by the George H.W. Bush administration .
Republicans like to tell you they are opposed to taxation .
Instead , they use taxes as a carrot and a stick to force government mandates down your throat .
Nixon before Bush backed the idea of a mandate that employers provide insurance .
Even the Heritage Foundation back in the day supported this government imposed “ individual requirement . ”
Later today in Nevada , the Republican Tea Party will gather and demand the ouster of Democrat Sen. Harry Reid and the Democrats for passing Obamacare .
The event will be led by the darling of the establishment Tea Party , former Alaskan governor Sarah Palin .
On Friday , Tea Party Sarah threw her support behind the establishment stalwart John McCain .
McCain ’s latest authoritarian outrage is the “ Enemy Belligerent Interrogation , Detention , and Prosecution Act of 2010 ″ that , if passed , would turn the country into a military dictatorship .
It was introduced with the participation of the notorious warmonger Joe Lieberman .
Apparently the legislation is backed by Tea Party Sarah .
The Nevada event was organized by the Tea Party Express , an organization in bed with Our Country Deserves Better PAC , which is closely affiliated with the Republican - affiliated consulting firm Russo Marsh & Associates .
In other words , the event in Nevada will be strictly an establishment Republican affair .
The objective is not to get rid of government enforced health care , but to get of rid of Reid and put in a Republican .
It is another example of the false right - left paradigm in action .
In January , the Tea Party Express supported Scott Brown .
As noted above , Brown supported Romney ’s version of Obamacare in Massachusetts .
Republicans will shamelessly exploit the compromised Tea Party and the efforts of the states to repeal Obamacare in order to win seats in Congress during the mid-term elections .
If they manage to overturn the Democrat majority in Congress , they will not work to repeal Obamacare .
They may nibble around the edges of the bill but will leave it largely intact .
Republicans have no problem with the government forcing you to shell over your money to large insurance companies .
Republicans are enforcers for the global elite and transnational corporations .
Both Republicans and Democrats need to be trounced in November .
Obamacare needs to be challenged on Constitutional grounds .
The establishment controlled Supreme Court , however , cannot be counted on to repeal the bill .
It may take civil disobedience on the part of millions of Americans before this bill ends up in the dust bin of history where it belongs .
This article was posted : Saturday , March 27 , 2010 at 12:45 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
On October 26th , 1954 , 24 - year - old aspiring actor Clint Eastwood — yet to make his debut on the big screen — penned the following extremely polite letter to Billy Wilder and warned the director of his poor performance during an on - screen interview ; footage he feared Wilder would use in lieu of a screen test .
The week previous , Wilder had agreed to meet Eastwood on the recommendation of fellow director Arthur Lubin with a view to possibly using him in his forthcoming movie , The Spirit of St. Louis , a biographical feature film based on the life of aviator Charles Lindbergh .
As we now know , James Stewart was eventually given the part , and Eastwood found another route to success .
Transcript follows .
( Source : Geoff Harding ; Image : Clint Eastwood , via . )
Transcript
Tuesday , October 26 , 1954 Dear Mr. Wilder ,
Thank you for taking your time to see me last Tuesday when Mr. Arthur Lubin was kind enough to introduce us on your set .
Mr. Solly Baiano of Warner Brothers seemed quite enthusiastic about my possibilities for the Lindbergh role , when he met me here at Universal where I am under contract .
I was concerned when you mentioned to Mr. Lubin that you would like to see a test .
The only one Universal has made was one of those difficult interviews in which I felt I was not very good , even though I was given a contract on the strength of it .
When the time comes for casting , I would appreciate so much your letting me talk with you rather than seeing this test , for I have improved in every way since that time .
I feel the qualities you might be seeking can better be found in a personal interview .
Again , may I thank you and trust I did not take too much of your time .
I now look forward to our next meeting .
Respectfully yours , Clint Eastwood 4020 Arch Drive
North Hollywood
Two grizzled denizens of the 84 - unit apartment building at 115 West 86th Street died last weekend , Harry on Friday evening , and his compatriot Bix on Saturday .
They were virtual centenarians .
Both were wildly popular , highly visible and on a one - name basis with their piece of the Upper West Side : Harry for a debonair self - assurance reminiscent of Cary Grant , Bix for his diplomatic skills and soulful eyes .
The fact that they were not human , but were instead a pair of 14 - year - old dogs , seems only to have magnified the bereavement in their building , where they had lived longer than most tenants ; on their block , where Harry held court at sidewalk cafes and was known as the Mayor of 86th Street ; and deep into Central Park , where Bix had been the ringleader of a 9 a.m. play group since 1997 .
As they got older , the two dogs were afforded privileges usually extended to elderly humans .
Bix and Harry had first dibs on entering and exiting the elevator ; residents commiserated with Harry , a purebred Shar - Pei , in the lobby on rainy days because they knew he disliked getting wet .
Bix , named for the jazz musician Bix Beiderbecke , and a mishmash of Akita , Saint Bernard and German shepherd , was the opposite : oblivious to bad weather , crazy about swimming , and delighted to peruse the nose - level bone display at the neighborhood Pet Stop , until the day he died .
His 84 - year - old owner , the documentary filmmaker D. A. Pennebaker , said he never knew any of his neighbors until Bix moved in , an instant catalyst for eye contact and conversation .
An invalid key has been used , please contact technical support .
assforsex.com is for sale !
Payment plan available requiring minimum $ 6,969.00 down payment .
( You get the domain immediately after down - payment ) Fucking Dirty Sex . . . what virtually every body wants , but almost nobody will admit it .
Play a part in the hunger .
Sold securely via NameSilo
New Products Coming Soon !
Be The First To Know
Roger that !
We 'll let you know when they 're available .
Oops , we had an error , please try again .
Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
About half of adults in the UK are affected by high blood pressure People with occasionally high blood pressure are more at risk of stroke than those with consistently high readings , research suggests .
Current guidelines focus on measuring average blood pressure levels to spot and prevent the chance of a stroke .
But research suggests doctors should no longer ignore variation in test results and give drugs that produce the most steady blood pressure levels .
The Stroke Association called for national guidelines to be overhauled .
In the first of the series of studies published in The Lancet , UK and Swedish researchers looked at the variability in blood pressure readings at doctors ' checks .
What we 're saying is , do n't discount that one - off high blood pressure reading
Professor Peter Rothwell , study leader
They found those with fluctuating readings at different GP visits had the greatest risk of future stroke regardless of what their average blood pressure reading was .
A review of previous trials also found that the differences in effectiveness of several blood pressure drugs could be explained by how well they kept blood pressure on an even keel .
Some drugs , in particular beta blockers , were shown in a separate study in The Lancet Neurology , to increase variation in a patient 's blood pressure .
' Major implications ' Professor Peter Rothwell of the Department of Clinical Neurology at the University of Oxford , who led the research , said the findings have major implications for how GPs spot and treat people at high risk of stroke .
" At the moment , the guidelines for GPs say not to believe a one - off unusual reading , to bring the patient back and measure again , and as long as it's not consistently high , there is no need to treat .
" What we 're saying is do n't discount that one - off high blood pressure reading . "
He added that GPs would also need to make sure they prescribe the most effective drug combinations - ideally one that lowers blood pressure but also stabilises it .
It is not know exactly why occasional spikes would increase a person 's risk of stroke but it is thought it puts undue stress on the system .
We urge GPs to read this research to help them prescribe the best treatment for people at risk of stroke
Joe Korner , Stroke Association " If you get rapid fluctuations that can cause turbulent flow of blood which can cause damage and stiffening in the arteries , " said Professor Rothwell .
He said anyone with high blood pressure who tests themselves at home might want to mention to their GP if they spot variations in their results .
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence 's guidelines on high blood pressure is in the process of being rewritten and these latest studies will be taken into account .
Joe Korner , director of communications at The Stroke Association said people who have occasional high blood pressure readings - known as episodic hypertension - are often not treated .
" With this new research it is now important that the clinical guidelines about treating high blood pressure are reviewed .
" In the meantime we urge GPs to read this research to help them prescribe the best treatment for people at risk of stroke . "
Experts stressed that those already prescribed medication for high blood pressure should not worry or stop taking their pills .
Professor Peter Weissberg , medical director at the British Heart Foundation said : " Current practice is not wrong , but this might add a new measure to help doctors make decisions on who to treat for hypertension and which drug to use . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the last few weeks the corporatocracy has gone on a massive Madison Avenue public relations tour touting the great job banks are doing and how they are paying back the taxpayer for the generous gift of life .
Instead of working with small business or lowering credit card rates banks have taken it upon their shoulders to issue record breaking bonuses .
It is true that banks are paying back TARP handouts yet few are focusing on how the banks have made profits in the last 9 months since those dismal days of March .
There is also this convenient avoidance of fact that some $ 14 trillion in bailouts have been made to banks and Wall Street .
The TARP repayments amount to a few hundred billion , no small amount , but a fraction of the real cost to the American taxpayer .
The average American has benefitted very little from the corporatocracy handout to their banking colleagues .
As the Federal Reserve comes under attack , they are attempting to play it calm and collected while telling the American public that there is nothing to see behind their mythical curtain .
That is the furthest thing from the truth since the Federal Reserve has been the biggest player in the $ 14 trillion bailout :
Source : It Takes a Pillage
Do you ever wonder how in the world the American banking system can continue to make 30 year fixed mortgages at historically low interest rates even though the FDIC and other banking arms are virtually insolvent ?
Well first , banks do n’t hold onto the mortgages anymore since the entire game is now backed by government loans .
Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and FHA insured loans are all the rage now .
And the market has no appetite for these loans .
The Federal Reserve through one of the mechanisms above , has bought $ 1.25 trillion in mortgage backed securities to keep mortgage rates artificially low .
In other words , banks are merely passing through government paper to consumers which begs the question , why do we even need the bank in the first place ?
Why not borrow directly from the government and cut out the middleman ?
Of course , that is merely one play on the bailout PR lie machine .
Next , you have credit card rates spiking through the roof while banks , the same players in the mortgage game borrow near zero percent from the Fed and U.S. Treasury and then turn around gouging customers on rates and even going as far as entering the realm of the absurd with 79.9 percent rates .
You want to know how banks made their money since March ?
They went to the Fed and U.S. Treasury and borrowed money for free and basically charged high premiums on customers ( aka , taxpayers who saved them from implosion ) and also used this interest free money to gamble on Wall Street .
Since we are now operating in a mode of “ nothing will fail ” especially if you are a bank , these institutions took it upon themselves to gamble it up on Wall Street .
If things went down , they had the taxpayer to eat the bet .
If things went up as they did they pay off their TARP handcuffs and it is back to record bonuses for the corporatocracy .
How much did the average American get in direct help from the bailouts ?
This is how lopsided the game has become .
The gap between the extremely rich and the poor has never been this big except for the Roaring 20s .
We all know what followed .
The notion that these banks are earning profits in some sort of free market capitalism is the biggest joke going around .
This is n’t capitalism .
This is a market that is run by the best money can buy .
And for the past 30 years Wall Street and D.C. have built a bond that now ignores for the most part the plight of the average American .
Wall Street is so disconnected from Main Street that they do n’t even realize foreclosures are still near their peak !
They seem to ignore the fact that unemployment and underemployment is up over 17 percent .
These are simply erasable facts .
What they want you to focus on is the bailout paybacks :
Source : It Takes a Pillage
Keep focusing on these diversions .
It is also the case that many of these banks are trying to payback TARP as quickly as possible so they can go back into their black boxes and gamble as much as they can without any kind of oversight .
This is the kind of deregulation that led us into this mess and we have yet to see any sensible market restraints come into the arena .
What is it going to take to have some serious legislation ?
Are we going to need to go Mad Max style before something changes ?
The politicians certainly do n’t reflect the views of the public .
The majority want to audit the Fed but Congress on both sides of the aisle is bought and only listens to their contributors .
Is it any wonder why so much money is being used to circumvent any kind of audit ?
If there is nothing to hide then why even worry about it ?
The financial engineers , those paper pushers who caused this mess , want you to believe that somehow they have the solution to the crisis .
To them this recent economic collapse is simply a road bump in their path to perpetual greed that sucks the life out of the productive economy .
Banking needs to go back to being a utility like water or electric .
Boring , stale , and there to provide a service to the real economy .
Deregulation has failed miserably because people ignore the inherent behavior of mankind .
It really is no surprise that Wall Street is fleecing the American people for all they got , even the lint in their pocket lining .
As they borrow for near zero , they then go out and lend it for 5.5 percent on mortgages if they are even to hold the note or give out credit cards with 28.9 percent variable rates .
With that kind of margin is it any wonder they are making money ?
Last time I checked my mortgage was n’t at zero percent .
I ’m starring at a credit card bill right now and I can tell you that the rate is not even close to zero .
But of course banks need to charge this margin because of the risk in the lending process even though they can’t fail because of the nanny banking state .
Then why not just have the government lend to the American people directly ?
Because then , we reveal that the wizard behind the curtain is nothing more than a money vortex for the middle class .
Americans are feeling furious .
These TARP paybacks are absurd .
We even hear the Treasury Secretary talk about the “ profit ” we made .
This is such nonsense for the above reasons .
This is n’t like banks went out and created new products and sold them on the market for a benefit to society .
What they did is they went back to the casino and made gigantic bets that paid off .
The problem of course is those bets were financed by the American taxpayer .
Trillions in bailouts still remain outstanding .
A few trillion sit on the books of the Fed .
What have they taken for collateral ?
They do n’t want to open up their books because what we will find will horrify the public .
Toxic mortgages , questionable loans , and other securitized junk that was exchanged for U.S. Treasuries .
Is it any wonder why the dollar is being pummeled ?
We are slowly being robbed by Wall Street and the Federal Reserve .
Who needs conspiracy theories or back room talks when they are doing it right in front of our eyes ?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
WHEATLAND TOWNSHIP , Mich . --
Members of a rural Michigan - based Christian militia who believed a battle with the Antichrist was coming were plotting to attack police officers in hopes of fomenting a violent uprising against the government , federal prosecutors alleged .
Seven men and one woman believed to be part of the group called Hutaree were arrested over the weekend after raids in Michigan , Indiana and Ohio .
The ninth suspect was arrested Monday night after a search in southern Michigan and was expected to be arraigned Tuesday .
FBI agents moved quickly against Hutaree because its members were planning an attack sometime in April , prosecutors said .
Members had been undergoing paramilitary training , including learning how to shoot guns and make bombs , since 2008 , according to an indictment .
Authorities seized guns in the raids but would not say whether they found explosives .
Prosecutors said suspected Hutaree ringleader , 44 - year - old David Brian Stone of Clayton , identified law enforcement officers as potential targets .
He and other members discussed setting off bombs at a police funeral , using a fake 911 call to lure an officer to his death , killing an officer after a traffic stop , or attacking the family of an officer , according to the indictment .
The indictment said that after the attacks , the group planned to retreat to " rally points " protected by trip - wired explosives for a violent standoff with the law .
More On This ... Michigan Militia Group Preparing for Antichrist , Web Site Says
" It is believed by the Hutaree that this engagement would then serve as a catalyst for a more widespread uprising against the government , " it said .
Eight Hutaree members , including Stone , appeared in federal court Monday .
They were charged with seditious conspiracy -- plotting to levy war against the U.S. -- possessing a firearm during a crime of violence , teaching the use of explosives , and attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction -- homemade bombs .
A standoff at a trailer in rural Lenawee County ended late Monday with the arrest of the ninth suspect -- one of Stone 's sons -- who will be arraigned Tuesday , spokeswoman Gina Balaya of the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Detroit said .
Joshua Matthew Stone surrendered without a fight late Monday after the FBI played messages over loudspeakers from family and friends urging the 21 - year - old from Clayton to give himself up .
He had been hiding inside a trailer in Hillsdale County 's Wheatland Township with five other adults and a child .
The arrests dealt " a severe blow to a dangerous organization that today stands accused of conspiring to levy war against the United States , " Attorney General Eric Holder said .
In the indictment , prosecutors said David Brian Stone -- known as " Captain Hutaree " -- organized the group in paramilitary fashion and appointed his son Joshua as an operational unit leader .
Ranks ranged from " radoks " to " gunners , " according to the group 's Web site .
Stone 's ex-wife , Donna Stone , told The Associated Press that her ex-husband also pulled her son , David Brian Stone Jr. , into the movement .
She said she also helped talk Joshua Stone , who is not her biological son , into surrendering during the standoff .
" It started out as a Christian thing , " she said .
" You go to church .
You pray .
You take care of your family .
I think David started to take it a little too far . "
After Joshua Stone 's surrender , other adults at the home were taken into custody , but authorities have yet to decide if they will face charges , according to Andrew Arena , head of the FBI 's field office in Detroit .
The child was 1 or 2 years old , he said .
Other details , including whether those in the trailer were affiliated with Hutaree , were n't immediately released .
Joshua Stone and his family were familiar with the area and may have done some training there , though not necessarily at the site where he was apprehended , Arena said .
Hutaree says on its
Web site its name means " Christian warrior . "
The group quotes several Bible passages and declares : " We believe that one day , as prophecy says , there will be an Anti-Christ .
... Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword and stay alive using equipment . "
The Web site does not list specific grievances against law enforcement and the government .
The site features a picture of 17 men in camouflage , all holding large guns , and includes videos of armed men running through the woods .
Each wears a shoulder patch that bears a cross and two red spears .
Heidi Beirich , research director of the Southern Poverty Law Center , said her group learned about Hutaree last year while compiling its annual list of " patriot groups . "
" Their Christian apocalyptic vision is quite different from most other militias , " Beirich said .
" Most do n't put their religion first -- they 're more concerned with out - of - control federal government . "
The wife of one of the defendants described Hutaree as a small group of patriotic , Christian buddies engaged in survival training .
" It consisted of a dad and two of his sons and I think just a couple other close friends of theirs , " said Kelly Sickles , whose husband , Kristopher , was among those charged .
" It was supposed to be a Christian group .
Christ - like , right , so why would you think that 's something wrong with that , right ? "
Sickles said agents seized the guns her 27 - year - old husband collected as a hobby and searched for bomb - making materials at her home near Sandusky , Ohio , but added : " He does n't even know how to make a bomb . "
One defendant expressed anti-tax views during his Monday court hearing .
Thomas W. Piatek , a truck driver from Whiting , Ind. , told a federal judge he could not afford an attorney because he was " getting raped on property taxes . "
The mother of another defendant , 33 - year - old Jacob Ward , told police in Huron , Ohio , last summer that family members took away his two guns -- an AK - 47 rifle and a semiautomatic pistol -- because she thought he needed mental health treatment .
CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico —
The killing of an American consulate worker and her husband over the weekend in the shadow of the bridge that links this ramshackle city with the United States has become a public symbol of the mounting concern here that President Felipe Calderón ’s strategy for attacking Mexico ’s drug cartels is veering far off course .
The city braced for a visit on Tuesday from Mr. Calderón , who has been forced by the relentless violence here to recalibrate his approach and acknowledge that merely concentrating firepower on the drug gangs is not working .
In an about - face , the Mexican government has begun refocusing much of its energy on attacking social issues in Ciudad Juárez , in what officials say privately could be an experiment for other Mexican cities that are consumed by drug violence .
American officials say they have encouraged and supported the new approach , pointing to the lack of opportunity here .
Mac and Windows only : Spruce up the functionality and aesthetics of your screeensaver with Fliqlo .
Fliqlo mimics an old school clock with flipping digits .
The time can be customized to display in 12 - hour or 24 - hour formats .
Additionally , you can customize the zoom using the up and down arrow keys .
Fliqlo is a free screensaver that has been around for ages but never made an appearance on Lifehacker .
Not into the clock ?
We 've posted a few other screensavers you might like .
Fliqlo is a free download for Mac and Windows only .
Advertisement
Thomas Tallis I love Thomas Tallis .
But I especially love Spem in Alium .
Read more
Fliqlo Screensaver [ 9031 ]
" Mr. President ,
When you asked the country to give you questions , one of the most asked was " Are you going to legalize Marijuana " .
When you read it , you laughed like it wasnt serious .
Why is that ? "
None , Florida
1,906 Votes
" What are your plans for cannabis legalization ? "
Anonymous , Oklahoma
1,783 Votes
" Why do n't you legalize marijuana , it seems like a great way to gain tax money , and people should have to right to use it if they please , and it would cripple gang activity ?
Do you plan to ? "
Lussy Picker , Kentucky
1,766 Votes
Another online Q&A contest concluded Monday without any straight answers from the President about why marijuana remains illegal .
YouTube , which sponsored the forum , declined to ask the President a single marijuana - related question , despite overwhelming public demand .
As was the case with every previous online forum of this sort , questions about marijuana legalization were not only prominent , they were by far the most popular vote - getters .
These are the top three highest - rated questions from the entire contest :
Sadly , none of these questions were answered .
In contrast , the most popular question that was n't about marijuana received 1,331 votes and , yes , the President answered that one .
It was about net neutrality , which Obama says he supports .
So , at least we 'll continue to enjoy free speech on the internet , even as the White House pretends not to hear us .
Incredibly , this political popularity contest was broken up into categories including Jobs & the Economy , Health Care , Energy & Environment , Foreign Policy & National Security , Education , Financial Reform , and Government Reform , yet it was the " Other " section which drew the most votes , due entirely to its emphasis on legalizing marijuana .
" Other " has become a de- facto euphemism for drug policy reform in several of these White House sponsored forums , which would n't keep happening if " Crime & Drug Policy " were given its own well - deserved category alongside the other issues that supposedly encompass the modern political landscape .
Instead , the whole online voting process has become a self - evident mockery , as the contest 's democratic structure is violated time and again simply to avoid answering one simple question .
But if you 're frustrated by all of this , do n't be .
We 're winning the online debate , and we 're doing so at a time when online outreach is important enough to the White House that they keep coming back for more .
Sources :
Dr. Mercola's Comments
Why is Ractopamine Allowed in U.S. Meat ?
" The same way Elanco 's other two blockbusters , Stilbosol ( diethylstilbestrol or DES ) , now withdrawn , and Posilac or bovine growth hormone ( rBST ) , bought from Monsanto in 2008 , became part of the nation 's food supply : shameless corporate lobbying .
A third of meetings on the Food Safety and Inspection Service 's public calendar in January 2009 were with Elanco , a division of Eli Lilly -- or about ractopamine . "
Massive Industry Lobbying Gets Agribusiness
What it Wants ...
at Your Expense
Cozy Connections Allowed rbGH Hormones in Your Dairy Products , Too
" Taylor also determined that milk from injected cows did not require any special labeling .
And as a gift to his future employer Monsanto , he wrote a white paper suggesting that if companies ever had the audacity to label their products as not using rbGH , they should also include a disclaimer stating that according to the FDA , there is no difference between milk from treated and untreated cows . "
A livestock drug banned in 160 nations and responsible for hyperactivity , muscle breakdown and 10 percent mortality in pigs has been approved by the FDA .
The beta agonist ractopamine , a repartitioning agent that increases protein synthesis , was recruited for livestock use when researchers found the drug , used in asthma , made mice more muscular .
Ractopamine is started as the animal nears slaughter .
How does a drug marked , " Not for use in humans .
Individuals with cardiovascular disease should exercise special caution to avoid exposure .
Use protective clothing , impervious gloves , protective eye wear , and a NIOSH - approved dust mask " become " safe " in human food ?
With no washout period ?
The drug is banned in Europe , Taiwan and China , and more than 1,700 people have been " poisoned " from eating pigs fed the drug since 1998 , but ractopamine is used in 45 percent of U.S. pigs and 30 percent of ration - fed cattle .
AlterNet February 2 , 2010 Ractopamine , aka Paylean and Optaflexx , is banned in 160 countries , including Europe , Taiwan and China .
If imported meat is found to contain traces of the drug , it is turned away , while fines and imprisonment result for its use in banned countries .
Yet , Why ?
This drug , manufactured by Elanco Animal Health , increases protein synthesis .
In other words , it makes animals more muscular ... and this increases food growers ' bottom line .
Adding insult to injury , up to 20 percent of ractopamine remains in the meat you buy from the supermarket , according to veterinarian Michael W. Fox .
Yet this drug is marked " Not for use in humans , " and is known to increase death and disability in livestock .
While other drugs require a clearance period of around two weeks to help ensure the compounds are flushed from the meat prior to slaughter ( and therefore reduce residues leftover for human consumption ) , there is no clearance period for ractopamine .
In fact , food growers intentionally use the drug in the last days before slaughter in order to increase its effectiveness .
" How does a drug marked , " Not for use in humans .
Individuals with cardiovascular disease should exercise special caution to avoid exposure .
Use protective clothing , impervious gloves , protective eye wear , and a NIOSH - approved dust mask " become " safe " in human food ?
With no washout period ? " asks columnist Martha Rosenberg .
She answers : Industrial agriculture lobbyists wield incredible power in Congress , and the fact that ractopamine is in U.S. meat is a shining testimony to this .
Time magazine put it quite well when they described current farm policy as " a welfare program for the megafarms that use the most fuel , water and pesticides ; emit the most greenhouse gases ; grow the most fattening crops ; hire the most illegals ; and depopulate rural America .
" There are too many conflicts of interest to name , but , for example , you may be surprised to learn that former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack is now the Secretary of Agriculture , an appointment that took place despite massive public outcry .
What was needed for an effective Secretary of Agriculture was someone who would develop and implement a plan that promotes family - scale farming and a safe and nutritious food system with a sustainable and organic vision .
What we got was yet another politician who 's already made room in his bed for the industry lobby .
Overall , Vilsack 's record is one of aiding and abetting Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations ( CAFOs ) or factory farms ( the ones that use chemicals like ractopamine ) and promoting animal cloning .
Michael Taylor , a former vice president of public policy and chief lobbyist at Monsanto Company , is now the senior advisor for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
Who is Michael Taylor ?
He is the person who not only " oversaw the creation of GMO policy , " according to Jeffrey Smith , the leading spokesperson on the dangers of GM foods , but also oversaw the policy regarding Monsanto 's genetically engineered bovine growth hormone ( rbGH / rbST ) .
This growth hormone , which has been banned in Canada , Europe , Japan , Australia and New Zealand because of cancer risks and other health concerns , was approved in the United States while Taylor was in charge at the FDA .
Smith writes : Taylor 's white paper , which again was untrue as even FDA scientists acknowledged differences in the rbGH milk , allowed Monsanto to sue dairies that labeled their products rbGH - free !
In a similar vain , the FDA 's Center for Veterinary Medicine 's Office of Surveillance and Compliance sent a 14 - page warning letter to Elanco regarding ractopamine three years after its approval for use in pigs .
They accused the company of withholding information about " safety and effectiveness " and " adverse animal drug experiences .
" Nonetheless , the next year the FDA decided to approved ractopamine for use in cattle , too , and later for turkeys as well .
What Should You do if You Don't Want Drugs and Chemicals in Your Food ?
So if you purchase your food from a typical supermarket , you are taking your chances that your food is teeming with chemicals and drugs -- even those that have been banned in other countries .
So please do your health a favor and support the small family farms in your area .
You 'll receive nutritious food from a source that you can trust , and you 'll be supporting the honest work of a real family farm .
It all boils down to this : if you want to optimize your health , you must return to the basics of healthy food choices .
Put your focus on WHOLE foods - foods that have not been processed or altered from their original state - food that has been grown or raised as nature intended , without the use of chemical additives , drugs , hormones , pesticides and fertilizers .
It 's as simple as that !
It is not nearly as daunting a task as it may seem to find a local farmer that can supply your family with healthy , humanely raised animal products and produce .
At LocalHarvest.org , for instance , you can enter your zip code and find farmers ' markets , family farms , and other sources of sustainably grown food in your area , all with the click of a button .
Once you make the switch from supermarket to local farmer , the choice will seem natural , and you can have peace of mind that the food you 're feeding your family is safe.language= " javascript " >
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Defying grim predictions that the economic downturn would clobber specialist books , the annual contest for oddest title has had a bumper year , with the 2009 winner being named on Friday as “ Crocheting Adventures with Hyperbolic Planes . ”
The book won 42 percent of the vote run by TheBookseller.com to emerge a comfortable winner .
The top six were as follows : 1 . Crocheting Adventures with Hyperbolic Planes 2 . What Kind of Bean is this Chihuahua ?
3 . Collectible Spoons of the Third Reich 4 . Afterthoughts of a Worm Hunter 5 . Governing Lethal Behavior in Autonomous Robots 6 . The Changing World of Inflammatory Bowel Disease
Horace Bent ,
The Bookseller magazine ’s diarist , said “ Crocheting ” was always the front runner .
“ It defended its poll - topping position despite strong support for the spoon - carrying Third Reich , once again attempting to muscle in on someone else ’s territory . ”
Bent added : “ I confess that when the credit crunch began to bite British publishing , I feared for the future of this most prestigious of literary awards .
“ Surely oddly titled books would suffer in a climate that was prompting publishers to focus on more bankable works -- like frankly lamentable biographies of Z - list “ celebrities ’ and those depressing white books with doleful children on the cover . ”
“ I believe Crocheting Adventures with Hyperbolic Planes is a worthy champion to stand alongside the likes of ‘ Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers ’ and ‘ Living with Crazy Buttocks ’ as winners of this distinguished award . ”
Philip Stone ,
The Bookseller ’s charts editor , said the magazine had received more than 4,500 votes , which had been a reflection of the oddest and therefore strongest shortlist in the 32 - year history of the prize .
“ I think what won it for Crocheting Adventures with Hyperbolic Planes is that , very simply , the title is completely bonkers , ” he added .
“ On the one hand you have the typically feminine , gentle and woolly world of needlework and on the other , the exciting but incredibly un-woolly world of hyperbolic geometry and negative curvature .
“ In Crocheting ... the two worlds collide in a captivating and quite breathtaking way . ”
BREAKING : FBI Raids Activist House in Utah , Connected to Iowa ALF Investigation
FBI agents and law enforcement from multiple agencies have raided a well - known activist group house in Salt Lake City , Utah , today in connection with an investigation of Animal Liberation Front crimes in Iowa .
I just got off the phone with multiple housemates who were there witnessing the raid , and who were able to read the warrant .
Details about all of this are still emerging , but at this point it is clear that the warrant was issued by the Southern District of Iowa , and authorizes the seizure of any books , pamphlets , computers and other materials tied to “ animal enterprise terrorism . ”
[ UPDATE :
Here is copy of the warrant . ]
Some background :
In Minnesota , a graduate student named Scott DeMuth has been indicted on conspiracy charges under the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act .
The charges are related to a 2004 raid by the Animal Liberation Front at the University of Iowa .
Another Minnesota activist , Carrie Feldman , has been jailed for refusing to testify about her political beliefs and political associations before a grand jury .
Feldman was a teenager at the time of the ALF crime , and says the grand jury is clearly an attempt to harass and intimidate the activist community .
So how did the FBI end up in Utah ?
One of the housemates , Peter Young , is repeatedly mentioned by name in the warrant .
Young was one of the first people prosecuted for “ animal enterprise terrorism ” in connection to fur farm raids in the late 90s .
( His co-defendant Justin Samuel is also mentioned in the warrant ) .
He served two years in prison , and has been living in Salt Lake City , speaking at colleges , and writing on his website , Voice of the Voiceless .
He is among the most vocal , public supporters of the ALF and direct action .
The only connection I can decipher between Young and the Iowa investigation is this : in an emergency motion filed against Scott DeMuth , to keep him in jail , the government calls DeMuth an “ anarchist ” and “ domestic terrorist . ”
As evidence of this , they say he is an “ associate ” of Peter Young .
As DeMuth ’s faculty advisor has publicly explained , this is tied to his research as a graduate student .
There are about nine people living at the activist group house in Salt Lake .
At least 15 computers were taken by the FBI , along with boxes of documents , notebooks , files , and address books .
The house is well - known in the area as a gathering space for animal rights and other activists .
No arrests have been made , and at this point it seems Iowa is being used as a pretext for a continued campaign of harassment and intimidation .
Among the items taken from the FBI ’s terrorism raid : a postcard for Iowa 80 , “ the world ’s largest truck stop . ”
I ’ll continue to update as this story develops .
In the meantime , this is a good opportunity to plug the National Lawyers Guild hotline , 1-888-NLG-ECOL .
Also , please write Carrie Feldman a letter as she continues to resist the grand jury witch hunt .
Carolyn Feldman ,
770 Iowa St. , Dubuque , IA 52001 .
Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( CNN ) --
It was something straight out of a James Bond film : A team of alleged killers in a swank Dubai hotel , some of them scoping out their target in an elevator while dressed in tennis clothes and carrying rackets and backpacks .
The suspects , seen on security videotapes , fall short of the dashing and debonair assassins seen on film .
They are ordinary , unremarkable .
They do not stand out or draw attention to themselves .
But their mission , according to Dubai police , was a chilling one : the cold - blooded murder of a top Hamas official .
And that alleged mission was a success -- the body of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found in his hotel room the following day , January 20 .
Authorities have not said how al - Mabhouh died , but told his family there were signs of electric shocks on his legs , behind his ears , on his genitals and over his heart .
Blood on a pillow led police to believe he was suffocated .
The killers left some of al - Mabhouh 's medicine next to his bed in an apparent effort to suggest his death was not suspicious , police said .
Dubai police on Monday named 11 suspects in the case -- 10 men and a woman -- and released their pictures .
An international arrest warrant was issued Tuesday .
Officials involved in the investigation , however , have told CNN there are 17 suspects involved -- one Palestinian and 16 Europeans -- although only 11 names have been released .
Some suspects were in touch with others outside the country , the officials said .
One of the Palestinians -- a man believed to have met , at the airport , the alleged mastermind , a man from France who is seen on closed - circuit television handing him an envelope -- was arrested in Jordan , and led authorities to a second Palestinian .
Both of the Palestinians were living in the United Arab Emirates and had residential visas , authorities said .
They have been returned to Dubai , where they remain in custody .
But questions remain about who the suspects are -- and who they were working for .
Police have said the 11 were holding European passports -- one from France , three from Ireland , six from Britain and one from Germany .
The British government , however , has said it believes the passports used were fraudulent .
On Wednesday , the French government said the passport from that country also was fraudulent .
Ireland said it was unable to find any record of passports being issued with details that have been reported in the UAE .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for a full investigation into the alleged fraudulent passports .
Meanwhile , the passports have caused consternation in Israel , where up to seven people are wondering how their names got on the travel documents .
They deny any knowledge of al - Mabhouh 's death .
Hamas has called al - Mabhouh 's death an " assassination , " and mourners at his funeral in Damascus , Syria , speculated that the Israeli intelligence unit , Mossad , was behind it .
Al - Mabhouh , according to Hamas , was behind the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 .
" The decision for revenge has been made and the Zionists must wait for that moment and see , " said Abu Ubaida , a spokesman for Al - Qassam Brigades , the armed wing of Hamas .
Israeli security sources have told CNN that al - Mabhouh was a key link between Iran , Hezbollah and Hamas and he was involved in smuggling arms to Gaza .
The same sources also pointed out an arms dealer could have many enemies , not just Israel .
Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming or denying involvement , and government officials in Israel denied comment on the " assassination " statement .
" The Israeli policy has always been to be vague regarding security activities , and that is the right policy , " Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman told Israel Army Radio on Wednesday .
But , he said , " There is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there . "
According to police , the suspects arrived in Dubai the day before the killing .
Five of them carried out the crime while the remaining six served as lookouts , police said .
The suspects stayed in different hotels , used only cash and did not talk to each other on the phone .
Dubai police have said the alleged mastermind stayed at a luxury hotel in Dubai , but also booked a room at the al Bustan Rotana hotel , where al - Mabhouh was killed .
The French suspect requested Room 237 -- directly across from where al - Mabhouh was staying in Room 230 , police say -- but the suspect apparently never stayed there .
Instead , police say the rest of the group used the room to plot the killing and the alleged mastermind left the country before it was carried out .
Footage on security cameras at Dubai International Airport show one of the suspects following al - Mabhouh after he landed , police said .
Two others followed him once he arrived at the hotel , police said , taking the same elevator dressed as tennis players and ensuring al - Mabhouh was staying in Room 230 .
Police said they believe the suspects entered al - Mabhouh 's room about 8 p.m. after the hotel cleaning crew finished their rotation on the floor , using an electronic device to gain entry .
Al - Mabhouh entered his room at 8:25 p.m. , hotel security cameras and an electronic read - out of his room key show .
Police say it was no more than 10 minutes before the suspects left the room and headed immediately to the airport , where they boarded flights to various cities in Europe and Asia , police said .
Before leaving , police said , the group took great care to make sure the room looked orderly , removing anything that might indicate a struggle .
The suspects also deliberately turned the safety lock on the room door from the inside in order to suggest the death was normal , police said .
The alleged assassination plot is " not that surprising , " Gary Berntsen , a former officer and longtime CIA operative , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday .
" The question is whether the government or the organization that wanted to do it had the will to do it , " he said .
" Assassinating somebody like that is not that difficult .
It 's a matter of will . "
The case has caused a furor in Israel , however , as up to seven people have the same names as suspects in the case .
None resembled the photos released by police , however , and several have denied involvement to the media .
" I am simply in complete shock , " one of them , Stephen Daniel Hodes , told CNN .
" I do n't know what is happening .
... I do n't know how they reached me .
This is n't a picture of me , of course .
I do n't know who took my details or how they got them .
I have n't left the country in , I think , two years , and I 've never been to Dubai .
I do n't know what is happening and I 'm simply afraid . "
Another man , British - board repairman Paul John Keeley , told the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz , " I 'm in shock -- I just do n't understand how something like this could happen . "
" From the moment I heard about it I was very worried .
I 'm worried for my family , " said Keeley , 43 and the father of three .
" I do n't know who a person calls when their identity is stolen .
I 'm waiting for someone from the British or Israeli government to contact me and give me answers . "
Government officials working as part of the investigation team told CNN that the passports were used in trips to Europe and Asia during the last six months , and some were used to obtain credit cards and rental cars .
Haaretz 's education correspondent , Or Kashti , bears a striking resemblance to one of the suspects ' photos .
In a column Tuesday , he wrote that even his mother asked him if he'd been abroad recently .
Asked about the allegedly fraudulent passports and the expertise required to do it , Berntsen , the former CIA operative , told CNN , " There are a lot of countries that can do this .
...
When we entered Kabul ( Afghanistan ) in 2001 , we found that the Taliban themselves had been doing , you know , photo substitution on passports .
...
It 's not that complicated . "
The Israeli government or Israeli security services is n't necessarily responsible , he said .
" We have had cases where Americans decided to go off and participate in operations as mercenaries .
I do n't see why , you know , you would n't see individual businessmen doing the same thing . "
CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Kevin Flower , Alanne Orjoux , Ashley Hayes and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .
But we wanted to chat with her about games over a tall glass of Hatorade .
She was nice enough to participate in an interview with the eternally doomed and that takes some character .
And guess what ?
She has a Wii !
WARNING : If you have any affection for God , Country or the military you may want to steer clear of the following interview .
She ’s got some pretty nasty things to say , so we ’ll go ahead andredirectthe overly sensitive away from the mean lady .
We at GamesRadar.com neither share , nor condone any of Mrs. Phelps - Roper ’s opinions below and would like to sincerely apologize in advance .
_______________________________________
GamesRadar :
You ’ve appeared on a lot of television shows and your group has become famous for protesting soldiers ’ funerals .
Why do you guys do that exactly ?
Shirley Phelps - Roper :
We do it because this nation is sprinting to her destruction .
You ’ve got the wrath of God abiding upon you .
We went to these funerals first to help you connect the dots , from your rebellion against God , and your filthy manner of life to your dead soldiers .
The promises of God are laid out plain and unambiguously in those scriptures .
And that includes when you wo n’t obey his commandments , you wo n’t heed the warning , that he ’ll put a hook in your jaw .
The Jaw of the Nation .
A collective hook and he ’ll drag you into a war that you cannot win and dash your children to pieces before your eyes and … on like that .
GR : So you ’re against the war or just the military in general ?
SPR : The military is just made up of Americans .
There ’s only two kinds of people who inhabit this country .
GR : And who would that be ?
SPR : That you ’re either engaged in some kind of disobedience , practicing perversion - to the standards of God I ’m talking about - or you ’re an enabler to those people .
GR : An enabler ?
SPR : [ Sighs ] Okay .
There ’s two classes .
If you ’re not in the first class , you ’re probably in the second class .
And you ’re probably in both .
GR : Me ?!
Or GamesRadar ?
SPR : Whoever .
I ’m talking to a nation .
GR : Do you play videogames at all ?
SPR : [ Laughs ]
Not today , I do n’t .
GR : Well , in general .
Does your family play games ?
SPR : You mean my children ?
GR : Yeah .
Or the Westboro Baptist Church ?
Above :
So you know , God has never confirmed any of this
SPR : Well , the Westboro Baptist Church is not a single entity .
And neither are we a single household .
My household is who I can answer for .
I do n’t play videogames .
But my children play videogames .
GR : What type of games do they play ?
SPR : Well , they play some Mario Brothers …
I do n’t remember the names , but I ’d recognize them .
GR : Cool .
Have you played at all ?
SPR : You mean ever ?
GR : Yeah .
SPR : Well sure .
I was n’t always in these particular life circumstances .
GR : Have you played any of the big games right now , like Call of Duty 4 ?
SPR : No .
GR : Is that because you ’re against it ?
SPR : No .
I do n’t know the game so why would I be against it ?
GR : Well since your protesting soldiers ’ funerals would you be inherently against a military game ?
SPR : Oh honey , that ’s just such a clueless thing [ to say ] .
GR : Well , we ’re here to learn .
SPR : Well why do n’t you ask questions and let ’s not play games .
GR : But that ’s what the questions are about …
Okay well , what systems do you have in your household ?
SPR : Hold on just a second .
[ Consults with a nearby child ]
I dunno , they got something called … it ’s a handheld thing .
GR : With two screens ?
The DS ?
SPR : Yeah .
I think that ’s right .
I think some of the children have a DS .
And some of the children have another kind that you hold in your hand .
I do n’t remember what these things are called .
It ’s something called a Wii ?
GR : Oh , you have a Wii ? Great .
Do you have a PC ?
SPR : A PC ?
You mean like a computer ?
GR : Yeah .
Do you play any games on that ?
SPR : Hon , I do n’t play any games .
GR : Why not ?
SPR : I do n’t have time to play games .
You do know I have eleven children and run around this country like a chicken with my head cut off .
Messing with T - Rex
T - Rex did n't find that joke very humerus .
Badum - Chh !
Alt - Text : ' Oh like I have n't heard that one before .
That joke was sooo Triassic Period . ' - T Rex
There are specialists who do n’t prescribe buying condos in the core of the CBD as the territory will in general be packed and the qualities do n’t generally ascend after some time .
In any case , on the off chance that you comprehend what to search for , a downtown condo can create alluring returns after some time particularly as space turns out to be more popular in our capital urban areas .
In here , I gave some key highlights to investigate when settling on a downtown venture property .
Modeler Designed Exteriors
Condos that have draftsman structured outsides will in general have a bigger bit of leeway over structures with modest decorations and glass predominant outsides .
Planner structured structures are likewise less basic which thus can order higher leases and costs .
Think about The Sound Rating
Perhaps the greatest issue living in the CBD can be the commotion from the road or inside the high rise .
To decide the loft that do n’t have this issue , discover a condo that has AAAC5 or 6 star rating just as twofold coated windows as they can decrease the commotion .
In extra , check whether there are foundations close to the high rise that can conceivably cause unsettling influence , for example , night clubs and cafés .
You do n’t need yourself and your inhabitants to be stir in the night or 4 am toward the beginning of the day because of individuals celebrating in night clubs and eateries .
Pick One That Has A View
Discover a CBD that has a view particularly this is one reason why inhabitants need to live high over the CBD .
All the more significantly , pick a view that acquires a great deal of regular lighting into your condo .
A property that has great regular lighting just as wind current is exceptionally popular .
A Unique Floor Plan
A great deal of new CBD lofts will in general have comparable floor plans .
A chance to stand apart to your rivals is to discover a condo that is somewhat not quite the same as the rest .
Consider a condo that has an all around considered floor plan and satisfactory living space just as a vehicle parking spot or carport .
Try not to let your inhabitants feel that they are living in an exhausting and normal condition .
Discover a high rise that offers floor designs that are by one way or another not quite the same as the pack just as a condo the can offer simple living .
Tuesday , March 16 , 2010 | 5:44 PM
Since we launched Gesture Search on Android Market two weeks ago , I 've seen quite a bit of feedback .
For example , some of you have requested Gesture Search for earlier versions of Android , as well as access to it outside the US .
Posted by Yang Li , Research Scientist
I 'm happy to share with you that Gesture Search is now available on devices with Android 1.6 and higher .
Additionally , it can be downloaded in all countries where Android Market is available , although it continues to only recognize the English alphabet .
The new version also includes some improvements to performance and bug fixes .
Please try it out and let me know what you think .
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
You can find many varieties of steak in Japan .
At Japanese - style steakhouses we eat with chopsticks , so when the meal comes , the beef is already cut into bite sizes !
Miso is delicious with beef , so please give it a shot when you want to try something different .
Yield : 2 servings Time : 15 minutes Ingredients 2 steaks
1/4 cup green onion ( chopped )
1/2 tbsp butter
1 tbsp miso paste mixed with 2 tbsp water
mixed with 2 tbsp water Salt & pepper Preparation Tenderize steak and sprinkle salt and pepper both sides
Heat oil in a frying pan and cook steak for 2 minutes on each side Transfer steak to a cutting board and cut into bite sizes
Add butter to the pan , add miso / water mixture , and stir for 30 seconds Return the steak to the pan and cook for 30 - 60 seconds ( skip if you like your steak rare )
Serve with the miso sauce , and enjoy !
JapanFoodAddict.com : Beef
Last week Republican Rep. Mike Pence posted on his Facebook site that famous Schoolhouse Rock video titled " How a Bill Becomes a Law . "
It 's clearly time for a remake .
Never before has the average American been treated to such a live - action view of the sordid politics necessary to push a deeply flawed bill to completion .
It was dirty deals , open threats , broken promises and disregard for democracy that pulled ObamaCare to this point , and yesterday the same machinations pushed it across the finish line .
You ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Two computer programmers designed codes to falsify thousands of fake trade blotters and phantom records for swindler Bernard Madoff and took hush money to help keep the massive fraud going , U.S. authorities said .
Bernard Madoff leaves the Manhattan federal courthouse in New York March 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The FBI arrested Jerome O’Hara , 46 , and George Perez , 43 , at their homes on Friday morning on criminal charges of conspiracy for falsifying books and records at both the broker - dealer and investment arms of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC ( BLMIS ) in New York .
“ The computer codes and random algorithms they allegedly designed served to deceive investors and regulators and concealed Madoff ’s crimes , ” said federal prosecutor Preet Bharara .
“ They have been charged for their roles in Madoff ’s epic fraud , and the investigation remains ongoing . ”
O’Hara ’s attorney Gordon Mehler said “ We intend to enter a plea of not guilty ” after Manhattan federal court magistrate judge Ronald Ellis ordered the men released on $ 1 million bail each with travel restrictions .
Perez ’s attorney Larry Krantz declined to comment .
Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison on June 29 .
The next day , law enforcement sources said the FBI expected as many as 10 people could be criminally charged for their roles in the decades - long fraud of as much as $ 65 billion .
Thousands of investors around the world were bilked in Wall Street ’s biggest investment fraud , a Ponzi scheme in which early investors were paid with the money of new clients .
Friday ’s criminal complaint said O’Hara and Perez developed computer programs to create books and records for a subset of Madoff investment clients , changed names of account holders , buyers and sellers of shares , altered trade details and made it appear the business traded on the London Stock Exchange .
‘ HOUSE 17 ’ SERVER
Criminal and civil complaints against O’Hara and Perez said that in April 2006 , they tried to delete 218 of 225 special computer programs run on an IBM server known in the Madoff firm as “ House 17 . ”
The men did not delete the monthly backup tapes .
In August or September 2006 , they cashed out hundreds of thousands of dollars in their personal BLMIS accounts before meeting with Madoff and telling him they would no longer lie for him , the FBI and the SEC said .
The FBI found handwritten notes in O’Hara ’s desk .
“ I wo n’t lie any longer .
Next time , I say ‘ ask Frank ’ ” said one note , according to the FBI , a reference to Madoff ’s long - time deputy , Frank DiPascali .
Madoff told DiPascali to pay the programmers “ whatever they wanted in order to keep them happy , ” the investigators said , and the programmers received pay increases of about 25 percent and net bonuses of about $ 60,000 .
After that , the SEC said DiPascali convinced the programmers to modify programs so that he and other employees could create reports themselves .
The other employees were not identified in court documents .
O’Hara and Perez were also served with civil charges by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
They worked with Madoff from 1990 and 1991 , respectively , until the once - respected financier was arrested on December 11 , 2008 .
The SEC said O’Hara and Perez knew that the “ House 17 ” computer was missing functioning programs needed for actual securities trading .
They were accused of knowing that the computer programs they developed in 2003 and 2004 contained fraudulent information used in U.S. and European regulatory reviews .
DiPascali , who is jailed awaiting sentencing and is cooperating with the government , was the primary source for information on the programmers , according to court documents .
Madoff went to prison without cooperating in the probe .
Madoff , DiPascali and the firm ’s outside accountant , David Friehling , have all pleaded guilty to criminal charges .
O’Hara was arrested at his home in Malverne , New York , and Perez was arrested at home in East Brunswick , New Jersey .
Their arrests bring to five the number of people who have been criminally charged in the case .
The charges against the pair carry maximum prison sentences of 30 years and millions of dollars in fines .
The case is USA v Jerome O’Hara and George Perez , U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , No. 09-mag-2484 .
Your doorway into dreamland is your bed , and the same bed also has a great potential of being more than that .
All thanks go to the best adjustable beds in 2019 that are available on the market .
These types of beds can create a very good environment for watching your favorite Netflix movies ; it can also serve as your cozy reading nook or become your favorite place in your house .
In addition to that , getting this type of bed is good for your health , this is because it reduces the chances of snoring , and it reduces sleep apnea as well as poor circulation .
With this type of bed , cases of acid reflux and other digestive problems will be things of the past .
However , before you decide to get one , you have to know that there different types of these beds on the market , and while choosing one , you should only choose the one that best suits your needs and budget , below are some of the best ten adjustable beds 2019 that you can choose from .
Lucid L300 :
This bed does not need an expert ’s help ; it has a folding hinge that makes it easy to fold .
The bed also has a programmable memory function which makes it easier for you to access your favorite sleeping position easily .
It has a motor which is very quiet and cool , and its frame has got two USB ports that are built with it , and this bed is available in twin XL , king , queen as well as a split king which voluntarily enables you to control both sides of the bed separately .
Nora Adjustable bed base
This bed is just the best overall pick for most seasons .
It is an affordable bed that provides its users with all the coolest perks .
It can be found in four sizes , from the twin XL to king .
This bed has anti snore properties .
With this bed , you will be in a position to change the elevation of your feet as well as the upper body positioning , and the sides of the beds also have got two USB ports which you can use to charge your phone as well as other devices like a laptop .
This type of bed is very sturdy and can be smoothly and quietly adjusted .
It has a simple setup and consumes small space ; its controls are also very easy to learn and can be easily mastered .
Nectar
This bed provides great head and feet elevation , this is beneficial especially for those people who snore as well as those who like reading or watching television while in bed .
For sleeping , you can opt to elevate all the Ned ’s to zero gravity positioning ; you have the opportunity to preset your desired positions .
The bed also comes with a built - in massage function which provides different areas of your body with zoned vibration .
It is easy to control the functions of this bed ; it can be easily controlled by using a wireless remote .
The bed also comes along with USB ports that are installed on both sides of the bed which can be conveniently used for charging devices while you are in bed .
This bed is perfect for all types of sleepers and sleepers with different weights can also sleep on that bed .
Snorers and those who experience shoulder pains can opt for this bed as well .
Yaasa :
It has cutting edge functions and features , and it has a wide range of positions which you can choose from .
For those people with snoring problems , this can be your ultimate solution .
You can easily make the bed become flat by just using a wireless computer .
It also has USB ports which are built on both sides of the bed , and there is a lot of space underneath the bed .
For those with bedroom space problem , this is the bed to go for .
If you are suffering from back , neck or shoulder pain , this can be your ultimate relief bed .
This bed is suitable for all types of sleepers .
Saatva Lineal :
This type of bed is suitable for sleepers of all types , and if you have chronic back and neck pain , it will help to relieve your pain .
This bed provides its users with a comprehensive massage function .
And the massage turns off after 15 minutes automatically .
This bed can as well separately elevate your head as well as your legs .
You can also adjust the height within the four inches range .
It does not produce noise when it is being adjusted ; it is , therefore , suitable for those people who can be easily woken up by noise .
Even those people who are overweight can also sleep on this bed as well as those people who have poor circulation ; this bed helps in improving their circulation .
Purple powerbase :
For those suffering from sleep apnea , this is the bed to go for , with this bed , your head will be easily elevated to a high position , with this , it will do away with snoring .
Sleepers who have high blood pressure can as well opt for this bed .
If you have a partner then you do not have to worry because it also contains two adjustments each of you , you will also be in a position to enjoy the massage functions of this bed .
Sleepers with different weights and positions can use this bed , and even couples are not left out .
Sturdy :
This bed can be easily transported , set up and stored ; this is beneficial especially for those people who like moving around most of the time .
It comes with wireless remote control and a motor which is super silent .
The bed also comes with a built - in flashlight and a backup battery for emergency purposes .
It also has a limited warranty of ten years along with a home trial for 100 nights .
Ergo :
This bed is the perfect choice for light sleepers ; it has an anti-gravity preset which makes it easy for a person to relieve all the pressure from the back .
This bed is also beneficial when it comes to eliminating snoring .
It also comes along with flashlight which you can easily use at night when you want to go to the bathroom .
This bed also comes with a massage function which is great for people who find it hard to fall asleep .
HOFISH :
This bed can easily be assembled ; you do not need to seek professional help .
This bed can support a weight of up to 750 pounds ; this , therefore , makes it ideal for all types of users .
It also has USB ports on both of its sides , and all its legs are adjustable , this is to achieve the different preferences of the bed height easily .
Reverie 7S :
This bed comes along with motor which is powerful and noiseless .
This bed can accommodate 850 pounds weight .
Its DC motor is normally powered by batteries .
This bed can as well give you the opportunity to adjust your head as well as your feet positions easily ; you can easily adjust it to the angle of your preference .
It comes with full body massage functions and also good for snorers .
It also has programmable memory positions as well as Bluetooth connectivity .
With the above list , I presume you are now aware of what you want and what type of bed is best for your needs .
Choosing the right bed for your needs is the best gift you can ever give yourself , this is because you will be in a position to ease all the back and shoulder pains that you might be suffering from .
Adjustable beds come in different prices and sizes ; therefore , while choosing one , you should be very careful , get the one that you are sure you can afford and meets your needs as well .
Also read : A Mattress Foam Density Guide
The advance word ( more like hopeful speculation , really ) was that this would be the " Mexican District 9 , " but Monsters is a much more modest and subdued affair , and perhaps its greatest accomplishment is the establishment of its intriguing new mythology .
Advertisement
Here 's the blurb for this film , which played at SXSW this week :
Six years ago , NASA discovered the possibility of alien life within our solar system .
A probe was launched to collect samples , but crashed upon re-entry over Central America .
Soon after , new life forms began to appear there and half of Mexico was quarantined as an INFECTED ZONE .
Today , the American and Mexican military still struggle to contain ' the creatures ' ...
Advertisement
That 's the juicy and just - cryptic - enough setup for " Monsters " , English director Gareth Edwards ' story about a down - on - his - luck American photojournalist named Andrew ( Scott McNairy ) who is tasked by his boss to escort the boss ' daughter Samantha ( Whitney Able ) out of Mexico , back to the U.S. border and presumed safety .
The entire Mexican countryside is on constant high alert from the threat of attack by ' the creatures ' ( they 're never given any other name ) , and every scene is peppered with signs of devastation from previous run-in's with the giant , walking octopi- like aliens .
Andrew and Samantha at first make their way to the world 's most expensive ferry , one that will safely guide Samantha to the U.S. mainland without incident , but Andrew screws that up when he hooks up with a Mexican hooker and ends up losing their money and passports .
Their only alternative is to head through the " infected zone " , the rural path through Northern Mexico that is teeming with the creatures , and requires bribes and a number of armed guides .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The notion of a quarantined Mexico full of hostile , hulking alien monsters is a grabber , to be sure , but Edwards and company do n't seem particularly interested in exploiting the subject matter for any sociopolitical subtext or commentary on one hand , or the obvious action / adventure or horror potential on the other .
More than anything , this is a love story , one in which an unlikely couple get off to a shaky start , and will they or wo n't they ?
All that .
And the travelogue nature of the narrative is one that calls to mind tons of previous films , from " Beyond Rangoon " , " City of Ghosts " , " Blood Diamond " , even " Salvador " , but never achieves the richness or gravitas of such efforts , and suffers from the resemblances .
In terms of the sci-fi-specific tone and scope , " Monsters " is clearly hoping to be grouped with the recent crop of more sophisticated sci- fi like " Children of Men " or " Moon " that puts the human element of the story as much in the forefront as the more fantastic elements .
But its two main ( and basically only ) characters are only slightly more interesting and likable than the ones in , say , " Cloverfield " , and their love story is bland and obligatory .
Both are attractive , have excellent hair , and are too young and self - absorbed for their stories to garner much in the way of sympathy or respect .
Which would be okay , I guess , if their journey involved some awakening or at least a contrast of cultural perspectives , but that 's never addressed here .
The most interesting deviations from the typical occur particularly in the portrayals of the few Mexicans who get a moment or two in the spotlight .
The gun-wielding guides that appear in the second act ( it 's hinted that these men were all revolutionaries before the aliens appeared ) , are n't the stereotypes we 're used to seeing more often than not , and during a campfire talk with Andrew and Samantha offer more insight into the nature of the creatures themselves .
And wIth the exception of the ferry manager , who charges Sam $ 5,000 for a ticket , every other Mexican character ( each of them admittedly minor ) is depicted as just another regular guy or gal , trying to get by and make a living in the shadow of impending cataclysm .
Andrew's and Samantha 's dynamic , while frustratingly typical in every other department , has an interesting twist in that Andrew is n't particularly effective as a guide or protector .
He mainly takes pictures and gripes , while Samantha is the one with a more informed understanding of the countryside , and is a relatively fluent Spanish speaker .
The smattering of special effects are occasionally pretty impressive , too , and make good use of the limited budget , especially in the climax when we 're given the most extensive look at the aliens , although some of the CGI tanks and ruins come across as jarringly plastic .
Advertisement
While " Monsters " probably wo n't warrant much in the way of repeat viewings , it 's still worth checking out as a further example of how science fiction cinema is steadily broadening its horizons into areas of mainstream acceptability .
This one might have seemed on paper like a modern - day " African Queen " with aliens , and the truth is that it would n't take a drastic amount of work to turn this into a vehicle for Jennifer Aniston or pre-Oscar Sandra Bullock .
Fine if you 're into that sort of thing , but the premise deserves better .
While I can find something to admire in the filmmakers ' resistance to a gorier or more " science - fiction - y " approach to the material , what we end up with is an uneasy mix , one that makes me wish the filmmakers had tried a little harder to find a clever way to get the blood up .
Originally published by rochefort , on Quiet Earth .
UPDATE : Monsters just got a distribution deal ( via HR ) .
No word on when we 'll see it in theaters , but hopefully this year .
Apple Inc. will not use Adobe Systems Inc.'s e-book digital rights management ( DRM ) technology , an Adobe executive said on Wednesday .
The confirmation added credibility to reports that Apple Inc. will offer its own FairPlay DRM technology to publishers to copy protect e-books sold for use on its upcoming iPad tablet computer .
" Apple has not licensed Adobe Content Server for their iBookstore , " Nick Bogaty , senior business development manager at Adobe , told Computerworld .
" They appear to be doing something else . "
That will be FairPlay , the technology Apple used until 2009 to protect songs sold through iTunes ( it still uses FairPlay to protect TV shows and movies ) , a source who declined to be named said .
Apple still plans to use the industry - standard ePub text format for the e-books themselves .
The format is used for all of Adobe 's publishing software — from the InDesign layout app to the Content Server management tool — along with virtually all other manufacturers of e-book readers , with the notable exception of Amazon.com Inc. and its market - leading Kindle .
But Apple 's plan to use FairPlay instead of Adobe 's flavor of copy protection will lock customers in to Apple 's ecosystem , says Bogaty , as iPad owners will only be able to buy from Apple 's iBookstore , and will not be able to transfer their purchases to other devices .
" With iBooks , there 's no freedom of choice , " he said .
While Adobe 's flavor of DRM is n't an official standard , it 's widespread enough , argues Bogaty , that consumers will " be able to use any e-reader they want , and purchase from any point of sale that uses Content Server . "
Whether Apple 's controlling approach will make a difference to a majority of consumers remains to be seen .
Apple 's App Store for the iPhone has been a huge hit with consumers and developers alike , despite protests and people " jailbreaking " iPhones to work around Apple 's ironfisted control of the device .
" To steal a phrase , Apple wants to create a clean , well - lit , highly controlled marketplace , " said Mike McGuire , an analyst at Gartner Inc .
With iTunes , " FairPlay did n't seem to get in the way . "
Opponents of copy protection for e-books decry Apple 's use of digital locks .
" [ FairPlay ] is another in a varied number of DRM schemes that will ultimately confuse the consumer and harm e-book adoption , " said Paul Biba , editor of the e-book blog TeleRead .
Fireworks over Flash
Apple 's other clash with Adobe is over Flash .
Citing performance and security issues , Apple blocks the Safari Web browser for the iPhone and iPad from using any plug-ins but Apple 's own Quicktime and Preview ( for PDFs ) .
That keeps out Flash , Windows Media Player , RealPlayer and Adobe Acrobat Reader .
That 's despite claims by Adobe that 7 million people hit its
Web site in December alone looking to download a Flash player for their iPhone .
Bogaty says that while e-books that contain interactive elements such as Flash videos might not play fully on the iPad , they should still be able to sell via the iBooks app .
Readers will see a static screenshot of the video , he said , while the text will be unaffected .
Determined publishers will soon be able add Flash video support to their e-books .
They would use the Packager for iPhone feature in Adobe 's Flash Professional CS5 software , which is scheduled to ship later this year .
Using that technology , Adobe has already helped The New York Times and Wired magazine create interactive publications using Flash .
Those Flash - enabled publications would be sold through the App Store and installed directly onto users ' iPads or iPhones , rather than managed via Apple 's iBook library .
The advantage is that it will let the Times and Wired directly track what customers are reading .
Such usage data is key for newspapers and magazines , who can use it to more effectively demonstrate to advertisers the value of the space for sale in their publications .
Such data would be harder to get if they were sold via the iBooks app 's digital newsstand , something those publishers already fear , the Financial Times reported earlier this week .
Obtaining customer data is less important to book publishers , says Bogaty .
And while interactive books are a long - term trend , he says it 's " limited to a little experimentation today . "
For that reason , Adobe is n't working with any publishers to build Flash - enabled e-books similar to the Times or Wired apps , he said .
Eric Lai covers Windows and Linux , desktop applications , databases and business intelligence for Computerworld .
Follow Eric on Twitter at @ericylai or subscribe to Eric's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is elai@computerworld.com .
A few days ago we posted " The Great Highway Robbery Continues : How the FDIC is Legally Transferring Billions in Taxpayer Money to Hedge Funds " which presented a clip by Think Big Work Small , highlighting what was seemingly a grand scheme to defraud taxpayers with the FDIC 's complicity .
Today , the FDIC strikes back , issuing a Press Release claiming the video contains " blatantly false claims " , " perpetrates other falsehoods " and has " no credibility . "
The counterargument which is supposed to render all allegations of impropriety false : " OneWest must first take more than $ 2.5 billion in losses before it can make a loss - share claim on owned assets " and that " in order to be paid through loss share , OneWest must have adhered to HAMP . "
Unfortunately , reading between the lines of the response indicates that not only are the falsehoods actually truehoods , but the video is still , sorry Shila , quite credible .
So to make sure we get this straight .
OneWest could have an accrued loss balance of $ 2.499 billion as of today , and just one more loss will be enough to force the FDIC to make a lump sum payment instead of linear payments ?
And somehow we are supposed to be comforted by this ?
A cursory public filing search for OneWest bank reveals no such organization .
Maybe while it is denying the validity of the video the FDIC can advise taxpayers where they can get some information on what the correct reserve or loss accrual at OneWest is ?
Courtesy of the most opaque accounting rules in the history of America , OneWest could have already gotten way beyond the $ 2.5 billion threshold and is simply waiting for the proper time to spring this to the unwitting FDIC .
And as for adhering to HAMP ?
Would that be the same program that will ultimately benefit less than 1 % of US first mortgages due to ridiculous constrains that make the vast majority of participants ineligible ?
Aside from scoring one for the stupidity of the administration , does the FDIC actually believe that Americans will find this to be a relevant gating issue ?
Sorry FDIC , but not only did your press release not refute the video 's claims in the least , but you just dug yourself an even deeper grave as every aspiring blogger and investigative reporter will now do everything in their power to find comparable examples of blatant " slap in the face " fraud expecting you to retort to any and all allegations , ensuring 15 minutes of fame for all implicated .
From the FDIC press release :
FDIC Provides Additional Information on its Loss Share Agreement With OneWest Bank
February 12 , 2010
FDIC Director of Public Affairs Andrew Gray said , " It is unfortunate but necessary to respond to blatantly false claims in a web video that is being circulated about the loss - sharing agreement between the FDIC and OneWest Bank .
Here are the facts : OneWest has not been paid one penny by the FDIC in loss - share claims .
The loss - share agreement is limited to 7 % of the total assets that OneWest services , and OneWest must first take more than $ 2.5 billion in losses before it can make a loss - share claim on owned assets .
In order to be paid through loss share , OneWest must have adhered to the Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) .
The producers of this video perpetuate other falsehoods .
The FDIC has not requested to borrow money from the Treasury Department .
Indeed , we continue to be funded by the banking industry through assessments , not by taxpayers as claimed in the video .
This video has no credibility .
Regardless of the personal or professional motivations behind its production , there is always a responsibility to be factually correct and transparent .
The FDIC made available a fact sheet on the day that the sale of IndyMac was announced that details the terms of the contract .
It 's too bad that the creators of this video opted to premise it on falsehoods . "
Those who may have missed the full video , here it is again .
The National Geographic has been known for bringing awareness about natural resources and the planet since 1888 .
It has been educating people and has been the largest non-profitable scientific organization that inspired millions of people to pay closer attention to their environment .
In this post , we are going to share some stunning photographs from The National Geographic ’s Annual International Photography Contest , as well as showcasing some really beautiful wallpapers from National Geographic collections .
We hope that you ’ll like this collection — please share your opinion with us .
National Geographic Contest Photos
By Yusuke Okada , Japan
A manatee photographed in Florida
By Cesare Naldi , United States
Nazroo , a mahout ( elephant driver ) , poses for a portrait while taking his elephant , Rajan , out for a swim in front of Radha Nagar Beach in Havelock , Andaman Islands .
Rajan is one of the few elephants in Havelock that can swim , so when he is not dragging timber in the forest he is used as a tourist attraction .
The relationship between the mahout and his elephant usually lasts for their entire lives , creating an extremely strong tie between the animal and the human being .
By Anke Seidlitz
Staying in Asia since many years has given me the opportunity to get close to wildlife on many occasions .
This female Smith ’s green - eyed gecko chose to live on one of the chalets next to my home , taking advantage of the insects attracted by the lights at night .
By Hugo Machado , Portugal
Licancabur volcano is located on the border between Chile and Bolivia .
By Yeang Chng , United States
A saltwater crocodile lunges for the camera .
This photo was taken just before its jaws closed on the lens shade ; the blurred outline of the jaws demonstrates the lightning - fast nature of its lunge .
By Steffen Binke , Australia
After a rarely seen spyhopping of a dwarf minke whale the whale slowly descended in my direction and we came close to a 1.5 m distance .
The shot happened early in the morning around 7 am and it was a rough surface and it was not easy to control my own movement .
Iso 200 1/400 f7.1 13 mm tokina fisheye 10 - 17 mm Nikon D200 Aquatica Housing
By Kent Miller , United Sates
Jessie Miller and her children , Jamie , 5 , left , and Betsy , 8 , of Bay City , Mich .
react to the thunderous 747 jumbo jet as it passes within 60 feet above land .
As the plane flew over , the sand kicked up and blasted the Miller ’s bare skin .
“ Ahhhhhhhh ! ” the three screamed , as they ran away from the sand and noise .
The Princess Juliana International Airport in St. Maarten is famous for its short runway .
At only 7,980 ft , it is barely long enough for large jets to land .
By Michael Hanson , United States
David Hanson crosses a fallen log beneath soaring trees and a lingering fog in Washington ’s Olympic National Park .
By Fausto Podavini , Italy
The picture was shot at San Juan de los Remedios , Cuba , during a local celebration called “ Las Parrandas ” in which the highlight is fireworks .
Here children light the fireworks and escape .
By Li Feng , China
Caged monkeys await their fate at a medical laboratory in Hubei Province , China .
The judges liked that this image subverts the usual romanticized approach to wildlife photography and more accurately reflects the fate of many of the world ’s animals .
The sneaker at the top provides scale and injects a human being into the scene ; the anonymity of the wearer suggests concealment and complicity .
The structure of the cages , the horror of the captivity , the crowded composition , and the claustrophobic tension all add up to a sad and compelling photo .
By Greg Davis
Huli wigman at the Mount Hagen Cultural Show , 2009 .
By Robert Garrett , United States
Taken at 1:22 a.m. on March 11 , 2008 .
My wife and I arrived at the 528 Causeway in Cape Canaveral with our Sony 100a DSLR .
With a low , solid , overcast of clouds covering the launch site , they launched .
I pushed the shutter and started a 15 second time - lapse exposure !
Disaster !!!
I ripped the camera off of the tripod , spun the program wheel to anything else and started to squeeze the shutter .
I was only able to take two photos as the shuttle Endeavour lifted into the overcast .
This is the second one .
By Yuniadhi Agung , Indonesia
At Hok Tjing Bio , a Chinese Temple in Palembang South Sumatra , Indonesia , the photographer framed the shot at a precise moment , with the reflection , and the position of the passing dog in the middle of the tiger pictorial on the temple ’s wall .
By Silvia Martinez Dominguez , Spain
Under a beautiful light , a monkey rests on the stones of the Angkor temples , in Cambodia .
The image shows animal behavior and suggests the close connection between humans and our nearest relatives in nature .
By Mike Guzman
A red eye tree frog settles in for the day on a bromeliad .
By Patrick Gleason
On a photo safari in Tanzania , we got up close and personal with all the animals in the wild .
It was an experience of a lifetime !
By Charistine Guinness
My daughter and her friend were flipping their hair and I started taking photos , and was delighted with the result .
We are at the lovely Patten Pond in Maine in the summer of 2009 .
By Xen Riggs , United States
A newly born silver - leaf langur gets some early discipline and love from his doting parents .
This baby monkey was just about 12 hours old , born at the Columbus , Ohio , Zoo in August of 2009 .
By Cabell Cox , United States
On a recent visit to a small town on the Brazilian and Bolivian border , I found this man tending to a field of burning debris and vegetation at dusk .
Something as mundane as this may seem a daily , routine chore for one man , while offering a symbolic portrait of tranquil repose to another .
By Chris Gimmeson , United States
These are two wild stallions from the McCullough Peak ’s herd of wild horses , which is located just outside of Cody , Wyoming .
This image was taken in September 2008 with a Canon Rebel XSI and a long telephoto lens .
I expected them to fight but they went back to grazing after a minute of posturing .
The peaks area is pretty desolate , with little in the way of water supply and a lack of trees .
The main staple for their grazing is sagebrush .
By Jose Hernandez , United States
This is a shot of three eagles fighting over a fish in Homer , Alaska , from March 2008 .
You can see the fish at the top of the image flying by itself , but it was caught in its fall by another eagle .
By Jacopo Pandolfini
This photograph was taken during a vacation in northern India in January 2007 , in the city of Rishikesh .
While walking on the streets in midtown , I saw a monkey stealing a mirror from another monkey and decided to follow it .
After a while the monkey thief stopped on a tree and started to look in the mirror , giving me the opportunity to take this picture .
By Sainath Kamath
I was out with the camera after a passing thunderstorm .
As I was photographing a group of calla lilies , I happened upon this little guy nestled comfortably in one , taking shelter from the rain .
By Cindy Tsai
Sunflowers are always brilliant !
Their huge faces command attention and on this sunny day on the Half Moon Bay flower farm , no one was giving this sunflower more love than two attentive bees working hard at spreading and collecting pollen .
By Larry Louie
The climb to view Mount Bromo Volcano , Indonesia , at sunrise was quite an experience .
As I trudged up the slope out of breath , I crossed my fingers and hoped for a clear morning and a good sunrise , with the active volcano visible in the distance .
I was lucky !
By Adam Baudoux
Cool fall morning at Wells Beach , Maine
By Exekiel Tarango
Sand falls , Antelope Canyon , Arizona
By Jean Claude Louis
This evocative portrait of two Tibetan children looking out on their world captured the imagination — and the admiration — of the panel of judges .
Cropped to the exact shape of the window , the photo frames the children in a timeless manner as they peer through the cloudy glass .
The judges spent a long time looking at this portrait , observing how the intensity of the faces , the texture of the clothing , the surface of the old red wood , the reflections in the glass all create an absorbing series of levels .
The best people photos tell a story and draw the viewer into the lives of the subjects .
These children ’s faces seem filled with both expectation and sadness .
What are they waiting for ?
Jean - Claude Louis ’s photo asks the question ; viewers will no doubt provide their own answers .
By Dennis Stewart
Upon looking into the eye of this ancient species , I found myself mesmerized as if I were gazing into the vastness of space itself and the millions upon millions of stars and galaxies therein .
National Geographic Wallpapers
Fallen Maple Leaf
Download Wallpaper : 1280 x 1024 pixels
Havasu Creek Waterfall , Arizona
Download Wallpaper : 1600 x 1200 pixels
Golden Gate Bridge at Night
Download Wallpaper : 1600 x 1200 pixels
Matanuska Glacier Cave , Alaska By George F. Mobley
Download Wallpaper : 1280 x 1024 pixels
Malian Woman
Download Wallpaper : 1280 x 1024 pixels
Chicago City Lights
Download Wallpaper : 1600 x 1200 pixels
Great White Egrets
Download Wallpaper : 1280 x 1024 pixels
Lavender Fields
Download Wallpaper : 1280 x 1024 pixels
Blue Lagoon
Download Wallpaper : 1600 x 1200 pixels
Kolmanskop , Namibia
Download Wallpaper : 1600 x 1200 pixels
Owachomo Bridge at Night , Utah
Download Wallpaper : 1600 x 1200 pixels
Putting Pressure on Damascus Terror Victims Want to Hold Syrian Artwork Hostage
Victims of a 1983 terror bombing in Berlin want compensation from the Syrian government .
Now they have asked a court to seize ancient Syrian artwork currently on display in Germany in the hope of putting pressure on Damascus .
I returned to Imperial College , my alma mater , to attend the 60th birthday dinner of Felix , the college newspaper .
As I am being sued for libel at the moment , it was interesting to hear that the threat to free speech also has an impact on student journalism .
The newspaper 's motto is " Keep the Cat Free " and it has always been willing to criticise the student union , but last year the union 's constitution was used to prevent the publication of certain articles .
In response , the editor modified the newspaper 's cat logo to show Felix gagged with a red snooker ball .
The British Chiropractic Association 's case against me has dominated my life for the last 18 months .
I met my legal team , Adrienne Page and Robert Dougans , to work out the key research projects .
We were recently given permission to appeal over an adverse ruling on the meaning of my article and the date for the appeal has been set for 22 February .
Winning the appeal ( even partially ) will make an enormous difference to my chance of defending my article about the lack of evidence concerning chiropractic treatment of childhood asthma , ear infections and colic .
The appeal decision on meaning ( the preliminary stage of the legal process ) will eventually come almost two years after the article was published , so the trial and further appeals could lead to a battle that lasts for another two years .
I will battle on even if I lose the appeal .
One reason for continuing is that my case helps to highlight some of the problems at the heart of the English libel system .
Legally , the odds are stacked in favour of claimants and against journalists .
Financially , the costs are so utterly extreme that journalists often cannot afford to defend themselves , hence apologies are given and articles retracted , even if the journalist believes that the contents are accurate .
The result is that those with money and power can sue journalists , scientists , medical researchers , academic journals , bloggers , local newspapers and even national newspapers and effectively silence them .
The end result is that you do not get read the whole truth .
On Wednesday , there was the launch of a campaign for libel reform , which was followed by a parliamentary launch .
It was amazing to see such an eclectic mix of supporters speaking up for libel reform , including Fiona Godlee ( British Medical Journal editor ) , Dave Gorman , Malcolm Grant ( provost of University College , London ) and MPs from all the major parties , including Evan Harris , Michael Gove and Denis MacShane .
The roots of the campaign can be traced back to humble beginnings in May , when the charity Sense About Science began rallying scientists and the blogger Jack of Kent organised a pub rally in support of libel reform .
In parallel , Index on Censorship and English PEN published a report on libel reform .
So far , however , the mainstream media have largely ignored the issue , but last week there was some good coverage of the campaign launch and let 's hop that will continue in the months ahead .
The highlight of my week was waking up to see Dara O'Briain arguing for libel reform on the BBC's Breakfast news .
I will not go into all the gory details , but the bottom line is that England is universally acknowledged as having the most censorious libel laws in the free world .
In 2008 , the United Nations Human Rights Committee criticised the UK because the " practical application of the law of libel has served to discourage critical media reporting on matters of serious public interest , adversely affecting the ability of scholars and journalists to publish their work , including through the phenomenon known as ' libel tourism ' " .
America is in the process of protecting its citizens from our unjust libel laws by stating that English libel judgments cannot be enforced on the other side of the Atlantic .
In the meantime , major American publishers have suggested that they will stop publishing in the UK and block internet access to their sites in order to protect themselves from our libel laws .
In mainland Europe , legal experts ask why our libel process is more than 100 times more expensive than in their own countries .
The result is that intimidation via English libel laws forces authors either to back down or risk losing everything .
Peter Wilmshurst , an eminent cardiologist , is currently being sued for libel for questioning the data surrounding a new heart device .
If he loses , perhaps on a technicality , he will face bankruptcy .
The week ends back at Imperial College with a lecture .
My goal will be to persuade every science student and researcher to sign up to libel reform .
This issue affects everyone , but in science it is critical that we can freely criticise ideas .
This is not about protecting those writers who are malicious or reckless , as the law should not and will not protect them , but it is about allowing the robust criticism of ideas despite pressure from those with vested interests .
I suspect that I will be preaching to the converted , as Imperial College was home to one of world 's great free speech advocates .
The college emerged out of the Royal College of Science , and HG Wells established the Royal College of Science Magazine in 1891 .
He went to become a founder member of PEN , the writers ' association , and helped draw up the PEN charter , which includes the statement : " PEN stands for the principle of unhampered transmission of thought within each nation and between all nations ; and members pledge themselves to oppose any form of suppression of freedom of expression in their country and community . "
My libel case will keep me busy , distracted and mildly depressed for the next two years , but I hope that my spirits will be lifted by the notion that the campaign for libel reform may succeed .
If tens of thousands sign the petition for libel reform ( www.libelreform.org), then maybe Wells 's vision of free speech will find a home not just in America , Europe and the rest of the free world , but also in England .
The Singh CV
The Life
Born in Wellington , Somerset , 1964 .
Educated at Wellington School , Imperial College , London , and Emmanuel College , Cambridge .
Appointed MBE in 2003 .
Lives in London with his wife , Anita Anand .
The Work
TV director and producer , 1990 - 1997 ( Tomorrow 's World , Horizon ) , then full - time writer .
Author of Fermat 's Last Theorem , The Code Book , Trick or Treatment ? and Big Bang .
Also broadcaster and lecturer .
This week featuring in Nine Lessons and Carols for Godless People at London venues .
the Bloomsbury Theatre and Hammersmith Apollo .
The 17 - year - old 's attacker is believed to be aged in his 30s Police are warning women to take extra care during the festive season after two students were raped following nights out in Newcastle city centre .
A 19 - year - old was raped on an industrial estate after getting into a car , which she thought was a taxi , early on 5 December .
A 17 - year - old was then raped in her own home the next night after being dropped off by a taxi in the Walker area .
The attacks happened about a mile apart but police are not linking them .
Det Ch Insp Michael Barton , of Northumbria Police , said : " Unfortunately , the common theme with both crimes is that young girls after having a night out in the city centre have become so affected by alcohol that their judgement has been affected .
This man was seen in the area at the time of the house rape " They have become isolated from friends and they have placed themselves in positions of vulnerability .
" Let 's not be naive or complacent about this , there are men out there that will actively look for women in positions of vulnerability . "
CCTV images of a car detectives want to trace in connection with the first attack have been released .
The victim got into a dark - coloured car after leaving the Get Stuffed takeaway in St Mary 's Place at about 0400 GMT .
She asked to be taken to her home but was driven to the Hawick Crescent Industrial Estate , where she was raped inside the vehicle .
Officers want to speak to the driver of a dark car seen with its headlights off , and also the driver of a white taxi which was nearby .
The dark - coloured car was being driven without its headlights on An artist 's impression of the man who raped the 17 - year - old in the second incident has also been released .
The victim got in the taxi on her own outside The Gate complex in the city centre and was dropped at the St Anthony Shops on Walker Road a short time later .
Police said that sometime after she arrived home an unknown man entered the property and raped her .
Her attacker is described as being in his 30s with short afro style hair and very dark skin .
A CCTV image of a man seen in the area about the time of the attack and who may have important information has also been issued .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
But in the mid-1990s , researchers began favoring a so - called statistical approach .
They found that if they fed the computer thousands or millions of passages and their human - generated translations , it could learn to make accurate guesses about how to translate new texts .
It turns out that this technique , which requires huge amounts of data and lots of computing horsepower , is right up Google ’s alley .
“ Our infrastructure is very well - suited to this , ” Vic Gundotra , a vice president for engineering at Google , said .
“ We can take approaches that others ca n’t even dream of . ”
Automated translation systems are far from perfect , and even Google ’s will not put human translators out of a job anytime soon .
Experts say it is exceedingly difficult for a computer to break a sentence into parts , then translate and reassemble them .
But Google ’s service is good enough to convey the essence of a news article , and it has become a quick source for translations for millions of people .
“ If you need a rough - and - ready translation , it ’s the place to go , ” said Philip Resnik , a machine translation expert and associate professor of linguistics at the University of Maryland , College Park .
Like its rivals in the field , most notably Microsoft and I.B.M. , Google has fed its translation engine with transcripts of United Nations proceedings , which are translated by humans into six languages , and those of the European Parliament , which are translated into 23 .
This raw material is used to train systems for the most common languages .
But Google has scoured the text of the Web , as well as data from its book scanning project and other sources , to move beyond those languages .
For more obscure languages , it has released a “ tool kit ” that helps users with translations and then adds those texts to its database .
Editor 's note : Bruce Feiler is the author of " Walking the Bible , " " Abraham " and " America 's Prophet : Moses and the American Story . "
His new book , " The Council of Dads , " will be published in April .
( CNN ) --
This Saturday , millions of Americans will watch the annual spectacle of Charlton Heston acting the part of a Cold War hero in Cecil B. DeMille 's " The Ten Commandments . "
The TV air date is no accident .
This week , beginning with Passover and ending with Easter , is " Moses week " in America .
It 's the one time of year when the biblical hero steps to the forefront of religious ritual , renewing the special bond that has existed between the great prophet and the United States for over 400 years .
Moses was an American icon long before there was an America .
When the Pilgrims left England in 1620 , they described themselves as the chosen people fleeing their pharaoh , King James .
On the Atlantic , they proclaimed their journey to be as vital as " Moses and the Israelites when they went out of Egypt . "
And when they got to Cape Cod , they thanked God for letting them pass through their fiery Red Sea .
By the time of the Revolution , Moses had become the go - to narrative of American freedom .
In 1751 , the Pennsylvania Assembly chose a quote from the Five Books of Moses for its State House bell , " Proclaim Liberty thro ' all the Land to all the Inhabitants Thereof -- Levit. XXV 10 . "
The future Liberty Bell was hanging above the room where the Continental Congress passed the Declaration of Independence on July 4 , 1776 .
Congress ' last order of business that day was to form a committee of Thomas Jefferson , Benjamin Franklin and John Adams to design a seal for the new United States .
The committee submitted its recommendation that August : Moses , leading the Israelites across the Red Sea .
In their eyes , Moses was America 's true Founding Father .
But escaping bondage proved to be only half the story .
After the Israelites arrived in the desert , they faced a period of lawlessness , which prompted the Ten Commandments .
The message : Freedom depends on law .
Americans faced a similar moment of chaos after the Revolution .
Just as a reluctant Moses led the Israelites out of Egypt and then handed down the Ten Commandments , a reluctant George Washington led the colonists to victory and then presided over the drafting of the Constitution .
The parallel was not lost .
Two - thirds of the eulogies at Washington 's death compared him to Moses .
Although Moses was a unifying presence during the founding era , a generation later , he got dragged into the issue that most divided the country .
The Israelites ' escape from slavery was the dominant motif of slave spirituals , including " Turn Back Pharaoh 's Army , " " I Am Bound for the Promised Land " and the most famous , " Go Down , Moses , " which was called the national anthem of slaves .
Yet as abolitionists used the exodus to attack slavery , Southerners used it to defend the institution .
The War Between the States became the War Between the Moseses .
It took America 's most Bible - quoting president to reunite the country .
Abraham Lincoln talked about the exodus at Gettysburg , and , when he died , he too was compared to Moses .
" There is no historic figure more noble than that of the Jewish lawgiver , " Henry Ward Beecher eulogized .
" There is scarcely another event in history more touching than his death . "
Until now .
" Again a great leader of the people has passed through toil , sorrow , battle and war , and come near to the promised land of peace , into which he might not pass over . "
Political figures were n't the only ones compared to Moses ; national icons were , as well , including Uncle Sam and Old Glory .
The country 's greatest icon , the Statue of Liberty , was designed with spikes of light around her head and a tablet in her arms to mimic Moses ' pose when he climbed down Sinai with shafts of light around his head and tablets of law in his hands .
Even Superman was modeled partly on Moses .
The comic - book hero 's creators , Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster , modeled their superhero on the superhero of the Torah .
Just as baby Moses is floated down the Nile in a basket to escape annihilation , baby Superman is launched into space in a rocket ship to avoid extinction .
Both Moses and Superman were picked up by aliens and raised in strange environments before being summoned to aid humanity .
Superman 's birth name was Kal - el , which is Hebrew for " swift god . "
But it was Cecil B. DeMille who turned Moses into a symbol of American power in the Cold War .
The 1956 epic " The Ten Commandments , " the fifth highest - grossing movie of all time , opened with DeMille appearing onscreen .
" The theme of this picture is whether men ought to be ruled by God 's law or whether they are to be ruled by the whims of a dictator , " he said .
" The same battle continues throughout the world today . "
To drive home his point , DeMille cast mostly Americans as Israelites and Europeans as Egyptians .
And in the film 's final shot , Charlton Heston quotes the Liberty Bell ( even though it comes from three books earlier in the Bible ) and recreates the pose of the Statue of Liberty , forever securing America 's place as the new Promised Land .
Today , 40 years after the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. compared himself to Moses on the night before his assassination , the Hebrew prophet is as resonant as ever .
George W. Bush said in an Oval Office interview that he was inspired to run for the presidency by a sermon in Texas in which his preacher said Moses was not a man of words but still led his people to freedom .
Barack Obama said in 2007 that the civil rights pioneers were the " Moses generation , " and he was part of the " Joshua generation " that would " find our way across the river . "
And this week , Obama holds the second White House seder .
What explains this ongoing appeal ?
First , Moses embodies the courage to escape hardship and seek a better world .
He keeps alive the ministry of hope .
" Not America , " as W.E.B. DuBois put it , " but what America will be . "
Moses is the figurehead of " America will be . "
Second , Moses encapsulates the American juggling act between freedom and law .
" Since the exodus , " German poet Heinrich Heine said , " freedom has always spoken with a Hebrew accent . "
Finally , Moses is a reminder that a moral society is one that embraces the outsider and uplifts the downtrodden .
" You shall not oppress a stranger , " God says in Exodus 23 , " for you know the feelings of the stranger , having yourselves been strangers in the land of Egypt . "
Moses represents the ideals of American justice .
Yet he reminds us that we often fall short of our dreams .
As King said , " I 've been to the mountaintop .
And I 've looked over .
I 've seen the promised land .
And I may not get there with you , but I want you to know that we as a people will get to the promised land . "
These words capture what may be the most enduring lesson of Moses :
The true destination of a journey of hope is not this year at all but next .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Feiler .
Having received an urgent email from an Australian eco - friend outlining exactly what 's at stake , I have done some researching and came across this telling document ( linked below ) .
Recently , scientists have identified what they call the most " biodiverse region on our planet " ( details of which can be found here , warning : this is long and meticulously catalogued , a real treat for those who like to read about " the lungs of our globe " ! ) , and this rich torrent of life is to be found , you guessed it , at the Yasuni rainforest .
Why is this attracting international attention , you may ask ?
The Yasuní is one of the most bio -diverse places on the planet .
It spans nearly a million hectares and is home to the greatest genetic variety of plants and animals on earth .
It is thought to be a zone that did not freeze during the last ice - age , which began 2 million years ago and lasted up to 10,000 years ago .
As a result , it became an island of vegetation where flora and fauna took refuge , survived and eventually re-populated the Amazon .
Just a part of Yasuni ’s northern fringe , the 6.5sq km ( 1,600 acre ) Tiputini Biodiversity Station , is the richest place in the world for bats , with an estimated 100 different species .
The Tiputini Biodiversity Station is home to 247 amphibian and reptile species , 550 bird species and around 200 mammal species , including 10 primates and an array of large predators .
Big oil , once again , is threatening this most bountiful forest simply because Ecuador 's second largest untapped oil reserves happen to lie directly below that region .
Second largest ?
What happened to the first one ?
Well , as you can read below some of the usual suspects have managed to nearly destroy parts of the western rainforest and killing many indigenous people in the process .
To do justice to this story would take a lot more than a single diary .
I have not seen " Avatar " as yet but I understand that James Cameron 's film is about an alien tribe on a distant planet who is fighting to save their lush forest home from human invaders bent on mining its minerals and riches .
Sounds familiar ?
This mining company in question brings Blackwater - like thugs for " security " and will stop at nothing to secure profits for its shareholders .
Déjà vu ?
A battle of a different kind is ongoing in Ecuador .
Oil giant Chevron is currently in a $ 27 billion lawsuit with Ecuadorian indigenous tribes for environmental damage caused by Texaco , a company acquired by Chevron in 2001 .
In court Texaco has admitted to dumping 18 billion gallons of toxic waste inside Ecuador 's rainforest from 1964 - 1990 .
A court expert found contamination at every one of Texaco 's former well sites , estimating oil damages 30 times larger than the infamous Exxon - Valdez spill and spanning an area the size of Rhode Island .
The case , known to some as the ' Amazon Chernobyl ' , involves 30,000 indigenous Ecuadorian plaintiffs .
The toxic spill impacted six indigenous tribes , one of which has vanished entirely .
The court has found that over 1,400 people have suffered untimely deaths from cancer due to contamination from the oil spill .
Despite these facts , Chevron has gone to great lengths to avoid reparations for environmental damage .
In 2008 it was revealed that Chevron hired key political players , including former Senate majority leader Trent Lott and John McCain fund - raiser Wayne Berman to lobby United States Trade Representative Susan Schwab , members of Congress , and Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte to threaten suspending US trade preferences with Ecuador until the lawsuit was dropped .
But the corporation 's attempt to use US political power to disenfranchise 30,000 indigenous people failed .
Ok , the pic above is not from the Yasuni National park ( it 's the equally stunning San Rafael Falls , north east of Quito , still in Ecuador ) but I put it there to underline the obvious point I 'm trying to make .
We 're not looking after this planet the way we should .
Not by a long shot .
If you 'd like to read more about this , here is a good site run by the Yasuní depends on you !
that deals with the latest news , and you can also sign the petition to keep the oil underground , which will be sent to the Prime Minister of Ecuador .
Why are rainforests so important to us ?
The short version ( I do n't want to preach to the choir here ) is that they provide a home to many plants , animals and insects , they help stabilize the world 's climate ( though some denialist OK Senator might not understand this implication ) , they also protect against flood , drought , and erosion and support its indigenous people and their cultures .
The rainforests are also generous as you can read below :
About 1 / 4 of all the medicines we use come from rainforest plants .
Curare comes from a tropical vine , and is used as an anesthetic and to relax muscles during surgery .
Quinine , from the cinchona tree , is used to treat malaria .
A person with lymphocytic leukemia has a 99 % chance that the disease will go into remission because of the rosy periwinkle .
More than 1,400 varieties of tropical plants are thought to be potential cures for cancer .
The present Ecuadorian government is sort of trying to play big oil and has come up with a novel way of avoiding the mistakes of the first exploitation exploration by asking the world community to give the country some $ 300 million a year to keep the oil where it is .
The news below is from last week .
It first appeared on the CBS site but it seems to have been , well , missing , as the page is no longer available .
QUITO , Ecuador – Ecuador 's foreign minister resigned Tuesday after President Rafael Correa criticized his handling of negotiations to prevent oil drilling in a pristine Amazon reserve .
Fander Falconi was the third government official to resign over a plan to seek international donations of $ 3 billion over the next 10 years to keep an estimated 850 million barrels of heavy crude oil under the ground in the remote Yasuni National Park .
Prospective donors have demanded some control over how the money is spent and asked Ecuador to expand the amount of land protected from development under the initiative .
A last , sobering word on the disappearance of rainforests worldwide :
In 1900 , Sumatra had 16 million hectares of lowland forest ; today that figure has dwindled to a mere 500,000 hectares .
Lowland forests in Sumatra are now regarded as among the most threatened forests in the world .
GreenRoots is a new environmental series created by Meteor Blades and Patriot Daily for Daily Kos .
This series provides a forum for educating , brainstorming , discussing and taking action on various environmental topics .
Please join a variety of hosts on Sunday , Tuesday , and Thursday at 6 pm PDT .
Each Wednesday is hosted by FishOutofWater .
UPDATE : Direct link to petition page here .
Lying is n't just an incidental part of the food industry .
The first step of any restaurants ' business model is finding a way to make their food as cheaply as possible , and the next step is to convince you that step one does n't exist .
We asked you to show us just how different the world would look if the ad campaigns , menus , logos of the world 's restaurants were required to tell the truth .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
22 Entry by BRWombat
Afghanistan chase down 494 with Shahzad double
There is no challenge too daunting for Afghanistan cricket at the moment .
Riding on the momentum that won the World Twenty20 Qualifier they pulled off a sensational chase of 494 to beat Canada in the Intercontinental Cup
So yesterday I got a box of body parts in the mail and when I pieced them all together they were a bunch of angry cross-dressers .
I could n’t make this shit up .
Lego sent me this to celebrate their new line or anniversary or something and I honestly have no idea what the hell to say here except that this pretty much sums up my entire life .
Other bloggers get invited to go on CNN or get free furniture .
I get an angry transvestite army .
Even my kid was like “ Fucking - A , this shit is disturbing ” except that she ’s three so it was more like she picked up the girl / boy and said in a really deep , masculine voice “ My name is Lori ? ” and then looked to me for guidance and I was all “ I got nothin ’ , kid ” and Victor could n’t stop laughing .
And let me just go on record here as saying that I am a HUGE supporter of the transgendered community and I think Eddie Izzard in drag is 10 times hotter than Brad Pitt covered in nougat , but this is just bizarre .
There was not one face in the box that was n’t the threatening moustachioed dude .
PS .
Someone just sent me the lego version of Eddie Izzard ’s “ cake or death ” .
I ’m still confused but at least it makes this post slightly more cohesive * .
* No , it really does n’t really at all .
Update :
So it turns out that this angry moustachioed head is most often used in sets where he plays a patient about to undergo some sort of procedure .
Of course it is .
Also , I got a very nice response from Lego which said ” Each kit was supposed to contain an assortment of random parts ; however , it looks like yours somehow consisted only of angry mustache faces .
Please know that this was not at all done intentionally or to freak anyone out in any way . ”
I also heard from several other people who got packages from Lego and none of them contained the angry moustachioed man head .
So basically I control the entire market .
It ’s a lot like cornering the market on gold , which is enviable and glamorous .
Only switch “ gold ” with “ angry moustachioed heads ” , and “ enviable and glamorous ” with “ perplexing and mildly uncomfortable . ”
Comment of the day :
It ’s like a bunch of tiny Tony Orlandos .
~ Missie
[ / caption ]
What is it really like to go on a spacewalk ?
Some astronauts have said there are no words to describe the experience , but we talked with astronaut Chris Hadfield – the same guy who gave the best description ever of going to the bathroom in space – and asked him to convey his thoughts about his EVA experiences .
Hadfield has done it again , and has now given the best description ever of a spacewalk .
UT : Chris , you were part of the STS - 100 space shuttle crew that flew to the ISS 2001 , and you had the opportunity to do a couple of spacewalks to help in the construction of the station .
I once heard you describe one of your spacewalks where you said you were holding on to the side of the space station with one hand with your face into the wind as it were , and you were looking out at the rest of the entire Universe .
For all of us that wish we could experience it , what is it really like to do a spacewalk ?
Chris Hadfield : Gosh , I ’m not sure how to describe it .
I was there for the birth of all three of my children .
I did the first F - 18 intercept of a Bear bomber off the coast of Canada .
I represented Canada in a bunch of different levels , including as a fighter pilot .
I was a test pilot doing all sorts of very fascinating , challenging , brand new work .
I went to Mir , I went to the ISS .
But nothing compares to going outside for a spacewalk .
Nothing compares to being alone in the Universe ; to that moment of opening the hatch and pulling yourself outside into the Universe .
Sometimes you ’re driving on a mountain road , it ’s slippery and you ’re doing a bunch of curves and you do n’t really see anything because you have a cliff falling away on one side and another cliff up on the other .
But suddenly you come around a corner and you say , “ Oh wow ! ”
And there you ’ve got the whole valley in front of you , or they make one of those nice pullovers where you can stop and look out , and you do , and you stop and you get out of your car and walk over to the edge and you see where you are , where all those little myopic turns have taken you .
A spacewalk is very much like that in that the opening of the hatch is probably step 750 of the day .
And steps 1 through 749 were all boring and minuscule and each one was on a checklist and you had to do every one right , so you were very painstaking .
But suddenly you do this one step , and suddenly you are in a place that you had n’t conceived how beautiful this could be .
How stupefying this could be .
And by stupefying I mean , it stops your thought .
You ’ve probably heard me say this before , but I knew I could n’t keep notes up there and I would forget stuff so I sorta resolved to myself that I would verbalize and attempt to , as eloquently as I could , express what I was feeling and what I was seeing so that later I could listen to the recordings of it and remember , and not have missed such an amazing experience .
And yet when I listen to the transcripts of what I said , most of it was just , “ Wow ! ” It was so pathetic !
But the experience was just overwhelming !
It is like coming around a corner and seeing the most magnificent sunset of your life , from one horizon to the other where it looks like the whole sky is on fire and there are all those colors , and the sun ’s rays look like some great painting up over your head .
You just want to open your eyes wide and try to look around at the image , and just try and soak it up .
It ’s like that all the time .
Or maybe the most beautiful music just filling your soul .
Or seeing an absolutely gorgeous person where you ca n’t just help but stare .
It ’s like that all the time .
So , it ’s an extremely distracting place to work .
But it also really puts yourself into perspective because this human creation is right next to you and its inherently , massively beautiful , like the prow of the Titanic or something , where you feel this great human achievement of building this great structure that takes us to a place we ’ve never been .
But then you notice that even though it is huge and capable , it ’s just a speck between everything which is on your left and all the colors and textures of our planet that are just pouring next to you on the right .
And you are this little peephole of a microcosm in between those two things , both physically and historically .
And you ’re very much aware of that the whole time .
I ’m sort of gushing , but that ’s what a spacewalk feels like .
It is infinitely worth all the thousands of steps it takes to get there .
It ’s a great , great thing – I recommend it very highly .
You can hear Chris Hadfield give his description of a spacewalk , as well as talk about NASA ’s current situation and his views on the International Space Station on the March 11 , 2010 edition of the 365 Days of Astronomy podcast .
On YouTube , you may now watch the entirety of The Chipmunk Adventure with the chipmunks ' voices returned to the actors ' normal pitch .
" I can't believe I did this , " writes editor NerdRush .
Granted , a full 80 - minute movie of this is asking a lot , so here 's some of their " classic " chipmunkfied covers slowed to reveal the normal …
READ THE REST
The Snowman Hunting Contest Awards are here , click here after reading the final winner and honorable mention :
The third and final winner of the Snowman Hunting Contest : Rik S of the blog House of the Orange Monkey
Honorable Mention goes to :
Crazy Chucky of Crazy Chucky ’s Deviant Art Page
3 Things You Need to Know About Raw Honey ( Buying Tips )
What is raw honey ?
What is in raw honey ?
Why is n't all honey raw ?
It 's probably not too difficult to remember well what " raw " means when you associate it with uncooked vegetables and meat whereby any form of heating is avoided so as to ensure all the natural vitamins and living enzymes and other raw whole foods nutrients and health benefits are preserved .
1. What is Raw Honey Good for ?
Why is it Special ?
Raw honey is the most original sweet liquid that honeybees produce from the concentrated nectar of flowers .
Collected straight from the honey extractor ; it is totally unheated , unpasteurized , unprocessed honey .
Pure means not mixed or adulterated with any other substance or material .
Hence pure honey does not have anything added to it .
An alkaline - forming food , raw honey honey contains ingredients similar to those found in fruits , which become alkaline in the digestive system .
It does n't ferment in the stomach and it can be used to counteract acid indigestion .
When mixed with ginger and lemon juices , it effectively relieves nausea and supplies energy .
Raw foodists love raw honeycomb for its exceptional nutritional value and its amylase , an enzyme concentrated in flower pollen which helps predigest starchy foods like breads .
2. Raw Honey vs Regular Honey - Most Supermarket Honey is Not Raw
Other popular uses of raw honey include relieving seasonal allergies ( using local raw honey ) , relieving cough treating acne skin , and as a nutritious food during pregnancy , and an effective face mask ingredient .
A lot of honey found in the supermarket is not raw honey but " commercial " regular honey , some of which has been pasteurized ( heated at 70 degrees Celsius or more , followed by rapid cooling ) for easy filtering and bottling so that it looks cleaner and smoother , more appealing on the shelf , and easier to handle and package .
Pasteurization kills any yeast cell in the honey and prevents fermentation , which is a concern for storing honey with high moisture content over a long period especially in warm weather .
While fermentation does not pose a health danger ( mead is fermented honey ) , it does affect the taste of honey .
Heating also slows down the speed of crystallization in liquid honey .
On the downside , when honey is heated , its delicate aromas , yeast and enzymes which are responsible for activating vitamins and minerals in the body system are partially destroyed .
Among manufacturers there exists no uniform code of using the term " raw honey " .
There are no strict legal requirements for claiming and labelling honey as " raw " .
Nevertheless , suppliers who understand that honey that has undergone heat treatment would not be as nutritious and have the consumers ' health in mind would ensure their honey is only slightly warmed ( not pasteurized ) , just enough to allow the honey to flow for bottling .
Thus , you may also find raw honey that are unprocessed but slightly warmed to retard granulation for a short period of time and allow light straining and packing into containers for sale .
Using as little heat as possible is a sign of careful handling by honey suppliers .
3. Raw Honey Granulates Over Time and is Not Crystal Clear
Usually raw unfiltered honey can only be purchased directly from the bee farm .
Characterised by fine textured crystals , it looks cloudier and contains particles and flecks made of bee pollen , honeycomb bits , propolis , and even broken bee wing fragments .
Raw unfiltered honey health benefits include high level of live enzymes , higher energy level , better digestion , and high antioxidant level .
Unpasteurized raw honey will usually granulate and crystallize to a thick consistency after a few months .
It is usually preferred as a spread on bread and waffles , or dissolved in hot coffee or tea .
However , as most consumers are naturally attracted to buying and eating crystal clear and clean honey , unfiltered honey which looks cloudy and unappealing , is not commercially available on most supermarket shelves .
*************************
Forms of Honey
HONEY QUIZ
Honey comes in different forms - raw honey with comb , raw honeycomb , liquid honey , and cream honey .
Find out why each of the forms is preferred by different people for different reasons in : Forms of Honey
Discover how much you know about honey with this quick quiz .
Your quiz results might well surprise you !
All in :
Do you really know me , honey ?
Color and Flavor of Honey
Color is used in the honey industry as a convenient measure of honey flavour and aroma .
Generally , lighter honeys have a milder flavor and darker honeys have a more robust flavor .
The color and flavour of honey is largely determined by the floral source of the nectar .
However , exposure to heat and storage time may affect honey 's quality and color .
Normally , the darkening of honey occurs more rapidly when honey is stored at high temperatures .
Also , honey appears lighter in color after it has granulated , which is why most creamed honeys are opaque and light in color .
Other Related Articles
1 ) Is it safe to eat raw honey ?
Can be be safely consumed during pregnancy ?
It is safe for adults to eat honey .
More in Warning on Honey and Infant , Can be be safely consumed during pregnancy ?
5 Benefits of Eating Honey During Pregnancy , and Honey Allergy ( Cause and Concern ) .
2 ) Get these terms and concepts straight - pure honey , creamed honey versus clear liquid honey , crystallisation of honey , honeycomb , monofloral varietals , darkening of honey , viscous versus runny honey , honey storage , and more in : Frequently Asked Information About Honey .
3 ) How is organic honey differentiated from regular honey ?
More in : What Makes Organic Honey Different ?
4 ) With so many terms such as raw , pure , organic , etc , buying honey can be tricky .
My take on Which Honey to Buy ?
5 ) How much do you trust the labels on the honey jars ? :
More in : Eating Real Honey ?
6 ) Want an effective home remedy for acne ?
Find out more about raw honey benefits for skin in : 7 Best Honey And Tea Tree Oil Face Masks For Acne Skin
7 ) Read about my online find - raw honey ( unfiltered ) : Really Raw Honey !
8 ) Does wild honey really taste sour ?
And does it produce a clear solution when mixed with water ?
Wild Honey Questions .
Need Your Help !
9 ) Honey claims and labels can be confusing .
Get tips that would lend you some clues about honey labeling : Natural Honey , Pure Honey , Raw Honey ~ Making Sense of Honey Labels .
10 ) Learn about issues related to honey crystallization , pasteurization , and get the best tips for handling and storing honey : Honey Storage Tips .
11 ) Is honey powder another form of honey ?
Is it really made of 100 % honey ? : What in the World is Honey Powder ?.
12 ) Where can I find raw honey and raw honeycomb near me ?
If you are located in Singapore , check out : Bee Healthy .
Otherwise , you could consider Amazon which offers countless choices of raw honey for sale at great prices and international shipping .
End of " 3 Things You Need to Know About Raw Honey ( Buying Tips ) " Back to " Frequently Asked Information About Honey "
I am naught but a humble developer .
Neither rails nor ruby occupies me professionally .
All I wanted was rails with view inheritance ( look up template with the same name in parent controller if missing in current one ) .
I was not alone to want it .
And by no means the first who tried to do it .
So , I pretty much summarized other people work and submitted patch for rails 2.3.X .
Turned out , that this feature should have been first applied to edge rails ( 3 - 0 branch ) and then ' backported ' to 2.3 .
Fair enough .
The ticket changed milestone ( 2.X -> 3.0 ) and owner ( Josh Peek -> Yehuda Katz ) and I set myself up for another patch .
Months were passing with zero activity when suddenly a guy called Rizwan Reza started answering questions .
Strangely enough , Rizwan was n't really in the techy bits , instead he was passing messages to and from Yehuda .
As if he was a proxy or something .
A bit weird , but heck , as long as the process goes on , why should I care ?
Sadly , after a while , Rizwan disappeared .
As mysteriously and inevitably as he had emerged in the first place .
Meanwhile , Yehuda posted this blog entry , which was all reasonable , apart from , considering the above , it was nothing but a load of hypocritical boolshit .
Being slightly irritated , I suggested in the comment that there might be quite possibly other means of applying Yehuda 's eagerness to be helpful to noob contributors .
Like , perhaps , admitting they actually exist rather than pretending they are an excuse to write another blog post .
Yehuda quickly replied with a very reassuring comment where he , first of all , apologized and then shed some positive light on how this feature is in fact much desired and how it is going to get through in next rails beta .
It was one month ago .
Needless to say that no change has happened on the ticket since then .
I had also another experience contributing to open source .
It was for jQuery Flot ( a very nice plot library ) .
The project is a lot smaller than rails obviously and the change was trivial .
A month after ticket submission , the guy suddenly emerged asking for details .
Surprised , I put more info , but , it turned out I had only one shot - he had already disappeared .
This time forever .
So , is this a common scenario ?
Or is it just a bad luck ( or , perhaps , not so bad , compared to what others experience ) ?
LAST week Anthem Blue Cross of California announced it was hiking health insurance premiums for some customers by 39 % .
According to a Department of Health and Human Services report released yesterday , that followed recent requests for rate increases of between 13 % and 40 % by insurers in Connecticut , Maine , Michigan , Oregon , Rhode Island and Washington .
At the same time , insurers are covering fewer and fewer people ; the top six insurers dropped 2.2 m customers in the first nine months of 2009 .
While the country 's economy was shrinking and workers were being laid off and losing their coverage ( or being shunted into government - provided coverage ) , these private insurers ' profits rose dramatically .
Last year , as working families struggled with rising health care costs and a recession , the five largest health insurance companies — WellPoint , UnitedHealth Group , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana — took in combined profits of $ 12.2 billion , up 56 percent over 2008 .
These health insurance companies ' profits grew even as nominal GDP decreased by 1 percent over this same time period .
Well Point accumulated more than $ 2.7 billion in profits in the most recent quarter alone .
And recent data show that the CEOs of America 's five largest insurers were each compensated up to $ 24 million in 2008 .
There is nothing wrong with turning a big profit , except when there is .
The insurance industry is not like the automotive industry .
It does not produce a product .
What it does is calculate the actuarial chances that a person will need health care , collect premiums to cover the cost of such care , and then distribute the money to care providers as needed .
This spreads the risks of ill health more evenly across society , simultaneously enhancing fairness and reducing risk ( thus enabling entrepreneurship ) .
Most of what the industry does besides those tasks is rent - seeking behaviour that sucks money away from its real mission .
In a sense , an insurance company is like a casino : whatever it books in profits , represents money it skimmed off of its customers .
( This is not true of HMOs , which actually help organise the delivery of care , and where the profit motive can thus lead to real efficiencies . )
The main difference , however , is that casinos are fun .
The picture gets worse when you consider why it is that most Americans still have private health insurance .
They have it because the government massively subsidises employer - provided health insurance , by making such benefits tax - free .
Meanwhile , the reason companies like Anthem give for raising their premiums is largely that young , healthy customers are dropping their insurance coverage , because it is too expensive ; they are gambling they wo n't need it .
This in turn leaves the pool of subscribers older and sicker , meaning rates must go up , and that in turn drives yet more young , healthy people to drop their coverage .
This is adverse selection , the so - called insurance death spiral .
It is often mentioned as something that would result if America adopted guaranteed issue and community rating without a mandate .
But it 's become clear over the past year that the insurance death spiral is already here .
It has never been entirely clear why our government - subsidised private health - insurance industry ought to exist .
It 's certainly possible to have effective universal coverage based on regulated private insurers , as the Netherlands and Switzerland do .
But Canada and Britain get by largely without them , and have health outcomes comparable to America 's at expenditures that are half to a third lower .
France , which has the world 's best health - insurance system , limits the private insurance industry to providing supplemental policies over and above the basic national policy .
The reason Democrats decided to pursue health - care reforms based on a regulated private industry was that America 's health - insurance companies have shown they will do their utmost to defeat any proposal for basic single - payer insurance .
To do so , they are willing to spend huge amounts of money — money skimmed from the premiums of their customers , money that ought by rights to be paying for someone 's health care or lowering someone 's premiums .
So the Democratic bills that have passed in the Senate and House are closest to the Dutch - and Swiss - style all - private models .
Should Congress fail to pass a reconciled version of those bills , there will be no end in sight to the accelerating collapse of America 's private health - insurance model .
Each year , millions of Americans lose their private coverage , and millions more see double - digit rate hikes .
At some point , these numbers will be sufficient to force government to return to the question of what to do about the government - subsidised private health - insurance system , and it becomes ever more likely that the most attractive option will be the simplest one : end it .
( Photo credit : AFP )
Enlarge By Stan Honda , AFP / Getty Images A Cuban flag marks an operating tent at a makeshift medical center in Croix des Bouquets , Haiti .
The U.S. flag is n't flying in Haiti , rankling some veterans and servicemembers .
The many nations helping Haiti recover from the devastating earthquake that struck there have set up their own military compounds and fly their flags at the entrances .
France 's tricolor , Britain 's Union Jack and even Croatia 's coat of arms flap in the breeze .
But the country whose contributions dwarf the rest of the world 's — the United States — has no flag at its main installation near the Port - au - Prince airport .
The lack of the Stars and Stripes does not sit well with some veterans and servicemembers who say the U.S. government should be proud to fly the flag in Haiti , given the amount of money and manpower the U.S. is donating to help the country recover from the Jan. 12 quake .
The Obama administration says flying the flag could give Haiti the wrong idea .
" We are not here as an occupation force , but as an international partner committed to supporting the government of Haiti on the road to recovery , " the U.S. government 's Haiti Joint Information Center said in response to a query about the flag .
The absence of the American flag bothers Navy veteran Arthur Herriford , national president of the Pearl Harbor Survivors Association .
" It 's very improper , " Herriford said .
" Our military people always engage and function under the American colors — always have and always will . "
The U.S. flag has flown in Haiti under circumstances that were not always friendly .
In 1915 , Marines invaded Haiti to restore stability after several coups .
In 1986 , President Reagan pressured dictator Jean - Claude " Baby Doc " Duvalier to renounce his rule and leave .
In 1994 , President Clinton sent troops to prop up President Jean - Bertrand Aristide .
In 2004 , President George W. Bush 's administration eased Aristide out of office amid a brutal civil war .
France , the former colonizer of the country , has its flag up at its base in Port - au - Prince .
The Haiti flag is based on the French flag , turned on its side with the white stripped out .
Army Col. Billy Buckner , spokesman for Joint Task Force - Haiti , a group representing various Obama administration agency heads , said the decision not to fly the American flag was made out of respect as guests of the government of Haiti .
" It is no mystery that U.S. forces are on the ground , and we proudly wear an American flag on our right sleeve , " he said .
U.S. Air Force air operations specialists and FAA air - traffic controllers manage air traffic at Haiti 's main airport , where millions of dollars in aid from the United States has been arriving for weeks .
More than 12,000 U.S. military personnel support relief operations .
" Our commanders are smart and intuitively understand their mission here in Haiti , and clearly the sensitivities that come with supporting the mission , " Buckner said .
A U.S. flag went up at a temporary consular station set up in the first few days on the airport tarmac , according to Charles Luoma - Overstreet , a State Department spokesman in Haiti .
" Apparently , the prime minister ( Jean - Max Bellerive ) saw this " and thought it appeared as if the United States were taking over the airport , Luoma - Overstreet said .
He said Bellerive said something to U.S. Ambassador Kenneth Merten , who agreed that flying the flag was n't a good idea and told the consular officials to take it down .
The decision is not unprecedented , noted Joe Davis , spokesman for the Veterans of Foreign Wars , who says he is not bothered by the flag 's absence .
During the Gulf War in 1991 , U.S. forces took control of the main airport in Kuwait and briefly flew the American flag over their installation , Davis said , but higher - ups ordered it taken down to avoid an impression that U.S. forces were conquerors .
The missing American colors at Port - au - Prince airport were no problem to Don Hollenbaugh , a former Army Delta Force operator who received the Distinguished Service Cross for actions in Fallujah , Iraq , in 2004 .
" Everybody in the world knows the U.S. is there , " Hollenbaugh said .
" So by not flying the flag , we 're not changing anyone 's mind about anything . "
Contributing : Bill McMichael , The Army Times Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
MIRI in RAL laboratory .
Credit : STFC
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A working replica of MIRI - the pioneering camera and spectrometer for the James Webb Space Telescope - has just been shipped ( 16th March ) from the Science and Technology Facilities Council ’s Rutherford Appleton Laboratory to NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Centre , bringing the Webb Telescope one small step closer to embarking on its journey into space where it will produce the sharpest images yet of the farthest depths of the cosmos .
The Webb telescope , a joint collaboration between NASA , the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and the Canadian Space Agency ( CSA ) , is a large , cold orbiting infrared observatory that will succeed the currently operating Hubble Space Telescope .
With the help of MIRI and its three other sophisticated instruments , it will be able to examine the first light in the universe and investigate the evolution of galaxies and the process of star and planet formation - helping to answer some of the fundamental questions about the origin of our Universe .
MIRI ( Mid InfraRed Instrument ) is an infrared camera and spectrometer that will operate as part of the Webb telescope to observe the Universe at wavelengths that are difficult or impossible to observe from the ground .
It is an international project combining the talents of a consortium of European partners , the European Space Agency , and an international science team with those of scientists and engineers at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
The MIRI Structural Thermal Model realistically replicates the thermal , mechanical and optical alignment characteristics of the real flight model MIRI .
It was assembled at the Science and Technology Facilities Council ’s Rutherford Appleton Laboratory ( RAL ) from modules built by the University of Leicester , CEA in France , CSL in Belgium , JPL in the USA , Nova -Astron in the Netherlands , STFC ’s UK ATC , & the Danish Space Research Centre , with system engineering , product assurance and management provided by Astrium Ltd .
It has already been subjected to an extensive series of tests at RAL , and later this year it will be used at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Centre for pre-integration testing with the Integrated Science Instrument Model ( ISIM ) - the key element of JWST that holds all four instruments in the correct positions .
Meanwhile engineers across Europe and the USA are pressing ahead at full speed to build the flight instrument , which is due for delivery next year .
“ The MIRI team is delighted to have reached this important technical milestone after many years of design and development work for the instrument ” said the European PI , Gillian Wright of STFC’s UK Astronomy Technology Centre .
George Rieke , MIRI Science Team Lead at University of Arizona , Tucson added , " It is inspirational to see how well the team has worked to make this happen . "
" It is another big step toward making MIRI a reality . "
When launched in 2014 , the Webb telescope will have a set of four instruments , including MIRI .
MIRI will provide enormous increases in sensitivity , spatial and spectral resolution for three key reasons :
Firstly , its location in space will remove the blocking and large background noise effects of the atmosphere which limit ground - based telescopes .
Secondly , the telescope is cooled to a very low temperature , reducing its emission and greatly improving its performance .
Thirdly , the telescope ’s mirror is larger then any other infrared space observatory , giving improved angular resolution and collecting area .
This combination makes the Webb telescope a very powerful space observatory which promises to revolutionise our view of the cosmos yet again - just as Hubble did .
The UK is playing a key role in the Webb telescope with the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) leading the European development of the MIRI Optical System .
This UK contribution includes leadership by the European PI based at STFC’s UK ATC ; Astrium Ltd providing the project management , PA , and system design / engineering ; STFC ’s Rutherford Appleton Laboratory ( RAL ) responsible for the Assembly , Verification and Test and the thermal systems work ; STFC ’s UK ATC designing and building the spectrometer pre-optics module ; and the University of Leicester leading the structure and mechanical systems work for MIRI .
Dr David Parker , Director of Space Science and Exploration at the British National Space Centre ( BNSC ) , said , “ With the delivery of this sophisticated replica of MIRI , we ’ve reached another important milestone in the build of this new window on the ancient Universe .
Right now , the UK is involved in many exciting , new space projects .
With the upcoming creation of a UK executive space agency we will ensure that the UK continues to play key roles in amazing discovery machines like James Webb Space Telescope . ”
Professor Richard Holdaway , Director of Space Science and Technology at the Science and Technology Facilities Council ’s Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , added , “ The shipping of the MIRI replica to NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Centre , highlights again , the effectiveness of international collaboration on a mission of this size .
Each organisation , including Rutherford Appleton Laboratory ’s Space Science and Technology Department , contributes their own set of skills and expertise to the project , gradually steering us towards its completion ” .
Matt Greenhouse , Project Scientist for the Webb telescope Science Instrument Payload at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. said , " Receipt of the MIRI structural thermal ( STM ) model represents a major milestone in 8 years of development work by the joint ESA and JPL instrument team .
Tests with this prototype model of the MIRI , conducted at Rutherford Appleton Laboratories in the UK , have shown that this science instrument is on track to meet all of its performance requirements .
Upon receipt of the STM , GSFC engineers will begin testing it with supporting systems in the Webb telescope Integrated Science Instrument Module to facilitate smooth integration of the flight model . "
James Webb Space Telescope
At the heart of the JWST observatory is a large telescope whose primary mirror measures 6.5 metres in diameter ( compared to 2.4 metres for Hubble ) , providing a very large aperture compared to any previous space mission .
The Webb telescope will be operated well outside the Earth ’s atmosphere at a point in deep space called ‘ second Lagrangian point ’ or ‘ L2 ’ , located at 1.5 million kilometres in the direction opposite to the sun .
The JWST mirror has a diameter of 6.5 m and operates at a temperature of < 50 K , i.e .
Explore further Testing time for instrument on Hubble 's successor
Provided by British National Space Centre
What Drives Health ?
Explore the County Health Rankings Model
There are so many factors that influence how long and how well we live , from the quality of our homes and the safety of our neighborhoods to the opportunities we have for good jobs and education .
Dozens of public high schools in eight states will introduce a program next year allowing 10th graders who pass a battery of tests to get a diploma two years early and immediately enroll in community college .
Students who pass but aspire to attend a selective college may continue with college preparatory courses in their junior and senior years , organizers of the new effort said .
Students who fail the 10th - grade tests , known as board exams , can try again at the end of their 11th and 12th grades .
The tests would cover not only English and math but also subjects like science and history .
The new system of high school coursework with the accompanying board examinations is modeled largely on systems in high - performing nations including Denmark , England , Finland , France and Singapore .
The program is being organized by the National Center on Education and the Economy , and its goals include insuring that students have mastered a set of basic requirements and reducing the numbers of high school graduates who need remedial courses when they enroll in college .
More than a million college freshmen across America must take remedial courses each year , and many drop out before getting a degree .
‘ Transparency ’
Unidentified shrimp on unidentified Ricordea polyp
Music , Video , and Aquarium
2010 Coral Morphologic
In the second installment of the ‘ Unidentified Ricordea Shrimp ’ series we find the ( previously featured ) unidentified Ricordea shrimp upon an unusual host .
While it is is most certainly on a Ricordea polyp , we are not convinced that it is in fact Ricordea florida .
Over the years , we have noticed several key morphological and physiological differences that suggest that there are two genetically distinct morphs of Ricordea florida .
For practical purposes , we have been referring to the morph of Ricordea seen here ( under 470 nm light ) as ‘ inshore ricordea ’ .
In the Florida Keys , this morph can be found less than a mile offshore in shallow water amongst macroalgae , patches of sea grass , gorgonians , and small coral heads .
In this sepia - colored aquascape , you will find the olive - green colored ‘ inshore ricordea ’ , frequently dusted with sand to enhance its camouflage .
Occasionally a neon lime - green color morph will be encountered , but for the most part the ‘ inshore ’ morphs are considerably less colorful than their cousins living further offshore on the reefs .
Beyond a simple difference in coloration , the ‘ inshore ’ morphs are less colonial than their ‘ offshore ’ counterparts , living solitarily or in small groups .
When they are encountered in colonies , the individual polyps tend to be spaced further apart from each other than the ‘ offshore ’ morphs that live in a jigsaw - like carpet of neatly interlocking polyps .
Frequently the hypostomes ( the volcano - like opening to the mouth ) of these ‘ inshore ’ morphs are noticeably rigid ; something not present with colorful ‘ offshore ricordea ’ .
The surface pseudo - tentacles of the ‘ inshore ’ morphs are often elongate and appearing a bit ‘ raggy ’ as compared to the uniformly pearl - shaped pseudotentacles of of the ‘ offshore ’ Ricordea .
And while it seems possible that these morphological differences could be chalked up to simple adaptation to differing environments , the argument is weakened by the fact that ‘ inshore ’ morphs are also found offshore in the same niches as the ‘ offshore ’ morphs .
However , the smoking gun of the genetic distinction might be the observation on two consecutive years that the release of planula ( larval offspring ) occurred almost exactly a full moon apart .
In the video you ’ll notice a swatch of fluorescent magenta color on the surface of the oral disc .
This is an unusual trait for a Caribbean Ricordea , but is not uncommon amongst the Ricordea yuma that hail from the Indo - Pacific .
Also featured in the the video is the unidentified shrimp that lives commensally on Ricordea polyps .
Unlike the other commensal anemone / corallimorph shrimp ( Periclimenes pedersoni , P. yucatanicus ) that are active fish cleaners , this shrimp moves considerably less .
In fact it is nearly invisible .
The transparency of this shrimp is such that if you look carefully in the middle of its abdomen , you ’ll notice its beating heart .
Even the fluorescent pink ring around the edge of the polyp ’s mouth is visible through the shrimp ’s tail .
We recently sent three more specimens of this unidentified Ricordea shrimp to Dr. Richard Heard , a world renowned shrimp taxonomist , at the University of Southern Mississippi ’s Gulf Coast Research Lab .
We look forward to his determination of species - hood in the near future .
This artist ’s impression of the distant galaxy SMM J2135- 0102 shows large bright clouds a few hundred light - years in size , which are regions of active star formation , These “ star factories ” are similar in size to those in the Milky Way , but one hundred times more luminous , suggesting that star formation in the early life of these galaxies is a much more vigorous process than typically found in local galaxies .
Credit : Credit : ESO / M. Kornmesser
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists have found a massive galaxy in the early Universe creating stars like our sun up to 100 times faster than the modern - day Milky Way .
The team of international researchers , led by Durham University , described the finding as like seeing " a teenager going through a growth spurt " .
Due to the amount of time it takes light to reach Earth the scientists observed the galaxy as it would have appeared 10 billion years ago - just three billion years after the Big Bang .
They found four discrete star - forming regions within the galaxy known as SMM J2135 -0102 .
Each region was more than 100 times brighter than star - forming regions in the Milky Way , such as the Orion Nebula .
They say their results , published online today ( Sunday , March 21 ) , in the prestigious scientific journal Nature , suggest that star formation was more rapid and vigorous in the early Universe as galaxies went through periods of huge growth .
This zoom on the location of the distant galaxy SMM J2135- 0102 reveals how it was first discovered by astronomers observing a massive galaxy cluster using submillimetre wavelengths of light , with the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment ( APEX ) telescope .
After zooming to the location of the galaxy cluster the position of SMM J2135-0102 , as discovered by APEX's LABOCA camera , is shown in red .
A further zoom shows how follow - up observations with the Submillimeter Array ( also in red ) revealed the clouds where stars are forming in the galaxy with great precision .
Our view of the galaxy is magnified by gravitational lensing , which also produces a doubling of the image ; the apparent eight regions in the Submillimeter Array observations actually represent four distinct regions of star formation in the galaxy .
Credit : ESO / APEX / M. Swinbank et al. ; DSS2 , NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope & SMA
The findings , funded by the Royal Astronomical Society and the Science and Technology Facilities Council , provide a unique insight into how stars formed in the early Universe , the scientists added .
Lead author Dr Mark Swinbank , in the Institute for Computational Cosmology , at Durham University , said : " This galaxy is like a teenager going through a growth spurt .
If you could see it today as an adult you 'd find the galactic equivalent of the football player Peter Crouch .
" We do n't fully understand why the stars are forming so rapidly but our results suggest that stars formed much more efficiently in the early Universe than they do today .
" Galaxies in the early Universe appear to have gone through rapid growth and stars like our sun formed much more quickly than they do today . "
The scientists estimate that the observed galaxy is producing stars at a rate equivalent to 250 suns per year .
This composite image shows the discovery of the distant galaxy SMM J2135 -0102 .
Left : a view of galaxy cluster MACS J2135 - 010217 ( centre ) , which is gravitationally lensing SMM J2135 -0102 .
Top right : SMM J2135-0102 was first discovered in submillimetre - wavelength observations ( shown in red ) with the LABOCA camera on the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment ( APEX ) telescope .
Bottom right : follow - up observations with the Submillimeter Array ( in red ) revealed the clouds where stars are forming in the galaxy with great precision .
Our view of the galaxy is magnified by gravitational lensing , which also produces a doubling of the image ; the apparent eight regions in the Submillimeter Array observations actually represent four distinct regions of star formation in the galaxy .
Credit : ESO / APEX / M. Swinbank et al. ; NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope & SMA
The findings support earlier research led by Durham University .
In 2009 Durham scientists found that a galaxy - called MS1358arc - was forming stars more rapidly than expected when it was observed as it would have appeared almost 12.5 billion years ago .
SMM J2135-0102 was found using the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment ( APEX ) telescope , which is operated by the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) .
Follow - up observations were carried out by combining the natural gravitational lens of nearby galaxies with the powerful Submillimeter Array telescope based in Hawaii to magnify the galaxy even further .
Dr Swinbank added : " The magnification reveals the galaxy in unprecedented detail , even though it is so distant that its light has taken about 10 billion years to reach us .
" In follow - up observations with the Submillimeter Array telescope we 've been able to study the clouds where stars are forming in the galaxy with great precision . "
This image shows the galaxy cluster MACS J2135 - 010217 ( centre ) , which is gravitationally lensing the distant galaxy SMM J2135 -0102 .
The image is 5 arcminutes across , and contains data from the Advanced Camera for Surveys on the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope .
Carlos De Breuck , a co-author of the paper , from ESO , said : " The star formation in this galaxy 's large dust clouds is unlike that in the nearby Universe .
" However , our observations suggest that we should be able to use underlying physics from the densest cores in nearby galaxies to understand star birth in these more distant galaxies . "
More information : Intense Star - Formation within Resolved Compact Regions in a Galaxy at z=2 , Swinbank , AM , et al , Nature , DOI: 10.1038/nature08880 Intense Star - Formation within Resolved Compact Regions in a Galaxy at z=2 , Swinbank , AM , et al ,
The FDIC is running the biggest confidence game in the country .
The FDIC is now protecting through the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) some $ 5.3 trillion in deposits in banks across the country .
All of this is secured by an insurance fund that is now in the negative by $ 20.8 billion .
In the middle of this financial crisis we allowed the government to suddenly up the deposit insurance coverage from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 which on face value seems fantastic .
I mean every average American wants their money to be covered so upping it to $ 250,000 seems fantastic even though most middle class Americans have nothing close to that and are merely trying to pay their bills from one month to another .
But what if people suddenly pulled their money out of banks similar to what occurred with IndyMac Bank in California ?
Think this ca n’t happen again ?
One of the too big to fail banks seems to think this might be coming down the pipeline .
Some interesting information on Citigroup :
“ ( Prison Planet ) A new advisory being sent by America ’s third largest bank to its account holders has stoked fears that major financial institutions could be preparing for old fashioned bank runs if the economy takes a turn for the worse .
Originally reported by John Carney over at the Business Insider website , Citigroup is sending the following information to customers along with their bank statements .
“ Effective April 1 , 2010 , we reserve the right to require ( 7 ) days advance notice before permitting a withdrawal from all checking accounts .
While we do not currently exercise this right and have not exercised it in the past , we are required by law to notify you of this change . ”
In other words , let us assume many clients decide to withdraw all their funds in a short period of time because people suddenly realize that $ 250,000 is actually being supported by pure faith .
In addition , average Americans realize that - $ 20.8 billion will certainly not cover $ 5.3 trillion in actual deposits that can be redeemed at any given time !
That is the psychology of our current banking system .
As long as people believe the wizard behind the curtain can back up the deposits then all is fine .
This worked as long as assets actually had values that banks claimed were true .
We know that game is over .
In fact , that is why the entire banking system has received roughly $ 13 trillion in bailouts and backstops .
It really is this fragile .
This is how the deposit insurance fund looks like :
Source : FDIC
So you would think that people would at least try to diversify their investments since even a minor bank run would cause major damage .
But instead , people have increased their deposits at these banks at a rapid pace :
And I ca n’t blame them .
What choice is there ?
Gamble in the Wall Street rigged casino or put it in the bank .
If we go back to December of 2007 when the crisis started , DIF - Insured deposits have shot up by $ 1.1 trillion and the actual fund has gone negative because of all the additional bank failures .
This psychology really does remind me of the mania surrounding the housing bubble boom .
What if , hypothetically , people decide that one of the too big to fail is suddenly not that big at all , and Americans start withdrawing funds to some other institution .
Worse yet , they take their funds out and put them in a non-DIF insured institution .
Then what ?
Or maybe people want the actual cash .
This is what is so troubling .
Just go to any local store and see how much actual cash is being exchanged .
It is all electronic debits and credits .
Insured to $ 250,000 ?
On what ?
Clearly the U.S. Treasury would step in at this point and flat out start printing money but what use would that be since the dollars you are being paid with would quickly devalue ( even more ) .
I ’ve seen a few people dismiss the current negative DIF fund by saying “ the FDIC is flush with cash . ”
Really ?
Let us examine that part of the equation .
From the latest FDIC quarterly bank report :
“ In June 2008 , before the number of bank and thrift failures began to rise significantly , total assets held by the DIF were approximately $ 56 billion and consisted almost entirely of cash and marketable securities ( i.e. liquid assets ) .
As the crisis has unfolded , liquid assets of the DIF have been to protect depositors of failed institutions and were exchanged for less liquid claims against assets of failed institutions .
As of September 30 , 2009 , although total assets had increased to almost $ 63 billion , cash and marketable securities had fallen to approximately $ 23 billion . ”
Did you get that ?
The FDIC “ cash ” went from roughly $ 56 billion in June of 2008 to $ 23 billion in September of 2009 .
And supposedly , they now have “ assets ” of $ 63 billion but how much of this is crap mortgages from failed banks like WaMu and IndyMac ?
In reality , the FDIC at this point only had $ 23 billion to back up $ 5.3 trillion .
But in December of 2009 the FDIC took the radical step to front - load prepaid assessments :
“ To provide the FDIC with the funds needed to carry on with the task of resolving failed institutions in 2010 and beyond , but without accelerating the impact of assessments on the industry ’s earnings and capital , the FDIC approved a measure to require insured institutions to prepay 13 quarters worth of deposit insurance premiums .
These prepayments — about $ 46 billion — were collected on December 30 , 2009 .
Cash and marketable securities stood at $ 66 billion on December 31 , 2009 . ”
Now do n’t you feel better ?
The FDIC took in 13 quarters of prepaid deposit insurance premiums and we now have a combined total of cash and marketable securities of $ 66 billion .
In other words , one too big to fail going down and good luck with that $ 250,000 backup really being worth what you would actually think .
This is what surprises me here .
We all know things are actually getting worse with the banking system yet we keep piling on the risk .
In fact , the FDIC has even upped the number of troubled banks on their list :
You know if the FDIC is saying 702 we know it is much higher .
I still stand by my prediction that this crisis will bring down at least 1,000 banks when all is said and done .
I love how the FDIC lists “ assisted institutions ” as 8 with total assets of nearly $ 2 trillion .
I wonder who those could be ?
The bottom line is , we are playing a very big game of confidence here .
Gallup just ran a poll showing that 19.9 percent of Americans are underemployed .
That number is getting really close to the 25 percent rate of the Great Depression but with part - time employment .
That does a number on the psyche of average Americans .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Text messages are short , quick and cheap to transmit .
So why are they adding so much to your wireless bill ?
The messages are such a tiny piece of data that they cost carriers only about one - third of a cent to deliver , according to computer scientist Srinivasan Keshav , who testified before U.S. senators on the issue last summer .
But on a pay - per - text plan , the 160 - character messages typically cost 20 cents outgoing and 10 cents incoming .
That 's a markup of as much as 6,500 % .
OMG !
" It 's pretty much pure profit , " Keshav says .
" Carriers would argue they put that money toward investing in new technology . "
Even if customers sign up for an unlimited texting plan for , say , $ 10 a month , carriers are still cashing in considering that their overhead is basically $ 0 .
That 's a lot to pay for a few LOLs .
Branson goes 20,000 leagues under the sea
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Virgin unveiled the latest addition to Richard Branson 's luxury fleet on Friday : an underwater plane that will fly riders into the depths of the Caribbean Sea .
Guests on Necker Island , a retreat in the British Virgin Islands , will be able to dive underwater in a submarine dubbed the Necker Nymph for $ 25,000 a week .
But that 's only after shelling out around $ 300,000 for a one - week stay on Necker , the private island owned by billionaire and Virgin Group chairman Richard Branson .
Beginning on Feb. 20 , two riders and a pilot will be able to take the plunge from land or from a boat .
The underwater plane uses the downward pressure on its wings to fly through the water for up to two hours at a time , while an open cockpit will give riders a 360 - degree view .
The Necker Nymph 's typical speed is 2 to 5 nautical miles per hour and it can dive more than 100 feet , said Karen Hawkes , a spokeswoman for Hawkes Ocean Technologies , the company that designed the Nymph .
A statement released Friday by Virgin Limited Edition , the luxury arm of Virgin Hotels , described the Nymph 's launch like a plane 's takeoff .
" Gliding on the water 's surface like an aeroplane on a runway , one of the three pilots will operate the joystick to smoothly dive down . "
Vacationers will be able to fly the Necker Nymph while chartering the Necker Belle , Branson 's 105 - foot yacht , or the submarine can be launched from shore .
Necker Belle is rented out to guests for $ 88,000 a week , bringing the full Necker Island experience to more than $ 400,000 per week .
Riders must follow SCUBA procedures and be trained or accompanied by a certified pilot before entering the underwater plane .
SCUBA tanks are mounted in the submarine and passengers must wear masks while underwater , said Hawkes .
The Necker Nymph claims " near - zero " environmental impact because its " positive buoyancy prevents the sub from landing on a reef , and its low light and noise emissions ensure the fragile ocean ecosystems remain undisturbed , " Virgin said .
Chris Colfer : " Naya Had the Most Incredible Impressions "
Did Kathie Lee Really Write " Then Came You " in One Night ?
I did this comic as a submission to the annual SPX Anthology in 2004 .
It was actually accepted and published in the anthology for all to see .
No big achievement though , as the SPX anthology was recently discontinued due to , presumably , lack of interest .
I remain proud of this story , despite its association with that doomed publication .
Awesome Up Front
Build your TVs with our display solutions , and every seat will be the best seat in the house .
Brighter , more colorful content .
Superior , more efficient performance .
And a wider viewing angle that draws everyone into the experience .
Increased brightness : Films such as 3M ™ Dual Brightness Enhancement Film ( DBEF ) maximize light to the viewer , enhancing bulb brightness by 30 % or more .
Energy efficient :
By optimizing light , our films can reduce power consumption by as much as 23 – 37 % in medium to large TVs .
Thinner and lighter weight :
Use our display films to replace several layers of thick plastic and glass , and achieve ultra - thin , lightweight designs .
Wider viewing angle :
Our display films can also make the off - axis view clearer and brighter , giving your products a broader viewing range .
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
A Little Bit of Python : Episodes 7 and 8
Two more episodes of A Little Bit of Python have been posted .
A Little Bit of Python is an occasional podcast on Python related topics with myself , Brett Cannon , Jesse Noller , Steve Holden and Andrew Kuchling .
A little bit of Python is now listed on iTunes !
A Little Bit of Python on iTunes ( Opens in iTunes and a web page )
Episode 7 is a discussion of Unladen Swallow , a branch of CPython that uses the LLVM ( Low Level Virtual Machine ) to provide a JIT ( Just - In - Time compiler ) for performance improvements in Python .
This episode was recorded before PyCon .
Since then a couple of decisions about Unladen Swallow have been made , that were still open questions when we recorded this episode :
PEP 3146 has been tentatively accepted .
With the proviso that it depends on startup time improvements , memory use reductions and further performance improvements ( all discussed in the PEP ) , Unladen Swallow has been approved to merge with CPython .
A new subversion branch , py3 k - jit has been created for this purpose .
The version of Python that the merge targets is Python 3.3 .
As Python 3.2 will be out later this year it is realistically going to be about 2 years before Python with an Unladen Swallow JIT is released .
This is plenty of time for the outstanding issues to be addressed and for users to test Unladen Swallow .
Episode 8 is an interview with Mark Shuttleworth recorded by Steve Holden at PyCon .
General links for the podcast feeds and a webpage with an embedded flash player :
If you have feedback , insults or suggestions for new topics you can email us on : all@bitofpython.com .
We have a twitter account , so for news on new episodes follow @bitofpython .
A Little Bit of Python is also syndicated on Hacker Public Radio ( although they 're only up to episode two so far ) .
Exception Handling Code for Python 2 and 3
The right way to maintain a library for both Python 2 and 3 is to run your tests with Python 2.6 with Python 3 warnings switched on .
This does n't mean that you have to make Python 2.6 your minimum supported version of Python , but it will warn you where you are doing things that either wo n't work or will have different behaviour in Python 3 .
For example :
$ python - 3 Python 2.6.4 ( r264:75821 M , Oct 27 2009 , 19:48:32 ) [ GCC 4.0.1 ( Apple Inc. build 5493 ) ] on darwin Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
>>> 1 > ' a' __main__:1 : DeprecationWarning : comparing unequal types not supported in 3.x False >>>
Once you have done this you can use 2to3 to convert your codebase .
Run your tests again and find any problems .
The idea is to fix them in your Python 2 codebase ( possibly resorting to compatibility layers with separate libraries for things like string / bytes IO ) so that 2to3 is fully able to produce a working Python 3 version of your code .
Using distribute you can even have 2to3 run automatically when your package is installed on Python 3 .
That is the right way .
For smaller modules it is possible , but sometimes not fun , to keep a single codebase that runs fine with both Python 2 and Python 3 .
The one module I maintain like this is discover , a backport of the new unittest test discovery .
There are various tricks to getting around the slightly different syntax and semantics between Python 2 and Python 3 .
One of these is handling exceptions .
For Python 2.5 and earlier you define your try .. except blocks thusly :
try : do_something ( ) except AttributeError , e : handle_this ( e ) except TypeError , e : handle_that ( e ) else : finish ()
For Python 3 , and also Python 2.6 if you do n't mind being incompatible with earlier versions of Python , you do :
try : do_something ( ) except AttributeError as e : handle_this ( e ) except TypeError as e : handle_that ( e ) else : finish ()
So you can't write exception handling code that will work with both Python 2.5 and 3.X using these constructs .
Instead you can use the following nasty trick :
import sys try : do_something ( ) except : ExceptionClass , e = sys . exc_info ( ) [ : 2 ] if ExceptionClass is AttributeError : handle_this ( e ) elif ExceptionClass is TypeError : handle_that ( e ) else : raise else : finish ()
Not very pretty , and do n't forget to fix it as soon as you drop support for Python 2.5 , but it works fine .
Archives
A team of researchers from Carnegie Museum of Natural History has described a new genus and species of carnivorous amphibian from western Pennsylvania .
The fossil skull , found in 2004 near Pittsburgh International Airport , was recovered from rocks deposited approximately 300 million years ago during the Late Pennsylvanian Period .
Named Fedexia striegeli , it is one of only a very few relatively large amphibian fossils to display evidence of a predominantly terrestrial ( land - based ) life history so early in geologic time .
The rocks where Fedexia was found are nearly 20 million years older than the localities of its fossil relatives , suggesting that the expansion and diversification of this group occurred much earlier than had been recognized previously .
The full paper are being released in Annals of Carnegie Museum , Volume 78 , Number 4 , 15 March 2010 .
Fedexia was described on the basis of a remarkably well - preserved fossil skull .
Unlike similar discoveries , the five - inch - long ( 11.5 cm ) fossil skull remained three - dimensional over time because it was never crushed by rocks that were deposited above it .
Fedexia striegeli was named for FedEx , the corporation that owns the land on which the fossil was found , and for amateur discoverer Mr. Adam Striegel , who originally found the specimen on a geology field trip while a senior at the University of Pittsburgh .
Climate Change Likely a Factor
Fedexia represents an extinct group of amphibians called Trematopidae that lived about 70 million years before the first dinosaurs appeared .
Unlike almost all other Pennsylvanian Period amphibians , which did not often venture out of the water , this rare , diverse group lived mostly on land , returning to the water perhaps only to mate or lay eggs .
The trematopids also provide evidence of the earliest vertebrate life in North America adapted to a mostly terrestrial existence .
Their success may have been a result of a long - term , global trend toward drier , warmer conditions that reached its climax near the end of the Pennsylvanian Period .
At the time of Fedexia 's preservation , the earth 's climate was in a period of transition .
Immense glaciers in Earth 's southern polar region produced rapidly fluctuating global climates .
Western Pennsylvania , which was near the equator at that time , experienced tremendous amounts of rain .
Swamps which would later develop into coal developed , and amphibians -- which are dependent on moist conditions -- flourished ; in fact , the Pennsylvanian Period is known as the " Age of Amphibians . "
Gradually , however , as an increasing amount of the planet 's water became locked up in polar ice , the sea level dropped and more land was exposed .
Vast regions of the earth became drier and warmer , including the region that would become western Pennsylvania .
The coal swamps and lakes dried up , and many of the coal - forming plants became extinct .
It was at this time that amphibian populations in what would become the Pittsburgh region shifted from mainly aquatic to mainly terrestrial , paralleling the change in climate from tropical to semi-arid .
Vertebrates that had already begun adapting to terrestrial life -- including amphibians closely related to Fedexia striegeli -- became far more abundant , widespread , and diverse than their relatives who were still dependent upon cooler , moist environments .
advertisement
The large number of trematopid amphibians appearing in the fossil record in the Permian Period suggests that climate change was a major factor in the diversification of terrestrial amphibians .
The appearance of Fedexia during the Pennsylvanian Period -- 20 million years earlier than the Permian -- was an early indicator of the diversification that was to come .
Co-author David Brezinski states , " The one - to - one correspondence between this early appearance of trematopids in the fossil record and the preservation of dry climate indicators in the surrounding rock units suggests that this is a climatically driven immigration and / or origination event . "
Although the appearance of Fedexia and other highly terrestrial vertebrates in the fossil record seems sudden , this is undoubtedly misleading .
They or their close relatives had probably already existed for a few million years , occupying upland regions where conditions for fossil preservation were not optimal .
However , the climatic change to drier , warmer conditions led to an explosive dispersal of terrestrial vertebrates to coastal regions and lowlands -- including western Pennsylvania -- where accumulating sediments increased the chances for fossil preservation .
Because western Pennsylvania is the " type stratigraphic sequence " -- or best record -- of sediments deposited during the Pennsylvanian geologic period , this region offers exceptional opportunities for future discoveries of terrestrial vertebrate fossils of this age .
A Remarkably Preserved Fossil
Fedexia striegeli was described on the basis of a remarkably well - preserved fossil skull .
Unlike many other fossil finds , the fossil skull remained three - dimensional and did not suffer post - mortem crushing over time by the compaction of rock formations above it .
The preservation of the skull is so precise that even the middle - ear bone , known as the stapes , remains perfectly intact and in its correct position , a very rare discovery in fossils .
Owing to the remarkable preservation of the skull , Fedexia was easily identified as a trematopid , mainly by the hallmark feature of the group , a greatly elongated external nasal opening that is partially subdivided into fore and aft portions .
Some scientists speculate that the posterior division held a gland -- similar to that in some modern - day reptiles and marine birds -- that rid the body of excess salt , or perhaps enhanced the sense of smell ; either function would have been an advantage for a terrestrial existence .
Fedexia is the first trematopid to be found in Pennsylvania , and only the third in the world of Late Pennsylvanian age , the group 's earliest appearance .
Now that the immediate study of Fedexia striegeli is complete , the fossil has been permanently preserved for future research in the Carnegie Museum of Natural History vertebrate paleontology collection .
Casts of the skull will be given to FedEx Corporation and to Mr. Striegel .
According to co-author David S Berman , " What is particularly amazing about this discovery is that it was made by an amateur who had no prior experience in recognizing vertebrate fossils in the rock , a talent that usually takes years to develop . "
Publication in Annals of Carnegie Museum
The paper A New Trematopid Amphibian ( Temnospondyli : Dissorophoidea ) from the Upper Pennsylvanian of Western Pennsylvania : Earliest Record of Terrestrial Vertebrates Responding to a Warmer , Drier Climate was authored by Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology David S Berman , PhD , Vertebrate Paleontology Collection Manager Amy C. Henrici , Adjunct Associate Curator of Invertebrate Paleontology David K. Brezinski , PhD , and Invertebrate Paleontology Collection Manager Albert D. Kollar , all of Carnegie Museum of Natural History .
A strange thing has happened .
After years of using a notebook as my only computer , I 'm considering going back to a desktop machine .
Why ?
The iPad .
It 's too early to tell for sure , but the iPad looks like it will do almost everything my MacBook does away from the desk : reading , browsing , watching movies in bed .
It 'll even take care of the one thing that makes me schlep a notebook with me on vacation : importing and backing up photos .
In fact , for many things it 'll be better than a MacBook , as it will be as grab - able as an iPhone for quickly getting something done , and I can jiggle it around without killing the hard drive .
This leaves a few very specific tasks for my " real " computer .
Work , for one .
Writing Gadget Lab posts involves a lot of applications open at once , and it requires a proper keyboard .
The second is photo - editing , which needs the horsepower of a full operating system ( right now , at least ) .
Both of these require a big screen to avoid flipping between open windows , and to let me see the pictures properly .
When I am using my MacBook like this , it is desk - bound , hooked up to a monitor , keyboard , Wacom tablet , a slew of external drives , a card reader , speakers , and so on .
With , say , an iMac , I would n't need half these things , and I would never need to unplug the extras that are hooked up .
Desktop sales have declined as notebook sales have climbed over the last few years .
Prices of laptops have dropped and modern notebooks are capable of running all but the highest - end software .
Better still , we can carry everything with us .
But if the iPad is enough computer for most things , the desktop starts to look pretty good .
I 'll compare Macs here , both because I use them and because the well - defined range makes comparison easy .
The same rules would apply to PCs .
The basic MacBook Pro and the basic iMac both cost the same : $ 1,200 .
The MBP is a good machine , but the iMac is way better in terms of performance and specs .
It has a 3.06GHz processor versus 2.26GHz and a 21 - inch screen instead of a 13 - inch .
The hard drive is three times bigger , it has double the memory and double the USB ports .
Sure , one is a marvel of miniaturization , but if you never need to pick it up , the MacBook Pro is a pretty poor desktop computer .
Will the iPad mean a boost to sales of desktop machines ?
Probably not .
Most people who need a " real " computer will likely still buy notebooks .
But will the iPad cut into notebook sales in general as more and more buyers realize that it is plenty powerful enough for their needs ?
Almost certainly .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wire.com
See Also :
Today two computer security researchers , Christopher Soghoian and Sid Stamm , released a draft of a forthcoming research paper in which they present evidence that certificate authorities ( CAs ) may be cooperating with government agencies to help them spy undetected on " secure " encrypted communications .
( EFF sometimes advises Soghoian on responsible disclosure issues , including for this paper . )
More details and reporting are available at Wired today .
The draft paper includes marketing materials from Packet Forensics , an Arizona company , which suggests that government " users have the ability to import a copy of any legitimate keys they obtain ( potentially by court order ) " into Packet Forensics products in order to impersonate sites and trick users into " a false sense of security afforded by web , e-mail , or VoIP encryption " .
This would allow those governments to routinely bypass encryption without breaking it .
Many modern encryption systems , including the SSL / TLS system used for encrypted HTTPS web browsing , rely on a public - key infrastructure ( PKI ) in which some number of CAs are trusted to vouch for the identity of sites and services .
The CA 's role is crucial for detecting and preventing man - in - the - middle attacks where outsiders invisibly impersonate one of the parties to the communication in order to spy on encrypted messages .
CAs make a lot of money , and their only job is to make accurate statements about which cryptographic keys are authentic ; if they do this job incorrectly — willingly , under compulsion , by accident , or negligently — the security of encrypted communications falls apart , as man - in - the - middle attacks go undetected .
These attacks are not technically difficult ; surveillance companies like Packet Forensics sell tools to automate the process , while security researchers like Moxie Marlinspike have publicly released tools that do the same .
All that 's needed to make the attack seamless is a false certificate .
Can one be obtained ?
This risk has been the subject of much speculation , but Soghoian and Stamm 's paper is the first time we 've seen evidence suggesting that CAs can be induced to sign false certificates .
The question of CAs ' trustworthiness has been raised repeatedly in the past ; researchers recently showed that some CAs continued to use obsolete cryptographic technology , signed certificates without verifying their content , and signed certificates that browsers parsed incorrectly , putting users at risk of undetectable attacks .
What 's new today , however , is the indication that some CAs may also knowingly falsify certificates in order to cooperate with government surveillance efforts .
Soghoian and Stamm also observe that browsers trust huge numbers of CAs — and all of those organizations are trusted completely , so that the validity of any entity they approve is accepted without question .
Every organization on a browser 's trusted list has the power to certify sites all around the world .
Existing browsers do not consider whether a certificate was signed by a different CA than before ; a laptop that has seen Gmail 's site certified by a subsidiary of U.S. - based VeriSign thousands of times would raise no alarm if Gmail suddenly appeared to present a different key apparently certified by an authority in Poland , the United Arab Emirates , Turkey , or Brazil .
Yet such a change would be an indication that the user 's encrypted HTTP traffic was being intercepted .
Who are these CAs , and why do we trust them ?
Most are for - profit companies , though Microsoft Internet Explorer is willing to trust two dozen governments as CAs , from a list of around 100 entities .
Soghoian and Stamm identify the governments Internet Explorer currently trusts as Austria , Brazil , Finland , France , Hong Kong , India , Japan , Korea , Latvia , Macao , Mexico , Portugal , Serbia , Slovenia , Spain , Switzerland , Taiwan , province of China* , The Netherlands , Tunisia , Turkey , the United States and Uruguay .
( Some countries have more than one government entity on the list ; Internet Explorer also trusts subnational governments like that of the Autonomous Community of Valencia in Spain , and government - affiliated organizations like the PRC's China Internet Network Information Center . )
Although there is no public evidence that this power has been abused or that government - run CAs are less trustworthy than private - sector CAs , each of these states has the power to facilitate attacks on encryption anywhere in the world — not just in its territory or Internet domain .
Certificate authorities get on browsers ' trusted lists by making a public statement about how they operate and submitting to some sort of external audit .
If they do their job properly , they make it easy for users to securely interact with web sites and services automatically , without having to somehow look up and manually verify encryption keys .
Yet these organizations ' position at the center of the web encryption infrastructure is largely unaccountable , since users will never know if a CA signs off on something untrue .
But any CA could choose to do so .
Given what we now know about the vulnerability of the trust infrastructure to both technological and legal interference , we urgently need a meaningful way to double - check the CAs .
Soghoian and Stamm propose some mechanisms and offer a plug - in to give users browsers ' more information about who is certifying sites and where the CAs are located , which could be of particular interest to those concerned about international espionage .
Concerned by this and other research on the vulnerabilities introduced by CAs , EFF has also been working on concepts to help Internet users make use of many more sources of information to supplement and double - check the CAs — and help detect when they certify things that are not true .
We will be publishing a whitepaper to outline some of our proposals in the near future .
(*)
As part of EFF 's application to become an accredited NGO at the United Nations , we have been requested to use that organization 's official terminology : Taiwan , province of China .
Build a Simple DC Power Supply
Or at least understand what 's happening when you use one .
The hill at Sand Dune Park in Manhattan Beach is quiet .
A shred of yellow caution tape flutters near the top of the dune .
Partway down , a sign on a crooked pole directs children to the left , adults to the right .
But no one visits the slope any more .
The sand dune , which attracted thousands of visitors who ran up and down the soft hillside in pursuit of the ultimate cardio workout , was fenced off in August amid concerns about erosion and years of complaints from residents about noise , litter and traffic .
Now , residents say they can enjoy their neighborhood again without fear of dodging speeding traffic or cleaning up discarded water bottles and litter .
“ It ’s like the end of a storm , ” said Bob Sandus , 65 .
“ It ’s nice to have peace . ”
But the dune detente may be coming to an end .
The city is weighing whether to reopen the mammoth pile of sand .
For years , the tiny city park -- which is in a neighborhood blocks from the beach -- has been a mecca for workout buffs who walk or run the dune , the soft , shifting sand an alluring , muscle - burning test of agility that aficionados say is easy on the joints .
Laker stars Kobe Bryant and Andrew Bynum are among the athletes who have trained there .
But some residents say the park was meant to be a play space for neighborhood children and has been hijacked from its original purpose .
Sandus said he was among the residents who helped build the park .
The retired engineer recalled digging holes with his neighbors decades ago to plant mulberry , pine , eucalyptus and sandalwood trees around the park .
His children ’s birthdays often were celebrated around the dune , he said .
But , over time , as the dune gained popularity through word of mouth and the media , the number of visitors exploded .
Basketball and football teams arrived by the busload to train in the sand .
Even some dune climbers eyed the crowds on the hill and the sunbathers at the foot of the dune , and wondered whether closing the hill was a bad thing .
“ It just got ridiculous , ” said Maribel Valdez , 42 , who walks the approximately 200 steps next to the hill now that she ca n’t use the dune itself .
“ A lot of people were complaining about how crazy it was , ” she said .
“ You could n’t have your own privacy -- people could n’t get out of the way . ”
Erosion became an issue .
The city was paying as much as $ 4,500 each time it rebuilt the dune .
In July , Councilman Richard Montgomery said there were 9,000 visitors to the dune , three times the peak crowd from a decade earlier .
“ It was destroying the dune , ” said Richard Gill , the city ’s director of parks and recreation .
“ There ’s not a blade of grass left down there . ”
But the loss of the dune has come at a cost to others .
“ There ’s been no area in all of South Bay that has been so successful for so long at motivating people to exercise regularly , ” said Bill Hory , a Manhattan Beach resident who is pushing for the city to reopen the dune .
“ It seems perverse to completely shut down a place like that . ”
A Facebook group called Save Sand Dune Park has grown to 1,600 members , and around 1,200 people have signed a petition , about 450 of them Manhattan Beach residents , Hory said .
Some plan to gather at the beach later this month and march to the dune to protest its continued closure .
City Council officials say they are considering multiple options , from creating a permit that would allow a limited number of people on the dune at one time to shortening hours or installing parking meters .
There also are proposals to landscape part of the dune and leave an area just for children to play .
amina.khan@latimes.com
Byrne : I said that I had spelt out very clearly how we were going to raise 19 billion in tax now of course every chancellor reserves the right to come back at every budget and make decisions about tax and you ’ll forgive me for not giving away the budget on Radio 5 this morning .
BRUSSELS —
The European Union on Monday condemned Israel 's intent to continue building in east Jerusalem , saying it represents a roadblock to international peace efforts .
" The European Union has condemned all the settlement activities , " said Spanish Foreign Miguel Angel Moratinos , whose nation holds the EU 's rotating presidency .
" We ask for a total freeze of settlement activity .
We will pursue this policy . " EU foreign ministers met in Brussels a day after Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu announced that Israel will not restrict construction in east Jerusalem .
The halt to settlement construction is a key demand by the Quartet of Mideast negotiators who are trying to restart negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians .
Israel has agreed to curb settlement construction in the West Bank , but not in east Jerusalem , claiming the entire city as Israel 's eternal capital .
Israel 's stance on its capital has also run into stiff opposition in Washington .
Netanyahu is due to meet US President Barack Obama on Tuesday to discuss the impasse .
" The Netanyahu announcement is completely , utterly unacceptable , " Finnish Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb said .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said the EU message to Israel was clear .
" The settlements are illegal as well as being a roadblock on the road to security and justice for Palestinians and Israelis which will come through a two - state solution , " he told journalists .
Visiting Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman was due to meet individually with the foreign ministers of Finland , Germany , Lithuania and Malta , but not with the entire 27 - member body .
Lieberman was supposed to attend a joint EU - Israel committee meetingMonday , but this was postponed until next month because EU foreignpolicy chief Catherine Ashton just visited Israel and Gaza last week .
The EU has denied that the postponement is meant as a snub to Lieberman .
The plan to cut off persistent pirates has proved controversial
The government has published a new draft of a controversial clause in the Digital Economy bill , in an effort to ease its progress through parliament .
The Liberal Democrats said they will oppose any plans to rush the Digital Economy bill into law .
The bill faces its second reading in the House of Commons next week .
Critics say the bill is unnecessarily draconian , particularly plans to cut off persistent net pirates and grant powers to block access to some sites .
Clause 18 has proved one of the most controversial aspects of the bill .
Originally it outlined how the government intended to future - proof the legislation by granting it the power to deal with other methods of copyright infringement , including the right to block access to websites , without the need for further legislation .
The new clause steps back from this , granting " limited power to propose regulations in the future " .
It would " allow copyright owners to apply for court injunctions requiring service providers to block access to specified internet locations providing access to copyright infringing material " .
But , before such injunctions could be carried out , the Secretary of State would have to consult " widely with industry " , said a spokesman for the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills .
He or she would also need to be satisfied that the new form of copyright theft was having a serious affect on the industry , of equivalent severity to the current trend for file - sharing via peer - to - peer networks , he added .
It is estimated that in 2007 , one billion music tracks were shared illegally .
More than half of all net traffic in the UK is believed to be content being shared illegally .
' Undemocratic '
It is widely expected that the Digital Economy bill will enter the so - called " wash - up " process .
This sees remaining government legislation speeded up ahead of a general election .
The Liberal Democrats have called for the bill in its present form to be scrapped and re-introduced in the next parliament .
The Open Rights Group , which has orchestrated a campaign against the bill , said any attempt to rush the legislation through would be " undemocratic " .
" It is outrageous to circulate the text of a clause days before it is due to be debated , " said spokesman Jim Killock .
" There will be no scrutiny and it will be rushed through the day after .
This is no way to make serious , wide - ranging laws , " he added .
The fate of the bill will rest with MPs .
" A rising number of MPs , including the speaker of the House of Commons himself , are concerned about the lack of scrutiny and the future of the bill is by no means certain , " said Mr Killock .
Some 20,000 people have written to their MPs voicing their opposition to the bill .
Hundreds protested outside parliament last week and campaigners are planning a series of advertisements designed to block its progress .
The Stop the Digital Economy Bill campaign is being organised by the Open Rights Group and digital campaigners 38 Degrees .
They have raised £ 20,000 to run ads in national newspapers and websites on 6 April .
That is the day when Gordon Brown is expected to announce the general election and also the day when the digital economy bill is due to be debated in the House of Commons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) --
Learning that a loved one is missing in action is one of the hardest pieces of news a military family can receive .
But after the worst news comes , not having physical remains to bury can be excruciating .
For the family of Air Force Maj .
Curtis Daniel Miller , missing in action since 1972 , that nightmare may finally be over .
On Monday , Miller 's remains , identified in 2008 , were buried in the Dallas - Fort Worth National Cemetery .
He received full military honors , including an Air Force flyover .
" Thirty - eight long years of not knowing is absolute purgatory , " Miller 's wife , Susan , said in an interview with CNN affiliate WFAA - TV .
" It 's something that never ends . "
" My husband was a hero .
He always served people .
I am so terribly proud of him ... he gave his last measure for our country , " she said .
There are more than 1,700 military personnel from the Vietnam War still considered missing in action , according to the Pentagon 's Defense Prisoner of War / Missing Personnel Officer unit .
Of the 341 Americans still unaccounted for in Laos , where Miller 's remains were found , 40 are in a " no further pursuit status , " which , according to the missing personnel unit , means " that as a result of rigorous investigation we have conclusive evidence the individual perished , but do not believe it possible to recover his remains . "
On average , remains of 75 servicemembers from the Vietnam War are found each year , according to the missing personnel unit .
The work is done through excavations , interviews on the ground and by analyzing mitochondrial DNA .
In that process , the DNA from a mother is used to identify the servicemember .
Miller was part of a 14 - member crew aboard an AC - 130A Spectre gunship that was shot down by a shoulder - to - air missile on March 29 , 1972 , during an armed reconnaissance mission over southern Laos .
Pat Carpenter , who served as a gunner aboard Spectres in the early 1970s , told the Fort Worth Star - Telegram that it was a " pretty hairy time for the gunships .
Triple A [ anti- aircraft artillery ] was a constant threat . "
According to the missing personnel unit , search and rescue efforts were halted just days after the plane was shot down because of " heavy enemy activity in the area . "
In 1986 , a joint effort by the United States and the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , led by the Joint POW / MIA Accounting Command , surveyed and excavated the crash site in Savannakhet province , Laos .
" The team recovered human remains and other evidence including two identification tags , life - support items and aircraft wreckage , " according to the missing personnel unit .
" From 1986 to 1988 , the remains were identified as those of nine men from this crew . "
Between 2005 and 2006 , joint teams " resurveyed the crash site and excavated it twice .
The teams found more human remains , personal effects and crew - related equipment , " the unit said .
The long wait for Susan Miller to find her husband was not without an uphill battle .
She often traveled to Washington and was heavily involved in the National League of POW / MIA Families , according to media reports .
She told the Star - Telegram that while the Air Force had been good to her , " There were times when we thought we were hitting a brick wall .
...
It was extremely frustrating . "
Over the years , family members received piecemeal information .
They heard reports that the Air Force had picked up emergency beacons coming from the crash site , a tip that did not pan out .
In 1983 , the Air Force gave Susan Miller a wedding ring found at the site , with the inscription , " Forever Love Sue . "
According to a Houston Chronicle story , the 14 K gold band was in perfect condition , giving family members hope that Miller was able to flee the burning wreckage .
Miller , who grew up in Palacios , Texas , met Susan , then 19 , in college and the two married shortly after in 1966 , she told the Star - Telegram .
In 1969 , she gave birth to a daughter .
In 1971 , Miller deployed to Thailand to serve with the 16th Special Operations Squadron .
The missing personnel unit 's efforts to find and identify MIAs and POWs span from WWII to the 1991 Gulf War .
Its mission , according to the unit , is : " To lead the national effort to prepare our personnel for possible isolation while pursuing U.S. national objectives abroad , establish the most favorable conditions to recover and reintegrate them and fully account for those lost during our nation 's past , present and future conflicts . "
The missing personnel unit 's work also means working with the governments of countries where those conflicts took place .
In 2000 , Congress passed the " Bring Them Home Alive Act , " which then - President Bill Clinton signed into law .
The act gives refugee status to foreign nationals of specified countries who assist in retuning to U.S. officials a live POW or MIA from the Vietnam or Korean wars , the missing personnel unit said .
Congress in 2002 passed the " Persian Gulf War of POW / MIA Accountability Act , " which grants the same refugee status to those from that war zone .
Grey clouds could have a silver lining for university applications Students who attend university open days when the weather is cloudy have an increased likelihood of applying there , claims research .
The research , published by the Royal Economic Society , found that an increase in cloud cover could be linked to a 9 % rise in enrolment .
The author , Uri Simonsohn , said students seemed to associate cloudy days with study and homework .
The findings were based on applications from 1,200 students to a US university .
Dr Simonsohn , a psychologist at the University of Pennsylvania , said the survey examining the influence of the weather on application choices suggested that cloudy days were perceived as " more inviting to academic activities " .
The study was based on records of visitors to an unnamed university in the north - eastern United States .
The number of applicants offered a place and those who subsequently enrolled , were compared with the cloud cover measurements on the days they visited .
The report claimed previous studies , which have shown that students preferred doing homework during bad weather , could explain why school leavers wanted to enrol at the universities they visited on cloudy days .
' English weather ' Psychologist Alexander Gardner thinks the weather can have an effect on decision making , but this could be due to the electrical charge of the air .
The research found students associated cloudy days with studying " I would not think a student would come to university and say : ' I 'm going there because it is cloudy . '
They would look at the facilities and clubs there . "
The research claimed other factors influencing a student 's choice could include the experiences on the day , for example a cheerful tour guide would leave visitors feeling that the university was a friendly place .
Cary Cooper , a psychologist at Lancaster University Management School , believes there are many influences that could affect a student 's choice .
" It 's a variety - quality of the subject area and social and personal quality . "
Professor Cooper acknowledges that American students tackle university in a different way to their British counterparts , with many Americans staying in their hometown for financial reasons .
" It 's a big deal in Britain and it is an adult experience ... leaving home , " he said .
" Students should n't take the weather into account , with the English weather that might be a problem . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
hostmap is a free , automatic , hostnames and virtual hosts discovery tool written in Ruby by Alessandro `jekil` Tanasi and licensed under GNU General Public License version 3 ( GPLv3 ) .
It 's goal is to enumerate all hostnames and configured virtual hosts on an IP address .
The primary users of hostmap are professionals performing vulnerability assessments and penetration tests .
It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself , you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles ; if you do not know your enemies but do know yourself , you will win one and lose one ; if you do not know your enemies nor yourself , you will be imperiled in every single battle .
- Sun Tzu , The Art of War
As Sun Tzu said , you have to know your enemy .
During an hacking engagement , like a penetration test , you need to retrieve as much information as possible from your target in order to be successful .
hostmap helps you using several techniques to enumerate all the hostnames associated with an IP address .
The major features are :
DNS names and virtual hosts enumeration
Multiple discovery techniques , to read more see documentation .
Results correlation , aggregation and normalization
Multithreaded and event based engine
Platform independent
Refer to the user 's guide and to the changelog for further information .
hostmap can be downloaded via Github project :
git clone https://github.com/jekil/hostmap.git
The latest development release is available for users that want to run an always update release .
To download you need to install git , if you do n't already have it , and checkot the sources with :
hostmap is copyrighted by Alessandro `jekil` Tanasi and is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3 ( GPLv3 ) .
hostmap is free software : you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation , either version 3 of the License , or ( at your option ) any later version .
Any kind of feedback is very appreciated !
You can send your code ( pull request ) or open support tickets on Github page .
If you have feature requests , ideas , bug reports or simply you want to give your feedback about hostmap write to alessandro@tanasi.it .
I am happy to read your opinion .
This software is free and open source .
Anyone can use it free of charge .
Anyway the development , maintenance and funding for server and hosting need money .
If you want to help hostmap to grow a donation is appreciated .
1 of 1 2 of 1
You ca n’t take photographs from the streets or sidewalks surrounding the Vancouver Olympic Centre , despite the fact they are public property .
At least that ’s what this Georgia Straight journalist was told this morning ( February 9 ) on three occasions while circumnavigating the 2010 Olympics ’ curling venue at Hillcrest Park , before being escorted across the street for standing in an unfenced but apparently closed area .
The first incident occurred as I was taking pictures of video surveillance cameras located just behind the Olympic security fence along the Ontario Street sidewalk .
A yellow - jacketed man behind a gate told me that objects inside the fence were off - limits for photography .
I told him I was on public property and continued down the sidewalk .
A few minutes later , as I snapped shots of people gathered at an entry point along the fence , one of them approached me .
He said he was from Vancouver Fire and Rescue Services , and he did n’t think I could take photos there due to “ security reasons ” .
When I told him I was on public property and from the Straight , he did n’t push the issue .
He and his firefighting colleagues were there to take a tour of the venue , where a few of them will be stationed during the Games .
I continued walking around the fence to where it lines Midlothian Avenue , which is closed to vehicle traffic .
As I aimed my camera at the media entry gate , I noticed a woman with a safety vest approaching me .
Her accreditation badge identified her as an Olympic transportation attendant .
I hit the record - video button on my camera .
“ We ’re actually closed right now , ” she said .
“ So , all photography is actually not allowed . ”
According to the attendant , although I was standing outside the fence , I was still within the security “ perimeter ” .
I asked her where the boundary was , and she pointed to the grass of Queen Elizabeth Park on the other side of the street .
I observed that , as we spoke , a woman was walking down Midlothian .
( Earlier , I had seen several other people strolling down the street without any interference . )
“ Yeah , she is , but she also does n’t have a camera , ” the attendant said .
“ I ’m sorry , I was just given strict instructions on photography . ”
Then she said , “ Sorry , I ’ll just have to escort you out . ”
As we walked up the street , she said Midlothian will be open to accredited media during the Games , when more security will be present .
“ It ’s just a little bit more of a strict guideline with the Olympics around , so we have to follow protocol , ” she said .
After I arrived at work today , I called Rob Holmes , president of the B.C. Civil Liberties Association , for his thoughts on my experience .
According to the lawyer , there ’s no good reason why I could n’t stand outside an Olympic fence and take pictures .
“ I think it ’s not the best start to the Olympic season if they ’re doing that kind of stuff , ” he said by phone .
“ The fact is that you ’re entitled to take pictures of whatever you can see from a public place . ”
Holmes argued that it ’s important for citizens not to stay silent about run-ins with overzealous Olympic personnel .
“ As our mothers used to say , you ’re not supposed to be good just when somebody ’s looking , ” Holmes said .
“ So , it ’s important that this be brought to the attention of the people who are in charge , so that they can actually show some managerial control over what ’s going down on the ground . ”
You can follow Stephen Hui on Twitter at twitter.com/stephenhui .
Update :
No photography ban around Games venue , Olympic security unit says
See also : Photos : Olympics bring security checkpoints , fences , and closures to Vancouver
Although the game did n't lag for me ( except the bullets in level 3 ) , the speed at which you move across the screen needs to be increased .
This is not merely a problem with the game being too slow , but with it being programmed in such a way that the character is programmed to move to slow .
However , if it were n't for the horribly slow character , this would be a great game !
... After a fight lasting about four minutes , the wounded bird left the area and is likely to have died of its injuries .
Assaf Admoni , 38 , an engineer from Herzelia in Israel , took the pictures while holidaying on the Yarapa River in Peru
Credit : ASSAF ADMONI / BARCROFT MEDIA
Trees provide the very necessities of life itself .
They clean our air , protect our drinking water , create healthy communities , and feed the human soul .
But these life necessities are threatened around the globe .
To address this , we ’re launching an unprecedented undertaking : the Time for Trees initiative .
Together , we can create change … through trees .
It is not clear when the US embassy in Sanaa will reopen
The US has indications that al - Qaeda is planning an attack in the Yemeni capital Sanaa , President Barack Obama 's top counter - terrorism adviser has said .
John Brennan was speaking after the US and UK announced their embassies in Sanaa had temporarily closed .
The US has accused a Yemen - based offshoot of al - Qaeda of being behind the alleged Christmas Day bomb attempt on a US jet flying to Detroit .
There are mounting fears that Yemen is becoming a leading al - Qaeda haven .
Mr Brennan , the US deputy national security adviser for homeland security and counterterrorism , told ABC the group had " several hundred members " in Yemen and was posing an increasing threat there .
" We know that they have been targeting our embassy , our embassy personnel , " he said .
Speaking separately to CNN , he said there were indications that a radical US cleric of Yemeni origin had links both to the Christmas Day bomber and the man accused of the Fort Hood shooting massacre .
Links to cleric
Last week an organisation called al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula urged Muslims to help in " killing every crusader who works at their embassies or other places " .
YEMEN FACTS Population : 23.6 million ( UN , 2009 ) Capital : Sanaa Language : Arabic Major religion : Islam Oil exports : $ 1.5bn/24.5 m barrels ( Jan - Oct 2009 ) Income per capita : US $ 950 ( World Bank , 2008 )
Profile : Al - Qaeda in Yemen Profile : Anwar al - Awlaki Attack stokes Yemen terror fears Country profile : Yemen Send us your comments
In an internet statement , the group also said it was behind an attempt to bomb a transatlantic airliner on Christmas Day .
On Saturday , President Barack Obama said the organisation appeared to have trained 23 - year - old Nigerian accused Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who is being held in a US prison .
Mr Brennan said there were " indications " that Mr Abdulmutallab had had direct contact with radical cleric Anwar al - Awlaki , who has been on the run in Yemen since December 2007 .
It was clear , he said , that Mr Awlaki had also been in touch with Nidal Malik Hasan , the US army major charged with killing 13 people at Fort Hood last year .
It was not immediately clear when the UK or US embassies in Sanaa would reopen .
In a statement on its website , the US embassy said it would be closed on Sunday " in response to ongoing threats by al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to attack American interests in Yemen " .
The embassy also reminded US citizens in Yemen to be aware of security .
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said the British embassy was closed on Sunday and a decision would be taken later on whether to open it on Monday .
Hours earlier , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown told the BBC : " This is a new type of threat and it is from a new source which is obviously Yemen , but there are many other potential sources Somalia , as well as Afghanistan and Pakistan . "
The US mission in Sanaa was the target of an attack in September 2008 , which was blamed on al - Qaeda , and in which 19 people died , including a young American woman .
US aid Also on Saturday , Gen David Petraeus , head of US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia , visited Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh to pledge US support for its fight with al - Qaeda .
The visit came a day after the general announced that the US would more than double counter - terrorism aid to Yemen this year .
Yemeni security forces have been fighting militants
The US provided $ 67 m ( £ 41 m ) in training and support to Yemen last year ; only Pakistan receives more , with about $ 112 m , according to AP news agency .
Yemeni officials said on Saturday they had sent more troops to fight al - Qaeda militants in the provinces of Abyan , Baida and Shabwa .
" These measures are part of operations to hunt down elements of al - Qaeda ... and tighten the noose around extremists , " a Yemeni official told AFP news agency .
Analysts say the US has also provided intelligence to Yemeni forces , which carried out raids last month that reportedly left dozens of militants dead .
In his weekly address on Saturday , President Obama said militant training camps in Yemen had already " been struck , leaders eliminated , plots disrupted " .
Correspondents say the security situation in Yemen is complicated by an abundance of firearms , an insurgency in the north and a secessionist movement in the south .
But the prospects of re-asserting central government authority over the lawless areas where al - Qaeda is based look , in the opinion of some analysts , remote - even with beefed - up American support .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Marissa Devault said she was tired .
Tired of explaining the bruises and fractured bones , the Gilbert woman told town detectives .
Tired of the shouting matches in the bedroom away from their three children , she said .
And tired of being a sexual object for her husband , she said .
So Devault screamed , clawed , bit and fought against her husband of nine years as he allegedly choked and raped her early Jan. 14 , 2009 , she told a Gilbert police detective .
Walking back from the bathroom , Devault said she snapped .
She grabbed a hammer from a bedroom table near her sleeping husband , and repeatedly struck him in the head , she said .
" I said , ' You do n't own me , ' and I just hit and I , I hit with both hands and it - and I just kept hitting him , " Devault told the detective .
" I did n't mean to kill him .
Really , I did n't .
I hit him and I did n't mean to .
It was a bloody mess .
Tired .
Just tired . "
A Maricopa County Superior
Court judge has yet to rule whether a jury will hear Devault 's 300 - page confession , in which she admits to killing her husband , Dale Harrell , 34 , who died in the hospital three weeks after the attack left him with a shattered skull .
Deputy Public Defender Alan Tavassoli argues in court documents that Devault was n't read her rights before being questioned about Harrell 's death .
He claims Devault was n't immediately aware she was allowed an attorney before being questioned .
In January , prosecutors responded that Devault met with detectives voluntarily and was allowed restroom and cigarette breaks , and access to her cell phone during the three - hour interview .
Devault said she was pregnant the first time Harrell allegedly beat her , " one month and three days " into their marriage .
He was upset she refused to take his last name for herself or her 3 - year - old daughter , whom he planned to adopt , she said .
Harrell pinned and struck her in the head three times inside their Tempe home , and only stopped when the toddler walked in after Devault screamed .
Five days later , she learned his repeated punches fractured her skull .
The hospital " gave me a lovely little pamphlet about domestic abuse , " she said .
" I did leave ( Harrell ) .
I told ( him ) I did n't sign up for this . "
Devault moved with her daughter to her parent 's Lake Havasu home .
She threatened divorce , but returned a month later after he reluctantly agreed to attend counseling on the condition she carried her pregnancy to full - term .
" I was n't going to have ( my daughter ) because if I was gonna , you know , be alone again , I did not need another kid , " she told the detective .
Counseling sessions helped , and their relationship settled , but every three months the arguments returned , she said .
" When he regresses , then he starts getting angry and starts throwing things and starts slapping , " she said .
" He was n't hurting me , he was hurting things in the house . "
Devault began courses in about 2003 at DeVry University , where she was seeking a degree in accounting and project management .
She was pregnant with her third child , and made a few friends , including Stanley Cook Jr .
On one occasion , classmates and Cook watched as Harrell allegedly shoved Devault so hard , her shoulder popped out of its socket , she told police .
One friend popped it back into place .
Soon " Uncle " Stan , who suffers from memory loss , was living with the family in the home Harrell and Devault purchased April 2008 on the 2100 block of East Maplewood Street in Gilbert .
Cook helped ease the couple 's stressed marriage , even though Harrell grew increasingly jealous as she made more friends , Devault said .
In September 2008 , Devault said she again visited the hospital with her eye swollen shut after Harrell slapped her .
" He 's a good backhand too , " she told the detective .
In December 2008 , Devault said she was thrown onto their driveway and kicked " because I had bought the girls scooters .
I was curled ... I was like , oh God , I 'm dead . "
Devault said she instructed her daughters to lock themselves in their rooms and put a movie on .
She then grabbed her purse and phone and attempted to leave , but Harrell stood in front of her vehicle .
She went back into the house .
" Our discussion about it was , ' Do n't ever do that to me again , ' and he said ' OK , ' and we started to get ready for Christmas , " Devault said .
" I . . told him that I was very unhappy with our lives . "
A few weeks later she began training to become a Gilbert police officer , which Harrell opposed .
She passed the written and physical exam and was awaiting an oral interview .
She she threatened to leave him again .
" I said I 'm not doing this anymore , " Devault said in recounting that conversation with the victim .
" It 's not that I do n't love you ... It 's just I do n't love us . "
On Jan. 14 , 2008 , Devault gave Harrell the papers she intended to hand her attorney to begin the divorce process .
They ate dinner as a family , and eventually started talking about their marriage .
Devault told police she turned Harrell down for sex , which sparked a " little " argument .
She stayed awake drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes to avoid having sex with Harrell until he was sound asleep .
After finally falling asleep , she was awoken to Harrell pinning her down , his hand constricting her airway as he had sex with her , Devault said .
" It makes it so that I can't swallow , then I - I get really ... dizzy really fast .
When I can't swallow , I can't make noise either .
And I can't fight , " Devault said .
" He likes to do that to me sometimes , " she said , adding that she fought and bit at him until losing consciousness .
" He thinks it 's funny .
It 's just a control .
I do n't like it .
It scares the crap out of me . "
Afterwards , she went to the bathroom .
On the way back to bed , Harrell was asleep on his side .
Devault screamed and slammed Harrell with the hammer , she said .
" I do n't know .
I just did n't want him to touch me , " Devault told the detective . " I just wanted him to feel every time ... he 's ever touched me and I wanted him to know what it felt like . "
" I really did n't think about it , " she said , adding she " did n't really put any effort or thought into it . "
Hearing Devault scream , Cook rushed from his room and quickly removed the hammer from her hands , she told the detective .
Cook offered to take the blame so their children would n't lose both parents .
" He asked ( Harrell ) if you 're all right and ( Harrell ) actually said , ' Bitch . ' " she said .
" And I pushed him off the bed . "
She called 911 .
Devault faces the death penalty in her husband 's death .
She 's scheduled to stand trial in superior court Aug. 11 .
As she finished her interview with detectives , Devault spoke of her three daughters .
" I do n't want to spend my life in jail , and I do n't want my girls not to have a mom , " she said .
Greetings weird Fold !
What ’s the weirdest thing that ’s ever happened to you ?
Have out with it !
- bman
Never Have I Ever
Carlos always loses pretty quick at this game .
And when he loses , everyone loses .
News and developments from the open source browser project
Systems
Explore the hardware and operating systems that act as servers or hosts for your applications .
The Creation as seen in the Norse mythology was strange and different from those of classical Greek mythology .
Yet it nevertheless fascinating , because of the roles played by giants and the gods .
Ymir
Yggdrasill and the Nine Worlds Ymir
There was nothing in the beginning but seemingly almost endless chasm called the Ginnungagap .
Ginnungagap was a void like the Greek Chaos .
Ginnungagap was bordered by Niflheim , which is the place of darkness and ice , far to the north ; and Muspelheim , a place of fire , far to the south .
Out of this chaos the first being came into existence from the drop of water when ice from Niflheim and fire from Muspelheim met .
This first being was Ymir , a primeval giant .
The frost - giants called him Aurgelmir , but everyone else called him Ymir .
Ymir became father of a race of frost - giants .
Ymir was the father of six - headed son that was nourished by a cosmic cow called Audumla .
Audumla fed herself by licking the salty rime - stone , until that stone was licked into a shape of man .
This stone - man was named Buri and he was the first primeval god .
Buri was the father of Bor .
Bor married the giantess Bestla , the daughter of the frost - giant Boltha .
And they became the parents of the first Aesir gods Odin , Vili ( Hoenir ) and Ve .
Ymir grew so large and so evil that the three gods killed Ymir .
The blood that flowed from Ymir ’s wound was so great that almost all the frost giants drowned in the torrent .
Only the frost giants Bergelmer and his wife escape the flood in a chest , arriving on the mountain of Jötunheim ( Jotunheim ) , which became the home of the giants .
Yggdrasill and the Nine World Odin and his brothers then used Ymir ’s body to create the universe .
This universe comprises of nine worlds .
They placed the body over the void called Ginnungagap .
They used his flesh for creating the earth and his blood for the sea .
His skull , held up by four dwarves ( Nordri , Sudri , Austri , and Vestri ) , was used to create the heaven .
Then using sparks from Muspelheim , the gods created the sun , moon and stars .
While Ymir ’s eyebrows were used to create a place where the human race could live in ; a place called Midgard ( Middle Earth ) .
A great ash tree called Yggdrasill ( “ World Tree ” ) supported the universe , with roots that connects the nine worlds together .
One root of Yggdrasill extends to Muspelheim ( “ world of fire ” ) , while another root to Niflheim ( the “ world of cold ” or “ of ice ” ) .
Niflheim was sometimes confused with Niflhel ; Niflhel being known by another name – Hel , was the world of the dead .
Hel was sometimes used interchangeably with Niflhel by many writers , as the world of the dead .
The name , Yggdrasill , means “ Steed of Ygg ” .
Ygg is another for Odin , which means , “ Terrible One ” .
Therefore , the great tree means in English , “ Steed of the Terrible One ” .
Odin ’s horse is named Sleipnir , but I found no connection between the tree and Sleipnir .
While one root was connected to Asgard ( home of the Aesir ) , another root to Vanaheim ( home of the Vanir ) .
The frost giants lived Jötunheim ( Jotunheim ) .
Midgard was the world for human .
Alfheim was home of the light elves ( ljósálfar ) .
There was also the underground world for the black elves ( svartálfar ) , called Svartalfheim .
The dwarves inhabited the world of Nidavellir .
Besides the three roots of Yggdrasill , there were three wells .
The Norns guarded the Urdarbrunnr , which is often known as “ Weird ’s Well ” , “ Wyrd ’s Well ” or “ Urda ’s Well ” .
The Weird ’s Well was considered to be very holy .
The Norns were Urda or Weird or Wyrd ( “ Past ” ) , Verdandi ( “ Present ” ) and Skuld ( “ Future ” ) .
Two swans drink from this well .
The Norns cared for the root near the Weird ’s Well .
Every day , they take water from the holy well , pouring on the root and soil , so that at least this root does n’t rot or decay likes the other roots .
The mud was white in colour .
This white mud caused honeydew to fall to the earth , keeping the valley around the well to be forever green .
Each day , the Aesir sit at the court at Weird ’s Well .
Horses take the Aesir to this court .
Odin rides Sleipnir .
Ten other horses were given names : Glad , Gyllir , Glær , Skeidbrimir , Silfrtopp , Sinir , Gils , Falhofnir , Gulltopp ( belonging to Heimdall ) and Lettfet .
Balder ’s horse was burned with him .
Apart from Sleipnir and Gulltopp , no specific horses were assigned to a particular god .
The Aesir must ride across Bifrost ( Rainbow Bridge ) to reach Weird ’s Well .
Thor does n’t bother to ride to attend the court .
Thor walked and waded through the rivers , Kormat and Ormt and two Kerlaugs .
The second well was Mímisbrunnr ( Mimisbrunnr ) or the “ Well of Mimir ” , which was also known as the “ Well of Knowledge ” .
The well was said to be guarded by the Aesir god named Mimir , a Norse god of wisdom .
See the Well of Knowledge in the Search for Wisdom on how Odin pay Mimir to drink from this well .
The third well was called Hvergelmir or the “ Roaring Kettle ” , where a giant serpent called Nidhogg , continuously gnaws at the root of Niflheim .
Eventually , Nidhogg will eat its way through the root that will cause Yggdrasill to collapse .
But this wo n’t happen until Ragnarok finally arrived .
Nidhogg also liked sucking on the bodies of the dead .
There are many other animals that dwelled around Yggdrasill .
Apart from Nidhogg , there were countless snakes living with the great serpent .
From above , four harts or stags feed on the foliage .
The harts were given the names of Dain , Duneyr , Durathror and Dvalin .
So with Nidhogg feed on one root from above , the stags feed from above , while the side of the tree rotted , Yggdrasill suffered greatly .
Perched on one of the branches was a great eagle , wise beyond its years .
A hawk , called Vedrfolnir sit between the eyes of the eagle .
Not only that .
There was a squirrel called Ratatosk who seemed to enjoy running up and down the great ash tree , delivering malicious messages between the eagle from above and Nidhogg below .
See the article on Asgard for more description of Asgard , the home of the Aesir .
Professor Brian
Cox describes how the laws of nature have carved natural wonders across the solar system .
He explores the powerhouse of them all , the sun .
Professor Brian
Cox visits some of the most stunning locations on earth to describe how the laws of nature have carved natural wonders across the solar system .
In this first episode Brian explores the powerhouse of them all , the sun .
In India he witnesses a total solar eclipse - when the link to the light and heat that sustains us is cut off for a few precious minutes .
But heat and light are not the only power of the sun over the solar system .
In Norway , Brian watches the battle between the sun 's wind and earth , as the night sky glows with the northern lights .
Beyond earth , the solar wind continues , creating dazzling aurora on other planets .
Brian makes contact with Voyager , a probe that has been travelling since its launch 30 years ago .
Now 14 billion kilometres away , Voyager has just detected the solar wind is beginning to peter out .
But even here we have n't reached the end of the sun 's rule .
Brian explains how its greatest power , gravity , reaches out for hundreds of billions of kilometres , where the lightest gravitational touch encircles our solar system in a mysterious cloud of comets .
The Federal Government 's insulation program is facing more questions after claims that it was warned some imported insulation batts reeked of the toxic chemical formaldehyde .
A Melbourne insulation industry leader Warrick Batt says he told Environment Minister Peter Garrett that some imported fibreglass products had high levels of the chemical and other dangerous substances .
He says he has had several meetings with the minister over the last six months and also raised concerns about whether the batts were being installed to Australian standards .
But Mr Batt has told Saturday AM Mr Garrett 's response was unacceptable .
" His basic reply was if that is the case then we should prove that and if we did , then he would certainly take action on it , " he said .
" The issue that we had there was that we did n't feel that it was our role as a manufacturer to be policing these imported products which had only started coming in due to the stimulus package in the first place . "
But Mr Garrett says he has not seen any proof to back claims that imported insulation batts contain dangerous levels of toxic chemicals .
Mr Garrett says he is still waiting for evidence to support Mr Batt 's claim .
" If there are any products there which he can show the Department do breach those standards and do present any health risks then I want to know about that , " he said .
Mr Garrett says all batts used in the program have to conform to Australian standards .
He says he is doing everything he can to ensure the insulation program is safe and he will not buckle to Opposition calls for him to resign .
" I 'm reminding people of the way in which we 've established this program , the national training modules which we 've put in place , the levels of safety under the program in terms of guidelines , the fact that I 've taken additional actions when matters have been drawn to my attention - most often and in many cases when I 've asked for more advice , " he said .
" Not because I 've ignored advice , I 've actually taken the advice . "
Forget cricket bats , golf clubs or carbon dioxide , Australia has found a new weapon in its war on the cane toad : cat food .
University of Sydney researchers found that cat food left next to ponds in the Northern Territory attracted meat ants , which then attacked baby cane toads emerging from the water .
The results were published in the British Ecological ­Society 's Journal of Applied Ecology .
It is the latest idea in the battle against the cane toad , which was introduced from Hawaii in 1935 in a failed attempt to control beetles on sugarcane plantations .
Their population , now in the millions , threatens many native species across Australia .
Early eradication methods included hitting the toads with golf clubs or cricket bats .
In recent years , freezing or gassing them with carbon dioxide has been used .
The toads emit a poison that attacks the heart of predators .
But meat ants are impervious to this .
Rick Shine , a professor of evolutionary biology who supervised the research , said : " A single toad can have 30,000 eggs in a clutch , so there 's a heck of a lot of tadpoles turning into toads along the edge of a billabong .
You can literally have tens of thousands of toads emerging at pretty much the same time .
They are vulnerable to meat ants if the colony discovers there is a source of free food . "
In 2008 , researchers studied thousands of toads emerging from ponds lined with cat food and found that 98 % were attacked by the ants within two minutes .
Of those that escaped , 80 % died within a day from ant - inflicted injuries .
In the hot , expansive Karakum desert in Turkmenistan , near the 350 - person village of Darvaza , is a hole 230 feet wide that has been on fire for over 40 years .
Though technically called the Darvaza gas crater , locals know the crater as “ The Gates of Hell . ”
Its fiery glow can be seen for miles around .
The Gates of Hell crater was created in 1971 when a Soviet drilling rig accidentally punched into a massive underground natural gas cavern , causing the ground to collapse and the entire drilling rig to fall in .
Having punctured a pocket of gas , poisonous fumes began leaking at an alarming rate .
To head off a potential environmental catastrophe , the Soviets set the hole alight , figuring it would stop burning within a few weeks .
Decades later , and the fiery pit is still going strong .
The Soviet drilling rig is believed to still be down there somewhere , on the other side of the “ Gates of Hell . ”
Amazingly , despite the crater ’s foreboding name and ever - present flames , people still trek into the desert to witness the site in all its blazing glory .
The country ’s government hopes it ’ll become a tourist site , and the nearby desert has already become a popular place to wild camp .
Copyright The Los Angeles Times
November 6 , 1986
HEADLINE : U.S. SENT IRAN ARMS FOR HOSTAGE RELEASES ; WEAPONS WERE SUPPLIED FOR AID IN FREEING 3 IN LEBANON , GOVERNMENT SOURCES SAY
BYLINE : By MICHAEL WINES and DOYLE McMANUS , Times Staff Writers
DATELINE : WASHINGTON
BODY :
The Reagan Administration , using an Israeli - operated supply line set up through highly secret negotiations with the regime of the Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , last year began supplying U.S. - made missiles and weapons parts to Iran in exchange for Iran 's aid in freeing Americans held hostage in Lebanon , government sources said Wednesday .
The arrangement , in which the Tehran government received planeloads of military equipment critical to Iran in its lengthy war against Iraq , led to freedom for three hostages held by pro-Iranian extremists and , until this week , appeared to promise further releases , sources said .
The arms shipments , begun last year with the personal approval of President Reagan after secret meetings between two top - level White House officials and Iranian representatives , led to the release last Sunday in Beirut of American University Hospital director David P. Jacobsen , who had been held by Islamic Jihad ( Islamic Holy War ) , a group of Shia Muslim fundamentalists allied with Iran .
At least one earlier weapons shipment spurred the terrorists to release the Rev. Benjamin Weir , a Presbyterian minister , in September , 1985 , and Father Lawrence M. Jenco , Beirut chief of Catholic Relief Services , last July .
Brainchild of McFarlane
One source who refused to be named said that the operation was the brainchild of former national security adviser Robert C. McFarlane -- who traveled secretly to Iran several times in the process of negotiating the arrangement -- and a top aide , Lt. Col .
Oliver L. North , the National Security Council 's deputy director of political and military affairs .
The operation was supervised by North and Reagan 's current national security adviser , John M. Poindexter , after McFarlane left the government in December , 1985 .
Since early 1985 , one source said , McFarlane and North reportedly have undertaken a string of secret missions to London , Geneva and other foreign capitals , as well as to Iran , to work out the shipments and exchanges , one source said .
The operation , handled almost entirely from within the White House , had been kept secret from virtually all of the highest officials in the U.S. government -- including top congressional , Pentagon and State Department officials -- at least until recent months , when some officials apparently began to pick up hints of what was going on .
Regan Concerned Over Leaks
News leaks about the operation surfaced last weekend in the Middle East and mushroomed in Britain and the United States this week .
On Wednesday , White House Chief of Staff Donald T. Regan expressed public concern that the reports were endangering American hostages , warning in a broadcast interview that " there are lives at stake here " and that " opportunities can be lost by premature disclosure . "
U.S. officials concluded Wednesday that the publicity , and the resulting uproar in Iran , have dashed all hopes that two other Americans still held in Lebanon by Islamic Jihad might be freed soon , an official said .
The secret dealings between the United States and Iran stand in marked contrast with the stated position of the Reagan Administration , which has frequently denounced Iran as one of the world 's leading sponsors of state - supported terrorism .
Indeed , while the secret exchanges were taking place , the President said repeatedly that the United States would not negotiate with terrorists or pay ransom for the release of American hostages .
In addition , the United States has maintained an arms embargo against Iran since 1979 , when Khomeini 's followers seized the U.S. Embassy and held 52 Americans hostage for 14 months .
Storm of Controversy Due
Disclosure of the arrangement thus raises far - reaching questions about American policy on terrorism , the Middle East and a host of other issues .
And a storm of controversy is likely to ensue , both in and outside the Administration .
Secretary of State George P. Shultz , a leading Administration advocate of a hard - line approach to terrorism and the man whose department has been actively enforcing the ban on weapons shipments to Iran , was " completely cut out " of the hostage negotiations .
His aides are said to be deeply angered by the arrangement .
Secretary of Defense Caspar W. Weinberger , a fierce advocate of American support for Iraq in its long - running war with Iran , was said to have " hit the roof " when news of the shipments reached his desk .
One government official who refused to be identified called the Administration 's decision to aid Iran in its war with Iraq " a major policy shift " that had been undertaken without the usual discussions within the executive branch and with intelligence and military experts in Congress .
Approved by Reagan
The shipments were personally approved by Reagan in apparent contravention of the Export Administration Act , which prohibits the sale of U.S. - made arms to countries that support terrorism .
Reagan himself put Iran on the " terrorist " list in 1981 , and it has remained there .
" The President approved it , " one official said , " and whatever documents were required , the President signed them privately and , like the Pope , kept it in his heart . "
The Times learned of the secret arms shipments to Iran in late October .
To avoid endangering the hostages or jeopardizing their chances for freedom , The Times agreed to withhold news of the operation until all the remaining hostages had been set free or details of the story appeared elsewhere .
U.S. sources say that the secret link to Iran has supplied that nation with what were described as ground - to - ground missiles as well as spare parts for F - 4 Phantom jets , American - made radar systems and C - 130 transport planes and other war materiel .
Weapons From China
The military value of the shipments to the Iranians could not be estimated , but Iran 's air force consists entirely of American - made jets seized from Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi during Khomeini 's rise to power , and its ground equipment was largely U.S. - made until China began supplying weapons in recent years .
The shipments were authorized by the White House , but were carried out by private American carriers under the top - secret direction of the Israeli government , one source said .
Israeli officials involved in the operation in 1985 were identified by sources as then - Prime Minister Shimon Peres and Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin .
Israel , a supporter of Iran in its war with Iraq , frequently has been accused of -- and has heatedly denied -- that it was illegally exporting U.S. arms to Iran .
Rabin told The Times in a September interview that " Israel is committed not to resell any American arms or even American components of Israeli - made arms without explicit U.S. permission .
" And we have kept this commitment through the years , " he said .
" If you can give me one example through the history of our relations that Israel sold ( even ) a wing that was produced in the United States without American approval , I 'll swallow everything . "
Israeli Shipments Approved
In fact , the United States had approved such Israeli shipments , and at least one was in progress at roughly the time Rabin talked with a Times reporter , sources said .
Israel 's motivation for serving as an intermediary is not clear .
However , according to court records in a federal arms smuggling case in New York , Israeli officials early this year sought Iranian help in freeing Israeli soldiers believed held in Lebanon .
In January , the names of Zecharya Baumel , Zvi Feldman and Yehuda Katz , all missing since a battle near Sultan Yaakoub on June 11 , 1982 , and Samir Asad , reported captured near Sidon in April , 1983 , were turned over to a cousin of Hashemi Rafsanjani , the Speaker of the Iranian Parliament .
The cousin , Cyrus Hashemi , was posing as a prospective Iranian buyer of U.S. - made arms from Israel .
In fact , he was a acting as an undercover informant in a U.S. Customs Service conspiracy investigation that ultimately led to the arrest of retired Israeli Gen.
Avraham Bar - Am and 10 others on charges of violating U.S. export laws .
The case , widely criticized in Israel , is awaiting trial .
No Markings on Aircraft
Former Iranian President Abolhassan Bani-Sadr , now exiled in Paris , said on ABC's " Night Line " program Wednesday that in early September he learned through his own sources that " an American airplane with no markings did in fact deliver spare parts to Iran . "
A similar delivery took place in August of this year , Bani -Sadr claimed .
In September , the Danish Sailors Union claimed that a ship from Denmark had carried at least 3,600 tons of American - made weapons to Iran from Israel between May and August of this year .
Union spokesman Henrik Berlau said that the Danish freighter Ilse TH had carried four 900 - ton shipments from the Israeli port of Eilat to the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas .
" We have the documentation , the log and the testimony of the sailors on board .
We have the exact dates .
There is absolutely no doubt , " Berlau said .
Shipments Began in 1985
The arms shipments apparently began at least a year earlier .
On Sept. 15 , 1985 , a DC - 8 cargo jet took off from Iran after delivering weapons to the Khomeini regime and landed in Israel -- just a day after Shia terrorists released Weir .
Israeli officials denied for two days that the plane was there , then acknowledged that the jet had landed .
Air traffic controllers in Ankara , Turkey , and Beirut told reporters that the plane had reported its destination as Malaga , Spain , but then reported communications problems and headed for Tel Aviv .
The plane , identified by Turkish officials as U.S. - owned , carried the markings of International Airlines Support Group , Inc. , of Miami .
Richard Wellman , a spokesman for the company , told the Associated Press that the company had sold the plane to a firm called International Air Tourism of Nigeria .
That plane is now believed to have carried a weapons shipment to Iran that had originated in Israel .
It was presumed , but could not be confirmed , that a similar planeload of arms earlier in544499813 Jenco last July .
Helped Resolve Hijacking
It is not clear whether other shipments have been made in exchange for Iranian aid in stemming the tide of Shia - backed terrorism .
However , the Iranian government played a role in ending the hostage crisis of June 14 , 1985 , when pro-Iranian Lebanese Muslim terrorists seized a Trans World Airways jet en route from Athens to Rome that was later diverted to Beirut .
The United States had asked Syria to intercede to free the hostages but only when Iran made its views known were the hostages freed .
Since that incident , Shultz has said several times that the United States has maintained informal contacts with the Iranians .
The decision to create a secret " back channel " for dealings with the Khomeini government , however , appears to have been undertaken without Shultz 's knowledge and outside the usual interagency consultations that accompany major foreign - policy shifts .
State , Defense , Treasury and other Cabinet - level departments were totally unaware of the operation until hints of the shipments began to circulate at high levels shortly after McFarlane left the White House last December .
It could not be learned when Shultz and Weinberger were informed of the secret channel with Iran .
One senior State Department official who deals with Iranian issues told The Times on Wednesday that " we 've had a sense that some of this might have been going on , but we were informed of none of it .
" Our job was to enforce the ( arms ) embargo as best we could and we believed we were doing a good job of it .
We believed the policy was showing increasing success . "
Comments From Speakes
White House spokesman Larry Speakes maintained the facade of that policy Tuesday , saying that " as long as Iran advocates the use of terrorism , the U.S. arms embargo will continue . "
Asked whether the Administration believes Iran now has reduced its support for terrorism , Speakes replied : " There has been no manifestation of a definitive change . "
One U.S. official said , however , that the arms shipments carry " fairly enormous implications " for an American policy that has castigated other nations for dealing with known terrorists .
Times staff writer William C. Rempel contributed to this story from Los Angeles .
At the Winter Television Critics Assocation meetings , Fox president Kevin Reilly revealed that while “ Fringe ” has seen a dip in its ratings this season , the network is still behind the show ’s move to Thursday and the show itself .
According to Reilly , the show will stay in its Thursday timeslot for the rest of the season and it ’s under strong consideration for a third season .
“ We ’re up 52 percent on Thursday nights , ” he says .
“ We wanted to get into business with quality shows on Thursday nights which was important .
It ’s done its job .
Frankly , all we heard from the fans is how much they love it this season , but they ’re frustrated because they have other shows to watch .
It is disappointing .
I feel they ’ve hit a stride creatively .
I wish the ratings were higher , but frankly , we ’re going to keep it right where it is , because it ’s doing a job for us . ”
He says that he feels strongly about not moving the show out of its current time slot because “ I do n’t like moving shows all over the place . ”
He says that the network decided to compact the season and run the final ten episodes with no interruption to build on the momentum of the series as it moves toward the season finale .
As far as a third season , Reilly says the they ’re really committed to the show .
“ They ’re in a creative groove and we ’re thrilled with the show , ” says Reilly .
“ We have a great relationship with the producers and they ’re delivering a quality show , and it ’s got an audience .
And if you look at the live seven numbers , the audiences have n’t left it behind , they ’re just watching it on their DVR . ”
You must download the latest version of Flash player here in order to view this feature .
The SarcMark is a $ 2 downloadable punctuation mark that denotes sarcasm .
What a great idea ! @
( I was too cheap to download the real thing )
The official , easy - to - use punctuation mark to emphasize a sarcastic phrase , sentence or message .
Once downloaded to your computer or cell phone , it 's a quick key - stroke or two to insert the sign where you want , when you want , in your communications with the world .
Never again be misunderstood !
Never again waste a good sarcastic line on someone who does n't get it !
I do n't know about you , but I 'm from the school of " if you can't tell I 'm being sarcastic without a special symbol , you do n't deserve to know " .
Thank God only the best and brightest read Geekologie , amirite ? @
Hit the jump for a painful - ass video .
Official Site
Thanks to tsholl , who refuses to use punctuation even if his life depends on it .
If there were ever a quintessential example of Oscar hysteria , it 's the past week of loopy media coverage reacting to a storm of criticism directed at " The Hurt Locker , " Kathryn Bigelow 's taut Iraq war thriller that had in recent weeks become a leading contender to win the Oscar for best picture this Sunday .
Everyone likes to take pot shots at the Oscar front - runner .
It 's happened over and over in year 's past , from a fusillade of attacks on the credibility of " A Beautiful Mind " a decade ago to a string of accusations against " Slumdog Millionaire " for its treatment of its Indian actors last year .
It 's worth noting that both films won anyway .
But I have to admit that I 'm taking this year 's media hysteria a little more personally , since my newspaper has somehow been cast as the bad guy , being the subject of charges that it has been manipulated by dark forces -- i.e. Harvey Weinstein -- in a supposed effort to harm " The Hurt Locker 's " Oscar hopes .
Of course , many of " The Hurt Locker 's " wounds have been self - inflicted .
Nicolas Chartier , one of the film 's producers , was disciplined by the academy the other day after sending out an unbelievably dumb e-mail to academy members , urging them to vote for his film rather than a " $ 500 million " behemoth -- an obvious reference to " Avatar , " its arch Oscar rival .
The " Hurt Locker " team is also now being sued by Jeffrey Sarver , an army sergeant who alleges that the film 's main character , played by Jeremy Renner , was largely based on Sarver 's own exploits in Iraq , pointing to the fact that Sarver was the focus of a lengthy Playboy story about bomb disposal experts in Iraq written by " Hurt Locker " screenwriter Mark Boal .
But what really got the blogosphere frothing at the mouth was an in - depth Feb. 26 front - page news story in the L.A.
Times that quoted a variety of U.S. soldiers and bomb disposal experts criticizing the veracity of some of the film 's scenes .
Although the story also included high praise for the film from no less than Defense Secretary Robert Gates , it also had some explosive criticism from real - life EOD technicians , with one Iraq vet scoffing at a scene in which a bomb is defused with wire cutters , saying " it 's similar to having a firefighter go into a building with a squirt bottle . "
Most media observers instantly interpreted the story -- written by a three - person team , including an entertainment reporter , a Pentagon correspondent and a Baghdad - based war correspondent -- as an awards season hit piece designed to hurt the film 's credibility with Oscar voters ( even though the piece was published only days before the Oscar ballot deadline , after most members had likely filed their picks ) .
Movieline 's S.T. VanAirsdale offered a typical take on the piece , referring to as a " curiously timed dispatch , " adding that while no one was second - guessing the Iraq soldiers ' complaints about the film , " I 'll totally second - guess the editors who seem to have left the ' Additional reporting by Harvey Weinstein in Baghdad ' credit off the story . "
It has a clever ring to it , but what evidence does VanAirsdale have that Weinstein had anything to do with the story ?
Ahem .
None at all .
VanAirsdale just tosses it out there because it has a nice ring to it .
Meanwhile , The Wrap 's Steve Pond has now weighed in , claiming that The TImes has published 11 stories in four days casting " The Hurt Locker " in a negative light .
Of course , many of those " stories " were blog posts from our Oscar bloggers , who churn out posts at the speed of light , so it 's hardly a surprise to find that -- especially with a huge lawsuit and an academy punishment of one of the film 's producers making news -- that we'd have generated a lot of coverage .
Pond insinuates that the newspaper has some sort of campaign against the film .
But when it comes to producing evidence , he has none .
Zip. Nada .
It makes his coverage feel just like all the usual whispering campaigns that Oscar consultants have used in the past to bash previous front - runners .
The most depressing aspect of this whole imbroglio is that for all the reams of copy that been churned out about The Times ' supposed campaign against " The Hurt Locker , " no one bothered to mention that the paper has also written reams of stories casting the film in a favorable light , starting with this piece out of the Toronto Film Festival in 2008 , and most recently a Feb. 28 front - page Sunday Calendar story that offered a glowing appreciation of Bigelow 's work as a filmmaker .
Bigelow was also the subject of another highly complimentary cover story in The Envelope , our paper 's Oscar season weekly .
Equally dispiriting is the fact that none of these hapless second - guessers ever did any leg work to find out how the paper 's front - page story about the film 's accuracy came about in the first place .
If they 'd bothered to ask , they would 've learned that the day after " The Hurt Locker " won its BAFTA Award , making it really look like the awards - season film to beat , the paper 's top editors had a Monday - morning news meeting where one of the editors essentially asked a question that the paper had never fully answered -- what does the military , including boots - on - the - ground soldiers in Iraq , think of the movie ?
Three of our top reporters , including one of our Baghdad correspondents , set to work trying to come up with some answers , which resulted in our front - page story .
It remains the most in - depth piece written about the film 's complex mixture of questionable dramatic license and vivid authenticity , but if you only read the Oscar season 's blogosphere chattering class , you 'd think it was part of a deep , dark plot to bring the movie down .
It just goes to show -- when it comes to awards season reporting , why would any of the Oscar pundits ever let the facts get in the way when they could indulge in crackpot conspiracy theories ?
Photo from " The Hurt Locker " from Summit Entertainment
Wikileaks presents a " threat to the U.S. Army " and publishes " potentially actionable information " for targeting military personnel , according to a classified intelligence report posted Monday on the whistleblowing site .
The 32 - page report entitled Wikileaks.org – An Online Reference to Foreign Intelligence Services , Insurgents , or Terrorist Groups ? ( . pdf ) indicates the government 's concern that " current employees or moles " within the Defense Department or the U.S. government " are providing sensitive or classified information to Wikileaks . "
To stop this , the 2008 report had suggested a campaign to expose and punish those who leak to the site , which was founded in 2007 by Chinese dissidents , journalists and mathematicians .
" Wikileaks.org uses trust as a center of gravity by assuring insiders , leakers , and whistleblowers who pass information to Wikileaks.org personnel or who post information to the website that they will remain anonymous , " according to the report .
" The identification , exposure , or termination of employment of or legal actions against current or former insiders , leakers , or whistleblowers could damage or destroy this center of gravity and deter others from using Wikileaks.org to make such information public . "
The document is classified Secret , and was produced by the Army Counterintelligence Center , under the Department of Defense Intelligence Analysis Program .
It appears to underscore the military 's alarm that Wikileaks might be used to reveal United States military secrets , or broadcast disinformation harmful to the U.S .
Neither Wikileaks editor Julian Assange nor the Defense Department immediately responded for comment .
The report , which could not be independently verified , said Wikileaks " could be of value to foreign intelligence and security services ( FISS ) , foreign military forces , foreign insurgents , and foreign terrorist groups for collecting information or for planning attacks against U.S. forces , both within the United State and abroad . "
The report added that the site " could be used to post fabricated information ; to post misinformation , disinformation , and propaganda ; or to conduct perception management and influence operations designed to convey a negative message to those who view or retrieve information from the website . "
Run by Sunshine Press , Wikileaks has received awards from Amnesty International and has been praised by media groups and others for giving whistleblowers and political dissidents a forum to expose corruption and foster transparency .
Notable leaks include the 238 - page U.S. military manual detailing operations of the Defense Department ’s Guantánamo Bay detention facility , and a Central Intelligence Agency manual for operating the CIA ’s rendition flights , which involved undocumented detainees who were kidnapped in various locations and flown to countries outside the United States for interrogation and torture .
See Also :
Victorian homes are being invaded by black Portuguese millipedes revelling in ideal conditions created by recent rains .
The critters are being seen in their largest numbers in eight years , says Melbourne Zoo 's invertebrates specialist , Patrick Honan .
The recent wet weather had created an abundance of food for the imported pest , which was accidentally introduced to Adelaide in 1953 and has now spread across southern Australia .
" They increase in numbers every autumn and every spring across most of southern Australia , but in Victoria this year we have had a particularly wet patch and that really encourages them .
This would be the worst we have seen for seven to eight years , " Mr Honan said .
He said the millipedes , which are smooth and cylindrical and between 2-4.5 cm long , secreted the chemical hydrogen cyanide when they were disturbed or squashed .
Billboard reports that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is forcing Ticketmaster to repay " upward of a million dollars " to Bruce Springsteen fans who were mislead and ripped off while buying Bruce concert tickets last year .
Ticketmaster was busted selling " phantom tickets " and redirecting buyers to their own professional scalping site TicketsNow .
According to Billboard , FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz said Ticketmaster " has not admitted to any wrongdoing as part of the settlement , " which makes no sense .
In other , less heartening Ticketmaster - related news , the U.S. Department of Justice recently OK'd a merger between the company and fellow concert behemoth Live Nation .
So next time something like this happens , something called Live Nation Entertainment will have to pay out the cash .
Detroit , Michigan ( CNN ) --
Federal authorities decided to arrest members of the Hutaree militia group upon learning they were planning an exercise in April that might have included violence , a federal prosecutor said Tuesday .
" They talked about doing a covert reconnaissance exercise , " said Barbara McQuade , U.S. attorney for the eastern district of Michigan , in an interview with CNN's Drew Griffin .
" And they did also say that , in connection with the exercise , if they came upon anyone from the public or law enforcement who kind of stumbled upon them in the midst of this exercise , they were prepared to kill them . "
That moved authorities to act , she said .
The militia members ' ultimate plan , she said , was to call 911 reporting a fake emergency and then to kill the police officer who responded .
They then planned to kill more police by attacking the funeral procession using improvised explosive devices , she said .
The indictment says those IEDS constitute weapons of mass destruction .
McQuade emphasized that the arrests are not an attack on militia groups in general .
" In Michigan , we have militia groups that are peaceful , that are exercising their right to bear arms , " she said .
" We have no problem with those groups . "
But the Hutaree members ' conduct " really crossed the line , " she said .
" They advocated that government was their enemy and that federal , state and local police officers were their foot soldiers and they refer to them as ' The Brotherhood ' and they needed to attack the brotherhood because it was the brotherhood who was carrying out the orders of the government in the ' New World Order . ' "
The nine militia members charged in an indictment represent the core group , she said .
Others participated in training but did not engage in criminal activity , she said .
Federal authorities on Monday charged nine Hutaree militia members in connection with the alleged plot .
The group says on its Web site that Hutaree means " Christian warrior " and proclaims on its home page , " Preparing for the end time battles to keep the testimony of Jesus Christ alive . "
But members of the group are outside the mainstream , a member of another militia group said Tuesday .
" This is a group that I would classify as neither a militia or a Christian group , " said Michael Lackomar , a member of the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia .
" They 're more of a private army or a terrorist organization or really just a criminal organization . "
Lackomar told CNN's " American Morning " on Tuesday that five Hutaree members sought refuge this past weekend with a Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia leader because they knew that federal authorities were looking for them .
The Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia member advised the Hutaree members to turn themselves in so no one would get hurt , Lackomar said .
Federal authorities arrested eight Hutaree members over the weekend .
The ninth was arrested Monday night .
The nine -- six residents of Michigan , two of Ohio and one of Indiana -- were indicted by a federal grand jury here on charges of seditious conspiracy , attempted use of weapons of mass destruction , teaching the use of explosive materials and possessing a firearm during a crime of violence , McQuade and FBI Special Agent in Charge Andrew Arena said .
The five - count indictment unsealed Monday charges that the plot started in August 2008 .
Attorney General Eric Holder called it " an insidious plan by anti-government extremists . "
In the " About Us " section of the Hutaree Web site , the group says , " We believe that one day , as prophecy says , there will be an Anti-Christ .
All Christians must know this and prepare , just as Christ commanded . "
The suspects were identified as militia leader David Brian Stone , 45 ; his wife , Tina Stone , 44 ; his son , Joshua Matthew Stone , 21 , of Clayton , Michigan ; another son , David Brian Stone Jr. , 19 , of Adrian , Michigan ; Joshua Clough , 28 , of Blissfield , Michigan ; Michael Meeks , 40 , of Manchester , Michigan ; Thomas Piatek , 46 , of Whiting , Indiana ; Kristopher Sickles , 27 , of Sandusky , Ohio ; and Jacob Ward , 33 , of Huron , Ohio .
Read the indictment ( PDF )
A bond hearing was set for 1 p.m. Wednesday .
A court - appointed counsel was to be assigned to the seven suspects who were in court Monday because none of them had lawyers .
The indictment says Hutaree leader David Brian Stone obtained information about IEDs over the Internet and e-mailed diagrams to a person he believed could manufacture them .
He then had one of his sons , Joshua Matthew Stone , and others gather materials necessary to manufacture IEDs , the indictment alleges .
Joshua Matthew Stone is being held without bail by the U.S. Marshals until his arraignment , slated for 1 p.m. Wednesday .
He and the eight others are charged with seditious conspiracy , attempted use of weapons of mass destruction , teaching the use of explosive materials and possessing a firearm during a crime of violence .
According to the indictment , David Brian Stone and David Brian Stone Jr. taught other Hutaree members in June how to make and use explosive devices .
In addition , the grand jury charged all nine defendants with carrying or possessing a firearm during a crime of violence on at least one occasion .
The Southern Poverty Law Center , a nonprofit organization that monitors hate groups and other fringe organizations , lists the Hutaree as a " Patriot " group militia .
" Generally , Patriot groups define themselves as opposed to the ' New World Order , ' engage in groundless conspiracy theorizing or advocate or adhere to extreme anti-government doctrines , " the Law Center said in a report , " Rage on the Right : The Year in Hate and Extremism . "
The Law Center also defines Patriot groups as " militias and other organizations that see the federal government as part of a plot to impose ' one - world government ' on liberty - loving Americans . "
Mention of the Hutaree comes in the Law Center 's list : " Active ' Patriot ' Groups in the United States in 2009 . "
CNN 's Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .
This is a blog about the Open Source , Java based Rules Engine DTRules .
You can learn more about DTRules here on this blog , or by visiting the Project website at http://DTRules.com
March 26 , 2010  --
Newly unearthed comments reveal how Oscar - winning actress Sandra Bullock really feels about cheating spouses as more women claim to have had affairs with her husband , Jesse James .
When " The Insider " asked Bullock about her thoughts on Tiger Woods ' infidelities at the People 's Choice Awards Jan. 6 , she replied , " If I were [ Tiger 's wife ] Elin [ Nordegren ] , man , I would have hit a lot more than she did .
I would have kept hitting . "
Bullock was referring to reports that Nordegren wielded a golf club at Woods the night of his November car crash , which led to the uncovering of his multiple affairs .
( Both Woods and his wife have vehemently denied the golf club rumors . )
" Yeah , she stopped , she was respectable , " Bullock continued .
" I 'd get the baseball bat , I 'd get everything out . "
Meanwhile , James ' marital troubles continue to grow .
Three women have now come forward claiming they had affairs with the custom motorcycle builder while he was married to Bullock .
In addition , details of a 2007 sexual harassment case he settled with a female employee who claimed James made repeated sexual advances , including sexual acts , toward her , have also surfaced .
Gloria Allred , whose firm represented the former high - level executive at James ' custom bike shop West Coast Choppers who alleged harassment , declined to comment to ABCNews.com .
James ' rep also declined to comment to ABCNews.com .
The former executive claimed the harassment took place between 2006 and 2007 , a year after James married Bullock , 45 , according to TMZ , which said it obtained a copy of the settlement documents .
In one suggestive e-mail that is purportedly between the two and TMZ said is included in the file , James , 40 , wrote , " Need anything before I split ? "
The woman responded , " Some Tums . "
James replied , " I have some special fluid that you can drink and it makes it all better . "
TMZ reported that the former executive also claims she kept a T - shirt with evidence of a sexual encounter with James .
The employee quit in 2007 and hired Allred 's firm to represent her .
No lawsuit was filed but the woman settled the matter with James later that year for $ 725,000 .
According to TMZ , in the settlement documents , James neither admitted nor denied the allegations .
James and his troubled marriage have been under scrutiny since last week when tattoo model Michelle " Bombshell " McGee went public with what she claimed was an 11 - month affair with James .
A second woman , stripper Melissa Smith , has claimed she had a two - year affair with the celebrity biker starting in 2006 .
Like McGee , Smith is heavily tattooed .
Smith has said that after she traveled to California to meet James , they began a sexual relationship that continued for two years .
Women Come out of the Woodwork
A day after Smith came forward , a third woman claimed she had a brief affair with James .
Los Angeles photographer Brigitte Daguerre told TMZ she was hired by James in 2008 for a photo shoot .
She said they had sex four times but e-mailed and sent racy texts for a year .
One woman who is not surprised by the claims of infidelity is James ' second wife , former porn star Janine Lindemulder .
Lindemulder has been engaged in a bitter months - long custody battle with James over their 6 - year - old daughter , Sunny .
James was awarded custody in December , but another hearing is scheduled for June , and Lindemulder 's new husband reportedly believes that recent revelations about James could impact the case .
Lindemulder told In Touch magazine that James is a " chronic cheater . "
" I feel sorry for Sandra because she was so in love with Jesse that she was blind and gullible , " said Lindemulder , 41 , who remains in a halfway house in Oregon after serving time for tax evasion . "
" [ Bullock ] once said , ' I finally have a man who has my back . '
And all I could think was , ' No , you have this man who does it behind your back , ' " she said .
Lindemulder said James even continued to pursue her after he began dating Bullock .
She rebuffed his advances but said she had phone sex with him .
" His famous line was , ' Tell me something nice , ' " she said .
" He would say he'd had a rough day and wanted you to tell him something nice .
It was hard to say no to the guy . "
US Weekly said James ' infidelity was an open secret at West Coast Choppers .
An unnamed source told the magazine that the reality star would regularly post Internet ads searching for women .
Another source added , " He sees their photos , answers the ads and invites the girls to his office . "
Apparently , Bullock remained in the dark until now .
" He is a whole other person when they 're together , " a source told US .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It soon becomes clear that the giant salamander has hit Claude Gascon 's enthusiasm button smack on the nose .
" This is a dinosaur , this is amazing , " he enthuses .
" We 're talking about salamanders that usually fit in the palm of your hand .
This one will chop your hand off . "
As a leader of Conservation International 's ( CI ) scientific programmes , and co-chair of the Amphibian Specialist Group with the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , Dr Gascon has seen a fair few frogs and salamanders in his life ; but little , he says , to compare with this .
The skeleton of this species is almost identical to that of the fossil from 30 million years ago ; therefore it 's called the ' living fossil '
Dr Takeyoshi Tochimoto
Fortunately for all of our digits , this particular giant salamander is in no position to chop off anything , trapped in a tank in the visitors ' centre in Maniwa City , about 800 km west of Tokyo .
But impressive it certainly is : about 1.7 m ( 5ft 6 in ) long , covered in a leathery skin that speaks of many decades passed , with a massive gnarled head covered in tubercles whose presumed sensitivity to motion probably helped it catch fish by the thousand over its lifetime .
If local legend is to be believed , though , this specimen is a mere tadpole compared with the biggest ever seen around Maniwa .
A 17th Century tale , related to us by cultural heritage officer Takashi Sakata , tells of a salamander ( or hanzaki , in local parlance ) 10 m long that marauded its way across the countryside chomping cows and horses in its tracks .
The hanzaki shrine is an attempt to make up for a mythical killing A local hero was found , one Mitsui Hikoshiro , who allowed the hanzaki to swallow him whole along with his trusty sword - which implement he then used , in the best heroic tradition , to rend the beast from stem to stern .
It proved not to be such a good move , however .
Crops failed , people started dying in mysterious ways - including Mr Hikoshiro himself .
Pretty soon the villagers drew the obvious conclusion that the salamander 's spirit was wreaking revenge from beyond the grave , and must be placated .
That is why Maniwa City boasts a shrine to the hanzaki .
The story illustrates the cultural importance that this remarkable creature has in some parts of Japan .
Its scientific importance , meanwhile , lies in two main areas : its " living fossil " identity , and its apparently peaceful co-existence with the chytrid fungus that has devastated so many other amphibian species from Australia to the Andes .
Close family " The skeleton of this species is almost identical to that of the fossil from 30 million years ago , " recounts Takeyoshi Tochimoto , director of the Hanzaki Institute near Hyogo .
" Therefore it 's called the ' living fossil ' . "
The hanzaki ( Andrias japonicus ) only has two close living relatives : the Chinese giant salamander ( A. davidianus ) , which is close enough in size and shape and habits that the two can easily cross-breed , and the much smaller hellbender ( Cryptobranchus alleganiensis ) of the south - eastern US .
Creatures rather like these were certainly around when dinosaurs dominated life on land , and fossils of the family have been found much further afield than their current tight distribution - in northern Europe , certainly , where scientists presumed the the lineages had gone extinct until tales of the strange Oriental forms made their way back to the scientific burghers of Vienna and Leiden a couple of centuries ago .
" They are thought to be extremely primitive species , partly due to the fact that they are the only salamanders that have external fertilisation , " says Don Church , a salamander specialist with CI .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The fertilisation ritual must be quite some sight .
Into a riverbank den that is usually occupied by the dominant male ( the " den- master " ) swim several females , and also a few other males .
The den-master and the females release everything they have got , turning incessantly to stir the eggs and spermatozoa round in a roiling mass .
Maybe the lesser males sneak in a package or two as well ; their function in the ménage - a- many is not completely clear .
They have bacteria living on their skin that produce peptides that are lethal to the amphibian chytrid fungus
Don Church , Conservation International
When the waters still , everyone but the den-master leaves ; and he alone guards the nest and its juvenile brood .
It is not an ideal method of reproduction .
Research shows that genetic diversity among the hanzaki is smaller than it might be , partly as a result of the repeated polygamy , which in turn leaves them more prone to damage through environmental change .
But for the moment , it seems to work .
Outside the breeding season , the salamander 's life appears to consist of remaining as inconspicuous as possible in the river ( whether hiding in leaves , as the small ones do , or under the riverbanks like their larger fellows ) and snapping whatever comes within reach , their usual meandering torpor transformed in an instant as the smell of a fish brushes by .
The adults ' jaws are not to be treated lightly .
Among Dr Tochimoto's extensive collection of photos is one of bloodied human hands ; and as he warns : " you may be attacked and injured ; please be careful " .
The giant Maniwa hanzaki brought gasps from experienced amphibian - watchers
When the chytrid fungus was identified just over a decade ago , indications were that Japan would be an unlikely place to look for its origins .
With the discovery of chytrid on museum specimens of the African clawed frog ( Xenopus laevis ) , an out - of - Africa migration spurred by human transportation of amphibians once seemed the simple likelihood .
But just last year , a team of researchers led by Koichi Goka from Japan 's National Institute for Environmental Studies published research showing that certain strains of chytrid were present on Japanese giant salamanders , and only on Japanese giant salamanders , including museum specimens from a century or so back ; and that the relationship seemed benign .
AMPHIBIANS : A QUICK GUIDE
First true amphibians evolved about 250 m years ago
There are three orders : frogs ( including toads ) , salamanders ( including newts ) and caecilians , which are limbless Adapted to many different aquatic and terrestrial habitats Present today on every continent except Antarctica Many undergo metamorphosis , from larvae to adults
The hanzaki - loving strains of chytrid appear to differ from those that are proving so virulent to amphibians now .
Unravelling all that , says Don Church , might tell us something about the origins and spread of chytrid - and there is so much diversity among Japanese chytrid strains that the country is now being touted as a possible origin , as diversity often implies a long evolutionary timeframe .
More importantly , the discovery might also provide options for treating the infection .
" In the case of the North American salamanders , what was found was that they have bacteria living on their skin that produce peptides that are lethal to the amphibian chytrid fungus , " says Dr Church .
" And those bacteria might be able to be transplanted to other species that can't fight off the fungus . "
This is a line of research that is very much in play in laboratories around the world .
It appears likely now that studies of the Japanese giant salamander can expand the number of chytrid - fighting bacteria known to science , and so extend the options for developing treatments for an infection that currently cannot be controlled in the wild .
But that can only come to pass if the giant salamanders endure ; something that is not guaranteed , with the challenges they face in modern Japan including , perhaps , new strains of chytrid itself .
There is as yet no modern hero able to still the pace of habitat loss or prevent invasion from rival species .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Again and again , human beings have shown off their willingness to pierce , poke and alter every facet of their bodies .
Currently , tattoos and certain piercings are seen as utterly socially acceptable , and no - one blinks twice if your barista has 8 earrings and full sleeve tattoos .
But some people take it to the next level , with bodymods that stretch belief and might fire up your gag reflex .
Here are 13 of the craziest body mods ( which do n’t involve genitalia , because that would just be too easy ) .
13 . Black Light Tattoo
So what do you do if you want a tattoo but you do n’t want it to be highly visible ?
If you ’re a normal person , you get it put somewhere discreet , and it ’s not an issue .
If you ’re someone who tends to hang around places where the music repetitively goes oons - oons - oons , and look fondly back on the 90s , then you get a blacklight tattoo .
Much as the name suggests , blacklight tattoos only show up under black light , meaning they look like a very faint scar most of the time .
However , once you get into the club with the rest of your raver friends , the ink glows .
It ’s a cool effect , but I wonder if the glow degrades over time .
12 . Corset Piercing
This bodymod is high on the list because , well , because it ’s actually kinda hot .
Two rows of piercings run down the back , and then a piece of ribbon is threaded through them .
This duplicates the look of the ties on a corset , which has definite aesthetic appeal .
Which is doubtless boosted by its usual appearance on the backs of young , attractive women .
The downside ?
Whenever I see one , I just get a horrible mental image of someone ripping the whole thing out .
11 . Implanted Magnets
Another one that ’s kinda cool .
Implanting magnets under your skin , which not only lets you pick up metal objects , but gives you a minor 6th sense .
Reportedly , once you ’ve implanted the small and powerful objects , you can detect live wires , feel your hard drive spin up , or sense security systems .
The magnets are implanted into your fingertip , and when you cross a magnetic field they oscillate slightly , creating a buzzing sensation .
As far as bodymods go , it ’s a fair bit more practical than most .
The downside ?
The silicon sleeve used to separate your body from the magnet has a tendency to rupture , which leads to the magnet breaking down inside you .
10 . The Giant Labret
The labret is a fairly common piercing , one which is beneath your lower lip , and is often seen as a stud or spike .
It ’s remarkably common , and you probably know someone who has one .
So what happens when someone does to the labret piercing as they do to their ears , and start to stretch the hole .
And , after it gets big enough , they stick a clear plastic plug in it .
You get an unparalleled look at the person ’s gumline , and I ’m sure more than just a couple of really , really odd glances .
Looking at that , and seeing how much it alters the shape of the lower lip , you have to wonder if it makes eating difficult .
9. Microdermal Implants
So you want a piece of metal sticking straight out of your body ?
But you do n’t want to shove a piece of metal deep into your muscle structure ?
Well , lucky for you , there ’s a middle - ground .
A microdermal implant sticks a small L - shaped bracket into your skin , which leaves just a tiny stud of metal protruding .
With this hook , you can stick on all types of studs , jewels , and various spikey shaped things .
As far as implants go , it ’s relatively non-invasive and wo n’t go too deep .
You ’re still sticking hooks under your skin though .
8. Ear Spiking
There are only two types of people who would get their ears modified to look like this : hardcore fantasy fans , or hardcore Star Trek fans .
Neither of whom are usually the primary demographic for extensive body modification , especially ones that involve removing large chunks of flesh .
But I ’m not one to judge .
So if you ’re of the type where you think your life would be immeasurably improved by having ears that come to a sharp point , then maybe this is for you .
So how is this achieved ?
Well , you take your ear , carve a wedge of flesh and cartilage out of it and then strap it back together .
You keep it bandaged that way for some time until it heals enough that it wo n’t rip itself to shreds as soon it becomes unstrapped .
Then you have a spiky set of ears !
7. Scarification
Scarification scares me more than almost anything else , but mostly because I find the results oddly attractive .
What happens with this procedure , is that you peel off large sections of someone skin in a specific pattern , revealing the tissue beneath .
Once this area heals , it will cover with scar tissue , which will be a different color and texture from the surrounding skin .
As crazy and gruesome as this is , some people take it a step further , and deliberately aggravate the wound , preventing it from healing normally .
This causes greater swelling in the scar tissue and creates more defined results .
The whole process is extremely bloody and looks more painful than I care to fathom .
But I kinda think it looks hot .
6. Saline Inflation
So you want giant lumpy bits added to your body , but do n’t want them to be permanent ?
You still want to look like you got stung by some sort of mutant bee , and have swelling that would make any sane doctor run in terror ?
Well , how about injecting large amounts of saline solution into your face , and then making divots with your thumb on it ?
All the cool Japanese are doing it !
Now , I would like to digress here for a second , and mention that there ’s an entire group of people who like doing this exact same thing , but to their testicles .
Seeing as we ’re trying to keep this list at least vaguely PG - 13 , we wo n’t show any of the images , but it ’s pretty horrific .
At least saline inflations disappear after a while …
5. Subdermal Implants
But subdermal implants are here to stay !
A subdermal implant involves inserting a large object under the skin , and then leaving it to heal .
The shape of implant then shows through the skin , creating a raised and slightly terrifying resulting effect .
It ’s not often in life you ’ll run into someone with devil horns or detailed beaded patterns protruding under their skin , and it ’s certainly a dramatic look .
Subdermal implants are still rare enough that you ’ll probably face a fair amount of social ostracization because of it , but hey , what price is art ?
4. Suspension
Suspension is n’t so much a single modification , as a religious experience associated with the bodymod world .
People who are into suspension literally hang themselves off hooks , usually through the skin of their back .
The hooks are inserted just prior to the act itself , meaning the piercings are always fresh , and the person is hoisted up .
The hooks must be carefully placed , taking into account the weight of the subject , and their skin ’s strength , because if there are n’t a sufficient number of the piercings , then the skin wo n’t take the weight , and will rip out .
Suspension is never undertaken with anesthesia , as the practitioners feel this would diminish the importance of the act .
It ’s an intensely spiritual performance for most people , who see it as a form of meditation .
Me , I ’m just terrified of the whole concept !
3. Split Tongue
You know how snakes have split tongues .
Do you want one ?
Do you yearn with the desire to separately control the left and right halves of your tongue ?
To slither them around various objects , and creep people out ?
To give the heebie - jeebies to the general populace ?
All you have to do is split your tongue down the middle — known as bifurcation — and then stitch it up again to let it heal .
In doing so , you ’ll get the tool you ’ve always wanted to strike fear into the hearts of children .
2. Burning
So , remember when I talked about how scarification could have visually impressive results ?
Well , what happens when you take that process , remove any chance of it looking good , and add an even stronger undercurrent of self harm ?
Welcome to the world of self - inflicted burn wounds .
The burning is done by cigarette .
Slowly .
And repeatedly .
Over the course of a long , long time .
That ’s right , it says “ love hurts ” .
And it ’s almost entirely illegible .
That ’s just screwed up .
1. Eye Tattoos
AAAHH ! AAAAH ! AAAAAAAH !
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT !
Holy crap , that ’s just screwed up !
That ’s right , these folks are getting tattoo ink injected into their eyeballs , effectively dying it blue .
There is only one situation where I want to see someone with all - blue eyes , and that ’s if they ’re Fremen .
Apparently getting the ink shoved into your eyeball is relatively painless , but I do n’t care .
That ’s just weird , creepy , nasty , and all - around unpleasant .
Some people ca n’t stand the idea of having anything near their eyes .
Think about them seeing a needle coming towards their eyes .
Hell , I went through LASIK surgery , I ’ve had weird things done to my orbs .
But this ?
This is just gross .
What to do with the top - right window space : Esfera
Moved in a semicircle from right to left : the window is turned , and the back of it is shown to the user .
The back of a window is a new UI concept ...
The idea is that we have a ' front ' side of a window , which is what we normally see , and a ' back ' side , which offers some possibilities that there is no space to display in the front side .
The Ubuntu " Ayatana " mailing list is discussing a proposal from Pablo Quirós for a new user interface element to put in the upper right corner of windows which has been recently vacated on Ubuntu systems .
The " Esfera " is a large circle which is used to implement a number of gesture - oriented features ; details can be found in this PDF file .
" Log in to post comments )
I think it is from the small book for the recruitment of new employees at Nintendo for this year .
Every company here in Japan makes these kinds of pamphlets to attract universities students to apply for a job at their company .
I actually have the one for last year ( got it at my school ) , but I was disappointed they did n't send us the one for this yearGotta find a way to get it !!!
The one I had was printed on very nice paper and had many pictures of how Nintendo offices look like , some prototype , artworks , etc ...
Few examples ( sorry for the crappy quality , iPhone shots )
The back - to - back recalls of Toyota cars and trucks for problems related to the accelerator pedals offer a textbook example of how major safety issues can arise from matters both simple and complex .
The recall last week of 2.3 million Toyotas for sticking gas pedals brought on Tuesday ’s announcement that sales and production of eight Toyota models would be stopped — demonstrating the complexities of cars .
( This recall is unrelated to an earlier problem , the recall of 4.2 million Toyota and Lexus vehicles for gas pedals hanging up on floor mats .
And late Wednesday , Toyota added 1.1 million vehicles to that recall . )
Some 2.35 million vehicles are subject to both recalls , Toyota said Thursday .
In a filing with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , Toyota said the latest problem was in the pedal sensors of affected vehicles .
When the heater is turned on in a car that is cold , internal water condensation on the cold parts can cause a sliding component inside the gas pedal assembly to stick instead of move smoothly .
The defect may cause the throttle to stick in an open position or to move stiffly during opening and closing , requiring more pedal pressure .
The pedal sensor is part of a so - called drive - by - wire throttle system , in which the gas pedal has no direct connection to the engine through a cable or mechanical linkage .
A sticking pedal in an older car with a cable or mechanical link would typically be solved with a squirt of oil or dab of grease , a straightforward task for a handy car owner .
But in today ’s cars , the connection between the pedal and the engine is made by electrical signals traveling through wires .
The pedal sensor gauges how far the driver is pressing the gas pedal and signals the engine ’s control computer , which determines how much to open the throttle based on input from a variety of sensors , choosing a setting that will achieve the lowest exhaust emissions , the best fuel efficiency and good engine response .
The accelerator pedal recall last year was caused by mechanical interference , according to Toyota — a matter of the gas pedal getting trapped by an out - of - place floor mat .
The solution to that problem will include modification of the gas pedal and replacement of floor mats .
For some models , the fix will include a reshaping of the car ’s floor and the installation of an override system to cut engine power if the accelerator and brake pedals are pressed at the same time .
Good news everyone !
I recently ‘ve been sponsored Nokia N900 phone by CELF , this awesome pro-Linux foundation that already used to sponsor me DLNA specifications a few years back .
The idea of course was to start porting our software to ARM - based devices .
Nokia N900 phone is a great toy .
It features an OMAP3 SoC ( ARM Cortex - A8 CPU associated with an SGX GPU that can handle OpenGL|ES ) and is running Maemo 5 distribution ( soon to be replaced by Meego ) , a Debian - derivated by Nokia .
The idea behind all this of course was to port Enna ( and its associated dependencies , i.e. libplayer , libnfo and libvalhalla ) on this system and optimize the hell out of it 🙂
This is now done .
Kudos to myself :p
There are still room for way more optimizations .
Enna has been ported , that ’s a fact .
The underlying dependencies can however be improved a lot .
The EFL can use either X11 or OpenGL for output .
Right now , we ’re still using plain X11 .
It ’s not really optimized but I ’m not yet fully convinced of the OpenGL|ES port so it ’ll stay this way for a still a while .
Also , libplayer on N900 has been configured to use MPlayer .
While this perfectly works , it uses CPU ( with all possible ARM VFP and NEON optimizations though ) for software decoding instead of using the hardware DSP .
As a result , it can decode much more audio and video formats than the default embedded played allows to , but it ’s also slower .
I have multiple possibilities to make use of this DSP ( through Maemo MAFW video API or using OpenMAX ) and have not yet settled my choice .
Anyhow , everyone should now be able to try out out Enna v0.4.0 on his phone , provided he has one Nokia N900 of course 🙂
In order to install it , go to Package Manager and add a new repository :
Name : GeeXboX
GeeXboX URL : http://packages.geexbox.org
http://packages.geexbox.org
Distribution : fremantle
fremantle Component : main
Proceed with packages database update and then :
Hit the Download icon .
Choose Multimedia application .
Select Enna Media Center .
That ’s it .
I hope you ’ll enjoy it 🙂
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
Today 's automakers prize function over form , and there are few if any cars being made that will be " classics " in 50 years , comedian and car buff Tim Allen said .
" I 'm passionate about automotive art , and there is n't any , " he said .
Many enthusiasts argue classics are in the eyes of the keyholders , but Allen 's not the only collector noticing history repeating itself .
Chevy 's new Camaro , Ford 's Mustang and even Mercedes ' AMG Gullwing harken back to designs popular five decades ago .
" It 's not an art piece , that Gullwing ; it just reminds people my age , ' Oh , the Gullwing , ' " Allen said .
The 56 - year - old actor said he'd like to see more designs like the 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO -- " the source of all cool cars " -- or the 1966 Shelby Mustang 350GT Hertz , which was n't known for its handling .
" It ca n't get out of its own way , " Allen said .
" It 's like a Hawaiian shirt .
Only guys think they 're cute . "
Passion and handcraft are absent in today 's cars , Allen said , and he yearns for more Shelbys and Scaglietti Ferraris , cars akin to those on display at Atlanta 's High Museum of Art this month .
" Allure of the Automobile " features 18 cars manufactured between 1933 and 1959 .
Pierce - Arrow , Porsche , Bugatti and Aston Martin are among the honorees , and the exhibit includes two of Clark Gable 's cars and a Jaguar XKSS Roadster once owned by Steve McQueen .
Matt Stone , editor of Motor Trend Classic and author of " McQueen 's Machines , " said he once took the Roadster for a spin down Mulholland Drive in Los Angeles , California .
" Just to sit in that seat gave me chills , " he said .
" To be sitting in that seat where the King of Cool used to go out street racing at night is pretty cool . "
Cool is often defined during adolescence , said Craig Jackson , chairman and CEO of Barrett - Jackson Auction Company .
To Jackson , cool is the Porsche 911 Slopenose .
" I 'm looking for a good original , " he said .
" You always want in life what you could n't afford and could n't have when you were younger . "
Jackson has 28 cars in his collection , many stemming from his tastes as a young man who restored an 11 - year - old Corvette Roadster because he did n't like the cars being built when he graduated high school in 1977 .
He likes " American muscle " -- think Plymouth 's Roadrunner and Hemi ' Cuda -- but his brother , a drag racer , and his father , a collector of French cars and Cadillacs , also influenced his tastes .
Hence his fondness for hot rods and the Delahaye 165 Figoni et Falaschi Cabriolet he sold in 1989 ( he flew to Tokyo to " visit " the car in 2000 ) .
There 's little dispute that Shelby Cobras and late ' 30s Delahayes are classics .
Allen , Stone and Jackson concur that Ferrari Daytonas of the late ' 60s and early ' 70s also fit the definition .
Jackson is restoring one , he said .
Allen said , " There was an art to that [ car ] . "
And Stone would sacrifice a great deal to get his name on a title .
" I'm a Daytona fool , " he said .
" That 's the one I 'd probably sell body parts for . "
Stone believes classic cars embody a combination of style , performance , rarity and success , but differences of opinion abound : Allen believes performance can be tweaked and success is overrated .
Opinions vary on new models , too .
Stone believes the Ferrari Enzo , first built in 2003 , could be an " instant classic . "
Jackson likes the re-releases of the Corvette ZR1 and Dodge Challenger .
Allen had mild praise for the ZR1 , but said , " There 's nothing artful to it . "
He 's unimpressed with the Enzo , and Denise McCluggage , an automotive columnist who is no stranger to Italian classics , said the comic is correct .
" The Enzo Ferrari , as far as I 'm concerned , could age right off the map , " said the 83 - year - old former racer who began competing when hay bales on an airport runway constituted a track .
Her favorite car is a 1959 Ferrari 250 GT Berlinetta in which she won the 1961 Sebring GTIII .
" It was not only my only car ; it was my only thing .
I had a Ferrari , and that was it , " she said .
McCluggage said she sold it for $ 6,000 and a Mini Moke in 1962 , long before the model commanded $ 1 million and Motor Trend Classic named it the fifth - greatest Ferrari ever .
" Timing is everything , " she joked .
McCluggage and Allen might appear to have similar tastes , but McCluggage said she thinks classics might one day include distinct designs , such as the Mazda Miata and Chrysler PT Cruiser .
At the same time , McCluggage said American muscle cars " were great in a straight line " but did n't appeal to her as a racer .
" It will be surprising what people consider classics , " she said , adding that when she is n't driving a car from the AutoWeek press fleet , she is tootling around Santa Fe , New Mexico , in her 1993 Suzuki Sidekick .
" I always like the car I 'm in .
I 'm very fickle that way , " she said .
Allen also is fickle .
He modifies almost every car , a cardinal sin for collectors who believe original parts must be preserved .
" They 're never like I like them , " he said .
" The look is n't right .
The sound is n't right .
The performance is n't where I 'd have it . "
The Detroit , Michigan , native said cars are for driving , and he recalls how he used to drive a 1932 Ford more often than he should have .
" It was like using a Rembrandt for a placemat , " Allen said .
" But I ca n't let it sit there and not drive it . "
McCluggage chuckled when she called collectors who tow their prized automobiles to shows " trailer queens . "
Classics or not , Jackson believes the days of the re-introduced muscle car might be numbered .
Government ownership of GM and tighter fuel standards ( taking effect in 2016 ) could bring a lull in manufacturing high - performance vehicles .
In the 1970s and 1980s , public demand for safety and better mileage yielded cookie - cutter cars that Jackson said he could n't differentiate on the freeway at night .
Similarly , today , car companies might think twice before building 612 - horsepower ZR1s that could skew a fleet 's fuel standards .
Experts agree technology advances more quickly today than it did in the 1970s , and Jackson has faith form can keep pace with function .
Allen said he 'll keep taking performance into his own hands , even if cars go electric .
" I do n't need the government telling me what to drive , " he said .
U.S. regulators are moving to freeze the assets and trading accounts of a Russian accused of hacking into personal online portfolios and manipulating the price of dozens of stocks listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market and New York Stock Exchange .
A New York federal judge on Tuesday sided with the Securities and Exchange Commission and froze the assets of Broco Investments , believed to be a one - trader operation based in St. Petersburg , Russia .
The SEC said Broco capitalized by artificially moving prices of more 38 thinly traded securities – enabling Broco to profit from up - or - down price swings .
" These transactions have created the appearance of legitimate trading activity and have artificially affected the prices of at least 38 issuers , " ( .pdf ) the Securities and Exchange Commission said in court filing .
The so - called " hack , pump and dump " scheme is among the latest illicit methods of gaming the market though hacking .
An Indian man was sentenced to two years in prison for undertaking a similar scam in 2008 .
That same year , a Ukrainian hacked into Thomson Financial to get a peek about an upcoming negative earnings report for IMS Health , earning nearly $ 300,000 for a few minutes ' work .
And in July , a computer programmer working for Goldman Sachs was arrested on charges he stole proprietary source code for software his employer uses to make sophisticated , high - speed stock and commodities trades .
In the latest case , the affected stocks ranged from Akeena Solar , Magellan Petroleum to Xerium Technologies .
The prices fluctuated more than 20 percent in some instances .
Broco would purchase these and other stocks in its own portfolio and immediately place unauthorized buy orders at inflated prices of the same securities in hacked Scottrade accounts , the SEC said .
" Immediately or shortly thereafter , the defendants capitalized on the artificially inflated share prices of the targeted securities by selling the shares previously acquired in their account , " the SEC alleged .
" In other instances , the defendants profited by covering short positions previously established in their account while placing unauthorized sell orders through the compromised accounts at substantially lower prices . "
Along the way , victims lost $ 600,000 in market value the last few months alone , the SEC said .
And Broco , believed to be a one - person company run by Valery Maltsev , reaped $ 255,000 in ill - gotten gains during the same time .
Daily trading volume in Pennsylvania - based financial services company AmeriServe Financial averaged about 11,300 shares in from Dec. 1 to Dec. 20 , the SEC said .
The next day , volume increased 20 times .
At least 200,000 shares were bought and sold through Broco or hacked Scottrade accounts , allowing Broco to leverage the prices for its own profits .
" Broco grossed $ 141,500 in approximately 15 minutes , " the SEC said .
Photo : bfishadow / Flickr
See Also :
Do you remember the Mako from the original Mass Effect ?
It was the janky , six - wheeled vehicle that controlled more like a cartoon car than a futuristic armored transport .
Fortunately , it did n’t return in Mass Effect 2 ( well not in working form anyway ) .
A new DLC pack is soon coming to the sequel which includes a replacement for the Mako .
It ’s called the Hammerhead .
The Firewalker DLC pack will come with five missions which center around the new Hammerhead vehicle .
Better yet , it ’s coming sooner than you might think , March 23rd .
BETTER better yet , the pack will be free to download for those who have a Cerberus Network membership .
The first paid DLC for ME2 , Kasumi ’s Stolen Memory , will follow soon after .
You ’ll be able to shell out Microsoft Points for that puppy in early April .
It has n’t been revealed yet , though , whether the Hammerhead will be featured in Kasumi ’s Stolen Memory .
[ 1up ]
By Patrick Bond , Durban
March 16 , 2010 --
In an indication that the climate justice movement is broadening , deepening and going local , there is now intense opposition to a climate - destroying energy loan for South Africa .
The campaign is led by community activists in black townships allied with environmentalists , trade unionists and international climate activists .
The World Bank is trying to lend nearly US $ 4 billion to the Johannesburg - based state - owned electricity utility Eskom , the world ’s fourth - largest power company and Africa ’s largest carbon emitter ( with 40 % of South Africa 's total emissions ) .
The loan is mainly for constructing the world -s fourth most CO2 - intensive coal - fired power plant , Medupi , in the ecologically sensitive Waterberg area north of the capital of Pretoria .
The World Bank also aims to finance privatised power generation , notwithstanding the abject failure of public - private partnerships in South African infrastructure , including in electricity and water .
More than 200 organisations have signed up in protest .
The loan would fly in the face of the World Bank 's attempt to portray itself as a climate - friendly financer , and will generate a vast , unnecessary debt -– both a financial debt to South Africa 's poor and also an expanded climate debt owed by South Africa to the rest of Africa , for overusing its fair proportion of the continent 's CO2 carrying capacity .
For communities near the coalfields ( 40 new mines are requested by Eskom to supply its new generators ) and coal - fired stations , the externalised costs imposed by Eskom are extremely high , including the complete degradation of water sources , air pollution , a frightening rise in mercury associated with coal and other health burdens .
Poor pay for multinationals ' cheap power
The loan is being pursued at a time of intense controversy surrounding Eskom mismanagement .
In its last annual reporting period , the company lost R9.7 billion ( US $ 1.3 bn ) , mainly due to miscalculations associated with hedging aluminium prices and the South African currency .
Both the chair and chief executive office lost their jobs late last year amidst unprecedented acrimony .
Meanwhile , Eskom continues its giveaway prices to several large export - oriented metals / mining multinational corporations , headquartered abroad -- offering the world ’s cheapest electricity , heavily subsidised by all other -- mainly poor -- users in South Africa .
The two main beneficiaries are BHP Billiton of Melbourne , which runs aluminium smelters , and the notorious Anglo American Corporation , which shifted its financial headquarters to London a decade ago .
Thus mining / metals profits flow abroad , exacerbating South Africa 's dangerously high international payments deficit .
Activists argue that the scandalous late - apartheid era , multidecade " special pricing agreements " deals with BHP Billiton and Anglo American should be rejected as " odious " .
In early 2008 , repeated national blackouts finally led to cuts in supply to some of these firms , showing that the deals could legitimately be violated .
Moreover , the crash of metals and minerals prices dramatically lowered demand .
Demand - side management -– a tried and tested alternative which the World Bank claims to endorse ( but has n't considered in this case ) -- would mitigate the need for new power plants .
Moreover , South Africa 's massive renewable energy potential has not even begun to be tapped .
Eskom was given responsibility for rolling out more than a million solar - powered hot - water heaters over three years , and after two years , can claim only 1000 .
Price increases for poor
Having lost the vast majority of South Africans ' trust , Eskom began raising prices by more than triple the inflation rate in 2008 .
From 2007 to 2012 , the price of a month 's normal electricity use in an " average township household " is anticipated to rise 127 % in real terms , according to Eskom .
These price increases will have an extreme adverse impact , leading to a major increase in disconnections ( and illegal reconnections , hence electrocutions ) of poor households , that can best be described as " underdevelopment " .
Ironically , World Bank staff insist that the proposed Eskom loan will have a " developmental " impact .
The civil society coalition vigorously object .
The World Bank is in an untenable position , as it soon releases a new energy policy and also campaigns to take on additional responsibilities for channeling finance related to climate change .
The proposed Eskom loan should disqualify the World Bank from any further role in climate - related activities .
Critics insist that if the World Bank intends to raise $ 180 billion in new capital from member groups prior to the World Bank / International Monetary Fund Spring meetings in late April , it will have to shelve this loan , because the world 's citizens will object that this represents business as usual financing at a time energy transformation is increasingly urgent .
Opposition is gaining momentum :
Communities and environmentalists have begun to protest the Eskom loan , including at the firm ’s Durban headquarters on February 16 .
The main manufacturing trade union in South Africa , the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa , announced its opposition to the loan on February 18 .
Other trade unions have threatened strikes against the price hikes and Eskom 's labour practices .
The Pan African Climate Justice Alliance , which had the highest African profile at the December 2009 Copenhagen Climate Summit , has endorsed the no-loan demand , on grounds of environmental damage .
The South African Council of Churches , which played a key role in criticising the World Bank due to its apartheid financing , has also expressed opposition to the loan .
Eskom is suffering an upsurge of illegal electricity connections in communities , as prices become prohibitive .
In sum , this is a company that can be fairly described as a poor credit risk .
Dozens of organisations across the world have committed to oppose the World Bank 's proposed Eskom loan .
They are contacting the executive directors of the World Bank from each country –- including Australia ’s representative , James Hagan , who was visited by South Africans earlier this week –- to demand a " no coal loan " vote at the April 6 meeting at which the loan will be tabled .
In advance of the World Bank ’s recapitalisation efforts , the critics are ready to take even more vigorous action against the bank itself -- including revival of the " World Bank Boycott " which cost the bank support from many major bondholders over the past decade ( including the world ’s largest pension fund , the city of San Francisco , the Calvert Group and university and church endowment funds ) .
For the sake of environmental justice , the surrounding communities , the citizenry , the workers , Eskom customers and the continent of Africa ( and all other sites affected by climate change ) , the World Bank will have no choice but to withdraw this loan .
Eskom will then have no other choice but to negotiate an appropriate energy mix and financing strategy with constituencies they have so far ignored .
Please send messages opposing the World Bank loan to :
Executive director , Mr. James Hagan , Australian representative to the World Bank
Telephone : USA 202-458-1015
Fax : USA 202-477-2007
Email : jhagan@worldbank.org
Shoes have long been at the center of life in this small city in the hills of eastern Moravia .
It was built by a local cobbler , Tomas Bata , to serve what would become the world 's largest shoe company .
Tens of thousands worked directly or indirectly for Bata Shoes before World War II or for its Communist successor , Svit .
Today , much of the complex stands empty , windows broken and walls covered with graffiti .
An icon of early 20th - century industrial architecture , the antiquated factory was unable to survive the loss of the Soviet market and competition from Asian producers after 1989 .
But unlike many other East European industrial cities , Zlin has weathered the transition remarkably well .
Streets bustle with commuters , university students , and businessmen .
The Golden Apple shopping mall teems with shoppers .
Hundreds of small firms and retail outfits fill nearby Bata - era civic buildings .
A philharmonic hall and conference center is taking shape next to the striking new headquarters of the nine - year old Tomas Bata University , where 12,000 students now study .
Instead of becoming a Rust Belt city , Zlin is a confident , modestly prosperous university town , with an unusual concentration of small businesses .
And it has become so despite its backwater location and poor transportation links .
The Henry Ford of Moravia
The reason , residents say , is the legacy of Tomas Bata and his brother Jan , who built Zlin as an industrial utopia .
" The approach toward free enterprise ... managed to survive , " says Zdenek Pokluda , director of district archives .
Inspired by visits to Henry Ford 's River Rouge plant and the Endicott - Johnson shoe plant in 1919 and 1920 , Tomas Bata built assembly line factories in his village and surrounded them with a model " garden " city .
At a time when many Czechs lacked power or running water , Bata built thousands of brick houses for workers , each with indoor plumbing , electricity , balconies , and a garden .
He constructed a hospital , department stores with subsidized prices , sport facilities , parks , and the country 's largest movie theater .
Managers were trained in the company business school ; marketers , in its film school ; designers , in its art institute .
Workers had free healthcare and schooling and some of the top wages in the country .
Bata , who was mayor , controlled everything .
In the process he created what was , until the mid-1990s , the world 's largest footwear firm , as well as one of the most famous achievements of modern architecture : a modernist city spreading out from the 16 - story Bata headquarters .
As Bata expanded overseas , it built " Zlins " in Canada , India , and Pakistan .
" He wanted to prepare completely educated , highly skilled , active people who could live anywhere , " says Pavel Velev , executive director of the Thomas Bata Foundation , which is named after Tomas 's son .
' Class enemies '
But the dream came to an end after the Soviet takeover .
The Batas – " class enemies " – fled to Canada and Brazil .
The factory was nationalized and produced cheap footwear , while the city was renamed Gottwaldov , after the country 's Stalinist dictator .
" The Bata name was forbidden , " recalls Mr. Velev .
But not forgotten .
The Batas had trained thousands of engineers , scientists , designers , doctors , and other professionals who continued to staff area schools , farms , and factories .
" They ... passed on their thinking to their children and grandchildren , " says Miroslava Stybrova , curator of the Zlin Shoe Museum .
Even under the Communist regime , a Bata - esque empire emerged on a cooperative farm in nearby Slusovice .
The director gave managers wide autonomy and encouraged innovation .
By the mid-1980s , the " farm " made PCs , software , tractors , fertilizers , insecticides , and processed dairy goods .
It raised racehorses , mastered embryo transfer techniques for cows , and provided construction services .
It ran its own management schools , health centers , and recreational facilities .
" Slusovice was like a little capitalist town in a communist country , " recalls Jan Zamazal , who teaches shoe design at Tomas Bata University .
" This economic miracle was backed up by reformers in the government , but it was following the model of Bata . "
A cobbler 's legacy
The farm was disbanded after the " Velvet Revolution . "
But " many of the companies around here today were started by people involved with Slusovice , " says Jana Buch , head of the university 's product design department .
" They had seen what could be accomplished with hard work and good thinking , and they were ready to take responsibility for their own life . "
Even after the Svit shoe company collapsed in the 1990s , people found jobs in hundreds of new start - ups , more than any other city save Prague .
The university , founded in 2001 , is an economic engine .
Zlin still faces many challenges .
Parts of the 96 - acre shoe factory have been renovated , but most remain derelict .
Regional wages are low and unemployment growing .
But locals say Bata 's spirit of innovation lives on .
" The worst damage the Communists did to people was to take away any responsibility so they would just be standing waiting for someone to tell them what to do , " Ms. Buch says .
" That 's the difference between Zlin and many other places .
People know they can do it . "
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
DENVER , Jan. 13 ( UPI ) --
Denver school officials have issued a public apology for the lunch of greens and fried chicken dished up for students in honor of Martin Luther King .
The offerings , meant to be a " Southern Style " menu reflecting the assassinated civil rights leader 's Dixie origins , offended some parents who considered it an offense stereotype of African - Americans .
Advertisement
A statement posted on the Denver Public Schools Web site Tuesday night apologized for what turned out to be a " highly insensitive " move .
School Board President Nate Easley , who is African - American , told The Denver Post he suspected King himself would be more concerned with how minority kids were doing in school than what was being served in the cafeteria .
Lecia Brooks , interim director of the Civil Rights Memorial Center in Alabama , told the newspaper she was sorry to see the tribute paid King by the Denver schools amount to nothing more than a " chicken lunch . "
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
Judith Curry posted here on WUWT regarding rebuilding the lost trust we used to have in climate science and climate scientists .
This is my response to her post , an expansion and revision of what I wrote in the comments on that thread .
First , be clear that I admire Judith Curry greatly .
She is one of the very , very few mainstream climate scientists brave enough to enter into a public dialogue about these issues .
I salute her for her willingness to put her views on public display , and for tackling this difficult issue .
As is often my wont in trying to understand a long and complex dissertation , I first made my own digest of what Judith said .
To do so , I condensed each of her paragraphs into one or a few sentences .
Here is that digest :
Digest of Judith Curry ’s Post : On the Credibility of Climate Research , Part II : Towards Rebuilding Trust
1 I am trying an experiment by posting on various blogs
2 Losing the Public ’s Trust
2.1 Climategate has broadened to become a crisis of trust in climate science in general .
2.2 Credibility is a combination of expertise and trust .
Trust in the IPCC is faltering .
2.3
The scientists in the CRU emails blame their actions on “ malicious interference ” .
2.4 Institutions like the IPCC need to ask how they enabled this situation .
2.5 Core research values have been compromised by warring against the skeptics .
2.6 Climategate wo n’t go away until all this is resolved .
3 The Changing Nature of Skepticism about Global Warming
3.1 Skepticism has changed over time .
3.2 First it was a minor war between advocacy groups .
Then , a “ monolithic climate denial machine ” was born .
This was funded by the oil industry .
3.3 Because of the IPCC reports , funding for contrary views died up .
It was replaced by climate auditors .
The “ climate change establishment ” did n’t understand this and kept blaming the “ denial machine ” .
4 Climate Auditors and the Blogosphere .
4.1 Steve McIntyre ’s auditing became popular and led to blogs like WUWT .
4.2 Auditors are independent , technically educated people mostly outside of academia .
They mostly audit rather than write scientific papers .
4.3
The FOIA requests were motivated by people concerned about having the same people who created the dataset using the dataset in their models .
4.4
The mainstream climate researchers do n’t like the auditors because Steve McIntyre is their arch - nemesis , so they tried to prevent auditors publishing in the journals .
[ gotta confess I could n’t follow the logic in this paragraph ]
4.5
The auditors succeeded in bringing the climate establishment to its knees because people trusted the auditors .
5 Towards Rebuilding Trust
5.1 Ralph Cicerone says that two aspects need attention , the general practice of science and the personal behaviours of scientists .
Investigations are being conducted .
5.2 Climate science has not adapted to being high profile .
How scientists engage with the public is inadequately discussed .
The result is reflexive support for IPCC and its related policies .
5.3
The public and policy makers do n’t understand the truth as presented by the IPCC .
More efficient strategies can be devised by recognizing that we are dealing with two groups : educated people , and the general public .
To rebuild trust scientists need to discuss uncertainty .
[ “ truth as presented by the IPCC ? say what ? ]
5.4
The blogosphere can be a powerful tool for increasing credibility of climate research .
The climate researchers at realclimate were the pioneers in this .
More scientists should participate in these debates .
5.5
No one believes that the science is settled .
Scientists and others say that the science is settled .
This is detrimental to public trust .
5.6 I hope this experiment will demonstrate how the blogosphere can rebuild trust .
Having made such a digest , my next step is to condense it into an “ elevator speech ” .
This is a very short statement of the essential principles .
My elevator speech of Judith ’s post is this .
Climategate has destroyed the public trust in climate science .
Initially skepticism was funded by big oil .
Then a climate auditing movement sprang up .
They were able to bring the climate establishment to its knees because people trusted them .
Public and policy makers do n’t understand the truth as presented by the IPCC .
To rebuild trust , climate scientists need to better communicate their ideas to the public , particularly regarding uncertainty .
The blogosphere can be valuable in this regard .
OK , now what ’s wrong with Judith ’s picture ?
Can The Trust Be Rebuilt ?
First , let me say that the problem is much bigger than Judith seems to think .
Wiser men than I have weighed in on this question .
In a speech at Clinton , Illinois , September 8 , 1854 , Abraham Lincoln said :
If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens , you can never regain their respect and esteem .
You may fool all of the people some of the time ; you can even fool some of the people all the time ; but you ca n’t fool all of the people all of the time .
So it will not be easy .
The confidence is forfeit , that ship has sailed .
The biggest problem with Judith ’s proposal is her claim that the issue is that climate scientists have not understood how to present their ideas to the public .
Judith , I respect you greatly , but you have grabbed the wrong end of the stick .
The problem is not how climate scientists have publicly presented their scientific results .
It is not a communication problem .
The problem is that 71.3 % of what passes as peer reviewed climate science is simply junk science , as false as the percentage cited in this sentence .
The lack of trust is not a problem of perception or communication .
It is a problem of lack of substance .
Results are routinely exaggerated .
“ Scientific papers ” are larded with “ may ” and “ might ” and “ could possibly ” .
Advocacy is a common thread in climate science papers .
Codes are routinely concealed , data is not archived .
A concerted effort is made to marginalize and censor opposing views .
And most disturbing , for years you and the other climate scientists have not said a word about this disgraceful situation .
When Michael Mann had to be hauled in front of a congressional committee to force him to follow the simplest of scientific requirements , transparency , you guys were all wailing about how this was a huge insult to him .
An insult to Mann ?
Get real .
Mann is an insult and an embarrassment to climate science , and you , Judith , did n’t say one word in public about that .
Not that I ’m singling you out .
No one else stood up for climate science either .
It turned my stomach to see the craven cowering of mainstream climate scientists at that time , bloviating about how it was such a terrible thing to do to poor Mikey .
Now Mann has been “ exonerated ” by one of the most bogus whitewashes in academic history , and where is your outrage , Judith ?
Where are the climate scientists trying to clean up your messes ?
The solution to that is not , as you suggest , to give scientists a wider voice , or educate them in how to present their garbage to a wider audience .
The solution is for you to stop trying to pass off garbage as science .
The solution is for you establishment climate scientists to police your own back yard .
When Climategate broke , there was widespread outrage … well , widespread everywhere except in the climate science establishment .
Other than a few lone voices , the silence there was deafening .
Now there is another whitewash investigation , and the silence only deepens .
And you wonder why we do n’t trust you ?
Here ’s a clue .
Because a whole bunch of you are guilty of egregious and repeated scientific malfeasance , and the rest of you are complicit in the crime by your silence .
Your response is to stick your fingers in your ears and cover your eyes .
And you still do n’t seem to get it .
You approvingly quote Ralph Cicerone about the importance of transparency … Cicerone ??
That ’s a sick joke .
You think people made the FOI ( Freedom of Information ) requests because they were concerned that the people who made the datasets were the same people using them in the models .
As the person who made the first FOI request to CRU , I assure you that is not true .
I made the request to CRU because I was disgusted with the response of mainstream climate scientists to Phil Jone ’s reply to Warwick Hughes .
When Warwick made a simple scientific request for data , Jones famously said :
Why should I make the data available to you , when your aim is to try and find something wrong with it ?
When I heard that , I was astounded .
But in addition to being astounded , I was naive .
Looking back , I was incredibly naive .
I was so naive that I actually thought , “ Well , Phil ’s gonna get his hand slapped hard by real scientists for that kind of anti-scientific statements ” .
Foolish me , I thought you guys were honest scientists who would be outraged by that .
So I waited for some mainstream climate scientist to speak out against that kind of scientific malfeasance … and waited … and waited .
In fact , I ’m still waiting .
I registered my protest against this bastardisation of science by filing an FOI .
When is one of you mainstream climate scientist going to speak out against this kind of malfeasance ?
It ’s not too late to condemn what Jones said , he ’s still in the news and pretending to be a scientist , when is one of you good folks going to take a principled stand ?
But nobody wants to do that .
Instead , you want to complain and explain how trust has been broken , and you want to figure out more effective communication strategies to repair the trust .
You want a more effective strategy ?
Here ’s one .
Ask every climate scientist to grow a pair and speak out in public about the abysmal practices of far , far too many mainstream climate scientists .
Because the public is assuredly outraged , and you are all assuredly silent , sitting quietly in your taxpayer funded offices and saying nothing , not a word , schtumm … and you wonder why we do n’t trust you ?
A perfect example is you saying in your post :
Such debate is alive and well in the blogosphere , but few mainstream climate researchers participate in the blogospheric debate .
The climate researchers at realclimate.org were the pioneers in this …
For you to say this without also expressing outrage at realclimate ’s ruthless censorship of every opposing scientific view is more of the same conspiracy of silence .
Debate is not “ alive and well ” at realclimate as you say , that ’s a crock .
Realclimate continues to have an undeserved reputation that it is a scientific blog because you and other mainstream climate scientists are unwilling to bust them for their contemptuous flouting of scientific norms .
When you stay silent about blatant censorship like that , Judith , people will not trust you , nor should they .
You have shown by your actions that you are perfectly OK with realclimate censoring opposing scientific views .
What kind of message does that send ?
The key to restoring trust has nothing to do with communication .
Steve McIntyre does n’t inspire trust because he is a good communicator .
He inspires trust because he follows the age - old practices of science — transparency and openness and freewheeling scientific discussion and honest reporting of results .
And until mainstream climate science follows his lead , I ’ll let you in on a very dark , ugly secret — I do n’t want trust in climate science to be restored .
I do n’t want you learning better ways to propagandize for shoddy science .
I do n’t want you to figure out how to inspire trust by camouflaging your unethical practices in new and innovative ways .
I do n’t want scientists learning to use clever words and communication tricks to get people to think that the wound is healed until it actually is healed .
I do n’t want you to learn to use the blogosphere to spread your pernicious unsupported unscientific alarmism .
You think this is a problem of image , that climate science has a bad image .
It is nothing of the sort .
It is a problem of scientific malfeasance , and of complicity by silence with that malfeasance .
The public , it turns out , has a much better bullsh*t detector than the mainstream climate scientists do … or at least we ’re willing to say so in public , while y’all cower in your cubbyholes with your heads down and never , never , never say a bad word about some other climate scientist ’s bogus claims and wrong actions .
You want trust ?
Do good science , and publicly insist that other climate scientists do good science as well .
It ’s that simple .
Do good science , and publicly call out the Manns and the Joneses and the Thompsons and the rest of the charlatans that you are currently protecting .
Call out the journals that do n’t follow their own policies on data archiving .
Speak up for honest science .
Archive your data .
Insist on transparency .
Publish your codes .
Once that is done , the rest will fall in line .
And until then , I ’m overjoyed that people do n’t trust you .
I see the lack of trust in mainstream climate science as a huge triumph for real science .
Fix it by doing good science and by cleaning up your own backyard .
Anything else is a coverup .
Judith , again , my congratulations on being willing to post your ideas in public .
You are a rara avis , and I respect you greatly for it .
w .
PS – In your post you talk about a “ monolithic climate denial machine ” ??
Puhleease , Judith , you ’re talking to us individual folks who were there on the ground individually fighting the battle .
Save that conspiracy theory for people who were n’t there , those who do n’t know how it went down .
This is another huge problem for mainstream climate scientists and mainstream media alike .
You still think the problem is that we opposed your ideas and exposed your errors .
You still see the climate scientists as the victims , even now in 2010 when the CRU emails have shown that ’s nonsense .
Every time one of your self - appointed spokes - fools says something like “ Oh , boo hoo , the poor CRU folks were forced to circle their wagons by the eeevil climate auditors ” , you just get laughed at harder and harder .
The CRU emails showed they were circling the FOI wagons two years before the first FOI request , so why have n’t you noticed ?
The first step out of this is to stop trying to blame Steve and Anthony and me and all the rest of us for your stupidity and your dishonesty and your scientific malfeasance .
[ Edited by public demand to clarify that the “ your stupidity ” etc. refers to mainstream climate scientists as a group and not to Judith individually . ]
You will never recover a scrap of trust until you admit that you are the source of your problems , all we did was point them out .
You individually , and you as a group , created this mess .
The first step to redemption is to take responsibility .
You ’ve been suckered by people like Stephen Schneider , who said :
To capture the public imagination , we have to offer up some scary scenarios , make simplified dramatic statements and little mention of any doubts one might have .
Each of us has to decide the right balance between being effective , and being honest .
This ‘ double ethical bind ’ we frequently find ourselves in cannot be solved by any formula .
Each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective and being honest .
I hope that means being both .
That worked fine for a while , but as Lincoln pointed out , it caught up with you .
You want trust ?
Disavow Schneider , and STOP WITH THE SCARY SCENARIOS .
At this point , you have blamed everything from acne to world bankruptcy on eeevil global warming .
And you have blamed everything from auditors to the claimed stupidity of the common man for your own failures .
STOP IT !
We do n’t care about your pathetic justifications , all you are doing is becoming the butt of jokes around the planet .
You seem to have forgotten the story of the Boy Who Cried Wolf .
Read it .
Think about it .
Nobody cares about your hysteria any more .
You are in a pit of your own making , and you are refusing to stop digging … take responsibility .
Because we do n’t want scientists who are advocates .
We ’re not interested in scientists who do n’t mention their doubts .
We ’re sick of your inane “ simplified dramatic statements ” .
We laugh when you cry wolf with your scary scenarios .
Call us crazy , but we want scientists who are honest , not scientists who balance honesty and effectiveness .
You want trust ?
Get honest , kick out the scoundrels , and for goodness sakes , get a clue about humility .
Because the truth is , climate science is one of the newest sciences .
The truth is , we know little about the climate , we ’ve only been studying it intensely for a couple decades .
The truth is , we ca n’t project the climate of the next decade , much less that of the next century .
The truth is , we have no general theory of climate .
The truth is , we do n’t know if an average temperature rise of a couple degrees will be a net benefit or a net loss .
The truth is , all of us are human , and our knowledge of the climate is in its infancy .
And I do n’t appreciate being lectured by infants .
I do n’t appreciate being told that I should be put in the dock in a Nuremberg style trial for disagreeing with infants .
You want to restore trust ?
Come down off your pedestals , forsake your ivory towers , and admit your limitations .
And through all of this , be aware that you have a long , long , long climb back up to where we will trust you .
As Lincoln warned , you have forfeited the confidence of your fellow citizens , and you will be damn lucky if you ever get it back .
[ Update : please see Dr. Curry ’s gracious response below , at Judith Curry ( 04:34:45 ) ]
[ Update 2 : Dr. Curry ’s second response is here , and my reply is here ]
[ Update 3 : Dr. Curry steps up and delivers the goods .
My reply . ]
Sponsored IT training links :
Subscribe for 70-290 training and pass your real exam in first attempt .
we offer guaranteed success with latest 642-974 dumps and 350-029 video tutorials .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Whether you 're trying to avoid your own caffeine intake due to breastfeeding , pregnancy , or health reasons , or trying to keep your kids from ingesting more than their fair share , here 's a list of a few everyday items and their caffeine content .
( See also : 7 Nutrients You Need More Of )
Coffee
Coffee varies in caffeine content drastically , even in the same coffeehouse , on the same day .
Everything from roast styles to brewing methods affect the amount of caffeine you get .
The lighter the roast , the more caffeine it has .
Starbucks ( Grande ) iced coffee , 16 oz : 190 mg .
This is double - brewed .
Without the ice it contains 380 mg .
.
This is double - brewed .
Without the ice it contains .
Starbucks brewed coffee , 16 oz : 330 mg .
Brewed coffee has 50 % more caffeine on average than instant coffee .
. Brewed coffee has caffeine on average than instant coffee .
Instant coffee , 16 oz : 60-345mg
Starbucks latte , 16 oz : 150mg
Starbucks espresso , 1 oz ( 1 shot ) : 58-75mg
Tea
The longer a tea is steeped , the higher the caffeine content .
If after the first steep , you add more hot water to the tea or tea bag , the tea becomes almost entirely decaffeinated .
Starbucks
Tazo chai tea latte , 16 oz : 100 mg
Regular black tea , 8 oz : 40 - 120 mg
Stash green tea , 18 oz : 78 mg
Snapple iced tea , 16 oz : 18 mg
12 oz Nestea : 17 mg
Decaffeinated black tea , 8 oz : 2 mg
Soft Drinks
All drinks are 12 oz servings
Mountain Dew : 54 mg
Mello Yello : 53 mg
Diet Coke : 47 mg
Tab : 47 mg
Dr Pepper : 42 - 44 mg
Sunkist Orange : 42 mg
Pepsi : 36 -38 mg
Coke : 35 mg
A&W Cream Soda : 29 mg
Barq 's Root Beer : 2 3 mg
A &W Root Beer : 0 mg
7 - Up : 0 mg
Sprite : 0 mg
Mug Root Beer : 0 mg
Fanta : 0 mg
Energy Drinks
No Name ( formerly known as Cocaine ) , 8.4 oz : 280 mg
Monster Energy , 16 oz : 160 mg
Full Throttle , 16 oz : 144 mg
Enviga , 12 oz : 100 mg
No Fear , 8 oz : 83 mg
Rockstar , 8 oz : 80 mg
Red Bull , 8.3 oz : 76 mg
AMP , 8.4 oz : 74 mg
Food
Hershey 's Special Dark Chocolate , 1.45 oz : 31 mg
Hershey 's Milk Chocolate Bar , 1.55 oz : 9mg
Ben and Jerry's Coffee Heath Bar Crunch , 8 oz : 84 mg
Haagen - Daz Coffee Ice Cream , 8 oz : 58 mg
Starbucks Coffee Ice Cream , 8 oz : 50 - 60 mg
Medications
No Doz , 1 Tablet : 200 mg
Excedrin Extra Strength , 2 tablets : 130 mg
Anacin Maximum Strength , 2 tablets : 64 mg
Midol Maximum Strength : 60 mg
Things get a little tricky when it comes to what has caffeine and what does n't .
I knew Barq 's Root Beer had caffeine , but did n't know that A &W Cream Soda has it as well .
And just to confuse matters more , A&W Regular Root Beer is caffeine free .
Also surprising was the caffeine content in Sunkist Orange .
This list will help you keep the caffeine out of little hands ( because they absolutely do not need it ) , and keep the buzz where it belongs — in your hectic , parental world .
This list was compiled with help from the Mayo Clinic article on caffeine content .
Where you can write up about a product , or see what others have to say about it .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Oil rose more than 1 percent to end near $ 83 a barrel on Wednesday after a U.S. government report showed increased oil product demand and as OPEC decided to leave output targets unchanged .
A man refuels his car at a petrol station in Sydney October 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Daniel Munoz
A weaker U.S. dollar against a basket of currencies also provided support , following Tuesday ’s U.S. Federal Reserve decision to keep low interest rates steady .
U.S. crude for April delivery gained $ 1.23 to settle at $ 82.93 a barrel .
London Brent crude rose $ 1.43 to settle at $ 81.96 .
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) on Wednesday showed oil product demand in the world ’s largest energy consumer was up 3.5 percent last week from a year ago .
A 1.7 million - barrel drop in gasoline stocks and a 1.4 million - barrel drop in heating oil stocks was partly offset by a 1.1 million - barrel rise in crude oil inventories .
< EIA/S >
“ Today ’s EIA data reaffirms improving demand and fundamentals for the energy complex , led by gasoline , ” said Chris Jarvis , senior analyst at Caprock Risk Management .
The dollar fell against a basket of currencies on Wednesday as investors sought better returns elsewhere .
The Federal Reserves ' commitment to low interest rates on Tuesday lifted optimism and helped push up U.S. markets . .N
“ A renewed appetite for risk is currently spurring much of the price strength and is tied in with strong global equity markets and a soft U.S. dollar , ” said Jim Ritterbusch , president at Ritterbusch & Associates in Galena , Illinois .
Earlier on Wednesday , Saudi Arabia ’s Oil Minister Ali al - Naimi described current prices as “ beautiful ” as the OPEC producer group decided to leave record output curbs unchanged at its meeting in Vienna .
Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , which pumps roughly one in every three barrels of oil , maintained official cuts of 4.2 million barrels per day ( bpd ) .
Since curbing output in December 2008 as the economic crisis intensified , OPEC has seen prices rally from below $ 40 a barrel to a peak of $ 83.95 in January , despite lower compliance from some members in recent months .
Naimi said global oil demand will grow by about 1 million bpd by the second half of this year
“ Good demand , reliable supply , beautiful prices -- we are very happy , ” Naimi said .
“ Everything is relative -- if there was no demand , there would be no leakage , ” Naimi said .
A nascent recovery in the global economy and higher prices has encouraged revenue - hungry OPEC members to pump more oil .
In February , they were making just 53 percent of promised cuts .
Saudi Arabia , OPEC ’s largest producer , has previously said oil near $ 75 a barrel is necessary to encourage investment in future supplies to meet booming demand from emerging economies , and is ultimately good for both producers and consumers .
But rising prices at the pumps have threatened to squeeze consumers still struggling in the aftermath of the worst recession for 70 years .
Retail gasoline prices in the United States soared to their highest level in nearly 18 months last week and could soon top $ 3 a gallon , the U.S. Department of Energy said on Monday .
Unemployment in the world ’s largest energy consumer is almost 10 percent .
Oil prices were boosted further by news that Russian oil major Rosneft ROSN .
MM faces a possible export deadlock after bankrupt rival YUKOS won U.S. and British court injunctions making cash payments to the state oil company in the West very complex , market sources said on Wednesday .
Rosneft declined to comment on the injunctions , which trade and industry sources said were part of a legal battle between YUKOS and the Russian government , which dissolved YUKOS after putting increasing pressure on the company between 2003 and 2007 .
Most of the assets ultimately ended up with Rosneft .
Just in case you forgot the amazing SGU half - season cliffhanger , this brand new trailer is here to remind you , and deliver a fistful of pissed - off aliens .
Spoilers ahead .
Advertisement
Look at all the new CG faces , and the aliens .
It looks very slick , and we can't wait for the new action .
Advertisement
We 're still pumped from the Rush / Young showdown , and it looks like this picks up right where we left off , thankfully .
Let 's hope they keep up the momentum , and the punches .
No additional Shanks stuff here , but plenty of pissed - off Rhona Mitra , which is just as good .
New episodes on the Syfy Channel Friday , April 2nd .
I 've been playing with matplotlib and Gentoo bug numbers from the last ~6 month to be able to see how we are performing at fixing bugs lately .
This is the current output :
While I am surprised how many bugs we fix each day I am also shocked that each month almost 70 bugs go on top of the current pile .
What else can we read from that graph ?
It seems Gentoo 's users are willing to report bugs ( which is cool ) but its contributors cannot fully keep up with fixing them ( which is less cool ) .
I am presenting this graph today to suggest that :
Bugzilla stats have interesting things to tell
Fixing bugs could use more attention , manpower and a better process in Gentoo
The planned re-write of bugday .
gentoo.org could play a keys role with improving the process
A Gentoo Google Summer of Code project could work on software to continuously extract detailed bug statistics for us
You can do neat plots using Python and matplotlib :-)
[ EDIT ]
The source code to produce above graph is now available .
' Every time I close my eyes I can see it ' :
Father relives moment his toddler 's jaw was ripped off by family dog
The father of a two - year - old girl mauled by the family dog told today how he desperately tried to wrestle the animal off his daughter .
Taylor Leadbeater is in a critical condition and undergoing facial reconstruction surgery after her jaw was ripped from her face by the French Bullmastiff .
Her father Gareth Sim , 31 , described how he punched the dog repeatedly and then carried Taylor , who was bleeding profusely , to a neighbour 's house to call for help .
Horrific attack : Taylor Leadbeater was mauled by a family pet , a French Bullmastiff , as she played in her bedroom .
Her father wrestled the dog off her
The dog attack on two - year - old Taylor Leadbeater occured in a house on Churchbury Road in Eltham on Monday afternoon
But Mr Sim said he felt he had to go back to the house ' to sort the dog out ' .
' Taylor was in her room playing with her toys .
I had turned away for two seconds and heard a growl , ' Mr Sim told the Standard .
' The next thing I knew the dog had Taylor on the floor and it was biting her face .
' I punched him until he let her go .
When I picked her up she was n’t even screaming - she must have been in shock .
Her face was covered in blood .
Every time I close my eyes I can see it .
' I took her to a neighbour ’s house to call for help but then I felt I had to leave her and go back to sort out the dog .
' That ’s when I grabbed the kitchen knife and stabbed the dog three or four times until he died . '
Taylor was taken to hospital and has had 70 stitches put into her face after an operation .
Her mother Charlene Leadbeater , 31 , said Taylor was due to undergo another operation to deep wounds below her eye today .
The girl 's parents , and brother Ronnie , six , were at her side last night .
The male dog is not an illegal breed but had been kept at the family ’s home with a female French Bullmastiff who is in season and an Alsatian .
Mr Sim said he wanted to campaign for all dangerous dogs to be made illegal .
' This was a dangerous dog .
These types of animal should not be anywhere near children .
I have told the police to put down my alsatian Rex as well . '
Taylor 's grandmother Alison Leadbeater said her daughter had asked vets to put the dog down two weeks ago after it bit her brother Gary ’s hand , but they had refused .
She said : ‘ Taylor was playing with the drawers and toys in her bedroom and the dog suddenly snapped .
‘ Her father Gareth heard him growl and grabbed the dog off of her , but it was too late .
‘ Taylor has serious facial injuries and has already had 70 stitches following one operation .
Her bone structure is fine , but there is a lot of damage to her face .
She will have to have a lot of operations . ’
FRENCH BULLMASTIFF FACTS
The French Bullmastiff is also referred to as the Dogue de Bordeaux and the Bordeaux Bulldog and is known as the National Guard Dog of France
Their typical weight ranges from 120 to 145 lbs , while their height is usually between 23 and 30 inches
French Bullmastiffs need to be sufficiently exercised and taken on long daily walks to prevent them developing behaviour issues
The breed has served as a war dog , flock guardian , cattle herder , guard dog , trained to bait bulls , bears , and jaguars , and a hunter of boars
They have a life expectancy of 10 to 12 years
Miss Leadbeater said vets had offered to ‘ retrain ’ the dog after her daughter had asked for it to be put down because of its recent aggressive behaviour .
She claimed vets told the family that the breed was not illegal and not normally aggressive .
‘ The dog was a family pet and had been fine for years ’ , she added .
‘ He only started getting aggressive recently when he bit my son ’s hand .
Miss Leadbeater said she was worried about his behaviour and spoke to the vets as she was concerned about the children .
‘ But they said they could retrain the animal and they could not put it down .
' The dog was lovely but turned into a killing machine because of how aggressive it was getting . '
A next - door neighbour told how his wife saw the incident .
The man told the Standard : ' He was playing with the dog and he turned away and the dog bit the girl on the face .
' He chased the dog out into the garden and was punching and kicking it and that 's where he stabbed it with a knife . ]
' My wife saw that and started screaming .
We have n't been living here very long and their dogs do bark a lot and do n't get on with the other dogs in the street . '
The French Bullmastiff breed is not covered under the Dangerous Dogs act .
The family 's other two dogs have been taken from their semi-detached house in Eltham , South London , and placed into police care while they are investigating .
They are not described as dangerous .
It is understood the police received assistance from the RSPCA .
The incident comes amid growing concern about the use of dangerous dogs as status symbols and weapons .
Last week , Chrisdian Johnson , 22 , was jailed for life , with a minimum term of 24 years , after using his powerfully - built pitbull - cross dog as a weapon to savage 16 - year - old Seyi Ogunyemi .
As his slightly - built victim lay helpless on the ground , Johnson carried out a ' vicious murder ' with a knife before fleeing the scene covered in blood .
Judge Christopher Moss , sentencing , told Johnson the dog had been used as a ' fearsome ' weapon - ' trained to attack and bring down your prey ' .
The French bullmastiff - also called the Bordeaux Bulldog - is a relatively short , stocky mastiff .
According to breeders it usually has a good and calm temperament .
They are renowned for being extremely loyal , patient and devoted .
Fearless and confrontational with strangers , they make a first class watch and guard dog .
They can be aggressive to other dogs unless they are socialised from an early age .
The breed is usually gentle with children .
In a morning pep talk to Senate Democrats , President Obama urged his allies to buck up despite electoral setbacks , bear down in the final push to overhaul healthcare -- and , whatever they do , quit relying on blogs and cable television for news .
Those online and TV sources create a Washington “ echo chamber ” that ’s overly fixated on political analysis , he said , when a better perspective on the world comes from talking to average Americans on a regular basis .
“ There ’s a mistake I made last year , ” Obama said , “ and that ’s just not getting out of here enough . ”
But even as Obama delivered the advice at an issues conference of the Senate Democratic Policy Committee , several lawmakers in danger during this year ’s elections queued up at the microphone for a question - and - answer session that would make nice footage for campaign ads .
Fortunately for them , cable TV news was there to capture it all .
If the president ’s session with Republican lawmakers last week was a combative back - and - forth , this was more like a town - hall meeting , focused not on sweeping issues of policy and politics but on parochial questions mostly from endangered Democrats .
Since his State of the Union address last week , Obama has offered a spirited defense of his agenda , his feisty demeanor an implicit promise of support for those Democrats who work with him .
At a time when some might be thinking about parting ways with his agenda , Obama is making a public case that now is not the time to abandon the ideals that swept him into office .
Democrats ’ loss of the late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ’s Senate seat in Massachusetts last month has made some members weak in the knees .
Speaking to lawmakers at the Newseum , Obama urged resolve .
“ If anybody ’s searching for a lesson from Massachusetts , ” Obama said , “ I promise you , the answer is not to do nothing . ”
Republicans may reason that their best strategy lies in fighting the White House and congressional Democrats even on common - sense efforts , Obama said , figuring that “ the cost of blocking everything is less than the cost of passing nothing . ”
But Americans are “ fed up ” with the fixation in Washington political circles with who is winning and who is losing , he said .
“ Do n’t lose sight of why we ’re here , ” he said , citing the need to overhaul healthcare and pass financial regulatory reform .
“ We ’ve got to finish the job . ”
Toward that end , Obama has invited bipartisan leaders of the House and Senate to the White House on Tuesday , an administration official said this morning .
Topics on the table will including “ working together ” on the economy and jobs , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said .
Obama envisions this as the first of the monthly bipartisan leadership meetings , which he announced in his State of the Union address .
This afternoon , Obama is scheduled to meet with a bipartisan group of governors from around the country to talk about investing in clean energy and ending the country ’s dependence on foreign sources of energy .
cparsons@tribune.com
janet.hook@latimes.com
This video surfaced today on NASA Watch , but there ’s not a lot of details about Project M. According to the America Space website , Project M is a program being developed out of the Johnson Space Center Engineering Directorate to put a lander on the moon with a robot .
Supposedly , the mission could be done within a 1,000 days once the project got the go - ahead .
It would be different than other NASA projects in that there would be no prime contractors , but just using “ the best engineers in the world to get the job done on time , ” said America Space .
Cryptically , the website also says the project has been “ go ” since Monday , November 9th , 2009 .
We ’ll post more as it becomes available .
The £ 160 m prison gives lags a single en suite cell with its own bathroom / Europics
The £ 160 m prison , near Oslo , Norway , gives 252 lags a single en suite cell with its own bathroom and windows without bars .
Inside the maximum security prison , authorities have lavished more than 1 million on modern art , including Banksy - style murals on the prison walls .
Governor Arne Hoidal - who opens the jail next month - told the Austrian Times : " We are very proud of what we have achieved .
" None of the windows have bars and they are made of unbreakable security glass so that people do not feel too claustrophobic . "
MORE ODD NEWS STORIES FROM AROUND THE WORLD
POLISH PLUMBER BECOMES FAITH HEALER AFTER FINDING MYSTICAL STONE
Share your thoughts .
First answer our question and then click on " Leave a Comment " below .
This is not a scientific poll .
I saw a newspaper headline over someone ’s shoulder today and it made me feel rather angry .
In fact I was sure I must have read it wrong , so I found myself a copy of the paper in question , The Evening Standard , and had a look myself .
There it was :
I bet they do n’t .
I bet they say nothing of the sort in fact .
Let ’s read on and see if they are directly quoted as saying that or anything even remotely similar .
Quelle surprise .
They are not .
In fact the only quote from an author is this : “ HIV is still rampant in the US and the explosion in poorer countries continues to be a bad problem because of the tremendous human suffering and the cost of treating it ” .
That ’s not quite the same thing now is it ?
I tweeted about it , but then felt compelled to look into it a bit further .
I was going to drop Professor David Marvovitz ( sic ) a note to alert him that his study had probably been misquoted , but as I Googled his name , I came across the EurekAlert press release instead .
Aha .
The story is n’t quite as the headline would have it .
A chemical derived from bananas ‘ may open the door to new treatments to prevent sexual transmission of HIV ’ .
So it seems this is more about stopping the transmission of the virus , rather than treating HIV in people who are already infected , as the short article had me ( and I use the term loosely ) believe .
The typo in Professor David Markovitz ’s name seems to have crept in in the EurekAlert release , which is odd , because other than missing a couple of hyperlinks it appears the same as the University release .
Anyway , here is the University of Michigan ’s press release so you can read a little more , but to cut a long story short , do n’t stop taking anti-retrovirals in favour of bananas , the scientists DO NOT say that ‘ bananas are as good as drugs for treating HIV ’ .
Mainly I suspect , because they ’re not .
UPDATE :
I wrote to Professor Markovitz last night and suggested he might like to get in touch with the Evening Standard .
He was suitably shocked by the ‘ crazy headline ’ and promised to reply in more detail today .
Here ’s what he wrote ( and has sent to the editors of the Evening Standard too ) :
“ Thank you so very much for calling the very misleading headline in the Evening Standard to my attention .
We in no way have stated anywhere that bananas are as good as antiretroviral drugs for the treatment of HIV !
Our work , which builds on that of others and is in a very early stage of development , suggests that a particular protein derived from bananas , BanLec , might be useful as part of a topical anti-HIV microbicide that could be applied vaginally ( or rectally ) to prevent the sexual transmission of HIV .
At this point , this is far from proven , however , and years of additional studies will be needed to test whether what we have found might prove useful in the clinical setting .
We certainly have no data suggesting that BanLec could be used to treat those individuals who are already infected with the virus , and it would be very dangerous for any patient to stop taking their medications and simply resort to eating bananas !
While we appreciate the Freudian aspects of our findings , we would be aghast if they were to be used to deter people from proper , proven treatment of HIV infection ”
As yet , I have had no response to my email to the editors , which I sent this morning .
The text of which I ’m copying below :
Dear Geordie and Sarah , I feel compelled to write and ask who was responsible for allowing the page two headline “ Bananas as good as drugs for treating HIV , say scientists ” in yesterday ’s edition of the paper .
This is completely misleading and does not represent what the authors said in their paper , nor even what it says in the accompanying press release from the University of Michigan ( or the one published by EurekAlert , where I assume you got the story , judging by the exact typo in the lead author ’s name ) .
Not only have you grossly and dangerously misrepresented the findings , but you have misrepresented what the scientists themselves have said .
You are misleading readers , by giving them the impression that a banana is as good as an anti-retroviral drug ( which of course it is not ) and in doing so , also damaging the public perception of , and trust in , science .
You have made no effort to describe how the study was conducted , nor make it clear that they were looking at this banana - derived chemical in relation to the prevention of sexual transmission of HIV .
That fact is in the first line of the press release , so even if you did n’t have chance to read the paper itself , you should have seen this .
I found your article so irresponsibly misleading that I got in touch with Prof Markovitz to let him know about it , and suggested he get in touch .
He replied almost immediately saying that your “ crazy headline ” had raised his blood pressure .
He may well be in touch with you as well .
Is there some way of issuing a correction ?
Can you provide some assurance that this sloppy approach to science journalism wo n’t be repeated in future ?
Science is an important and exciting field .
You do n’t need to make up fantastical headlines to make it “ interesting ” .
Best wishes , Kate
IS THE GARDASIL VACCINE AN EXPERIMENT ON YOUR CHILDREN ?
By Mary Tocco
February 13 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
Since the introduction of the Gardasil vaccine , there has been a growing concern about safety and efficacy .
As our vaccine producers come up with more vaccines , we must continue to fight this theory as dangerous and unnecessary .
What is a theory about the cause of cancer , having never been proven , are the grounds for this vaccine .
Once a vaccine to prevent HPV infection is raised as a weapon to prevent cervical cancer , then it 's pretty clear that the medical establishment has gone all the way in accepting a theory without proof .
I believe all vaccines are based on theory , not fact .
To say that a virus is the main cause of cervical cancer is no more than a hypothesis .
We all know that there are many environmental influences that cause one to have cancer .
We are giving “ False Hope ” to parents when we state this vaccine will reduce the chances of their children getting cervical cancer .
Another concern , like all the other vaccines recommended , there are no long - term safety or efficacy studies done on this vaccine and the short - term studies are of great concern .
The vaccine contains aluminum adjuvants which can enter the brain ( heavy metal toxicity ) and can cause inflammation at the injection site leading to chronic joint and muscle pain .
The placebo used in the studies contained aluminum .
About 60 percent of those who got Gardasil or the aluminum placebo had systematic adverse events including headache , fever , nausea , dizziness , vomiting , diarrhea or myalgia .
The Gardasil recipients had more serious adverse events such as headache , gastroenteritis , appendicitis , pelvic inflammatory disease , asthma , bronchospasm and arthritis .
The vaccine has not been studied in conjunction with the administering of other vaccines like the Hepatitis B vaccine .
For some reason , the risk of drug interaction is completely ignored when it comes to the vaccinations .
Never before in the history of humanity have we injected so many toxins directly into the human body !
It is very risky to mandate three doses of this vaccine for all pre-teen girls when we do not know the long - term effects .
Judicial Watch , a U.S. government watchdog , became concerned while noting large donations to key politicians originating from Merck .
We have a huge problem with conflict of interest surrounding all vaccines .
A freedom of information request from the group Judicial Watch in May of this year discovered that during the period from June 8 , 2006 - when the vaccines received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to May 2007 there were 1,637 reports of adverse reactions to the HPV vaccine reported to the FDA .
By 2009 , they found 22 Deaths Relating to HPV Vaccine Event Reports Obtained from FDA Detail over 8,000 Adverse Reactions to Gardasil .
The numbers continue to go up !
Tom Fitton , the President of Judicial Watch , stated the following , “ The FDA adverse event reports on the HPV vaccine read like a catalog of horrors . ”
Any state or local government now beset by Merck ’s lobbying campaigns to mandate this HPV vaccine for young girls ought to take a look at these adverse health reports .
It looks as if an unproven vaccine with dangerous side effects is being pushed as a miracle drug . ”
A recent study , published in the New England Journal of Medicine , also questioned the general effectiveness of Gardasil .
In my opinion , the focus of cancer as with all health problems should be in prevention without toxic injections .
I believe that cancers are the result of immune system breakdown , toxicity , nervous system interference and nutritional deficits .
We must work daily to improve health in a “ pro-active ” manner that will assist the body in cleansing , healing and function .
The answer does not lie in a shot !
The vaccine is experimental and carries much risk .
Rest assured my daughters will not get it !
Advertisement
Here is another news story : By John - Henry Westen
TORONTO , September 20 , 2007 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) -
As Canada , in large part due to aggressive behind the scenes lobbying , rolls out the not - comprehensively - tested Merck HPV vaccine for girls as young as nine , a look at developments on the vaccine south of the border should cause Canadians serious concern .
In the United States a similar lobby campaign by the same company launched the mass HPV vaccination of girls beginning in June last year .
In just little over a year , the HPV vaccine has been associated with at least five deaths , not to mention thousands of reports of adverse effects , hundreds deemed serious , and many that required hospitalization .
Judicial Watch , a U.S. government watchdog , became concerned while noting large donations to key politicians originating from Merck .
A freedom of information request from the group in May of this year discovered that during the period from June 8 , 2006 - when the vaccines received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to May 2007 there were 1,637 reports of adverse reactions to the HPV vaccine reported to the FDA .
Three deaths were related to the vaccine , including one of a 12 - year - old .
One physician 's assistant reported that a female patient " died of a blood clot three hours after getting the Gardasil vaccine . "
Two other reports , on girls 12 and 19 , reported deaths relating to heart problems and / or blood clotting .
As of 2009 , over 9,637 adverse vaccination reactions reported to the FDA via the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System ( VAERS ) included 371 serious reactions and 24 deaths .
Of the 42 women who received the vaccine while pregnant , 18 experienced side effects ranging from spontaneous abortion to fetal abnormities .
Side effects published by Merck & Co. warn the public about potential pain , fever , nausea , dizziness and itching after receiving the vaccine .
Indeed , 77 % of the adverse reactions reported are typical side effects to vaccinations .
But other more serious side effects reported include paralysis , Bells Palsy , Guillain - Barre Syndrome , and seizures .
U.S. sales of Gardasil are expected to reach $ 1 billion in the first year of its availability .
Again , as parents we must carefully ask the questions :
Are vaccines safe ?
Are there adequate safety studies done ?
Are vaccines effective ?
Do they protect or are they causing more injury ?
Do I have to vaccinate , what are my rights ?
These questions are answered on my DVD called , “ Are Vaccines Safe ?
I do not tell parents what to do ; I simply bring out the facts .
This is the most controversial health decision parents will ever have to make on behalf of their children .
Please do not just “ go with the flow ” or “ Trust your doctor ” … the consequences last a life time no matter what your decision .
This is my favorite quote : " When a man is honest and he hears the truth , he embraces the truth or he ceases to be honest " - Author Unknown
Herschel - HIFI unveils precursors of life - enabling molecules in Orion Nebula
4 March 2010
The spectrum , one of the first to be obtained with HIFI since it returned to full health in January 2010 following technical difficulties , clearly demonstrates that the instrument is working well .
Striking features in the HIFI spectrum include a rich , dense pattern of " spikes " , each representing the emission of light from a specific molecule in the Orion Nebula .
This nebula is known to be one of the most prolific chemical factories in space , although the full extent of its chemistry and the pathways for molecule formation are not well understood .
By sifting through the pattern of spikes in this spectrum , astronomers have identified a few common molecules that appear everywhere in the spectrum .
The identification of the many other emission lines is currently ongoing .
By clearly identifying the lines associated with the more common molecules , astronomers can then begin to tease out the signature of particularly interesting molecules that are the direct precursors to life - enabling molecules .
A characteristic feature of the Orion spectrum is the spectral richness : among the molecules that can be identified in this spectrum are water , carbon monoxide , formaldehyde , methanol , dimethyl ether , hydrogen cyanide , sulphur oxide , sulphur dioxide and their isotope analogues .
It is expected that new organic molecules will also be identified .
" This HIFI spectrum , and the many more to come , will provide a virtual treasure trove of information regarding the overall chemical inventory and on how organics form in a region of active star formation .
It harbours the promise of a deep understanding of the chemistry of space once we have the full spectral surveys available , " said Edwin Bergin of the University of Michigan , principal investigator of the HEXOS Key Programme on Herschel .
Unprecedented high resolution
HIFI was designed to provide extremely high - resolution spectra and to open new wavelength ranges for investigation , which are inaccessible to ground - based telescopes .
" It is astonishing to see how well HIFI works , " said Frank Helmich , HIFI principal investigator of SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research .
" We obtained this spectrum in a few hours and it already beats any other spectrum , at any other wavelength , ever taken of Orion .
Organics are everywhere in this spectrum , even at the lowest levels , which hints at the fidelity of HIFI .
The development of HIFI took eight years but it was really worth waiting for . "
" HIFI 's unprecedented high resolution and stability allows us to construct very detailed models of the density and temperature structure of star - forming clouds , " said Tom Phillips of the California Institute for Technology .
" This view allows us to pierce the veil of star formation and more directly study the chemistry associated with the birth of stars , planets , and in some sense , life . "
The spectrum was obtained only one month after HIFI resumed operations on - board Herschel .
In August 2009 , HIFI experienced an unexpected voltage spike in the electronic system , probably caused by a high - energy cosmic particle , resulting in the instrument shutting down .
The mission team studied the problem and developed a solution that prevents harmful side - effects of this type of event .
On 14 January , 2010 , HIFI was successfully switched back on using its spare electronics and restarted a sequence of testing and verification , ahead of science observations commencing on 28 February .
It now rejoins the other two Herschel instruments , SPIRE and PACS , in their exploration of the far - infrared Universe .
Notes for editors
Herschel is an ESA space observatory with science instruments provided by European - led Principal Investigator consortia , with important participation from NASA .
HIFI , a high resolution spectrometer was designed and built by a nationally - funded consortium led by SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research .
The consortium includes institutes from France , Germany , USA , Canada , Ireland , Italy , Poland , Russia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , and Taiwan .
Identification of the many spectral features visible in the Orion spectrum with transitions of particular molecular species requires sophisticated molecular spectroscopy databases , which collect the results from many years of laboratory spectroscopy work .
The assignments for this HIFI spectrum were made using the Cologne Database of Molecular Spectroscopy ( CDMS ) and an equivalent database maintained at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
For more information please contact :
Göran Pilbratt , Herschel Project Scientist
Research and Scientific Support Department
Science and Robotic Exploration Directorate , ESA , The Netherlands .
Email : gpilbratt rssd.esa.int
Phone : +31-71-565-3621
Frank Helmich , Principal Investigator for HIFI
SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research , The Netherlands .
Email : F.P. Helmich sron.nl
Phone : +31-6-49423644
CANNABIS CULTURE – Marc Emery and MPs Ujjal Dosanjh and Libby Davies appeared on CBC ’s Power and Politics to tell Canadian Minister of Justice Rob Nicholson , who also appeared on the show , to put a stop to Emery ’s extradition to the US .
Yesterday , the Liberal Party ’s Dosanjh , the NDP ’s Davies and Conservative MP Scott Reid presented petitions to the House of Commons with over 12,000 signatures asking the Minister of Justice to refuse to sign papers sending Emery to the US for a five - year prison term for selling marijuana seeds on the Internet .
“ None of what I am accused of doing , which is selling cannabis seeds over the Interent , harmed anyone , ” Emery said .
“ These were all things done in a political context .
I ’ve run for election , since 1980 , twelve times . [… ]
There are levels of support in this country including the three previous mayors of Vancouver , Senator in the Senate , and certainly gracious members of the House of Commons who presented that petition yesterday . ”
Dosanjh and Davies both spoke on Marc ’s behalf and were followed by Justice Minister Nicholson , who refused to give a straight answer , and claimed that he had not seen the order yet .
“ I will be making a decision in due course when it does arrive on my desk . ”
Nicholson said .
“ It may be part of the system , but it is not on my desk at the present time . ”
CBC.ca conducted a poll during the broadcast with the question , “ Should Marc Emery be handed over to the US ? ”
By the end of the broadcast , 89 % of respondents vote NO .
Watch Part 1 on YouTube
Watch Part 2 on YouTube
Bret Hart is what theatrical professional wrestling is all about in real life .
He has seen triumph and tragedy , has been screwed by the boss , has overcome a life - threatening scare , and he has still preserved a legacy during the boom years of the WWE .
He remains one of the biggest sports icons in Canadian sports history , and earned the right to be called “ the best there is , the best there was , and the best there ever will be “ .
Hart was born in Calgary , Alberta on July 2 , 1957 .
Hart was born into wrestling , as his father , the legendary Stu Hart , was very active in the early Canadian promotions .
Hart was one of seven brothers , all who were involved in one way or another with pro wrestling .
Hart grew up with a wrestling training facility right in the basement of his home , commonly called “ The Dungeon ” .
Stu Hart worked with stars such as Superstar Billy Graham , as young Bret observed and took in what he could .
Hart was an accomplished amateur wrestler winning the 1973 Calgary City Championship .
At the age of 19 , Bret began working for Stampede Wrestling , which was his father ’s Canadian promotion in Calgary .
Bret broke in as a referee , but was asked to step in when a wrestler was unable to perform .
Eventually , Bret became a full - time wrestler in the promotion and won the tag - team titles with his brother , Keith Hart , four times .
Hart stayed with Stampede , riding his father ’s wave of success , and eventually broke out as one of the top guys and a title - holder within the promotion .
He stayed with Stampede until 1984 , when he chose to sign with Vince McMahon ’s WWF promotion .
Originally , the WWF wanted Bret Hart to be a cowboy character , but the idea was scrapped .
He ended up teaming with a brother - in - law , The Dynamite Kid , in his first WWF television taping in August of 1984 .
In 1985 , McMahon used Hart to team with a different brother - in - law , Jim “ The Anvil ” Neidhart , forming the legendary Hart Foundation team , managed by who else , but Jimmy Hart ( no relation ) .
The Hart Foundation won the WWF Tag Team Titles twice by beating The British Bulldogs to start their first reign .
The second reign began when The Hart Foundation beat Demolition members Crush and Smash in a two - out - of - three falls epic contest .
Hart focused more on his singles competition when he and Neidhart split in 1991 .
Hart won the Intercontinental Championship by getting Mr. Perfect to tap to his ‘ Sharpshooter ’ at Summer Slam 1991 .
He then became involved in a feud with The Mountie after being shocked with a cattle prod .
Hart eventually lost that title to The Mountie .
Roddy Piper beat The Mountie at the Royal Rumble , only to lose the title back to Hart at Wrestlemania VIII .
“ The excellence of execution ” , as Hart was referred to by WWF Commentator Gorilla Monsoon , fought in the first ever ‘ ladder match ’ against Shawn Michaels in July of 1992 .
Hart won the inaugural ladder match , which ironically would become a Michaels trademark , but it was Hart who originally introduced the concept to the wrestling world .
On October 12 , 1992 , Hart defeated Ric Flair at Saskatchewan Palace in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan in an untelevised match to capture his first ever WWF Championship .
Hart held the title for a few months before losing to Yokozuna ( with interference from Mr. Fuji ) at Wrestlemania IX .
At the 1993 King of The Ring , the first ever King of The Ring PPV , Hart defeated Razor Ramon , Shawn Michaels and Bam Bam Bigelow .
After the victory , Hart was attacked by Jerry “ The King ” Lawler , who claimed he was wrestling ’s only true king .
Hart and Lawler faced off at 1993 Summer Slam where Hart won the match with his Sharpshooter , but was disqualified for not releasing the hold .
Later in 1993 , Hart entered into a feud with his youngest brother , Owen Hart .
The feud started when Bret and Owen teamed with two other Hart brothers to face Shawn Michaels and his knights .
Owen was the only Hart eliminated and blamed Bret for ‘ holding back his career ’ .
At the Royal Rumble ( 1994 ) , Bret and Owen were teamed up to face the Quebecers for the WWf Tag Team Titles in which Bret suffered a staged knee injury .
Owen attacked Bret saying that he cost him a chance to be a champion .
At Wrestlemania X , Bret lost to Owen , but went on to later beat Yokozuna to reclaim the WWF Championship .
Owen and Bret would again feud .
Jim Neidhart returned and was seemingly saving Bret match after match .
However , it was later unveiled that Neidhart was only keeping the strap around Bret ’s waist to aid Owen in winning the championship .
Bret defeated Owen in an epic steel cage match at the 1994 Summer Slam event .
Hart lost the title to Bob Backlund when Owen convinced Hart ’s mother Helen , to throw in the towel as Backlund had Hart trapped in his ‘ chicken wing ’ .
Bret recaptured the title by beating Backlund in a submission match at Wrestlemania XI .
At Wrestlemania XII , the historic 60 - minute iron man match with Shawn Michaels took place .
The wrestler with the most victories in 60 minutes would be declared the winner .
With nobody having a pinfall , Gorilla Monsoon , the acting president of the WWF , declared the match will continue in sudden death .
Michaels won with a super kick .
Bret took an eight month break and weighed his options to re-sign with the WWF or to latch on to fast - rising rival promotion WCW .
He eventually decided to sign with WWF .
He would feud with Stone Cold Steve Austin for almost a year .
As Austin went from heel to face , and Hart went from face to heel , the title was passed around .
Hart would berate American fans and reunited with Owen , Neidhart and Davey Boy Smith forming a heel Hart Foundation stable which feuded with The Nation of Domination for a few months .
Hart caught plenty of legit heat when he referred to Michaels and Triple H as ‘ homos ’ .
The infamous “ Montreal Screw Job ” took place with Bret thinking he would beat Shawn Michaels and retire the title the next night on Raw .
McMahon , who signed Hart to a 20 - year contract just one year earlier , asked Hart to renegotiate with WCW because the WWF could not afford to honor the big dollar contract Hart had signed .
Michaels put Hart in a Sharpshooter and Earl Hebner , the ref , immediately called for the bell , saying that Hart submitted .
Hebner later revealed that McMahon instructed him to handle the match that way .
Hart went nuts as he spit in McMahon ’s face , destroyed television equipment , and punched McMahon backstage .
Michaels , when confronted , told Bret he knew nothing about it , but later revealed that he knew a whole day before what was going to happen that night in Montreal .
Hart went to WCW in 1997 .
He strated out a hot commodity there , but would fade into mediocrity .
In my opinion , Hart was never promoted the way he should have been with the exception of his WCW arrival .
There were just too many big names with bigger egos in WCW , the eventual demise of that promotion .
In 1999 , Owen Hart tragically died when he fell practicing a descent to the ring via cables and harnesses .
Bret took some time off from wrestling to be with his family during the tough and tragic time .
He held a few championships while in WCW , but eventually tired of the travel and wear of his body .
Hart retired from pro wrestling in 2000 .
Hart was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006 .
He thanked everyone , even McMahon , but later said he was uncomfortable in the company of his former employer .
Hart suffered a stroke in 2002 when he hit a pothole while riding his bike and landed on his head .
He has since recovered and only suffers from occasional emotional trauma , common in stroke victims .
He is currently inactive with wrestling and says his life is ‘ in a good place ’ .
Timeline : Scientology
Over its short lifetime as an organized church , Scientology has drawn controversy even as it has expanded across the United States and the world .
Here , browse some significant moments in the history of the church .
Low -lying clouds over the Kennedy Space Center , which moved in Saturday night , were pinpointed as the factor .
" I 'm not comfortable for launch tonight , " Leinbach said .
The launch has been rescheduled for 3:14 a.m. ( CST ) Monday .
With the exception of the weather problems , which would have impacted the Endeavour had an emergency return to the Cape been required , all systems were working perfectly during the countdown .
There are only four Space Shuttle flights scheduled after the Endeavour .
This is the last night - time launch planned .
Over the last couple of months the IPCC ’s Fourth Assessment Report ( published in February 2007 ) has been at the centre of a media storm .
Revaluations about exaggerated or groundless claims have called into question the reputation of an organisation that has assumed a mantle of scientific invincibility during the last three years .
Alarmist predictions about the future of Himalayan glaciers , the Amazon rain forests , agricultural production in Africa , increasing devastation caused extreme weather events and rising sea levels have been shown to be based on evidence that at best is anything but robust and at worst is no more than hearsay .
Worse still , it seems that the authors of the report were aware of the shortcomings of the evidence they were relying on but used it anyway .
Publication on the Internet of over a thousand emails from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , now known as Climategate , has added to disquiet about the IPCC ’s activities .
They suggest that Professor Phil Jones and many other leading climate scientists have attempted to subvert the accepted standards of their profession in order to protect their research findings from criticism .
Many of those involved have been extremely influential within the IPCC process and the emails reveal an unhealthy culture of hostility towards anyone who questions the orthodox view of climate change that this organisation represents .
It is questionable whether objective scientific research can take place under such circumstances .
The effect on the IPCC ’s reputation , and that of its chairman Dr Rajendra Pachauri , has been devastating , but at every stage of this scandal we have been assured that the core science underpinning concern about anthropogenic climate change has remained unscathed .
The IPCC and its supporters have been able to undertake this damage limitation exercise because attention so far has focused on only one of the three sections of the most recent assessment report : Working Group II : Impacts , Adaptation and Vulnerability .
This deals with the symptoms and perceived consequences of climate change .
The core scientific evidence that the climate is changing and that human influence is playing a part in this is contained in another section of the report , Working Group I : Climate Change 2007 : the Physical Basis .
But can we be confident that the same problems of sloppy authorship and exaggeration do not extend to this part of the IPCC ’s assessment too ?
On page 8 of the Working Group I : Summary for Policymakers there is a table ( SPM.2 ) that has the following snappy title :
Recent trends , assessment of human influence on the trend and projections for extreme weather events for which there is an observed late - 20th century trend .
http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg1/ar4-wg1-spm.pdf
Extreme weather events are a particularly potent weapon in the battle to win hearts and minds for the crusade against climate change .
Hurricanes ( cyclones ) , droughts , floods and heat waves all feature as dramatic news stories regularly ; they are the stuff of which editor ’s dreams are made .
A combination of dramatic pictures and human interest assures them a place in the headlines , and on the front pages , whenever there is an excuse for publishing them .
From the point of view of those who wish to promote the idea of anthropogenic global warming such stories present a wonderful opportunity .
If extreme weather events can be linked to catastrophic climate change in the public consciousness then the message that humans are influencing the climate , with appalling consequences , is going to be reinforced repeatedly because hardly a month goes by without some kind of weather related disaster being reported .
This is what Table SPM.2 says : [ A ]
Phenomenon aand direction of trend [ B ]
Likelihood that trend occurred in late 20th century ( typically post 1960 ) [ C ]
Likelihood of a human contribution to observed trend b [ D ] Likelihood of future trends based on projections for 21st century using SRES scenarios [ 1 ]
Warmer and fewer cold daysand nights over most landareas Very likely c [ > 90 % ]
Likely e >60 % Virtually certain e >99 % [ 2 ]
Warmer and more frequenthot days and nights overmost land areas Very likely d > 90 % Likely ( nights ) e > 60 % Virtually certain e >99 % [ 3 ]
Warm spells / heat waves .
Frequency increases overmost land areas Likely > 60 %
More likely than not f > 50 %
Very likely >90 % [ 4 ]
Heavy precipitation events .
Frequency ( or proportion oftotal rainfall from heavy falls ) increases over most areas Likely > 60 %
More likely than not f > 50 %
Very likely >90 % [ 5 ]
Area affected by droughtsincreases
Likely in many regions since 1970s > 60 %
More likely than not > 50 % Likely > 60 % [ 6 ]
Intense tropical cycloneactivity increases Likely in some regions since 1970 > 60 %
More likely than not f > 50 % Likely > 60 % [ 7 ]
Increased incidence ofextreme high sea level ( excludes tsunamis ) g Likely > 60 %
More likely than not f , h > 50 % Likely I >60 %
For ease of reference I ’ve made a few additions to this table in square brackets .
The columns are now labelled A - D and the rows 1 - 7 .
I ’ve also added numerical values for probabilities ( ‘ likelihood ’ ) .
These are explained briefly in a footnote on page 3 of the Summary for Policymakers , and in more detail in Box TS.1 in the Technical Summary of Working Group I as follows :
Likelihood Terminology Likelihood of the occurrence / outcome Virtually certain > 99 % probability Extremely likely > 95 % probability Very likely > 90 % probability Likely > 66 % probability
More likely than not > 50 % probability About as likely as not 33 to 66 % probability Unlikely < 33 % probability Very unlikely < 10 % probability Extremely unlikely < 5 % probability Exceptionally unlikely < 1 % probability
If we look at row [ 3 ] in Table SPM . 2 for example , which deals with heat waves , we find the following :
Column
A describes a phenomenon and a trend : heatwaves becoming more frequent .
Column B assesses the ‘ likelihood ’ that this trend has been confirmed by observation : is there empirical scientific evidence that heatwaves have become more frequent ?
Column C introduces a hypothesis : if a trend in the frequency of heat waves has been observed then human activity is contributing to that trend .
The likelihood of this being true is assessed .
Column D considers a prediction about the trend – increasing frequency of heat waves – continuing during the rest of the 21st century .
This prediction is based on a range of scenarios set out in the SPM from Page 18 onwards .
All of these envisage a world in which the fraction of Co 2 in the atmosphere is growing as a result of human activity with a consequent rise in global temperatures exceeding any natural variation that can be expected .
In terms of the scientific method , we start with an assumption in Column [ A ] ; heatwaves are increasing .
This is then tested by observation in Column [ B ] : is it possible to detect an increase in the number of heatwaves , particularly during the last fifty years ?
A hypothesis follows in Column [ C ] : if it can be shown that there has been an increase in the number of heat waves , then anthropogenic warming has contributed to this .
Finally , in Column [ D ] , there is a prediction that depends on the preceding columns .
If we now look at the levels of ‘ likelihood ’ that the IPCC have assigned in each column we find something really quite remarkable .
There is only a 60 % – 89 % chance that the frequency of heat waves have in fact increased ; this leaves significant room for doubt that any such trend exists .
There is even less confidence ( 50 % – 59 % ) that , if an increase in heat waves has occurred – and we ’re not sure it has – then human activity has something to do with it .
The conclusion that the IPCC draws from this is that , although there is a significant level of uncertainty as to whether the frequency of heat waves has increased during the last half century , and there is even more uncertainty as to whether , if the frequency has in fact increased , this can be attributed to human influence , a prediction can be made that heatwaves will increase during the next ninety years as a result of anthropogenic global warming .
The ‘ likelihood ’ assigned to this is of 90 - 94 % .
Therefor according to the IPCC , confidence in the prediction is higher than confidence in either the observations or the hypothesis that the prediction is based on .
This makes no sense to me , but then I am not a scientist , let alone a climate scientist .
It would be very interesting to hear the views of researchers from other disciplines , not on the merits of the scientific evidence , but as to whether this table does in fact defy logic .
Scanning the levels of ‘ likelihood ’ expressed in the rest of the table shows a remarkable consistency .
The ‘ likelihood ’ expressed in Column [ B ] is higher than that in Column [ C ] , but Column [ D ] is higher than in Column [ C ] .
In some instances the assessment of ‘ likelihood ’ in Column [ D ] is higher than in either Columns [ B ] or [ C ] .
So in each case the IPCC are saying that they have greater confidence in the predictions than in the hypothesis on which it is based , and in some cases that confidence in the prediction is even higher than in the observed trend .
The Working Group I Summary for Policymakers is intended to present a transparent and objective assessment of whether anthropogenic global warming is taking place , and do so in a way that is accessible to laypeople who would be unable to draw their own conclusions from the thousands of pages of scientific references in the main report .
To a great extent this requires that policy makers must trust the scientists who write the IPCC ’s reports , and they are likely to do so .
We are repeatedly assured that the IPCC ’s findings are based on the most carefully reviewed scientific research and therefore there is no room for argument about the facts .
This point of view is epitomised by the oft - repeated mantras , ‘ the science is settled ’ and ‘ you ca n’t argue with the science ’ .
The take - away message for anyone reading Table SPM.2 is that the IPCC attaches a high level of confidence to predictions that anthropogenic warming will cause extreme weather events to increase during the current century .
They do not need to add that droughts , floods , hurricanes and heat waves cause loss of life and wreak economic havoc and misery on those who experience them .
Regular news converge of such events leaves us in no doubt about this .
Such events are the most visible and dramatic symptoms of our restless climate and we are well aware of their consequences .
The IPCC ’s message to policy makers is clear : reduce greenhouse gas emissions now or more people will get hurt , and it will be your fault .
So it is very important that those who are in a position to allocate billions of pounds , dollars or euros to fighting global warming should be fully aware of the methodology that the IPCC is using to reach this conclusion , and particularly just what confidence can be placed in their predictions .
The footnote on Page 3 of the Working Group I Summary for Policymakers that describes how confidence in scientific understanding and predicted outcomes is assessed says this :
In this Summary for Policymakers , the following terms have been used to indicate the assessed likelihood , using expert judgement , of an outcome or a result …
My emphasis http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg1/ar4-wg1-spm.pdf
Therefore the predictions of ‘ likelihood ’ in Table SPM.2 are not derived from any specific research contained in the assessment report but rely on the views of the authors of the report .
So we are not talking about confidence levels that have been arrived at mathematically here , but the opinions of scientists .
And reliance on their opinions is far reaching .
A minuscule footnote ( f ) to Table SPM.1 says :
Magnitude of anthropogenic contributions not assessed .
Attribution for these phenomena based on expert judgement rather than formal attribution studies .
( see the original document for all the footnotes )
This refers to the predictions in Column [ C ] rows 3,4,6 and 7 .
It would appear that so far as these categories of extreme weather events are concerned there are no studies cited in the report that attribute human influence to the phenomena concerned , and the claims made in the table are based entirely on the ‘ expert judgement ’ of the authors .
Looking at the notes accompanying Table SPM.2 we find that it summarises the findings of Chapter 3 of the Working Group I section of the report : Observations : Surface and Atmospheric Climate Change .
The coordinating lead authors of this chapter were Dr Kevin E Trenberth of National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) , and Professor Phil Jones , at that time director of he Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia .
The CRU emails leaked on the internet before Christmas made Professor Jones the unwilling star of what has been described as the biggest scientific scandal in living memory .
He has now stepped down as director of the CRU pending inquiries into Climategate .
Dr Trenberth was also one of the correspondents featured in the Climategate emails and he has this to say ( 12/10/2009 ) in a message to Professor Michael Mann of Hockey Stick graph fame concerning the present decade long standstill in global warming ;
Well I have my own article on where the heck is global warming ?
We are asking that here in Boulder … [ Colorado , home to NCAR ]
The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a
travesty that we can’t .
The CERES data published in the August BAMS 09 supplement on 2008 shows there should be even more warming : but the data are surely wrong .
Our observing system is inadequate .
1255352257.txt
This suggests that Dr Trenberth ’ reaction to observed data that fail to match predictions is to reconsider the observations rather than question the skill of the predictions ; something that I think most research scientists would find alarming .
( This message was copied to Stephen H Schneider , Myles Allen , Peter Stott , Phil Jones , Benjamin Santer , Tom Wigley , Thomas R Karl , Gavin Schmidt , James Hansen and Michael Oppenheimer .
Although it is outside the scope of this post , it is worth noting that three of the recipients are involved in compiling global surface temperature records : Jones ( CRU ) , Karl ( NOAA ) , and Hansen ( NASA GISS ) ) .
In 2005 Dr Trenberth organised a major ‘ media event ’ at which he informed the world ’s press that global warming was causing increased hurricane activity .
This led to the resignation from the IPCC of hurricane expert Chris Landsea who was the contributing author responsible for the hurricanes section of Working Group I Chapter 3 of the Fourth Assessment Report .
Prior to the press conference , Landsea warned Trenberth – who was not a hurricane expert – that there were no credible research findings that supported this view , but his warning was ignored .
When Landsea complained to the governing council of the IPCC that making claims without sound scientific evidence would prejudice the organisation ’s credibility their response was to defend Trenberth ’s behaviour .
The extent of the scandal revealed by the CRU emails is beyond the scope of this post , but one quotation from a message written by Professor Jones would seem to be particularly relevant so far as the matter of ‘ expert judgement ’ is concerned :
As you know , I ’m not political .
If anything , I would like to see the climate change happen , so the science could be proved right , regardless of the consequences .
This is n’t being political , it is being selfish .
1120593115.txt
Does this suggest a frame of mind in which one can reasonably expect a scientist to exercise his ‘ expert judgement ’ objectively ?
There is plenty of circumstantial evidence in the CRU emails suggesting that Jones may have behaved improperly both in connection with his own research and his contributions to the IPCC .
Climategate , and Jones ’ conduct , are now the subject of inquiries by both the University of East Anglia and The House of Commons Select Committee on Science and Technology .
As well as being the Coordinating Lead Authors on Working Group I Chapter 3 , both Trenberth and Jones were Draft Contributing Authors for the Working Group 1 Summary for Policymakers .
It is inconceivable that they would not have been involved in the creation and inclusion of Table SPM.2 in that summary .
One of the most worrying aspects of the flaws in the IPCC ’s Working Group II report , which have already received so much publicity , is that they have only come to light because they were publicised by bloggers .
As I said earlier in this post , I am not a scientist and there may be perfectly reasonable explanations for the apparent inconsistencies that Table SPM. 2 reveals that I have missed .
So far as I am aware there is no one involved with the IPCC who I can ask about this in the expectation of getting a fair and objective response .
If the Working Group I report is to be scrutinised , then this too is only likely to happen if bloggers persistently ask awkward questions .
At the beginning of this week Professor Jones gave evidence before the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee .
Andrew Orlowski of The Register ended a very perceptive report of the proceedings by concluding that the committee may have come to the conclusion ‘ that rotten scientists perhaps mean rotten science ’ .
At the time that the IPCC ’s Fourth Assessment Report was published there was no one outside the sceptical bogosphere who was likely to entertain the idea that this vast and heavily hyped document might contain egregious errors .
All that has changed now with the revelations concerning Working Group II .
It is high time that the same detailed analysis is applied to the findings of Working Group I , the part of the report that is supposed to provide the real evidence for anthropogenic global warming .
Furthermore , where the behaviour of scientists as revealed by Climategate is in doubt , their input to the IPCC reports should be scrutinised , otherwise the IPCC ’s claims that none of the revelations so far have weakened the essential evidence of anthropogenic global warming will be credible .
The address headers of the CRU emails read like a list of the IPCC hierarchy .
Here is one last word about the IPCC use of ‘ expert judgement ’ in assessing the probability of scientific understanding and likelihood ’s .
The United Nations Environment Programme is one of the parent bodies of the IPCC , with the World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) .
UNEP handled the publicity for the February 2007 press release of the Working Group I Summary for Polichymakers .
This is the headline that they used :
Evidence of Human - caused Global Warming “ Unequivocal ” , says IPCC UNEP Press Release
The media worldwide dutifully ran headlines and stories that said exactly that , but the term ‘ unequivocal ’ only appears once in the Summary for Policymakers in the following context :
Warming of the climate system is unequivocal … AR4 SPM
The supposed human contribution to this warming , which amount to significantly less than 1 oC is assessed as ‘ very likely ’ , which falls a long way short of ‘ unequivocal ’ , so it appears that UNEP were prepared to ‘ sex up ’ this report from the outset .
In the IPCC ’s Third Assesment Report , published in 2001 , the probability that humans are contributing to climate change was assessed as ‘ likely ’ .
It would be very interesting to know whose ‘ expert judgement ’ led to the probability being increased to ‘ very likely ’ in 2007 , and on what considerations this decision was based .
Senate leadership will aggressively whip votes for a public option if the House passes it first , according to Majority Whip Dick Durbin 's ( D - Ill. ) office .
In a statement to the Progressive Change Campaign Committee ( PCCC ) , Durbin 's office said that the House must first pass the Senate bill in identical form , then could include a public option in separate legislation that would pass the Senate through budget reconciliation , a tactic that allows the majority to pass bills with 51 votes instead of 60 .
" I want to be crystal - clear : Sen . Durbin and the rest of the Senate leadership will be aggressively whipping for the public option if it is included in the reconciliation bill the House sends over , " said Joe Shoemaker , a spokesman for Durbin .
Progressives will respond by turning their pressure toward House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , flooding her office with calls and running ads in her district , according to a PCCC spokesman .
However , Durbin 's office said they would not let the public option stand in the way of the larger healthcare bill , indicating they do not necessarily expect the public option to ever make it to a vote .
" All of these vital and important things will not come to pass if we make one provision — the public option — the only thing we fight for .
It must be balanced against all the other items as well , " said Shoemaker .
At this point , it 's not clear the Senate has the votes for a public option .
Progressives have garnered 41 pledges from Senate Democrats to support it , still nine short of the 50 needed , assuming Vice President Joe Biden would break the tie .
Nor is it clear that the House can pass the Senate bill without the support of pro-life Democrats .
Assuaging their concerns has been the top priority for House leaders , and there 's been little indication that Democrats plan on making a renewed push for the public option .
Durbin's office also criticized progressives for holding Democrats ' feet to the fire over the issue .
" Instead of calling out senators like Durbin who have staunchly supported and fought for progressive principles to be included in the health reform bill , people need to look at what is possible and what is lost by actions like this , " Shoemaker said .
Reports earlier this week indicated that Durbin would whip votes against the public option to help ease passage of the reconciliation " fix " bill .
Durbin's office clarified Friday that the Illinois Democrat would only oppose such a measure if it came up as a modification to the reconciliation bill the House sends over .
( To get the House to pass the Senate bill , Senate leaders are promising to pass exactly the changes the House proposes . )
Two releases from government statistical agencies this week show that the state 's economy is still pretty bad , but that its long fall may have finally bottomed out .
The state unemployment rate is 14.1 percent , down from its peak .
Michigan 's per capita personal income was down again , but Michigan was not the worst state in the country .
The state 's annual per capita personal income fell by $ 928 from 2008 to 2009 .
But the rest of the country also fell .
Unlike what happened in previous years , Michigan looks comparatively better .
Instead of having one of the five worst annual declines , which has been a frequent occurrence since 2004 , Michigan 's per capita personal income performed 34th best among the states — below average but far from being one of the five worst .
Overall , Michigan is currently ranked 37th among the states in per capita personal income and is 13.1 percent below the national average — still not good but similar to the previous two years .
Bottoming out is an especially welcome occurrence considering the state 's dismal performance since 2000 .
Michigan 's per capita GDP fell from 19th to 41st between 2000 and 2008 — a precipitous drop from one of the 20 most productive states to one of the 10 least productive in less than a decade .
Still , transfer payments , which are largely made from government for social assistance programs , increased substantially in Michigan .
They now account for 22 percent of all income in the state .
Without them , Michigan drops to 41st among the states in per capita personal income .
New figures released by the state office of labor market information show that Michigan 's unemployment rate decreased from 14.3 percent to 14.1 percent — below its peak of 14.5 percent in December .
The last time Michigan 's rate dropped 0.4 percentage points in such a short period of time was in 2005 , when it dropped from 7.2 to 6.8 percent over the course of five months .
Michigan 's unemployment rate was last above 14 percent in the 1980s , and if Michigan bounces back in a similar fashion , it could still be a long journey .
The state 's unemployment began climbing in April of 1978 , peaked in December of 1982 , and was n't until January 1989 that the rate fell below 7 percent .
The federal Bureau of Labor Statistics will release the state - by - state results on Friday , which will let Michigan residents know whether the state maintains the highest unemployment rate in the country .
Michigan is seeing better news on its economy , but it is not yet good news .
~~~~~
See related story .
I recently celebrated my 40th birthday .
A friend joked to me , “ Hey , guess that means you ’re too old to program anymore ! ” I laughed on the outside , but it gave me pause .
Age discrimination is nothing to laugh about in our field .
COBOL guys faced this problem years ago as Java guys like me were ascending the ranks , and we laughed heartily about legacy code and their inflexibility with new technology .
Now the joke ’s on me .
Maybe you too .
And if it ’s not now , it will be soon enough .
Still laughing now ?
Yeah , I thought so .
Our field is ripe for age discrimination in so many ways .
We value hot , new technologies , the ability to absorb them at unheard of rates , working insane hours to push products out the door–all things attributed to the younger workers of our field .
And did I mention that younger workers are cheaper ?
A lot cheaper .
But the trends of computer science degrees do not bode well for having a plethora of young , cheap workers at a manager ’s disposal indefinitely .
In fact , all data point to one conclusion : CS degrees enrollments have been declining or flat for almost a decade .
And if anything , the candidate pool for hiring is getting worse , at least according to Jeff Atwood .
You ’re going to have to hire someone to write your next project , and with the backlash against outsourcing , who you gonna call , Egon ?
If you ’re thinking you ’re going to avoid the “ grey matter ” of software development , think again .
There are a number of myths about older software developers that continue to be perpetuated in IT and software development that somehow put older , experienced workers at a disadvantage in our field .
But they ’re largely crap and considering the degree trends , ignoring everyone 40 and over because we ’re too old seems plain foolish .
Let ’s debunk these myths one - by - one .
MYTH : Older software developers are more expensive than younger ones , making younger developers more desirable .
REALITY :
The real reason experienced developers are labeled as expensive is because staff salaries are the # 1 expense of any software organization .
The fact is , younger means cheaper .
But , while inexperienced , younger developers may save you budget , but they will cost you in the long run if that ’s all you have on your team .
Younger developers have n’t taken the lessons of failure to heart .
They have n’t had enough time to learn those lessons yet .
And guess whose money they ’re going to be learning on ?
Yours .
Think that wo n’t cost you money in missed deadlines and incomplete projects ?
Think again .
Yes , older software developers have higher salaries than younger ones .
But what exactly are you paying for here ?
With an experienced software developer , you ’re paying for all the experience that comes with past project successes and failures .
Those are expensive lessons if you want to pay for them directly during your tenure as a manager .
But if you buy into an experienced worker , that ’s like getting insurance against some of those classic mistakes in project management and software development that you do n’t have to repeat .
Meaning you look better on your annual review because you hired smart people that know how to get the job done .
MYTH : Older software developers are less flexible and less capable of learning new technologies because of their legacy knowledge .
REALITY :
It ’s actually because of their past experience , that more experienced software developers can migrate to new technologies , frameworks , and systems more quickly and in greater depth .
For example , if you learn a GUI framework in C / C++ , you have a mental model about message passing , event handling , MVC patterns used to design the system and separate presentation from back - end logic .
The very first time you learn a GUI framework , in addition to the syntax , the examples , and the quirks of the library , you also need to learn all the conceptual stuff .
And after two , three or more GUI frameworks , you notice that they all have very deep similarities outside of the syntax .
You might even notice newer frameworks have overcome substantial limitations that you used to have to work around with complicated hacks .
Those insights are lost on someone new to the framework .
And those insights can really boost productivity in ways you ’re not able to directly measure .
MYTH : Older software developers are less able to perform the arduous tasks of software development ( read : work long , painful hours ) because of family commitments and other attachments that younger workers do n’t have .
REALITY : I think it would be fair to state that experienced software developers are less willing to work those long , painful hours because they ’ve learned the hard way that there are productive limits to pushing yourself 80 hours a week for months on end .
It ’s called burnout , and I ’m willing to bet that anyone who has already experienced it in the past simply is n’t as eager to go there again .
But with that said , the supposed reason of “ family commitments ” is bogus .
High - quality , experienced software engineers are ruthless time managers , and those with families are even more motivated to get things done in allotted times .
They may have dance recitals and soccer games to attend to , but they also make up that time in off hours and highly focused work during the 40 hours they ’re given in a week .
Good software engineers with families must become highly efficient with personal time management or they quickly get buried with the deluge of work coming their way .
MYTH : Older software developers are less mentally agile than younger ones .
REALITY : Aging does affect the brain and it is measurable to show that older workers think more somewhat slowly than younger ones .
But mental agility is only part of the equation .
Thinking faster is n’t always better .
What about judgment ?
There ’s an old expression :
Good judgment comes from experience , experience from bad judgment .
Lost mental agility is a poor excuse to not hire an older software engineer in light of the fact they ’ve seen , done , and lived many more successes and failures than a younger developer .
Experienced developers have tons of past projects to draw from and assist in avoiding bad decisions today .
Younger developers have new ideas which are important , but often untested and unproven .
Having both perspectives on your team is of great value .
MYTH : Older software developers are more jaded and cynical and therefore , less desirable in the workplace than younger ones .
Younger developers are more enthusiastic than older ones .
REALITY : Anyone who believes this is probably someone who does n’t like their ideas criticized by those who ’ve been around long enough to see really stupid decisions put into practice again and again .
Experienced software developers smell crap a mile away .
They do n’t buy your stories about how the product is n’t well received in the marketplace because they ’ve been interacting with the customers for years and know you ’re trying to cover up a future layoff in the company .
They wo n’t put up with managers asking them to work 80 hours a week because the customer wants the software next month and they already told you it will take 3 more months to complete with the features agreed upon .
Younger developers have n’t been in those situations as frequently and therefore , have less resistance to bad management practices .
The only desirable trait management wants here is naivete .
If you want a great team and great products coming out of it , having people that can call you out on bad decisions will save your bacon again and again .
But only if you have the courage to admit you do n’t know everything .
And as far as enthusiasm goes , you ca n’t tell me age dampens enthusiasm .
If that was the case , Donald Knuth , Ward Cunningham , Bill Joy , Bill Gates and hundreds of others who ’ve crossed the magic 40 barrier would be less interested in our field just because of age .
But they ’re not .
Passion is passion .
If you have it when you ’re 40 , chances are you really love that field .
That kind of love is n’t going to die overnight .
Younger developers still finding their footing in the world may have short - term passion , but that can be swayed in the face of obstacles and challenges in the field along the way .
In conclusion , let me be absolutely clear about a few things :
Young is not necessarily bad .
Old is not necessarily good .
And most importantly , anyone who ca n’t program their way out of a wet paper bag should n’t be hired , no matter how old or young they are .
Keep your teams a vibrant mix of age and experience –where diversity exists , learning can take place .
But if you ’re the person looking to hire someone , do n’t write off the dude with the gray hair sitting across from you .
Let go of your age prejudice and see if they can impress you .
Someday that dude ( or dudette ) may be you .
Douglas J. Hagmann -
Today , it is rare that we hear anyone taking responsibility for their own actions .
It is even more of a rarity that we hear ...
" We consider that the European Council should become the economic government of the EU and we propose to increase its role in economic surveillance and the definition of the EU 's growth strategy . "
We do n't mean to rain on the stockmarket parade ( we 're enjoying it , too ) , but we 'll confess to being astonished by it .
We understand that the world 's governments are pumping money into their economies .
We understand that that money has to go somewhere .
We understand that , right now , that somewhere is often stocks .
We also recognize that the stock market is " forward looking , " meaning that stock investors could n't care less about 10 % unemployment and other depressing facts about the economy .
As far as stocks are concerned , as long as the situation is improving , it does n't matter how bad the present is .
But we 're looking forward , too , and here 's what we 're seeing :
The housing market , a huge engine of the U.S. economy via both direct spending and the wealth effect , is rolling over and heading for a double - dip .
This despite the fact that the government is still spending money hand over foot to keep house prices propped up .
In a week or so , the Fed is supposed to begin withdrawing some of this housing subsidy by winding up its mortgage - buying program .
The Fed may or may not actually do this , but if it does , this move could further depress the housing market .
And that , in turn , could put more pressure on strapped consumers who can no longer borrow from home - equity lines to fund current spending , no longer feel rich , do n't have much borrowing capacity , and , often , no longer have jobs .
( And consumers still account for more than 70 % of spending in the economy ) .
A falling housing market will also likely lead to more underwater homeowners , more " shadow " inventory , more foreclosures , more pressure on house prices , and , possibly , more bank write - offs .
The more banks are worried about future write - offs , the less likely they are to lend , and bank lending has already fallen off a cliff .
So , basically , we think the apparent double - dip in the housing market is a big deal , and we 're surprised that the market is whistling Dixie in the face of it .
If stocks were cheap , we would n't worry about it .
We would just assume that the market was so forward - looking that it was gazing beyond the double - housing - dip to the eventual recovery .
But stocks are n't cheap .
In fact , measured using our favorite valuation technique , Professor Robert Shiller 's cyclically adjusted PE analysis , they 're getting downright expensive .
Check out the chart below , from Professor Shiller 's web site .
The blue line is the cyclically adjusted PE ratio for the last 130 years .
Note a few things :
The long - term average for the cyclically adjusted PE is about 16X .
Obviously , that 's only an average .
Stocks have spent vast periods above the average and vast periods below it , usually in multi- decade cycles
We 've just descended from the longest period of extreme overvaluation in history , suggesting ( to us , anyway ) that the next multi- decade cycle is likely to be below the average
At today 's level , 1160 on the S&P , stocks are trading at a 21X CAPE , about 30 % above the long - term average
Blue line =
Cyclically adjusted PE , Red line = interest rates Yale Professor Robert Shiller
Now , also note that this apparent overvaluation does n't tell you anything about what will happen next .
As the blue line shows , stocks can get a great deal MORE overvalued than they are today .
And they can stay even more overvalued for a decade or more .
But what the apparent overvaluation does tell you -- or , at least , HAS TOLD you in the past -- is that your future returns are not going to be very good .
There 's a strong correlation between starting valuations and ending returns ( high valuations lead to low returns and low valuations lead to high returns ) .
And today 's valuations can now be described as " high . "
( Not extreme , but high . )
Yes , you can argue that " it 's different this time . "
You can argue that , since stocks have traded at an average CAPE of more than 20X for the past two decades , we 're in a new normal .
And you might be right .
But they do n't call " it 's different this time " the " four most expensive words in the English language " for nothing .
You can also argue that " interest rates are low , so P / Es should be high . "
That argument is in vogue right now , because there 's been an inverse correlation between P/ Es and interest rates for the last couple of decades .
But take a look at the RED line in Professor Shiller 's chart .
The red line is interest rates .
As you can see , if you go back more than a couple of decades , there 's not much correlation .
( In fact , as the great UK economist Andrew Smithers has observed , there 's none . )
Again , Prof .
Shiller 's chart does n't tell us what stocks are going to do in the near term .
As owners of index funds , what we'd like stocks to do is what they have been doing , which is keep going up .
We 're not expecting we 're going to get excellent long - term returns from this level , though .
And we 're really worried about that housing double - dip .
A lot of people think IT is very office - based and involves sitting at computers , in front of a monitor - that ’s definitely not the case .
We are constantly out on sites and being hands - on plugging things in - the job is also a combination of the physical and the technical .
The commons and commoners
By Ben Rosenfeld
OPINION
This is a call out to creative , fun- loving San Franciscans : the mayor , the police chief , and their downtown cronies have declared war on our grassroots arts culture , and they are coming for your actual and conceptual space next .
The future they promise is manifest in their many recent attacks on public and private gatherings , and their efforts to wrest the commons from the commoners .
On Halloween 2009 , the San Francisco Police , under their new chief , Los Angeles transplant George Gascón , shut down the Take Back Halloween Flashdance in front of the Ferry Building before DJ Amandeep " Deep " Jawa even arrived .
Then they shut down several smaller street parties .
Their official reason  that organizers lacked permits  is what Bill Clinton famously termed an explanation , but not an excuse .
The SFPD has a long history of not only tolerating unpermitted gatherings , but of rerouting traffic around and even escorting them .
The cops are fully empowered to grant the equivalent of on - the - fly permits .
Applying for an actual permit is cumbersome , costly , anti-spontaneous  and reinforces the SFPD ’s view of itself as censor .
Since Halloween , Chief Gascón ’s force has been striking a mighty blow against crime by writing scores of open container citations to revelers in Dolores Park ; fining or forcing the closure of SoMa clubs and bars for failing to conform to every fickle letter of the law ; and sending undercover officers into warehouse and studio parties to bust them from within , sometimes violently , and without warrants .
Perhaps the most un - San Franciscan of all Gascón ’s initiatives is his demand for an ordinance that would literally criminalize the very act of sitting or lying on certain public sidewalks at certain times .
Never mind the fact that most violent crime is committed by people standing up and in striking range .
Not only is the idea just plain mean , it is anathema to San Francisco ’s culture of compassion and broadmindedness , and its affirmative celebration of vibrant street culture .
The danger is not that the police will arrest everyone who dares to take a load off or sit and sip a Snapple against the side of a building , but that they will enforce the law selectively according to their own purity tests , while robbing the rest of us of the diversity and ferment which make us richer .
On March 27 , reclaim space for art and innovation .
Sit and lie on the public sidewalk !
March and sing in the public street !
Picnic on the pavement .
Pop open a beer in Dolores Park .
Do it without a permit .
The Constitution is your permit .
San Francisco ’s heritage of artistic experimentation is your permit .
Hell , the people telling you to get a permit flocked here because people like you marched around them in the first place and made this city inspiring .
Do it for them too .
This is a defining moment .
They are playing for keeps , and so must we .
Let ’s bask in San Francisco ’s ongoing heyday , not in quaint stories of what used to be .
Ben Rosenfeld is a lawyer in San Francisco .
Toyota in the News
Toyota in the News was a great website for Toyota enthusiasts .
What could you dislike about a website that allowed greater insight into the newest â€ ‹Toyota cars being introduced to the marketplace .
Many of my salesmen budddies and I would sit around after a busy morning contacting and pitching potential clients janitorial supplies and kibbitz during our lunch break about the newest Toyota models .
Then I 'd be back on the phone taking orders from clients who needed major brand dish soap & dishwashing detergents , specifically eco friendly detergents and the accompanying dispensers or other janitorial supplies .
Then when six o'clock came around our Toyota discussions would continue at the local bar where we always stopped for a beer before heading to our respective homes .
This site gave me a distinct advantage over some of my fellow workers who were n't familiar with the Toyota News site .
For a while there , I was the Toyota guru to my fellow workers .
Of course today with smart phones being ubiquitous , everyone can stay on top of the car news whether it is Toyota or some other manufacturer .
2011 News Posts
Toyota has become a remarkable company , offering high - quality vehicles that are increasingly in - demand by consumers .
With all the changes affecting the automotive industry in recent years , from gas price hikes to a dwindling sales in North American and in Japan , Toyota has remained strong thanks to its incredible lineup of reliable compacts and ultra fuel efficient hybrids .
At Toyota in the News , Toyota enthusiasts will be able to gain insights into Toyota news , get the latest information on new Toyota cars , trucks , and SUVs , and also gain information about Toyota dealers across the country .
+++
Toyota Adds Safety Tech To The 2012 Sequoia
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on OCTOBER 4 , 2011
The full - size Toyota Sequoia is one of the best vehicles for towing , which is why Toyota has added new technology to the 2012 model to make this task safer .
The 2012 Toyota Sequoia will receive enhanced towing safety with the addition of a Blind Spot Monitor available on Sequoia Platinum .
This system will warn drivers of vehicles that are traveling in their blind spots .
Additionally , the Sequoia will get Trailer Sway Control for the 2012 model year , a system that uses the Vehicle Stability Control ( VSC ) to help counteract handling forces acting on the truck in an effort to minimize the impact of trailer sway .
These systems are crucial for this SUV , which now features a 7,400 - lb. towing capacity .
This vehicle will also boast a standard 310 horsepower 4.6 - liter i-Force V8 , as well as an optional 381 horsepower 5.7 - liter V8 engine .
Like the outgoing model , the 2012 Sequoia will also receive a bevy of comfort and convenience features , undoubtedly making family road trips a little easier .
Available features include :
Power tilt / slide moonroof
Heated front leather - trimmed seats
Second - and third - row retractable sunshades
Steering wheel that integrates controls for the air conditioning system , Bluetooth - capable phones and other functions
Auto - dimming electrochromic rear - view mirror
3.3 - inch monitor in the rear - view mirror for the backup camera ( when not equipped with a navigation system )
JBL Synthesis AM / FM six - disc CD changer system with 14 speakers , SiriusXM Satellite Radio with a 90 - day trial subscription , Bluetooth technology and an auxiliary audio jack / USB port .
For more information on the updated 2012 Toyota Sequoia , see your local Toyota dealer .
+++
Advanced Toyota Tech Goes On Display
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on OCTOBER 3 , 2011
Toyota will exhibit its unique biotechnology and greening technologies in Aichi , Japan this month , hinting at what could become commercialized in just a few years .
Technologies include cellulosic ethanol yeast , smart green parking and smart green walls .
Toyota has long been committed to reducing CO2 emissions , which is what led to the development of cellulosic ethanol .
The automaker used gene recombination technology to develop a new strain of yeast that will play an important role in the fermentation process for producing cellulosic ethanol .
In addition to developing renewable energy sources such as bio-fuels , Toyota is also working to develop next - generation environment - friendly vehicles .
Ultimately , TMC plans to further improve bio - fuel production yield and to cooperate with energy companies to realize its goal of commercializing cellulosic ethanol by 2020 .
Additionally , Toyota has introduced its “ cool - spot creation technology ” for simulating the effects of greening and predicting the cooling effects of shade and transpiration created by trees .
This will allow for a visual simulation of greening effects that can determine the types , numbers , and positioning of trees needed to achieve the desired cooling effect .
With its unique technologies , Toyota is hoping to promote and build low - carbon houses and cities .
+++
Toyota Unveils Tacoma TRD T|X Baja Series Limited Edition
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 30 , 2011
For hardcore off - roading enthusiasts , your new truck has finally arrived .
Toyota has unveiled its Tacoma Toyota Racing Development ( TRD ) T|X ( Tacoma Extreme ) this week at the 2011 Texas State Fair .
The truck combines Toyota ’s Baja racing heritage with the Tacoma ’s legendary ruggedness .
This limited - edition features plenty of heavy - duty gear like an electronically - controlled locking differential , TRD off - road package with Bilstein race shocks and an increased ride height of two inches , BF Goodrich T/A KO tires and bead - lock style wheels .
Power for this model exclusively comes from Toyota ’s potent 4.0 - liter V6 engine , and buyers can choose between a six - speed manual or five - speed automatic transmission .
+++
Scion iQ Ready For October Debut
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 29 , 2011
Putting big - time style in a small - sized package , the all - new 2012 Scion iQ premium micro-subcompact is scheduled to go on sale in October with an MSRP of $ 15,265 .
The striking iQ is a city - friendly 10 feet in length — more than two feet shorter than a MINI — but will leverage several engineering innovations to provide “ the functionality and comfort that drivers expect from a car twice its size , ” according to Scion .
These include a compact , front - mounted differential ; a high - mounted steering rack ( with electronic power steering ) ; a compact air - conditioning unit ; a flat gas tank housed beneath the car ’s floor ; “ slim - back ” front seats ; and “ 3+1 ” offset seating that provides space for an adult sitting behind the front - seat passenger and room for a child or cargo behind the driver .
Thanks to these unique features , the iQ will be the smallest four - seat car available in the U.S .
And there ’s also room for a wide range of standard equipment , such as :
11 airbags , including Scion ’s first driver - and front - passenger seat - cushion airbags
A peppy and responsive 1.3 - liter I4 engine that makes 94 hp and 89 lb. - ft. of torque
A 160 - watt AM / FM / CD/HD/USB audio system with streaming audio capability
Eye - catching exterior design
A leather - wrapped , flat - bottomed steering wheel with integrated audio controls
Advanced suspension setups with MacPherson struts in the front and a compact torsion - beam rear suspension
Seven bold exterior colors — Blizzard Pearl , Classic Silver Metallic , Magnetic Gray Metallic , Black Sand Pearl , Hot Lava , Pacific Blue Metallic and Black Currant Metallic
“ Scion prides itself on being an innovative brand with a lineup of iconic vehicles that set automotive trends , ” said Jack Hollis , vice president of Scion .
“ The iQ is the fourth vehicle in the family , and it will define the premium micro-subcompact segment as the choice for new urbanites who want clever transportation without a sacrifice in style or new features . ”
+++
Toyota Venza Gets Three - Grade Model Line For 2012
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 28 , 2011
While Toyota ’s lineup continues to offer an assortment of crossovers and SUVs , the Venza still delivers a unique combination of sportiness and versatility .
For 2012 , the Venza will also get a new three - model grade line to give customers even more to choose from .
Buyers will be able to get the 2012 Toyota Venza in either LE , XLE , or Limited grades .
The LE and XLE models are available with all powertrain combinations including four - cylinder , V6 , front - wheel drive ( FWD ) or all - wheel drive ( AWD ) .
The range - topping Venza Limited comes with the V6 engine only , but offers the choice of front - wheel drive or all - wheel drive configurations .
+++
Toyota Honored As A “ Best Company For Diversity ”
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 27 , 2011
For the sixth consecutive year , Toyota ’s dedication to diversity has been honored by Black Enterprise — the team behind the prestigious Black Enterprise magazine — which has again named the automaker to its 2011 roster of 40 Best Companies for Diversity .
This year , Toyota earned its spot on the annual list specifically for its achievements in the area of supplier diversity .
“ The companies selected for distinction in this list not only demonstrated a commitment to diversity , but viewed it as a business imperative , ” said Sonia Alleyne , Black Enterprise Careers & Lifestyle editorial director .
“ The strength of Toyota ’s network of minority suppliers enables the company to be even more competitive on a global scale . ”
+++
Toyota Venza Gets Three - Grade Model Line For 2012
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 28 , 2011
While Toyota ’s lineup continues to offer an assortment of crossovers and SUVs , the Venza still delivers a unique combination of sportiness and versatility .
For 2012 , the Venza will also get a new three - model grade line to give customers even more to choose from .
Buyers will be able to get the 2012 Toyota Venza in either LE , XLE , or Limited grades .
The LE and XLE models are available with all powertrain combinations including four - cylinder , V6 , front - wheel drive ( FWD ) or all - wheel drive ( AWD ) .
The range - topping Venza Limited comes with the V6 engine only , but offers the choice of front - wheel drive or all - wheel drive configurations .
What is n’t changing is the Venza ’s fresh , modern design , which was the creation of Toyota ’s Calty Design studios in Newport Beach , Calif. , mad Ann Arbor , Mich .
With the same footprint as a midsize sedan , it offers loads of interior space for passengers , while still offering plenty of maneuverability .
Additionally , buyers will also appreciate the Venza ’s SUV attributes , such as cargo space , towing capability and available all - wheel drive traction .
Powering the base 2012 Venza is a 182 horsepower 2.7 - liter four - cylinder engine , which is rated at 27 mpg highway for the FWD model .
A powerful 3.5 - liter 268 horsepower V6 is also available .
The latter delivers 19 mpg city and 26 mpg highway .
For more on the 2012 Venza , visit your nearest Toyota dealer .
+++
Toyota Honored As A “ Best Company For Diversity ”
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 27 , 2011
For the sixth consecutive year , Toyota ’s dedication to diversity has been honored by Black Enterprise — the team behind the prestigious Black Enterprise magazine — which has again named the automaker to its 2011 roster of 40 Best Companies for Diversity .
This year , Toyota earned its spot on the annual list specifically for its achievements in the area of supplier diversity .
“ The companies selected for distinction in this list not only demonstrated a commitment to diversity , but viewed it as a business imperative , ” said Sonia Alleyne , Black Enterprise Careers & Lifestyle editorial director .
“ The strength of Toyota ’s network of minority suppliers enables the company to be even more competitive on a global scale . ”
This latest recognition is further proof positive that Toyota ’s “ 21st Century Diversity Strategy ” is paying dividends for both the company and its team members .
The program was launched in 2001 to set tangible diversity targets and is supported by a seven - member external advisory board helmed by Alexis Herman , former U.S. Secretary of Labor .
Since Toyota implemented this effort , the company has more than doubled its spending with diverse suppliers and seen the number of people of color in its workforce grow to nearly 30 percent .
In addition , Toyota has been lauded for its diversity efforts by a wide range of other third parties :
The automaker has been included among DiversityInc. ’s Top 50 Companies for Diversity and the Human Rights Campaign ’s Best Places to Work Corporate Equality Index for the past five and four years , respectively .
In recognition of its spending more than $ 1 billion annually with certified ethnic - and women - owned suppliers , Toyota was inducted into the Billion Dollar Roundtable .
It has also received both the Corporation of the Year award from the National Minority Supplier Development Council as well as the Distinguished Supplier Diversity Award from the Minority Business Development Agency .
“ At Toyota , diversity and inclusion have always been among our top priorities , and we are honored to be recognized by Black Enterprise , ” said Dian Ogilvie , senior vice president and chief diversity officer at Toyota Motor North America .
“ We believe constant growth towards a more inclusive environment is imperative not only in developing and retaining a talented workforce , but in fostering a corporate environment that mirrors the communities in which we do business .
As we remain committed to continuously improving , we will work closely with our senior managers and Diversity Advisory Board to enhance our efforts even further . ”
+++
Toyota , Ford To Partner On Next - Gen Hybrid Systems
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 26 , 2011
Two of the world leaders in hybrid technology for the auto industry — the Ford Motor Company and Toyota Motor Corporation — have announced they are joining forces to develop an advanced hybrid propulsion system for the next generation of light trucks and SUVs .
The two automakers will work as equal partners in this important effort , with the new system is expected to debut before the end of the decade .
“ By working together , we will be able to serve our customers with the very best affordable , advanced powertrains , delivering even better fuel economy , ” said Ford President and CEO Alan Mulally .
“ This is the kind of collaborative effort that is required to address the big global challenges of energy independence and environmental sustainability . ”
The new hybrid initiative builds on earlier , independent research from both companies , and will be aimed specifically at rear - wheel - drive applications .
But note that , although the hybrid system is being built collaboratively , the current memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) between the two automakers calls for Ford and Toyota to “ independently integrate the new hybrid system in their future vehicles separately ” — in other words , do n’t expect the vehicles themselves to share much more than the system itself .
“ Toyota is extremely proud to join Ford in developing a hybrid system for pickup trucks and SUVs , ” said Toyota President Akio Toyoda .
“ Not only is this tie - up clearly one aimed at making automobiles ever better , it should also become an important building block for future mobility in the U.S.
By building a global , long - term relationship with Ford , our desire is to be able to continue to provide people in America automobiles that exceed their expectations . ”
+++
Toyota Lowers Prices On 2012 Camry Lineup
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 23 , 2011
The Toyota Camry — the best - selling car in America for nine consecutive years — has been completely redesigned for the 2012 model year with more of just about everything — except for its price .
Although MSRPs on V6 models remain unchanged , all high - efficiency four - cylinder 2012 Camry models except the base Camry L , which is primarily a fleet vehicle , showcase price reductions .
And this includes the Camry Hybrid models :
Camry LE , responsible for 60 percent of all Camry sales , will have an MSRP of $ 22,500 , representing a $ 200 price decrease .
The sporty Camry SE benefits from a $ 965 price cut and will begin at $ 23,000 .
Offering a wide range of premium amenities , the four - cylinder Camry XLE now starts at $ 24,725 , a full $ 2,000 lower than in 2011 .
The base MSRP of the Camry Hybrid LE falls to $ 25,900 , lower by $ 1,150 as compared to 2011 .
The up - level Camry Hybrid XLE will open with a starting price $ 800 below the 2011 model , at $ 27,400 .
Then , to further bolster this new high - value pricing , Toyota upped content levels across the board .
For example :
Camry LE adds Toyota ’s new Display Audio system , with a 6.1 - inch touch screen and Bluetooth - enabled music streaming , and features remote keyless entry , auto on / off headlamps , chrome - accented side rocker panels , and steering - wheel - mounted audio and Bluetooth controls .
New 17 - inch alloy wheels , Display Audio , an aero body kit , sport - tuned suspension and steering , model - specific headlamps with black sport - trim bezels , chrome exhaust tips , leather interior accents , paddle shifters , heated outside mirrors , and unique sport seats are all now included with the Camry SE .
For a more premium experience , the XLE builds on the comfort and convenience features of the SE and ups the ante with items like integrated chrome fog lamps , wood - style interior trim , dual - zone auto climate control with rear air vents and an eight - way power - adjustable driver seat .
As for the hybrid models , the big news is a 30 percent improvement in fuel efficiency , with the 2012 versions now capable of up to 43 mpg city / 39 mpg highway / 41 mpg combined — better than either the Ford Fusion or Hyundai Sonata hybrids .
Drivers can look for the all - new 2012 Toyota Camry to reach local dealerships in October of this year .
+++
2012 Toyota Camry To Pace Daytona 500
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 22 , 2011
The Toyota Camry already is the best - selling car in America , as well as the car with the highest level of U.S. - made parts , and it ’s been built in this country for the past 25 years and counting .
The next step in its transformation into a true American icon ?
The all - new Toyota Camry will be the pace car of the 2012 Daytona 500 — the Great American Race .
“ NASCAR and Daytona International Speedway provide a uniquely American platform for manufacturers to display their technology , innovation and overall automotive excellence , ” said Daytona International Speedway President Joie Chitwood III .
“ After nearly eight years of competing at NASCAR ’s highest level , I ’m pleased to have the 2012 Toyota Camry pace the Daytona 500 . ”
And significantly , those eight years of experience have brought Toyota 36 trips to the winner ’s circle in stock - car racing ’s elite series , as well as 60 victories and three consecutive manufacturer ’s championships in the Nationwide Series , and 88 wins and five straight manufacturer ’s titles in NASCAR ’s full - size pickup competition .
“ We ’re thrilled to be able to feature the new Camry in Daytona at the season ’s biggest race , ” said Ed Laukes , TMS corporate manager of motorsports marketing .
“ We think the Daytona 500 is the perfect place to showcase the all - new Camry .
We knew when the opportunity arose to partner together with Daytona that it would be an extraordinary way to highlight our new Camry , as well as reinforce Toyota ’s commitment to NASCAR and its fans . ”
The completely redesigned Toyota Camry goes on sale this October and will set the pace at Daytona on Feb. 26 , 2012 .
+++
2012 Toyota Camry Hybrid Boasts Best - In - Class Fuel Efficiency
by TOYOTA IN THE NEWS on SEPTEMBER 21 , 2011
Wearing the same sophisticated and 100 percent new sheet metal as the gas - only model , the 2012 Toyota Camry Hybrid sets a fresh benchmark for fuel - economy among mid-size hybrid sedans , delivering an EPA estimated 43 mpg city / 39 mpg highway / 41 mpg .
That ’s an improvement of more than 30 percent as compared to the 2011 model — and it now tops the performance of the Ford Fusion Hybrid , Hyundai Sonata Hybrid and Kia Optima Hybrid as well .
It ’s the result of both significant weight reduction and aerodynamic improvements , along with a number of important upgrades to Toyota ’s Hybrid Synergy Drive system .
Among them : A new , more powerful 2.5 - liter gas engine with intelligent variable valve timing and a new water - cooled exhaust gas recirculation system that also helps to reduce emissions .
Thanks to these changes and more , the Camry Hybrid not only can achieve the already - mentioned EPA numbers , but it also provides drivers with 200 combined horsepower .
Other upgrades for the new model year include :
Improved sound insulation in the engine compartment
More linear power delivery
Enhanced efficiency measures for maintaining power to vehicle systems when the engine is off
Newly optimized regenerative braking
A more compact battery for extra trunk room
Larger , 17 - inch low - rolling - resistance tires
A longer ( 1.6 miles ) all - electric driving range at speeds under 25 mph
But even with this comprehensive overhaul of the Camry Hybrid , Toyota has sliced a full $ 1,150 from its MSRP , which is now just $ 25,900 — that ’s $ 2,700 lower than the base MSRP of the Ford Fusion Hybrid .
The 2012 Camry Hybrid is slated to reach dealerships in October .
ToyotaInTheNews.com
Update 3 : Here 's the story of how panicking just enough may have saved Google 's answer to Facebook and Twitter .
Update 2 : Google has made further changes that address most -- but not all -- of our concerns .
Update 1 : Google released some privacy fixes for Buzz .
They 're a nice start , but we do n't think they go far enough .
Read more here : Sorry , Google 's Improvements To Buzz Don't Fix Privacy Flaw
Earlier :
There is a huge privacy flaw in Google 's new Twitter / Facebook competitor , Google Buzz .
When you first go into Google Buzz , it automatically sets you up with followers and people to follow .
A Google spokesperson tells us these people are chosen based on whom the users emails and chats with most using Gmail .
That 's fine .
The problem is that -- by default -- the people you follow and the people that follow you are made public to anyone who looks at your profile .
In other words , before you change any settings in Google Buzz , someone could go into your profile and see the people you email and chat with most .
A Google spokesperson asked us to phrase this claim differently .
Like this : " In other words , after you create your profile in Buzz , if you do n't edit any of the default settings , someone could visit your profile and see the people you email and chat with most ( provided you did n't edit this list during profile creation ) . "
( Freaking out already ?
Here 's how to IMMEDIATELY make these list private and then edit them >)
When you first post to Google Buzz , there is a dialogue box that reads " Before participating in Buzz , you need a public profile with your name and photo . "
It also says -- albeit in tiny gray letters against a white background , " Your profile includes your name , photo , people you follow , and people who follow you . "
But it does not say that these publicly viewable follower lists are made up of people you most frequently email and chat with .
Even if it did say that , we doubt most users bother to read the text in the dialogue box before clicking " save profile and continue . "
( This is why it 's always safest for Web services providers to make it so sharing information is always an " opt - in , " rather than " opt- out , " setting .
Just ask Facebook , which still remembers Beacon . )
There is also a " Welcome To Buzz " panel that shows who you are following and who is following you .
In a long bit of unbolded text , it says " Buzz is a new way to share updates , photos , videos and more , and start conversations about the things you find interesting .
You 're already set up to follow the people you email and chat with the most . "
If a user notices the box , it might help users " catch " that they might be following people they do n't want the world to know they 're following .
But you do n't have to close the box to use Buzz .
Closing the box does not trigger a warning or anything else that alerts the user they 've agreed to publish a list of the people they email and chat with most .
It looks like this :
The whole point is : Google should just ask users : " Do you want to follow these people we 've suggested you follow based on the fact that you email and chat with them ?
Warning :
This will expose to the public who you email and chat with most . "
Google should not let users proceed to using Buzz until they click , " Yes , publish these lists . "
In my profession -- where anonymous sourcing is a crucial tool -- the implications of this flaw are terrifying .
But it 's bad for others too .
Two obvious scenarios come to mind :
Imagine if a wife discovering that her husband emails and chats with an old girlfriend a ton .
Imagine a boss discovers a subordinate emails with executives at a competitor .
A Google spokesperson tells us the followers lists are public by default so that people can quickly find new people to follow .
Obviously , that 's a good thing for Google , which is hoping to get as many people using Google Buzz as soon as possible .
It 's also meant to be helpful for users .
And for those who are unconcerned with telling the world who they email most , it is .
But for everyone else , it 's terrible .
It gets to a deeper problem with Google Buzz :
It 's built on email , which is a very different Internet application than a social network .
The good news for Google is that this is a very easy problem to fix .
Google must either shut off auto - following , or it must make follower lists private by default as soon as possible .
In the meantime , here 's how to IMMEDIATELY make these list private and then edit them >
Update :
We 've updated this post to emphasize that there are a few instances where Google does allow users to opt - out of inadvertently publishing a list of the people they email and chat with most .
We continue to believe these chances to opt - out do not force the user to make a real choice about this setting .
We believe Google could and should simply make this feature " opt - in " so that people know what they 're doing .
We 're stunned the people at Google do n''t agree .
We bet they change their minds .
On that point , here 's a statement from Google :
" We thought very carefully about how to create a great experience in Google Buzz with as minimal setup as possible .
We designed our auto - following system to enable users to immediately see content from the people they email and chat with most , so when they start using Buzz , it " just works . "
If users are automatically followed to anyone they 'd rather not follow , it 's easy to remove these individuals during the auto - following step by clicking on the " edit " link and then clicking " unfollow " next to their names .
After that , the first time the user creates a post or comment , we ask them to create a profile , principally so they have a name to display next to their post .
There 's more information on why you need a profile here : http://mail.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=17073.
In this profile creation step , we inform users that the lists of people they follow and people following them will be displayed on their profile , and make it easy to view and edit these lists .
We also make it possible to hide the lists of people they 're following and people following them from their profile . "
Photo : Kevin Steele
[ Update – Thank you to the Redditors for promoting this – I love you too .
Now help kill this bill :-) ]
In 1605 Robert Catesby tried to destroy Parliamentary democracy in the United Kingdom .
His plot was unmasked and the man employed to instigate it was caught in the cellars underneath the House of Commons on 5 November , his name was Guy Fawkes .
In 2010 new forces are trying again .
Not anarchic or Islamic extremists , but people much closer to rungs of power .
They have no need for gunpowder .
They have no need to arm themselves .
They have a compliant Parliament that will allow them to pass a law that will effectively kill the internet and end Parliamentary accountability .
If the law as written does not achieve that goal , with the nod of a sufficiently gullible Minister , lobbyists can appoint someone else to rewrite it without resort to Parliament .
In this 21st Century destruction of Parliament Guy Fawkes is being played by Lord Peter Mandleson .
The man dictating the death of the internet to the unelected “ Business Secretary ” is Richard Mollet , Lobbyist for the BPI and he just happens to be the Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for the Labour Party in South West Surrey .
Forget issues such as net neutrality and free speech – this goes beyond any of those issues .
This plot is exposed , in the same way the original plot was , by his co-conspirators hand .
This being the 21st Century , his plot is sent by email and the concerned citizens are the writers of the blog Boing - Boing .
His dastardly deeds are exposed thus .
The email reveals the shear arrogance of lobbyists who feel that their job is done .
He dismisses the concerns of the MI5 , the Security Services as if they were a minor irrelevance .
The email reveals MI5 are concerned that if this bill passes more people will use cloaking software to hide their internet activity , which of course has national security issues .
Of course this is not relevant to the BPI .
After all , why should issues of National Security matter to them ?
A poll that shows that of those between 18 - 34 70 % will use such cloaking software is dismissed as probably MI5 funded .
This bit of the email is especially revealing
It is sadly ironic that the campaign for the Bill which has drawn support from Steven Garrett , the creative force behind the BBC series ” Spooks ” , should find itself partially thwarted by their real - life equivalents .
The anti-piracy campaign led by Steven Garrett and heavily promoted by the BBC started before the bill was ever presented to Parliament .
What on Earth is going on here ?
Excuse me , did BBC licence payers pay for propaganda to support Government legislation promoted and drafted by industry lobbyists ?
How about that BBC charter and the requirement for impartiality ?
Lobbyists should not be able to write legislation on behalf of an industry that they will then get to police and implement .
Especially when that industry has shown time and time again , they can not be trusted .
MPs really need to understand that no - one can trust these industry lobbyists .
No matter how big or small , no - one can trust them .
The current distributors of content would rather spit in the face of new content deliverers , than assist them .
Under this law they will be given legislative back up to do so .
Spotify tried a legal streaming service .
It became popular .
They got stabbed in the back by Warner .
Virgin Media adopted even before this law was passed the introduction of deep packet inspection .
On the back of that , they had agreements with the music industry to launch Virgin Music Unlimited .
A subscription service using watermarked but not DRM crippled music with unlimited downloads available on demand .
Virgin invested £ millions on the back of that deal .
Then the music industry spat in the face of Virgin .
All the BPI cares about are the profits of content distributors and not the internet , the fact that the Government admitted that this will cost ISPs as much , if not more than the highly questionable losses suffered by the Industry is of no concern to them or the Government .
The digital economy – be damned .
Richard Mollet reveals that the ISP ’s have been beaten into submission .
The terms by which this law will be implemented will be dictated to Internet Service Providers by Lobbyists acting as semi-official enforcers of Government legislation .
Which ?
gets to informally contribute and OfCom the official watchdog is deemed an afterthought .
there is a tangible sense of ” settled will ” about the other provisions in the Bill .
It is hard to find anyone , including within the lSP community , who does not believe that the Initial Obligations – and the prospect of Technical Obligations – are coming into law .
Meeting with ISPs , Sky and Virgin this week , the BPl , MPA and Alliance Against IP
Theft made good progress in discussing some of the operational detail around the Code .
Whilst nothing is being set down in stone at this stage , the broad parameters of how the Code might work are being agreed upon .
The consumer group Which ? is also informally contributing to our thoughts .
At Ofcom ’s request , we are meeting next week to discuss progress to date with them .
This bill is a disaster for the internet .
I have made my arguments to why it should be rejected to Liberal Democrats and Conservatives .
Let me make it simple – no ISP is going to defend in Court an order to take down a site .
It will not be commercially viable .
The ISP will not wait for a Court Order , they will act on a letter .
If the Digital Economy Bill is passed , all that will be needed to kill access to a site will be a strongly written letter from a Solicitor .
Individual coffee shops providing wireless access will be the first to go because they will be required to perform the legal functions of a full internet service provider .
Digital lockers , as implemented by Windows 7 , Ubuntu and services like Dropbox will be the first to go .
They are to the writers of this legislation as big a target , if not bigger than the peer to peer networks .
Then it will be the blogs for using “ copyrighted pictures ” without permission .
Access to individual accounts on myspace , facebook and other sites will just go .
Then Youtube accounts will go because they have a “ substantial ” level of copyright infringing material available .
It was done before by the same people we are supposed to trust now .
Then any site or online service that the content industry wants killed without need to refer to a Court and if pushed to the Courts , they can just change the law , without reference to Parliament and try again .
Foreign sites , blog hosters and online locker services will just simply block UK users .
Why would they want to get involved in fights with UK courts ?
This bill can be killed if MPs do the job that they are elected to do .
This is the biggest worry for Richard Mollet , he fears , that if MPs debate the bill it will die .
Therefore their tactic is to stop the MPs elected to serve their Constituents debating the bill .
As for the House of Commons – which will be sent the BilI next week there is a strange sense of detachment .
MPs with whom we spoke back in Autumn are aIready resigned to the fact that they will have minimum input into the provisions from this point on , given the lack of time for detailed scrutiny .
One leading backbencher has told us that there is ” little point in meeting , since the Bill will be determined at wash - up ” .
That said , John Whittingdale – an inveterate ” timing sceptic ” ( i .e. he ’s for the Bill but does n’t think it will get through in time ) has said this week that he still thinks it could be lost if enough MPs protest at not having the opportunity to scrutinise it .
Whilst true in constitutional theory terms , the hard politics
Of the situation makes it seem unlikely .
And inveterate Opponents like Derek Wyatt and Tom Watson continue to blog and meet with critical comments , but there is not the sense of a groundswell of massive opposition to the Bill .
Come the week of Second Reading ( 29th March ) the main political focus is likely to be on the Finance Bill – the Budget having been announced on the 24th .
The way to kill the bill has therefore been made clear .
Every person concerned by this bill has to demand that Members of Parliament do the job that they were elected to do .
Parliament has a moral duty to properly debate and analyse the legislation laid before it .
Members of Parliament that fail to do that are failing to do their job .
Those Members of Parliament , regardless of party , need to be aware of the consequences of their failure to do their job by their soon to be voters .
Make it clear that you will not vote for any MP that does nothing to stop this Government rail - roading through this legislation .
After the election , whoever is in Government will have five years to decide on a bill that can protect content providers , while ensuring that Britain is not left behind on the internet .
This rushed , authoritarian , corrupt bill has no place on the statute books .
On the back of the expenses sleaze – do they really want to be seen as an MP who helped to rush through lobbyist backed and written legislation ?
Any MP that does nothing to stop the Government curtailing debate on this Bill is worthless as a Member of Parliament .
They need to be defeated .
In this economy jobs come first and those MPs that fail to do their jobs will be exposed as a job killer – bought and paid for by fat cat lobbyists .
If MPs believe that there is no time to debate this bill then Parliament has no right to pass it .
Hi I'm Daisy !
I enjoy swimming , chewing , fetching , and playing " hide and go treat " .
I really love to snuggle with my mommy and daddy .
I love to play in the water whether it's a lake or a bathtub or my splashy pool .
I also enjoy going for car rides and visiting the pet store .
I like going to the dog park
Trailer Park Boys is a popular Canadian sitcom / mockumentary focusing on the misadventures of ex-convicts living in fictional Sunnyvale Trailer Park which is located near Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Season 1 ( 2001 ) [ edit ]
Take Your Little Gun and Get Out of My Trailer Park [ edit ]
Ricky : Smokes , let 's go , gimme some smokes .
Randy : I 've only got two left , I 'm not giving you any .
Ricky :
You 're a fucking dick .
Lahey , go fuck yourself .
Ricky :
You better chill out there , heavy metal dick .
Cyrus :
Why do n't you go back to the bowling alley where you came from , helmet head ?
[ Julian is throwing Cyrus ' things out the window ] Cyrus : Hey !
That 's my shit !!
[ Kids come and take Cyrus ' things ]
Cyrus : Hey !
That 's my shit !!
That 's my shit !!
Cyrus Obviously you did n't hear me when I said clear out your own shit .
Now , I want a new TV , I want a VCR , and I want my porn tapes replaced because those were the creme de la creme .
Julian : I want you out of this park .
Ricky : Me and Julian could definitely take care of the Cyrus thing .
It 's just that , Number One : we 're on probation .
Which is no big deal , but you know I do n't really wanna go back to jail .
And number two or three , or whatever the fuck number we 're on ...
Julian : I want you outta that car in two days though , Ricky .
Ricky :
No more than two weeks , I promise .
Julian :
What the hell happened to my trailer , boys ?!
Cory : Okay , chill .
There 's this guy named Cyrus .
He just moved in here , there was nothing we could do about it .
He has a gun , and he 's nuts .
Fuck Community College , Let 's Get Drunk and Eat Chicken Fingers [ edit ]
[ A dog barks off in the distance ]
Ricky : Shut up !
You better shut up or I 'll come out there after ya .
I swear to God , I 'll kill every one of ya !
Julian : Ricky , would you shut up ?!
Go to sleep !
( cuts to Julian inside the trailer )
Well , I 've been out of jail for a week now and it 's time for me to make some important decisions in my life .
I 'm gonna go to community college .
Ricky :
Will you dogs please stop barking ?
I 'm trying to sleep here .
Julian : I 'm either gonna become an electrician , a meat cutter , or I 'm gonna get into television and radio broadcasting .
Ricky : Stop fucking barking !
( Gunshots are heard as Julian runs out of his trailer to see Ricky firing his pistol ) Julian : Ricky , what are you shooting at ?!
Ricky :
Shut the fuck up !
Squirrels and dogs and assholes !
( fires off his pistol once more )
Shut up !
Julian : Ricky , Ricky !
Hold your fire .
( walks towards Ricky )
What are you doing ?
Ricky : Shh , shh .
Listen , listen .
[ The dog continues to bark ]
Ricky : Asshole .
( fires off his pistol ) Julian : Ricky , what are you doing ?
We 're on probation , man .
Ricky : I 'm trying to get some sleep here , Julian .
Julian :
Do you want to go back to jail ?
Ricky : I can't handle this livin ' in a car shit .
Julian :
Do you want to go back to jail ?
Ricky : Listen to this shit .
( fires his pistol again ) Julian :
Get in the car .
( pushes Ricky into the car )
Get in the car .
Donny : STOP FUCKIN ' FIRIN '!!
[ Ricky honks the horn to get the dog to stop barking ]
Donny : WHAT IN THE FUCK ?!
Julian : Shut up !
Ricky : I wish everyone would shut the fuck up out there .
Julian : Ricky , what are you doing ?
[ The dog continues to bark ]
Ricky : Assholes .
( brings out his pistol ) Julian : Ricky !
( stops Ricky from firing and attempts to take the gun out of his hand ) Listen , give me that gun .
( takes the pistol ) Ricky :
You do n't know what it 's like livin ' in a car , Julian .
I got insects and animals fucking me around in here .
Julian :
That 's what you 've got to deal with when you 're in a car .
Ricky : I can't sleep !
Julian :
Go to sleep .
You know what ?
You 're moving out of here tomorrow .
Ricky : Why ?
Julian : ' Cause you 're driving me nuts .
You 're shooting guns off in the middle of the night .
Ricky :
It 's not a big deal , Julian .
Julian :
Think ,
Ricky , think .
Ricky : I can't sleep , is the problem .
Julian : Go to sleep .
Ricky : Can I have the gun back in case anything happens ?
Julian :
No more of this shit .
Ricky : I wo n't fire it unless I absolutely have to .
Julian :
You 're not going to fire it at all .
( gives Ricky his pistol back , then walks off )
Go to sleep .
Idiot .
[ The dog continues to bark ]
Ricky : Shut up .
Shut up !
SHUT UP !
( fires his pistol ) Julian : Ricky !
Put that thing away !
[ Ricky is asleep in the Shitmobile , Bubbles knocks on the roof , waking Ricky up with a start ]
Bubbles : I want my kitty .
Ricky : Fuck off , Bubbles !
You gave me the cat !
Bubbles : I did n't say you could keep him , and I do n't want him living in a fuckin ' car .
Ricky : Bubbles , you got tons of cats .
Let me keep him .
Bubbles :
He was a loaner .
I loaned him to you .
Ricky :
Well , I need him .
Look at my weed plants .
One of them 's dead .
Bubbles : I do n't give a flyin ' fuck .
I did n't .
Never said you could keep him .
Ricky :
What the hell are you doing waking me up so early ?
Bubbles :
No cat of mine 's gonna live in a car .
Julian !
[ Julian storms out of his trailer ] Julian :
Will both of you guys shut up !
Bubbles : Ricky wo n't give me my kitty !
Julian : Ricky , give him his cat !
Ricky :
It 's my cat now !
He gave it to me !
Julian : I do n't care !
Give him his cat !
[ Ricky reaches into the back seat and grabs a potted plant ]
Ricky : Look .
You see that ?
You know why it 's dead ?
Because a squirrel peed in it !
That 's why I need the cat .
He protects my weed plants !
I got four plants left , guys .
That 's all I got left in my life .
Please let me have one cat to protect my plants .
Bubbles :
Here 's what I know , Ricky .
If you love something , let it go .
If it comes back , ya own it .
If it does n't , ya do n't own it .
And if it does n't , you 're an asshole , just like you .
[ Bubbles slams the door lock down so Ricky can't get out of the car ] Julian : Stay in the car !
[ Julian grabs the cat carrier out of the back seat and gives it to Bubbles ] Julian : Bubbles , take your cat !
Get out of here !
Ricky , you stay in the car !
[ Ricky struggles to get the door open ]
Ricky :
You let me out of this car right now !
[ Ricky punches the car door repeatedly ] Julian : CALM DOWN !
Ricky : FUCKIN ' LET ME OUT OF HERE !
I WANT THAT CAT BACK !
I NEED HIM !
Julian : Bubbles , get out of here !
Calm down , Ricky .
Ricky : I just got woken up in the middle of a great dream and I 'm pissed off !
[ Julian talks to the camera inside his trailer ; through the window we see Ricky and Bubbles grappling in the front yard ]
Julian : I was at a party a long time ago at Ricky 's house , and um .
I think Lucy was about 18 or something ...
Lucy : I met Julian at a party when I was like 17 or whatever and .
I mean , it was .
It was a long time ago and ... You know , nothing really happened .
Julian : Anyway , we got , uh , really drunk and ate a shitload of mushrooms , and .
I experienced memory loss and woke up and she was naked in bed with me .
I do n't think anything happened , but .
I do n't know , I just got out of there .
[ Ricky and Bubbles are still grappling in the front yard when Lucy walks up with Trinity ]
Ricky : Bubbles , just a second , please !
Lucy !
What are you doing here ?
Lucy : I 'm leaving Trinity with Julian .
I need a little vacation .
Ricky :
What about her father ?
I can take care of my own daughter .
Lucy : Great !
Trinity , why do n't you get your stuff and go stay in the car with Daddy ?
Perfect !
Ricky :
What , the back seat of a car 's not good enough for you now ?
[ Ricky fills up a pitcher of Kool - Aid with a garden hose that 's duct - taped to the side of his car ]
Ricky :
You know , ever since you guys have been around with your TV cameras , Julian 's changed .
You know , he 's getting all frustated and he 's taking his problems out on me and other people in the park ...
It 's crazy !
He lives in there in a palace and he 's all stressed out !
I live out here in a car and I 've got everything I need and I 'm happy !
I mean , this is my home .
So I do n't know what his problem is .
Jim :
Ricky , do you want me to ask my friends down at the police station if it 's okay for you to be drunk in a public place and carrying a loaded handgun while you 're on probation ?
Ricky :
Why do you start doing your job instead of making false incriminations all the time ?
Jim :
Why do n't you get a life , Rick ?
Why do n't you go to community college like Julian here ?
Hey !
I got a good idea !
You could teach Living In A Car and Growing Dope 101 !
Ricky :
And you could teach how to get drunk , get fired from the police force , become a lousy trailer park supervisor that sucks , hangs around with a fucking idiot that does n't wear a shirt and looks like a dick but thinks he looks good , 101 .
[ Julian storms out of his trailer and unplugs Ricky 's toaster oven from the outdoor power outlet ]
Ricky :
What are you doing , Julian !
The chicken fingers are n't even cooked !
You want us to get sasparilla or something , you dick !
Julian , I 'm trying to cook some lunch here for me and my ...
Julian :
Get out of my way .
[ Julian takes the keys out of the car , turning off the loud blues music ]
Ray :
What are you doing with the tones , Julian ?!
Julian :
Get off my property , Ray !
[ Julian grabs Ray 's wheelchair and rolls him out of the yard ]
Ray :
What what ?
No , hey , ho , wait !
Ricky :
Take it easy , take it easy , man !
Ray : Nah , forget it , Ricky !
If he does n't want me here I 'm goin ' man !
I 'm not wanted here !
Ricky :
It 's my property !
Ray : Nah , forget it !
Come on down to my house , I got lots of chicken fingers down there , man !
Julian :
This is my car , this is my property , and this is my toaster !
I want you out of here !
[ Julian dumps Ricky 's chicken fingers out of the toaster oven ]
Ricky : I can't believe you just did that !
Those are the good kind !
Eight bucks !
Julian : I 'm not joking , Ricky .
Mr. Lahey's Got My Porno Tape ! [ edit ]
Julian : Boys , check out Ricky pickin ' up some butts !
[ Ricky is crouched next to a bus stop trash can , picking cigarette butts up off of the ground ] Julian : Hey , Ricky !
Find any good ones ?
Ricky :
What ?!
Yeah , like you guys have never smoked a butt , eh ? ' Oh , look at Ricky smoking cigarette butts ! '
I 'm sick of this shit !
I 'm sick of your TV show and I 'm sick of you and I 'm sick of everybody !
I 'm moving to Toronto !
[ Jim rolls past , slowly ]
Ricky : I 'm especially sick of this dick !
Get the fuck out of here , Lahey !
[ Jim drives off ]
Ricky : Fuck it , man .
I 'm moving to Toronto and I 'm gonna be a street person !
I do n't care .
Julian : Rick , think about it .
You do n't got no money , man !
What are you gonna do ?
How are you gonna get out there ?
Ricky : I do n't know yet , but I 'm gonna get out there .
[ J - Roc and Tyrone roll up in a Volvo ] J - Roc :
What 's goin ' on , honkies ?!
Ricky : J - Roc ?
J - Roc : Damn you stank !
You should put some Old Spice and some brute up in that ma-fucka !
Ricky : Listen , I 'm not in the mood today , all right ?
So unless you 've got two grand you wanna lend me , get the fuck out of my face !
Tyrone :
Hey man , take it easy ...
Ricky :
No , I 'm sick of this shit !
I 'm sick of all you guys !
I 'm sick of this park ...
J - Roc : Actually .
If you wanna make some scrilla , you pop by my crib .
I 'll tell ya how to make all kinds of money .
I 'm serious , too !
Ricky :
You 're gonna make me some money ?
J - Roc : I 'll make you tons of money !
Know what I 'm sayin ' ?
Pop by my crib .
' Scuse me , Gorilla .
We da fuck out !
Ricky :
Well if you 're serious , I 'll be down there in about an hour ! ( to Julian ) Looks like I 'm not moving to Toronto !
[ Ricky and Julian are behind the trailer park plinking at bottles ]
Ricky :
Do you ever watch pornos ?
Julian : Why ?
Ricky : Just makin ' conversation , man .
Just wondering what you think of the guys who act in them .
Julian :
They 're greasy .
[ Ricky shoots and a bullet ricochets , causing Julian to spill his drink ]
Ricky : Sorry , man .
Well , let 's suppose for a minute that I act in a porno movie .
Would you think I was greasy ?
' Cause that 's a little different .
Julian :
You 're thinking about doing a porno flick with J - ROC , are n't ya ?
If you 're doing that , then yeah , you 'd be real greasy .
And stupid .
Julian : Would you see DeNiro doing a porn flick ?
Ricky :
Well , I do n't know .
If they paid him enough money he 'd probably do one .
Julian : No , he would n't .
You 're stupid .
J - Roc :
You gonna be a great big star , Gee ! Ma-fuckas in Russia ...
Why do you think Reveen does so good over there , you know what I 'm sayin ' ?
You gonna be bigger than Reveen !
Put that shit on , get your freak on , it 's all good !
J - Roc :
You know'm sayin ' everybody that walk on the face of the Earth tryin ' to judge the J - Roc , know'm sayin ' ?
See wha'm sayin ' ?
But I ain't shook , ' cause ma-fuckas tryin ' to take me out and stuff , but they can't , right ?
Know'm sayin ' ?
Tyrone :
You 're sayin ' " know what I 'm sayin ' " too many times !
80 or 90 times ?
That 's too many times !
Once or twice is cool , but 80 or 90 times , man ?
J- Roc :
What are you , from the Department of Know'm Sayin's ?
You takin' a Know'm Census ?
You countin ' my Know'm Sayin's ?
We 're hangin ' out , right ?
Tyrone : 80 or 90 times ?
That 's too many Know'm Sayin's , know'm sayin ' ?
J - Roc :
See wha'm sayin ' you 're ridin ' on my jock , you know'm sayin ' ?
I 'm just tryin ' to have a good time , you know'm sayin ' ?
and you 're countin ' my Know'm Sayin's !
Tyrone :
That 's too many times .
Once or twice is cool , but 80 or 90 times , know'm sayin ' ?
No ... J - Roc :
How am I supposed to be myself when you 're countin ' my Know'm Sayin 's all the time , you know'm sayin ' ?
Victoria : J - Roc , I think you 're saying it way too much .
J - Roc : Sayin ' what ?
[ all three simultaneously ]
J - Roc : Know'm sayin ' ?
Tyrone : Know'm sayin ' .
Victoria : Know'm sayin' .
Bubbles :
The whole idea of it's got me pretty damn frisky , too !
It 's been , uh ... Been quite a while since that stuff went on with me .
I 'm really frisky !
[ filming From Russia With The Love Bone ] Victoria : Gee , Stacy , I bet we could get like $ 12,000 for this on the open market .
Ricky : Everybody freeze .
What 's going on here ?
Stacy : Maybe there 's something that we can work out , Sergeant , yes ?
[ Stacy drops and begins unbuckling Ricky 's pants ]
Ricky :
Ah , maybe there is , yes .
Bubbles : Sergeant Boris .
What 's going on here ?
Ricky : Corporal Alexi , we found the motorcycle bandits .
They want to work something out .
Bubbles :
That 's them , is it ?
Let 's get it on , then !
[ Ricky can't get it up ]
Trevor : Testicle difficulties , please stand by .
Ricky : J - Roc , I can't do this .
I 'm thinking about Lucy , and ... I do n't know what 's , I ... I need about 5 minutes here .
J - Roc : Aight .
Aight , cut .
J- Roc : Aight , Soft Serve .
Here 's what I 'm talkin ' about .
You can't do the X - to - the - X - to - the - X .
So we gonna do some SC witcha candy , that 's soft - core , right ?
Know what I 'm sayin ' ?
it 's still gonna play in hotels and all that and you 're still gonna be a star .
But Bubbles , you ai n't havin ' no troubles .
You wanna get with her ?
Bubbles :
Well , if it 's OK with her I certainly would .
J - Roc :
That aight ?
Stacy : Yeah , that 's cool .
J - Roc : Aight .
Stacy : Do n't be nervous , Bubbles .
I 'll take good care of you .
[ Ricky is trying to threaten Jim into relinquishing the porno tape ]
Ricky : Just remember Lahey , what comes around is all around !
Jim :
Do n't you mean what 's all around comes around , Ricky ?
Ricky :
This is n't fuckin ' over yet .
Jim :
That 's nice talk to use on television , eh ?
Do n't forget you started this shit storm , Limpy !
[ Julian , listening to his phone messages ]
Ricky : Julian !
It 's Ricky here .
Just letting you know that , uh , I 've thought about this , I feel I have no other options .
I 'm gonna go down to Lahey 's trailer , I 'm gonna break in , and I 'm basically probably gonna kill Mr. Lahey and I 'm thinking about killing Randy as well and I 'm gonna take the porno tape back .
I 've talked to Bubbles about it , he 's probably gonna give me a hand because we both can't have this tape floating around .
So , anyway , you know , I was kind of counting on you to maybe help plan this , but if you do n't want to that 's up to you .
I just hope you wo n't feel guilty when me and Bubbles are in jail and you know that you could have prevented a murder .
Talk to you later .
Mrs. Peterson's Dog Gets Fucked Up [ edit ]
[ Jim is smoking a cigarette , then it cuts to the Shitmobile playing music , then the music stopped when it cut back to Jim and Randy and Julian throws his water bottle out of the Shitmobile ]
Randy : Made it .
Look , he just friggin ' littered right in the park for god sakes .
Jim :
The son of a bitch .
Randy :
What an asshole .
Jim : I do n't .
Eye. Eye. Goddamn cigarettes everything .
[ Ricky gives Jim the middle finger ]
Randy : See , they 're just lookin .
They 're trying to get us goin ' , eh? Jim : I You know .
You know , do you know what recidivism is Randy ?
Randy : I do n't have a clue , Mr. Lahey .
Jim :
That 's when people go back to jail over and over and over .
I think we got a couple of A1 class act recidivists up there .
Look at him .
[ Ricky gets out of the Shitmobile to make the the Fuckmobile stop ]
Ricky : Fuck off !
Trinity : I shot my Daddy in the bum and Mummy 's gonna get mad at me .
[ Trinity takes a bite of a weed brownie ]
Trinity :
These taste funny !
[ Trinity throws the weed brownie into the yard ]
[ Julian is driving Ricky and the dog after Ricky got shot and the dog ate weed brownies ]
Ricky :
It 's not my fault .
You 're the one that left the dog with me .
I did n't wanna look after him anyway .
Julian : Ricky ,
Ricky , I was gone for forty - five minutes .
Ricky : Look , I 'm bleeding to death here .
Just get me to a doctor and shut up !
Julian :
Oh , take you to the doctor .
What 's gonna happen ?
The police will get involved Ricky .
Think !
Ricky : I do n't give a .
I 'M BLEEDIN ' TO DEATH HERE !
YOU DON'T SEEM TO UNDERSTAND THAT !
LOOK AT MY ASS !
Julian : I do n't care about your ass , Ricky !
I gotta call Levi .
Ricky : LEVI ?!
FUCK LEVI !
I NEED MEDICAL ATTENTION !
Julian : Listen Ricky .
If that dog dies I swear to God I 'll let you bleed to death .
All right ?!
Ricky : I do n't give a fuck about the dog !
All right ?
Julian : SHUT UP !
Ricky : WHAT'S MORE IMPORTANT ?!
ME OR THE DOG ?!
Julian : SHUT UP !
Ricky : WHAT'S MORE IMPORTANT ?!
Julian : SHUT UP !
[ Julian dials Levi's number on the cordless phone ]
Ricky : Fuckin ' bleedin ' to death here !
Julian : Come on , Levi . [ Levi answers ] Julian : Levi , thank God .
I got a situation on my hands here .
Ricky : You fuckin ' asshole .
What the fuck were you doing eating my brownies ?
Julian : Ricky has a bullet in his ass and he fed the dog a bunch of weed brownies .
Ricky : I DIDN'T FEED THE DOG BROWNIES !!!
Julian : YOU FED THE DOG !!
Ricky : HE ATE THEM !!
Julian : SHUT UP !
I'M ON THE PHONE , RICKY !!
Ricky : I NEED FUCKIN '!!
Julian : SHUT UP !!
Ricky : THIS IS FUCKED UP !
[ Ricky and Julian are trying to break into a barn to steal a riding lawn mower} Julian :
Here you go , break in .
[ Hands Ricky a crowbar ]
Ricky :
Why do I have to break in ?
Julian : Because this is all your fault and I 'm in charge !
Hurry up !
Ricky :
It 's your fault .
You gave me the dog , you idiot .
Julian : Hurry up !
[ Ricky takes the crowbar and pries the door open , an alarm sounds ]
Ricky : Jesus Christ !
[ Ricky draws a pistol and shoots into the barn , silencing the alarm ]
Ricky :
Who the fuck puts an alarm system in a barn ?
Fuckin ' idiots !
[ Ricky and Julian are struggling to push the lawn mower out of the barn , Ricky falls down and an inflatable raft falls down on top of him .
He gets up and angrily slams the raft back up against the wall while the sound man leans over the lawn mower , attempting to catch it all ]
[ Ricky grabs the boom mic ]
Ricky :
Hey retard !
Can you hear me ?
I need a hand in here !
Come fuckin' help us !
[ The sound man puts the lawn mower into neutral , allowing them to push it easily ]
Ricky :
Oh , it 's in neutral now .
Well sorry I 'm not so smart .
I did n't know that .
[ Farmer comes out with a shotgun ]
Ricky : Let 's go .
Whoa , whoa , whoa .
who the fuck is that guy ?
What do you want ?!
Julian : Relax , Ricky .
Ricky
What do you want ?!
Farmer : WHAT'S GOING ON ?!
Ricky : Nothing .
[ Farmer shoots at them ]
Sound Guy : FUCK !
AH FUCK !
Donny : WHAT IN THE FUCK ?!
Julian :
Get in the truck !
Sound Guy : I 'M FUCKING SHOT !
Ahh , fuck !
[ Julian drags Sound Guy in the truck ]
Julian : RICKY , GET IN THE TRUCK !
Sound Guy : FOR THE LOVE OF FUCK !
Julian : GET IN THE TRUCK !
Sound Guy : FUCK !
Cover me , man !
I 'm fucking shot again here !
[ Julian fires off shots ]
Sound Guy : I 'M FUCKING SHOT !!!
Julian : HOLD YOUR FIRE !!
SOMEBODY'S HURT HERE !!!!!
I 'm Not Gay , I Love Lucy ...
Wait a Second , Maybe I am Gay [ edit ]
Ricky : Knock knock boys ?
Trevor :
Who 's there ?
[ Ricky gives them two middle fingers directly in their faces ]
Randy :
You ca n't be sittin ' in the middle of the road drinkin ' .
It 's against the law .
Julian : Guys , guys !
Break it up !
( runs into the middle of Ricky , Lahey and Randy arguing )
Ricky :
You give me that beer back !
Julian : Ricky , shut up !
Jim :
This is drunk and disorderly !
Ricky :
You owe me a twelve - pack of beer , asshole !
Julian : Ricky !
Would you guys stop it !?
Lahey , Lahey - Ricky get over - Jim : I do not believe how stupid these guys are .
Like father , like stupid son .
Julian : Lahey - [ Ricky bumps into a beer box ]
Jim : What ?
Julian : Lahey , get him off the street .
Jim :
We 've been trying to get him off the damn street .
Julian :
Well , get him out of here .
( pushes Randy away )
Go mow some lawns or something , you greasy bastard .
Ricky : Hey Lahey , you want a smoke ?
( holds the cigarette to his waist ) ' Cause I got one right fuckin ' here for you , buddy - boy .
Julian : Ricky - ( drags him away ) Jim :
You got one joke in your resitory , do you , Rick ?
Ricky : ( points to Jim )
You owe a beer ( points to Randy ) and you owe me a beer , you assholes !
Jim : Come on , Randy .
Ricky :
Do n't you have some offs to fuck there , boys ?
Randy : What ?
Ricky : Fuck off !
Ricky :
The thing is when you 're shopping for a ring you gotta take your time because you know it 's my wife we 're talking about .
She 's not gonna be wearing one of those Cubic Zarcarbian things -- she 's gotta have a nice ring .
*( While rummaging through stolen loot during a break - and - enter eating a cheese sandwich ) *
Ricky :
You know Jim or Jim knows you ?
Cop : Jim ..
Jim , my dad Jim ?
Ricky : Jim 's your dad ?
Oh yeah ... he mentioned he had a son on the force .
Cop : Yeah ?
Ricky : Yeah , him and my dad go way back !
Who The Hell Invited These Idiots To My Wedding ? [ edit ]
Cory : Everybody down !
Trevor :
This is a robbery !
Julian : Everyone keep calm !
We do n't want your money and we do n't want to hurt anybody !
We just want some food !
Stop fuckin ' around !
Get in position !
[ Trevor pumps his shotgun , Bubbles and Julian are stealing a bunch of hotdogs and Cory and Trevor are stealing chip bags and bananas ]
Cory :
This is gonna be the best wedding ever , dude .
Trevor :
Holy shit .
So cool .
Cory :
What the fuck do you have so many bananas for dude ?
( cuts back to Julian and Bubbles stealing hotdogs and cuts back to Cory and Trevor ) Cory : Fuck with the corkscrews and shit , man .
Trevor : Fuck .
Why are you always telling me what to do ?
Cory :
There are fuckin ' bananas in the cart , dude .
We do n't want bananas at the wedding .
No one eats bananas at the wedding .
Ricky : Lose some smokes .
Cory : Hands up !
[ Ricky pulls out his pistol and fires it then Trevor fires his shotgun and Bubbles fires his Uzi ] Bubbles : Holy fuckin ' Jesus !
What the fuck have they doing ?
[ Trevor continues to fire his shotgun and Cory is firing his pistol ] Julian :
Put your gun down !
It 's us !
It 's us !
Ricky : Julian !
Julian : Stop shooting , you dicks !
Ricky :
What the fuck 's going on here ?!
I just came here for smokes !
What the hell 's going on ?!
Cory : Sorry dude , man , we did n't know .
Ricky :
You 're stupid , you 're stupid , you 're in a fuckin ' idiot .
Bubbles :
The fuckin ' gun 's broke !
Ricky :
You could 've killed me over there !
The fuck ?!
Julian : Ricky , shut up !
( points to the surveillance camera ) Ricky !
Ricky :
Oh , for fuck 's sakes !
( shoots down the surveillance camera )
Julian : Let 's go , let 's go !
Everybody out !
Cory :
Out of the way , dudes .
Trevor :
Aw shit .
( picks up a bag of chips )
Ricky : I 'm never fuckin ' speaking to you guys again .
Julian :
Get in the truck , Ricky !
[ Cory and Trevor start putting the food in the truck ]
Julian : Come on , move !
Ricky : Retarded .
What 's with all these fuckin ' bananas ?!
Trevor : I fucked up , Ricky .
People like bananas .
Ricky : Fuck off , boys .
Bubbles : I have to get the cart in !
Ricky : Fuck off with the cart , Bubbles !
Bubbles : Come on !
I 'm not leaving this fuckin ' cart !
Julian : Leave the cart !
[ Ricky throws the cart away ]
Bubbles : Come on !
Ricky : Get in the fuckin ' truck !
GET IN !
Bubbles : Jesus Christ !
Julian : Get in !
Ricky :
You know , I may not have done all the right stuff in my life or done smart stuff , but guys , maybe I should n't be commenting here , but that was pretty fuckin ' dumb , alright ?
You 're robbing a fuckin ' grocery store , you did n't even tell me , I 'm fuckin ' on video tape now firing handguns with no mask on !
You guys are FUCKIN ' DUMB !
Julian : Ricky , would you calm down ?
Ricky :
No , I 'm not gonna calm down , Julian !
Julian : Calm down !
Ricky : I 'm pissed off !
I 'm pissed off at you , and especially you two dicks !
You guys are really fuckin ' stupid !
Julian : Ricky .
Trevor : Sorry , man , but you were shooting at us too .
Ricky : I 'm drunk !
I 'm really drunk , and I do n't need this shit !
Julian : Ricky !
Would you .
Ricky : I 'm gettin ' married tomorrow !
Julian : Would you shut up ?!
Everything 's gonna be cool !
Trust me !
Bubbles : Can everyone just please stop it ?
Julian : Oh , look what .
You 're making Bubbles cry , Ricky !
Just shut up !
Ricky : I 'm sorry , alright ?
I 'm drunk .
Season 2 ( 2002 ) [ edit ]
What in the Fuck Happened to Our Trailer Park ? [ edit ]
Bubbles : Ricky just waltzes in there and becomes the king of the carts .
The fuck does he expect me to do for a living ?
What does he want me to do , go to EI and say : ' Hello there , I 've been hauling shopping carts out of ponds and I 've been doing it for 18 years ... so give me a fuckin ' check please . '
That 's not goin ' to fuckin ' happen .
I have n't even paid into UI ... EI , whatever the fuck they call it these days .
Jim : Oooh , nice Mall Cop uniform , Ricky !
Ricky : Do n't even fuckin ' start with me today , Lahey !
I 'm not in the mood .
Jim : I beg your pardon .
I was only a real cop .
I was never an important Mall - Cop like you , Rick .
Ricky : Knock knock .
Jim :
Who 's there , Rick ?
Ricky : Somebody .
Jim : Somebody who ?
Ricky : Somebody whose ex-wife owns the fuckin ' trailer park is the only reason you got the job as trailer park supervisor cuz you got fired from the police force cuz you fucked up big time , but we 're not gonna talk about that , are we ?
And now , you 're gonna get fired from this job cuz you 're nothin ' but a drunk fuckin ' idiot who can't even run the trailer park !
You 're drunk right now , I can smell the fuckin ' liquor on you from here .
Go away for 18 months to jail and everything goes to fuckin ' shit , does n't it , Lahey ?
Let your little buddy with the no fuckin ' shirt move in with my girlfriend and ruin my whole fuckin ' life !
Now there 's fuckin ' shit everywhere in this fuckin ' trailer park !
Fuckin ' idiot !
Jim Lahey
Is a Drunk Bastard [ edit ]
[ Cory and Trevor are putting up signs for Sam Losco ]
Julian :
What are you guys doing ?
Trevor :
We 're helping Sam .
Cory : Yeah man .
We 're gonna get a chance to screw Lahey over .
Bubbles :
You guys are n't doin ' well in the thinking department , are ya ?
Sam 's a caveman , and he 's a dick .
Ricky :
And that makes you guys dicks , ' cause you 're promoting him .
Trevor :
He 's gonna give us homemade hot dogs when we 're finished putting the signs up .
Ricky :
Well , I 'm gonna give you some homemade fuck - offs right now .
Get rid of these stupid signs , you dummies .
[ Ricky gives
Trevor two middle fingers and throws the sign ]
A Dope Trailer Is No Place for a Kitty [ edit ]
[ Bubbles finds Ricky and Julian 's dope plants in his burnt - to - the - ground shed ]
Bubbles :
Oh , I think that 's yours , Ricky .
Stupid f... ( trying to hold back tears ) , stupid fucking dope plants !
Ricky :
They 're not dope plants , they 're just ... some vegetables we were growing .
Bubbles :
Oh yeah .
Yeah , I fuckin ' believe that , Ricky .
[ Bubbles finds his bubble maker melted ]
Bubbles :
Oh , for fuck 's sakes !
Look at that !
That 's my fucking bubble maker !
That was the only thing I had , that my parents gave me before they fucking deserted me in this shed , which I do n't have anymore !
Now it 's just a big melted , fuckin ' blob of shit !
Bubbles :
You guys wanna see some shit ?
Come watch this .
[ Bubbles fires his sling shot at Sam ] Sam Losco :
What the fuck ?
Bubbles :
All right , arsehole , clean up this fuckin ' garbage !
Sam Losco : Now listen , get your fuckin ' cats off my property , or I 'm gonna call Animal Control and have 'em all put to fuckin ' sleep .
Bubbles :
Oh yeah ?
You think you could do it if you 're fuckin ' knocked out ?
Huh huh huh huh huh huh ?
[ Bubbles swings a pair of nunchucks at Sam ]
The Bible Pimp [ edit ]
Tanya :
Have you read the Bible ?
Bubbles : Maybe I have , maybe I have n't .
What 's it to you ?
Hampton : Can you read , my son ?
Bubbles :
Well , that depends .
Can you go fuck yourself ?
Julian : I 've had a lot of time to think about this , and I know Ricky and I really crossed the line .
I just wanted to say I 'm sorry , buddy .
[ Julian hands Bubbles a jar of pickled eggs ]
Bubbles : Yeah ?
Well , my whole life was in that shed , Julian .
Did you and Ricky think of that before you barged in and burned the fuckin ' thing right to the ground ?
Julian : Come on .
This is getting ridiculous .
Bubbles : Yeah , it is ridiculous , Julian .
Julian : Listen .
Why do n't you stop living in cars and vans and sheds and stuff and come stay at my place ?
A real home for once .
Bubbles :
That shed was a real home , Julian .
I loved that place .
It was mine , it was n't yours .
You know what I mean ?
And guess what ?
I do n't think I should be hangin ' around with you and Ricky anymore either .
Till you 're done growing that dope .
And do n't think you can buy me off with a jar of those delicious things .
Jim : Okay , boys .
Rule number one : No living in a van in Sunnyvale Trailer Park .
Bubbles : J - Roc , you better straighten Panama Jack the fuck out right now .
J - Roc : Aight , here 's what I 'm talkin ' about .
You know'm sayin ' ?
Know'm sayin ' ?
Bubbles is renting this van for twelve dollars a month .
You know'm sayin ' ?
That makes this mafucka an income property .
You know'm sayin ' ?
And once me and T get power and water goin ' on , then this mafucka gonna fall under the same jurisdictions as every other trailer up in this ma ' .
You know'm sayin ' ?
So why do n't you and that fifteen cheeseburger - eatin ' , Rico Suave lookin ' mafucka go on ' cause you ain't beatin ' nobody !
Peace .
[ Tyrone laughs , slaps J - Roc 's hand ]
Tyrone :
That 's cold , man !
That 's crazy !
Suave - Rico cheeseburger !
J - Roc :
Oh , hang on .
[ J - Roc leans his ear to Randy 's gut ] J - Roc : Can I get fifteen half - eaten cheeseburgers to go ?!
You know'm sayin ' ?
Tyrone :
Order me some too , man !
[ Bubbles laughs ]
Bubbles :
Talking to his gut like it's a person .
[ Ricky spots Julian with Tania across from his car ]
Ricky : Julian ?
What the fuck 's he doin ' here ?
Julian what 's this bullshit ?!
Fuck .
[ Ricky and Julian get out of their cars ]
Ricky :
Why are n't you watching the dope plants ?
You asshole !
Julian : Calm down , Ricky .
We 're just grabbing some takeout .
Ricky : Takeout , my ass .
It looks like you 're on a date with cinnamon roll fuckin ' head !
Never Trust a Man with No Shirt On [ edit ]
Electric Worker : Whoever did this is really stupid .
You 're dealing with a dangerous moron .
Randy :
We know a guy who fits that description to a T , do n't we , Mr. Lahey ?
Lahey :
We sure do .
Call me crazy , but do guys who grow dope ever do this kind of thing ?
Electric Worker :
You 're not crazy , I see it all the time .
Guys bypassing the meters so the cops do n't notice the surge in the power bills .
Lahey : Bingo .
Randy : Cops and dope do n't mix , do they , Mr. Lahey ?
Lahey : Like shit and strawberry shortcake , Randy .
Ricky : Randy , come back here for a second .
Randy :
What 's up , Rick ?
Ricky : Listen man , if you go down to the store and pick me up some " ja - lap - ano " chips and $ 2 worth of pepperoni , I 'll hang out with you for a bit .
Bubbles : Yeah , and get me some fuckin ' Gummiworms and stuff .
Randy : Gummiworms , OK .
Ja -lap - ano chips .
Pepperoni .
You want anything , Julian ?
Julian : ( shakes his head no ) Randy :
Does anyone else want anything while I 'm down there ?
Julian : ( changes his mind )
Yeah , pick me up a bag of ja - lap - ano chips .
Randy :
All right .
Ricky : Jalapeno ?
What flavor is that ?
Julian : Ricky , the " J " is silent .
You 're saying it wrong .
Bubbles :
The " J " is like an H , Ricky .
" Hal - a - pee - no , " not " ja - lap -ano . "
Ricky :
What in the fuck are you guys talking about ?
Bubbles : Hal - a - pee - no .
Hal - a - pee - no .
That 's how you pronounce it .
Ricky : I know how to pronounce it !
I ordered fuckin ' ja - lap - ano !
Jim : Alright , boys !
Cease and desist !
The cops are on the way to Number 1 Bonnyview , right now , with a warrant .
Ricky : Bullshit !
Julian :
What are you talking about , Lahey ?
Jim :
You know what a shit rope is , Julian ?
It 's a rope covered with shit that criminals try to hold on to .
You see , the shit kind of acts like grease .
The harder you try to climb up , the tighter you try to hold on , the faster you slide down the rope , Julian .
All the way to jail .
Ricky :
This is private property .
Get the fuck outta here .
Have another drink , Lahey .
Bubbles : Holy shit .
Ricky : Great guys , what are we gonna do now ?
Bubbles : I 'm afraid of shit ropes .
What is a shit rope ?
Ricky : I do n't know .
Julian : Meeting inside , let 's go !
Bubbles :
What 's a shit rope ?
Ricky :
He 's drunk .
I do n't fucking know .
Bubbles :
Are we sliding down some sort of a shitty rope ?
The Bare Pimp Project [ edit ]
Bubbles :
What kind of trouble can I get in for driving you guys with all this dope and these guns and all the crazy bullshit ?
( cuts to Cyrus and Sam being arrested by police officers )
Ricky :
It 's not a big deal , Bubbles , do n't worry about it .
We got in a little bit of a gun fight , I got shot a little bit , it 's no big deal .
A bit of dope to get rid of .
We 're fine .
( cuts back to the boys ) Bubbles : I do n't know , Ricky .
I heard that , you know , you could get in a lot of trouble for having that much dope and guns .
Julian : Bubbles , you 'll just get a slap on the wrist , man .
Everything 'll be cool .
You might get a fine or something , I 'll take care of it , I promise .
Bubbles :
But you guys will get in big trouble .
Ricky :
It 's no big - we 've been in a lot worse shit than this , Bubbles .
This was nothing .
( sees a helicopter in the distance )
What the- aw , fuck , great !
A heli - fucking - copter !
Bubbles : Oh , God !
Pilot : Bravo Tango 1 , we have the suspects heading north on Highway 1 O 3 , in a Bronco pulling an Airstream trailer .
Suspect is leaning out of the vehicle .
Ricky : ( leans out the window )
Get the fuck out of here !
There 's nothing to see here !
Leave us the fuck alone !
We 're just on vacation !
I 'm calling the cops ' cause you 're flying way too fucking low , you assholes !
( gets back in the vehicle ) Fuck , this sucks right now .
Julian :
This is going to be cool , boys .
We 're gonna get away with this .
Do n't worry about it .
Ricky : Fucking Cyrus .
Fucking Sam .
Bubbles :
There 's a helicopter behind us !
Ricky : No shit !
Just keep driving , we 'll lose it in the trees up here or something .
( cuts to a cat standing in the middle of the road )
Bubbles :
Is that a kitty on the road ?
Ricky : I need a fucking - Bubbles : THERE'S A KITTY ON THE ROAD !!!
Julian : NO !
Ricky : DON'T DO IT !
[ The Bronco swerves violently , causing it to crash ]
Bubbles : ( gets out of the Bronco ) Boys , come on !
She 's gonna blow !
Ricky : Son of a bitch !
Bubbles : Come on , Ricky !
[ Ricky and Julian get out of Bronco ] Pilot : Vehicle has crashed .
Repeat , vehicle has crashed .
Suspects are on foot .
Ricky : I 'm never getting in a vehicle with you again !
Bubbles : I 'm not gonna run over a kitty to save your dope , Ricky !
[ A rooster crows and bubbles hides behind a hay bale ] Julian : Come one , boys .
Let me think .
Bubbles :
We gotta hide !
[ Sirens are wailing ] Julian : Boys !
The cops !
Ricky , give me your gun !
Bubbles : I 'm getting out of here !
Ricky : Boys , the hash !
The hash is still in the trailer !
We gotta get it !
[ A cow moos ] Julian : Ricky , Ricky !
There 's no hash in the trailer !
Ricky : What !?
You smoked all the hash !?
Julian : I sold it this morning !
Check it out the evidence is on fire !
They can't do shit to us !
Bubbles : Ricky !
Julian !
Help me !
I 'm all tangled up in this fuckin ' wire !
Ricky : Cone on , guys !
We gotta get out of here !
Julian :
We 're not leavin ' !
Bubbles : Ricky !
Julian !
Help me !
I 'm all tangled up in this !
Fuckin ' wire !
Ricky : Come on , both !
We gotta get out of here !
[ Julian and Ricky pulls up Bubbles ]
Bubbles :
Help me out !
[ The cow moos again ] Cop : Freeze !
Nobody Move !
[ The other cops arrest the boys ]
Ricky : Alright , everybody calm down here !
Get this fuckin ' cop around here and just calm down !
This guy 's totally innocent !
He 's a farmer came out to help us out of he wreck , he saved our lives and you guys are gonne be sued if you arrest him cuz he 's innocent !
Bubbles :
That 's right !
That 's right !
I can't see that well and I tripped into that wire !
I do n't even know what 's fuckin ' going on here !
( The cow moos again ) The helicopter over there !
The cows are scared !
( The cow moos again ) Everybody can get the fuck off my property !
Pilot : 2 suspects in custody .
Headquarters has identified another vehicle approaching .
Jim Lahey , trailer park supervisor from the Sunnyvale Trailer Park .
The other man with no shirt is Randy .
Jim :
Hey , boys !
Good luck back in Con College !
Ricky : Fuck you , Lahey !
Gets this fuckin ' helicopter out of here !
Come on , guys !
You know this now right now !
Jim : Julian , you owe me $ 500 damage to the Airstream !
Julian :
Not a problem , Lahey !
I 'll give it to you as soon as I 'm released !
Ricky :
Which would be in a little bit cuz we did n't do anything wrong .
There 's no evidence .
Nothing happened .
We 're on a little vacation here , guys .
Had a bit of an accident .
Calm down .
You guys do n't got shit .
You do n't have jacked shit .
There 's no fuckin ' evidence .
Nothin ' .
I want your bathrooms cuz I 'm soon here .
Julian : Everything 's cool here , Ricky !
Ricky :
If they think we 're going to jail , they 're fuckin ' dreamin ' !
I 'm suing your families , your grandparents and your fuckin ' pets !
I need a cigarette here !
Fuck sakes !
Bubbles : ( Feeds the cow )
There 's the food that you like .
Eat very tight .
There you go .
[ The cow moos again ]
Bubbles : Pretend like you know me .
Season 3 ( 2003 ) [ edit ]
The Kiss of Freedom [ edit ]
Ricky : Julian , I can't deal with this bullshit right now !
Julian :
It 's alright , man .
Ricky :
What time is it , Bubbles ?
Bubbles :
It 's 11:30 Ricky .
[ Ricky lights a cigarette in the bank ]
Bubbles : Ricky , you can't fucking light up in the bank !
Ricky : I can do whatever the fuck I want now , buddy !
I 'm rich as fuck now !
38 grand in unmarked bills , I do n't give a fuck !
Unknown Man : Uh-oh.
Julian : Ricky , calm down .
Ricky : Julian , fuck all this bullshit .
Fuck this bank .
Let 's just go spend it , man .
Let 's go shopping .
We need some gifts , come on .
Julian : Ricky , were gonna set up some GIC's and some RSP 's , man .
That 's an investment .
Bubbles : Bingo .
Julian :
You got it ?
Ricky : Fuck investments , Julian .
Julian : Listen , we can go on vacation every year , man .
Go on a cruise or something .
Ricky : I do n't give a fuck about a cruise .
I wanna go spend the cash right now .
Bubbles : Ricky , that 's what smart people do with their fucking money .
Invest it .
Julian 's handling all my finances .
Julian : Listen , we just set up a few business in the trailer park , man .
Why do n't you let me control your money .
Ricky : Control my money ?
Fuck RSVP's , Julian .
What about Freedom 35 !?
I thought we were fucking retired !
Bubbles : Uh-oh.
Julian : Calm down .
Ricky : I grew the fucking dope !
It 's my fucking money !
Bubbles :
You can't scream ' dope ' out in the bank .
Ricky : Dope dope dope - itty fucking dope dope !
Bubbles :
Here 's security .
Ricky : Fuck .
Julian : Nice .
Listen , I can walk out on my own , guys .
Bubbles : Perfect !
Julian : I can explain this .
Ricky : Fuck off , salamander head !
Give me my fucking cigarette back !
Fuck off !
Let go of me !
Bubbles : Everybody calm down !
We 're leaving !
[ Ricky pulls up next to Randy and Jim ]
Ricky : Hey , guys .
Do n't want any trouble .
Just got out of jail , I 'm a new man .
I got lots of money , all right ?
So I do n't want to start any bullshit .
What I do want is a brand - new double - wide trailer .
The nicest one you got .
Jim :
That 'll cost you , Ricky .
Ricky : Yeah ?
Well , here 's a thousand dollars down , for hook - up fees and six month 's lease up front .
Jim :
Where the hell'd you get that kind of money ?
Ricky : I got lots of money , Lahey .
[ Julian rolls past in a new Ford Mustang convertible , stereo thumping ]
Jim :
Oh , I get it .
Never mind .
Ricky : Lahey , I 've got my own money , all right ?
I got lots of it in an endless supply .
I want a double - wide trailer by 5:00 tomorrow or I 'm calling Barbara .
Simple as that .
Jim :
Ricky , I 'm not hauling anything in this park unless I get $ 5000 down .
Ricky : Believe me , I 'd give you the money right now , but I do n't trust either one of you fuck row knots .
Jim : Yeah ?
And I do n't trust you , shit bat .
Collateral , Rick , or no trailer .
Ricky : Fine .
I 'll give you some collateral .
Why do n't you go around and tell everybody in this park that I 'll kiss your bare ass if I do n't have the money by five o'clock tomorrow .
That 's some fucking collateral , is n't it ?
Randy :
You 'll kiss his bare ass ?
Ricky :
That 's what I said , dumbass .
Jim : Ricky , that would mean that you 'd agree to play by Sunnyvale Trailer Park rules .
You willing to put that in writing ?
Ricky : Gimme a fucking pen !
Jim :
Get a lease agreement , Randy .
Special clauses .
Rick ?
[ Jim hands Ricky a pen , Ricky gives Lahey a twenty dollar bill ]
Ricky :
That 's for the pen .
And you know what ?
I get out of jail , I try to start things off on the right foot .
And you would n't do that , would you ?
So I 'm gonna pay you one - hundred dollars to fuck off .
Leave me alone .
Just give me my trailer and fuck off .
Bubbles : Well , Ricky 's been living in the Shitmobile for ... I do n't know how many years now .
Julian gave it to him when he had no place to go and ... Ricky goes on about it , you know , how much he hates the fucking thing , but he 's lived in it so long I think he really ... he'd really miss it if he did n't have it .
Ricky :
There 's a lot of history , you know , in this car .
I 've been living in this car and its been a big part of my life , but ... You know , it 's fucked me around quite a bit .
Sometimes it stalls on you and it does n't work right .
You get to need to go somewhere and it's like ' No , you 're not fucking going anywhere because I 'm gonna fucking stall on you and it pisses you off !
Bubbles :
It was Julian 's grandmother who owned it originally and she left it to Julian .
And that 's probably how most of the damage got done because she used to drive around here drunk all the time , smashing into poles and stuff .
You think Julian goes around with a drink a lot , you shoulda saw her .
[ the Shitmobile stalls out ]
Ricky : Yeah , you know what 's coming , do n't ya ?
You know what 's gonna happen to you tonight !
Bubbles :
You know , he 's always kicking it and being mean to it , but he loves that old Yorker .
( unwraps a Tootsie Pop ) Purple .
Lawyer : I suggest you turn that camera off right now .
If I see my face on TV or reproduced in any way , I will sue .
Lucy :
This is the guy , right here .
The guy in the track suit .
Ricky :
Who in the fuck are you ?
Lucy :
He 's a fucking lawyer , Ricky .
Ricky :
And I 'm a fuck offer .
Lawyer : Richard , hi , I 've heard so much about you .
( hands Ricky some papers )
Ricky :
What the hell is this ?
Lawyer :
Well , I guess you could call it a bill for being an asshole .
Ricky :
You better watch yourself , buddy .
Bubbles , give me a hand with this reading stuff , please ?
( hands the papers to Bubbles ) A lot of big words there , man .
Bubbles :
Three years child support payments you owe , Ricky .
Ricky : Child reports ?
What ?
Now you got suit dummies making up big fancy word papers about me being a bad father because I 'm rich now ?
This is bullshit , Lucy !
I 'm not a bad father am I , Trinity ?
Lucy : Ricky , a good father does n't go to jail every year , OK ?
Ricky : Some do !
Lawyer : I think you 'll find those papers in order , Richard .
See you in court .
Ricky : ( over megaphone )
Think you 're so big with your little suit and all your little college reading and stuff like that .
Go fuck yourself !
Lucy , you better not be banging him !
Ricky : Trevor and Cory , what the fuck are you guys doing ?
I spent two grand on fireworks and I want to see some fucking fireworks !
Come on !
[ standing on the hood of the Shitmobile with fireworks going off behind him ]
Ricky :
All right everybody , fuck it !
We 're gonna get drunk , we 're gonna eat donairs tonight !
And I plan on getting drunk as fuck tonight !
Drunk as fuck !
Julian : So , Luce , can I ask you something ?
Lucy : Yeah , what ?
Julian :
What 's up with this lawsuit thing ?
Sarah : Look ,
Ricky does n't even understand what child support is , Julian .
He does n't get the fucking concept .
Lucy : I figure that a lawsuit will sorta clear his head a little , make him a little bit more responsible .
Sarah :
No , I do n't fucking think so .
The only way Ricky is gonna get any smarter is if he dies and comes back as a turnip .
He just keeps on getting stupider , Julian .
[ Bubbles is vacuuming the dirt off of Ricky with a Dustbuster ]
Ricky : Just a second , buddy .
[ Ricky walks into Bubbles ' shed to pee ]
Bubbles : Ricky , Jesus .
You might want to close the door .
Ricky : ( to camera crew , drunkenly )
Hey , stop fucking filming me in here .
[ The camera crew zooms in on Bubbles ] Bubbles :
The fuck are you filming him pee for ?
Ricky : Turn off the fucking camera .
[ Bubbles starts vacuuming Ricky 's back while he pees ]
Ricky : ( to camera ) Fuck off .
[ after knocking Cory and Trevor off Julian 's ice cream bikes ]
Ricky : Tripped 'em up with a hockey stick , no big deal , and fired a few shots at them .
the way I see it I bought the bikes , I own 'em .
Just like owning a target .
You shoot at that , I shot at the bikes .
Then Julian 's got this attitude and fires a bullet at my brand - new car !
Real nice !
So I fired a shot at his new car .
Spy for a spy , that 's the way it works around here .
Jim :
All right everybody , clear the area !
Hand over the weapons , Bubbles .
Bubbles :
Go fuck yourself , Lahey .
Ricky :
Well , I think somebody has been talking to Trinity and they 've misleaded her around and basically they said that , you know , I 'm drunk and stupid all the time , which is n't the case .
Once in a while I get drunk , once in a while something comes out of my mouth that may not be the smartest thing in the world , but she should n't be worried about growing up drunk and stupid like me .
That 's not gonna happen .
She 's already smarter than me , you know , and she 's only like 9 years old .
Jim :
Where 's the five grand , Ricky ?
Ricky :
It 's right here , Shitler .
Saleswoman : Hello ?
Hi !
Excuse me ?
Um , I 'm looking for Ricky .
I have his encyclopedias .
Ricky : Trinity , come with me .
Daddy bought you some encyclopedias so you can get smarter and you wo n't be stupid like Daddy when you get older !
Saleswoman : Hi , sweetie !
Ricky :
So what 's the damage ?
Saleswoman : Well , with tax it is $ 4,728.33 , and that is the cash price .
Ricky : What ?
For a bunch of fucking books ?
Saleswoman :
Well , if you do n't have it that 's fine , but I have to tell you , that 's a one - time price only ...
Ricky :
Oh no , shhshhshh no no no ... I 've got lots of money , I 've got the money right here .
What are they , fucking printed in gold or something ?
Jesus Christ !
Jim :
Is that all the money you got , Ricky ?
Ricky :
Well , I got ... I thought I had more than this .
I could sell some stuff , Lahey .
I 'll have your money tomorrow .
I gotta do one thing at a time here .
Jim :
Well , well , well .
What 's it gonna be , Rick ?
You gonna buy the trailer ?
Or are you gonna kiss my bare ass right now in front of all these good people ?
[ Ricky looks at Trinity , then gives the money to the saleswoman ]
Cory : Oh my God , he 's gonna do it , dude !
Holy shit , it 's ass - kissing time , man !
Right on !
Trevor :
You deserve this , Ricky !
Sarah : My God , Lucy let 's ... let 's get Trinity out of here right now .
Lucy : Ricky , you did the right thing .
Ricky : Let 's fucking get this over with , Lahey .
Jim : ( unbuckles his belt )
It would be my pleasure , Ricky !
Ricky : Jesus Christ ...
Jim : Pucker up , boy !
( pulls his pants down )
Randy :
Make it a quick one , Ricky !
Ricky : Bite me , Randy .
[ Ricky takes a big haul off of a wine bottle , gives Jim a peck on the ass ]
Randy :
That 's enough !
Trevor : I can't believe he did that !
Cory : Damn , that 's sick , dude !
[ Ricky spits ]
Trevor : I can't believe he did that !
That 's fuckin ' gross , right ?
Jim :
Well , I guess I won that one , Rick !
Randy : Yeah , I hope you enjoyed that , Lahey .
Julian : Leave him alone .
Temporary Relief Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor [ edit ]
Ricky : I have n't stolen a 10 - speed in over 2 years .
Bubbles :
Well , when I was a little guy , I always wanted to go up into space , be a spaceman .
But you gotta be able to see really fuckin ' good to do that job .
Some guy would take one look at me and say ...' Uhhh , sorry sir , you gotta be able to see a little better than that . '
I do n't give a fuck .
Ricky : Knock knock .
Bubbles :
Who 's there Ricky ?
Ricky : A bootlegger ... a bootlegger in the park and I hope it's not you that 's doing it ...' cause that would put me in an awkwardly situation Julian : Putting you in an awkwardly situation ?
Ricky : Yeah , I work for Lahey now .
I just hope it 's not you , Julian .
Julian :
Well , of course it's me that 's doing it , you bonehead !
Randy :
You better be careful with my walkie , Ricky .
Ricky :
It 's my walkie now , Randy .
You got suspended , remember ?
So fuck off .
Randy :
It 's still my walkie !
Ricky : I guess you did n't hear what I just said .
First thing I said was " it 's my walkie now " , second thing is " you 're suspended " , and the third thing was , " fuck off " .
Jim : Strike three , Ricky .
It is my duty and pleasure to inform you that you are fired .
Give me your walkie .
Ricky : I 'm not fired , I fuckin ' quit .
You want your walkie back ?
No problem .
Here Randy , you can go fuckin ' get it .
Jim : Ricky .
[ Ricky throws Randy 's walkie into the vodka pool , Bubbles laughs ]
Randy :
You just crossed the line , Ricky !
[ Randy attacks
Ricky , they tackle each other into the vodka pool , spilling it ]
Donny : WHAT IN THE FUCK !?
If I Can't Smoke and Swear , I'm Fucked [ edit ]
[ Trinity runs up to Ricky 's car , where he is sleeping on the hood . ]
Trinity : Daddy , wake up !
Wake up , Daddy , wake up !
Wake up !
It 's time to put my patch on , hurry up , Daddy !
Ricky : Trinity has got to quit smoking , like I can't have her smoking anymore , it 's ridiculous .
She had the idea that maybe me and her can quit together , and it's kind of like a good father - daughter thing , so we 're going to quit together , we 're going to go on the patch .
[ Ricky is training Cory and Trevor to steal gasoline . ]
Ricky : Unleaded , blue container .
Supreme , red container .
Diesel in the green .
OK ?
Are we clear here , guys ?
Trevor : Yeah , but how can you tell which is the supreme ?
[ Trinity throws grass at Cory and slaps his arm three times ]
Ricky :
What , are you stupid ?
You fucking taste it .
Unleaded tastes a little tangy , supreme is kinda sour , and diesel tastes pretty good .
Cory :
Will you please .
For gosh sakes , stop it , man .
Can you do somethin ' about your daughter ?
[ Trinity slaps Cory 's arm again ]
Cory : Stop it .
Stop it .
Ricky : Just let her hit you , Cory .
Stand down and listen to me .
[ Trinity slaps Cory 's arm again and they fight each other ]
Cory : Stop it .
I 'm not lettin ' ya .
Ricky :
Are you gonna fight my daughter who's 9 years old ?!
Cuz you 're probably gonna get hurt , okay ?
Boys , do n't fuck this up .
I am your boss .
You do what I say when I say it .
Or I 'll report both of you to Julian and you wo n't be goin ' on this fuckin ' cruise , okay ?
Cory : Come on !
That 's ridiculous , dude !
[ Trinity pushes Cory back ]
Ricky : Cory , shut the fuck up , leave my daughter alone and listen to me .
Go to the store , get Julian some rum and go siphon some fuckin ' gas , alright ?
Cuz I gotta take Trinity to go get some patches .
Trevor : ( spits gas out of his mouth )
Sneeze old man .
Cory : Man , I 'm felling sick , dude .
Trevor :
Then we should stop doing this .
Cory : Yeah man , but the cruise .
We gotta do the cruise .
Trevor : Yeah .
I guess it 's not that bad .
Cory : Aw shit !
Security Dude !
[ Cory runs away ]
Trevor :
Well fuck man !
[ Trevor takes the gas containers and the security guard grabs Trevor ]
Trevor :
What the fuck are you doin ' !
[ The security guard falls over and Trevor runs away with the gas containers ]
Trevor : Fuck you !
Prosecutor : Thank you Mr. Lahey for your expert testimony and for providing this very illuminating tape .
Your honor , I think the video evidence clearly speaks for itself and that any sane and rational person would have no choice but to convict these individuals of these ridiculous crimes .
Ricky : Blah blah blah blah blah fuck .
Prosecutor : Oh F objection !
that 's the 17th time that he has sworn so far .
Judge : Richard , please .
Ricky : Alright , I 'm fuck .
I 'm sorry about the bulls .
About all the stuff but the prosecutor is a f ...
He 's a .
He 's an F in bad guy and he's .
He 's pissin ' me off .
Prosecutor :
He can't even speak without swearing .
Your honor , this is ludicrous .
It 's a disgrace to these proceedings .
Judge :
Thank you .
Richard , since you chose to defend yourself and fire the public defender , I guess it 's your turn to question the witness .
Ricky : Thank you , Your Majesty .
Judge : And Richard , before you begin , I 'd like to say that I think this is a very bad idea .
However , you do have a right to defend yourself , so proceed , but please remember to watch your language .
Ricky : Look , I can't speak without swearing , and I 've only got my grade 10 , and I have n't had a cigarette since I 've been arrested , I 'm ready to fuckin ' snap .
So I 'd like to make a request under the people 's freedom of choices and voices act that I be able to smoke and swear in your courtroom .
Because if I can't smoke and swear , I 'm fucked .
And so are all these guys .
I wo n't be able to properly express myself at a court level , and that 's bullshit .
It 's not fair and if you ask me , I think it 's a fuckin ' miss draw .
Prosecutor :
This man can't represent anyone !
Your Honor !
He 's a complete and total idiot !
Judge :
Now although I am opposed to that kind of language in my courtroom , I 'm going to allow it , as unfortunately it is part of your right to a fair trial .
So you may proceed , but please , I want to remind you that this is not a carnival .
Richard , you have permission to smoke and swear .
Ricky :
Thank you .
I just gotta get some cigarettes , actually .
[ Ricky walks over to the prosecutor 's desk and snaps his fingers ]
Ricky : Let 's go , smokes !
Prosecutor : But I 've only got two left !
Ricky : I do n't care .
You 've been a dick all morning .
It 's the least you can do for me !
Prosecutor : Oh , for the love of God .
[ Several members of the prosecution start to light cigarettes ]
Judge : Just the defendant , please .
Ricky :
My first order of business is to tell the prosecutor to shut the fuck up and wipe that stupid fuckin ' grin off his face because it 's distraculating my case .
Next I want to announce that Lahey and Randy have been drinkin ' all fuckin ' day , they 're wasted out of their fuckin ' minds and they 're both assholes .
And the testimony they gave was total fuckin ' bullshit .
I can prove it and show you what really fuckin ' happened here .
J- Roc :
There 's two things mafuckas gotta know about J - to - the - R - O - C , straight up , you know what I 'm sayin ' ?
First of all , I spin more rhymes than a Lazy Susan and I 'm innocent until my guilt is proven .
Peace .
Representin ' Sunnyvale , straight the fuck up .
Who 's the Microphone Assassin ? [ edit ]
Bubbles : Hi , Linda .
Linda :
Hi , guys .
Ricky :
Hoy are you doing ?
What 's going on ?
Linda :
Too bad .
Bubbles : Listen , can we talk to J - Roc for 1 minute ?
Linda :
Yeah , he 's in his room .
He can stand the noise .
I made some pancake .
You want some , Bubbles ?
Bubbles :
Yes , please .
Put some butter onto it .
( Inside J - Roc 's trailer and rap music is playing )
Linda : Jamie !
Jamie , your friends are here !
Jamie ?
Turn down that damn music !
What can year thing .
Come on , Jamie ! ( opens the door ) J - Roc : Mom ?
Linda : Ga fuck !
You know what I 'm sayin ' !
J - Roc : ( turns off the music )
Turn that shit off , muthafucka !
I was gettin ' changed , you knowemsayin ' ?!
I do n't want that shit on TV !
Bubbles :
Turn that thing off , he 's pullin ' his goalie !
Ricky : Turn off the fuckin ' camera .
What the fuck are you doing , J - Roc ?
J - Roc : I was gettin ' changed , mothafucka !
Ricky : Changed my ass , you fuckin' .
J - Roc :
You non-knockin ' muthafuckas !
Ricky :
That was fucked .
Bubbles :
That was a bit fucked .
J - Roc :
It was n't that fucked , you knowemsayin ' ?
I was gettin ' changed .
What 's goin ' on ?
Julian : Listen man , I got some good news for ya ... get cleaned up and meet me back at the flea market .
J - Roc : A'ight .
( pats Bubbles ' shoulder with the hand he changed with ) Peace , Bub .
Bubbles : Do n't touch me .
J - Roc :
You ma-fuckas ain't gonna tell nobody that I was gettin ' changed , right ?
Bubbles : No !
Christ , no .
[ Jim and Randy get out of the Fuckmobile ] Jim : Julian , what the hell 's this shit ?
Julian :
Not breaking any rules here , Jim .
Why do n't you take your place on J - Roc 's property ?
Ricky :
So I guess you 2 can fuck off !
Jim : Julian , I told you I did n't want any shit in Sunnyvale .
You idiots have loaded up a hair triggered , double barreled shit machine gun and the barrel 's pointed straight at your own hits !
Randy :
So like , the barrel of the gun 's bent back ?
Jim : Let 's go , Randy .
If these boys want to play hardball .
We can play hardball too .
Ricky :
You guys are fucked , you know that ?
( grabs Randy )
Get the fuck in you car !
Jim : Clean this up !
Ricky :
Get the fuck out of here !
Jim :
You keep your hands off him , Ricky !
Ricky !
Bubbles : Shit !
In you go , fatty .
Jim :
The day of reckoning is at hand boy !
[ Jim revs the Fuckmobile and Ricky gives Jim and Randy the middle fingers ]
Ricky : Later , boys .
Oh fu ...
Reverse , dumbass !
Randy : Ricky !
Ricky :
You guys are so fuckin ' stupid .
( gives Jim and Randy the middle fingers again and Jim touches Ricky 's left hand )
Randy :
Get this cleaned up .
Bubbles : Nice daze out there .
Nice getaway , Lahey .
[ Jim drives the Fuckmobile backwards and Ricky gives Jim and Randy the middle fingers again ]
Closer to the Heart [ edit ]
Ricky : Helix was a wicked concert .
Fuck , I sold a lot of dope at that concert .
I mean , they had good lyrics like gimme an R - O - C - K and the crowd yells rock really loud .
Now that 's a fuckin ' concert !
Bubbles : I 'm not giving anyone a fuckin ' R. Ricky : Rush just do n't do stuff like that .
They got these lyrics about how trees are talking to each other and how different sides of your brain works , or outerspace bullshit .
Bubbles : Gimme a fuckin' R .
Ricky :
What the fuck are you guys doing here ?
You following us or something ?
Cory : Yeah , sorry I was following you , dude .
But I have a brilliant idea , man .
If we take dope and sell it at the Rush concert , we can sell it for double the price and make a ton of loot , man !
It works every time .
Can you hook us up ?
Ricky :
That 's a good idea , guys .
I got a little bit of dope here for you .
[ Ricky feigns opening the glove box , then pulls out his hand with a middle finger raised and sticks it in Cory 's face ]
Ricky :
There 's no fucking dope in town , you idiots !
Trevor : Julian , you gotta be able to get some dope .
We 'll take the cruise money and double it up , man .
We can do it !
Julian :
All right , boys .
Here .
Get us all some Rush tickets .
[ Julian gives Cory a handful of cash ]
Cory : Nice !
Ricky :
You sure about this ?
Julian : I want the change back too , boys .
Do n't fuck this up !
Cory :
That 's cool .
Julian : I think I can get us some dope , man .
Ricky :
Where the fuck are you gonna get dope ?
[ Ricky walks up to a cop with a drug dog in a parking garage ]
Ricky : How 's it goin ' ?
You guys got a package for Cory and Trevor Lahey ?
[ Another cop walks up , Ricky gives him money , the cop with the dog takes a big bag of pot out from under the dog 's harness and hands it to Ricky ]
Ricky : Fuck , I hate buying dope from cops , man .
They way overcharge every time .
It does n't even feel like a pound .
Bubbles : Julian , this is n't about the money , you know .
Do n't you guys ever think of the music ?
That 's what this is about .
Remember ' Closer To The Heart ' ?
Remember how good the fuckin ' concert was in 87 ?
Ricky :
That was awesome , man .
Remember we got kicked out during ' I Like To Rock ' ?
Then we wrecked the Dartmouth ferry ?
That was fuckin ' wicked !
Bubbles :
That was fuckin' April Wine , Ricky , but that was a good fuckin ' concert .
[ Ricky walks up to a hotel front desk with a beat up old guitar ] Desk Attendant : Welcome to the Prince Elliot .
Ricky : How 's it goin ' .
I 'm Alex Lifeson 's personal guitar tech and I gotta take this up to his room right away .
Can I have the key , please ?
[ Ricky walks into room 2112 quietly and sneaks up on Alex shaving in the bathroom ]
Ricky :
Most rock stars are supposed to be really approachable and really fun and easy to talk to , but for some reason , Alex was n't .
Ricky : I need four tickets to your concert right now .
We can do this the easy way or the hard way .
Alex Lifeson : Look , look , I 'm not a ticket agency , I 'm sorry .
I can't help you with the tickets .
Ricky :
You can't give me four tickets to your concert ?!
Alex Lifeson : I 'm sorry .
Ricky :
He 's just one of these guys that , ' Hey , I do n't want to talk to anybody , ' and ' I 'm a big fancy rock star , ' and ' You ca n't talk to me ! '
So , it pissed me off .
[ Ricky starts wrapping Alex up in duct tape ]
Alex Lifeson : Hang on a second , man !
Hang on !
[ Ricky leads
Alex down the hallway in his robe , duct - taped and ankle - cuffed ]
Ricky : Let 's go .
No fuckin ' around here .
You say a word about this and I 'm gonna tell everyone you sexually assaulted me .
Alex Lifeson : Come on , give me a break !
Ricky : Come with me , just take it easy .
We 're just gonna go for a little ride .
[ They walk into the lobby ]
Ricky : Hotel Security !
This man 's drunk as fuck , he 's on drugs , he 's a male prostitute .
I 'm gonna escort him out of here !
Desk Attendant :
What 's going on ?
Male prostitute ?
Alex Lifeson :
Where are we ?
Ricky :
The fuckin ' best trailer park in the goddamn world , right here .
Good people , good friends , and we 're gonna see a little show .
Look , the first thing I want to do is to make it clear , this is not kidnapping , okay ?
Alex Lifeson :
This is totally kidnapping .
Ricky :
This is not fuckin ' kidnapping !
Alex Lifeson :
This is fuckin ' totally kidnapping .
Ricky : I 'm borrowing you for a little bit to play a little concert back at the trailer park !
Alex Lifeson : I do n't do that kind of stuff !
Ricky : Look , you 're in a rock band !
You should be used to this shit !
Alex Lifeson : Can I tell you something ?
You 're a fuckin ' mental case !
Ricky :
What the fuck are you talkin ' about ?
Alex Lifeson :
You are crazy !
Ricky :
It 's not my fault you 're this big fuckin' .
Alex Lifeson :
You 're gonna go to jail for a long time .
Ricky : I 'm not going to fuckin ' jail , believe me .
This is n't kidnapping .
I 'm borrowing you for a little bit , alright ?
Bubbles :
Oh , no big deal at all .
Ricky just went and .
Stole a human being !
Ricky :
It 's like a little rehearse Lee .
Play a couple of songs then you can go back to your little dream world or wherever the fuck it is you do with yourself all the time , playin ' your fuckin ' big guitar in front of people .
Julian :
Hey , buddy .
Ricky : Julian !
I came through , buddy !
Where 's Bubbles ?
Julian :
He 's at the vet .
Do n't tell me you got tickets ...
Ricky : I got better than tickets .
Check this out .
Julian : Ricky .
Ricky . this .
You 're from Rush .
Ricky : Yeah , it 's Alex Lifeson .
Alex , this is J... ah , Gored , uh , Downy .
This is Alex .
Hey , play I Like To Rock .
Alex Lifeson : That 's April Wine .
Ricky : Well , play that Diane Sawyer song .
Just fuckin ' play somethin' .
That 's why you 're here .
[ Alex Lifeson plays a song on the guitar ] Julian : Ricky , what 's he doing here ?
Ricky : I just borrowed him for a couple of hours from the hotel .
Julian : You kidnapped him Ricky .
Ricky :
That 's not kidnapping .
Julian :
You do n't boro people .
Ricky :
It 's totally cool man .
We worked it all out .
Julian :
You were .
Alright , can you stop playing this just for a second .
Alright .
he ya alright .
I 'm gonna untie you and you 're not gonna call the police .
He 's just a big fan .
He made a mistake .
This is n't kidnapping .
I 'm sorry man .
Like are we cool or what ?
Alex Lifeson :
You untie me , you get me back to my hotel .
It 's no problem .
[ Julian walks Alex out to a cab ] Julian : I 'm sorry about all this shit , man .
Alex Lifeson : OK .
It 's all right .
Ricky : Fuck that !
Do n't even worry about him !
[ Julian pushes Ricky back while Alex tells the cab where to go ]
Ricky : Fuckin ' shove me ...
Alex Lifeson : I 'm going downtown .
Ricky :
You got enough money ?
Here 's another dollar thirty - six there , dick tree .
[ Ricky throws the coins at his feet , Julian helps him pick them up ]
Alex Lifeson : I can't believe I 'm picking this stuff up !
Ricky : Just get the fuck out of here , would ya ?
He 's kind of a dick .
Julian :
You fucked up big time .
[ Alex Lifeson gives Ricky the middle finger as the cab drives off and Ricky gives Alex Lifeson the middle finger ]
Julian : Ricky , Ricky , do n't be giving him the finger .
Ricky : He fuckin ' started it .
Julian :
No , you fucked up big time this time , man .
You wanna go back to jail ?
Because it looks like you do .
Huh ?
Ricky : Julian , look .
I fucked up and I 'm sorry , alright ?
You got a better idea ?
[ The boys walk to a manhole wearing garbage bags ]
Ricky :
This is fucked up , Julian .
Julian : Look boys , I 'm sorry , alright ?
The security 's a little tight .
This 'll be fun man .
Bubbles :
This is not fuckin ' fun , Julian !
This is bullshit !
Julian :
You wanna see Rush , Bubbles ?
Bubbles :
Yes , I wanna see Rush !
Julian : Get down there .
You want me to go next ?
Bubbles : Please .
What if something gets me ?
Bubbles : Ah !
Something licked me on the knee !
Something licked me !
[ Julian lifts up a grate ]
Bubbles :
We did it Julian .
Was that the Alex Lifeson ?
Julian : Shh !
Bubbles :
That is him !
Ricky : Shh !
Alex Lifeson : Sorry , Randy ?
I got this t- shirt for you to wear tonight on stage during the guitar changes .
Randy :
No thanks , Alex .
I do n't wear shirts .
Alex Lifeson : Oh , no .
You gotta wear a shirt .
Please .
Randy : Never do .
Jim : Randy does n't wear shirts , Mr. Lifeson .
That 's just the way it is .
Alex Lifeson : Well , Mr. Lahey , maybe you can talk him into wearing this shirt .
Jim :
He does n't wear shirts , not even in the winter time .
[ Notices Ricky , Julian and Bubbles walking towards them ]
Jim :
How did you idiots get in here ?!
Bubbles : Hi , Alex .
Ricky :
Do n't worry about it , Lahey .
Hey , I know this guy !
Randy : How 's this shit ?
Bubbles :
See this , Randy ?
When somebody like Alex Lifeson gives you a fuckin ' t- shirt to put on , you 're puttin ' the fuckin ' thing on .
I do n't care if you do n't wear shirts .
Randy : I do n't wear a frig !
[ Bubbles attempts to put the t- shirt on Randy ] Jim : Randy does n't wear shirts !
[ Bubbles struggles to get Randy to wear the t- shirt while the other try to pry him off ]
Jim : [ To the security guards ]
Take the garbage downtown , boys .
[ The guards drag the boys away ] Donny : WHAT IN THE FUCK ?!
[ The boys get out of the cab ]
Bubbles :
This is fucked !
Ricky : Fuckin ' believe we gotta go down the same !
Julian : Boys , it was n't that bad .
[ Alex is in his dressing room , playing Red Barchetta ]
Ricky :
What the fuck are you doing wearing my clothes ?
Alex Lifeson : Oh , not this asshole again !
What are you doing with my clothes ?! ( to Julian ) I thought we had a deal here !
No cops ?
Ricky : Just give me back my fuckin ' clothes .
[ Randy walks into the room and sees Ricky , Julian and Bubbles ]
Randy : Alex , we 're on in four ...
Alex Lifeson : Oh , great .
Randy : I 'm friggin ' tellin ' !
[ Randy runs out of the room ]
Ricky : You fuckin ' asshole !
Randy : Mr. Lahey !
Bubbles , Julian and Ricky snuck back in !
Ricky : Fuckin ' dicks ...
Alex Lifeson : Guys , please .
Gimme a break , here .
I gotta get back on stage , I gotta get out of these stupid track pants and into my clothes right now !
Ricky :
What the fuck 's wrong with track pants ?
Where in the Fuck is Randy 's Barbecue ? [ edit ]
Jim : Yeah , Julian ?
Jim Lahey here .
Yeah , Public Idiot No. 1 has gone one step too far .
We 're in the eye of a shiticane here , Julian .
Ricky : ( attempts to take the phone out of Jim's hand ) Give me the fuckin ' phone .
Jim : Ricky is a low - shit system .
( Ricky takes the phone out of Jim 's hand ) Ricky : Julian , this is Ricky .
Lahey 's snooping around my fuckin' .
Ah , this fuckin ' thing .
( throws the phone )
Julian : Randy , a lot of barbecues look alike .
You 're probably on drugs or confused or something like you usually are .
Jim : Julian , I 'm collecting paperwork and when I get enough , I can evict anyone in this park .
You , Ricky , even little Bubbles here .
And you know why ?
Cuz you all signed on the dotted line .
I 'm watching you , Julian .
Like a shit hawk .
Like a shit hawk .
Come on , Randy .
Bubbles : Julian , what 's a shit hawk ?
Some kind of a shitty bird that swoops down and puts poop onto ya or somethin ' ?
Julian : Bubbles , shit hawks do n't exist , okay ?
He 's just drunk .
Do n't listen to him .
Bubbles :
Well , can he boot us out of the park like he said he could ?
Julian :
No , he 's just being a dick .
Listen , man .
There 's no way this operation 's gonna draw heat , okay ?
I promise you that .
Everything 's gonna be cool .
Just keep up the good work , man .
Do n't worry about him .
Bubbles : Yeah , everything 'll be cool .
Just like it 's cool every other time you promised me and you go back to jail and I 'm left here by myself with shit hawks flyin ' around , shit ropes comin ' after me .
Shitty this and shitty that .
Ricky :
What in the fuck ?
Are you dressed up like a bumblebee for ?
And why do you look like Indianapolis Jones ?
Jim :
It 's none of your goddamn business , Ricky .
If you must know , Randy and I were rehearsing for a play for the Blandford Recreation Centre next Thursday .
Randy : No ! Mr. Lahey , we were n't rehearsing for a play .
Jim :
We were practicing , Randy .
Randy :
It 's not Halloween , we 're not doing community theatre .
Jim : Randy .
Randy :
We 're consenting adults .
And what we do in the privacy of our own home is .
Is fine , Mr. Lahey .
Jim : Randy , please .
Randy :
And I do n't care .
I do n't care if the whole world knows that we like to dress up , that we like to have some fun .
And that , we 're a couple .
Hey everybody !
We 're gay !
Ricky : ( shocked )
What ?
Randy : Say it , Mr. Lahey .
It feels great .
Jim : Alright Randy .
We 'll do it your way .
Everybody .
I 'm gay .
[ The camera leans to a shocked Bubbles , who awkwardly turns away ]
A Shit Leopard Can't Change Its Spots [ edit ]
Ricky :
What 's wrong , sweetie ?
Trinity :
You 're always in jail for Christmas .
Ricky : I 'm gonna do my best to stay out of jail this year .
That what the cruise all about .
We 're gonna go on the cruise instead of go to jail .
I 'll tell you what .
I got a great idea .
Why do n't we have Christmas today ?
Trinity : Really ?
Ricky :
To make up for all the Christmases I was in jail drunk .
We 'll have real presents and everything .
Trinity : Cool !
Ricky : ( Gets out of the paddle boat ) Come on out .
[ Trinity also gets out of the paddle boat and Ricky throws a glass bottle and a bag into the lake ]
Trinity :
You 're allowed doing that !
That 's littering !
( Cuts to Ricky sitting on his car ) Ricky : I 've notice that if you throw something into a water .
Body like a lake or an ocean that the next day you come back and it 's gone .
So somehow it takes it away and filters it through and just cleans it up like a garbage compactor or whatever .
So it 's not really littering if you ask me .
( Cuts back to Ricky hanging out with Trinity ) Ricky :
That 's fine .
The water 's gonna wash it all away , sweetie .
Aw shit !
We 're gonna have to borrow a tire from somebody , Trin .
Ricky :
The fastest way to get money is steal a bank machine .
It does n't take rocket appliances to realize .
All you gotta do is take a fuckin ' chain , hook it up to the truck and yank the fuckin ' back machine out of the store .
Cory :
Hey , everybody !
How you doin ' !
This is my friend Mr. Gun !
My special guest Smith and Wesson says get your ass down and give some quarters !
This is a stick up , real deal , real gun , full cooperation and no one gets done !
Yeah !
So listen to me cuz that 's what I say when I rock hip uh ...
Trevor : Stop fuckin ' robin , man .
This is a real thing .
Cory : Down please miss .
Down .
Down .
Alright , you just keep doin ' what you 're doin ' .
You 're cool , that 's alright .
Tall boy , get down !
Do n't make me fuckin ' get up there !
Trevor : Come on , we want your change .
Cory : Down !
Trevor : Give us your change now .
Cory : Dude , just take the fuckin ' quarters !
Trevor : Please get on the ground !
Aw , man .
Look at these little things of detergent .
( Trevor takes the detergent )
We should take some of these too .
Cory :
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
[ Ricky is honking his horn ]
Bubbles :
Thanks for the milk shake , Julian .
It 's delicious .
Heh heh heh heh .
Ricky : HIGH !
IN DRUNK !
AS FUCK !
DRUNK AS FUCK !!
( Throws a glass bottle at Julian 's car ) Julian : Is that Ricky ?
Bubbles : I Would say it is , Julian .
Jim :
My god !
It 's Ricky !
[ Ricky smashes the Boom Gate ] Jim : Yeah , we got a 10 72 at the Sunnyvale Trailer Park .
Thank you very much .
Well Ricky , it looks like you shit goose this time .
Ricky : Fuck you , fuck you , fuck your gay .
Jim : Willful destruction of property , theft under a thousand dollars , trespassing , dangerous driving .
You 're goin ' back to jail , boy .
Ricky : Good .
Did you call the cops yet ?
Jim : Yeah I did .
Ricky : Good .
I want to go back to jail .
Jim :
You wanna go .
Ricky : Hey , Trin.
Trinity : Hi .
Ricky :
Where did you get this rim ?
Trinity : I borrowed it , daddy .
Just like you taught me to .
Merry Christmas .
Ricky : Like I taught you to ?
What do you mean ?
Jim : Apples do n't fall far from the tree .
Do they , Rick ?
Ricky : Lahey , I got a lot to deal with before I go back to jail .
I do n't have time for your shit right now so fuck off .
Jim : Speaking of shit , Rick , which you were .
When a shit apple falls from a tree and grows up in a field of shit .
It does n't have any choice .
Just like Trinity .
She 's gonna grow up to be a shit apple tree .
Just like her father .
Have fun in jail , Rick .
Trinity : I wanna go to jail .
Ricky : Trinity , do n't ever say that again .
Okay ?
Do n't joke around .
Trinity : I wanna go to jail .
Jail , jail , jail , jail .
Ricky : Trinity , stop it !
I 'm serious .
Do n't ever joke about that .
You 're never going to jail , okay ?
Jim :
Oh yes she is , Rick .
Ricky :
No she 's not , Lahey .
So fuck off .
Season 4 ( 2004 ) [ edit ]
Never Cry Shitwolf [ edit ]
Bubbles : J - Roc !
Listen , Julian got out of jail early , he does n't even know we 're growing weed .
I gotta create a distraction , J - Roc .
Can you please let me say we got this car for him as a present ?
J - Roc : Bubbles , this is my brand - new whip , ma-fucka !
Do n't do that to me , you know what I 'm sayin ' ?
Bubbles : Come on , J - Roc !
I 'm in a jam .
I got an idea ...
Two grams of blonde Lebanese hash ?
J - Roc :
Let me check this shit out ...
Bubbles : ( drops the hash ) Shit !
( hands J - Roc the hash )
Check that out .
J - Roc : Bubbles , that ain't even blonde , you know what I 'm sayin ' ma-fucka ... ( smells the hash ) Bubbles :
It 's dirty blonde , though !
Look , it 's got blonde streaks into it , it 's Lebanese ...
J - Roc :
All right , Bubbles .
Do n't say I did n't have your back , you know what I 'm sayin ' ?
Bubbles : Julian , I 'm craving some Chalet take - out .
Come on , my treat ?
Julian :
All right , all right !
Bubbles :
And then we 're gettin ' drunk , all right ?
Julian : Okay , thank you !
Tyrone : Man , Bubbles , man , I would like some chicken , man .
Get me a quarter chicken dinner , extra gravy .
DVS : Fa sho ' .
Quarter chicken dinner , french fries , onion rings .
J - Roc : Chicken - rib combo , extra roll , B. Bubbles : Boys , boys , come off it !
This is distraction chicken I 'm buying Julian !
J- Roc :
Oh , so now I 'm like , ' you got my whip , ' you know what I 'm sayin ' , ' but I ai n't got no chicken ! '
Jim : Look , you might have my job now , Ricky .
But I got something you 'll never have .
Ricky : Yeah ?
What 's that , Lahey ?
Jim : My Grade 11 .
[ bottle kids are walking down the street ]
Ricky : ( honks horn )
Get over here you little f...
NO NO NO NO NO !
Do n't throw bottles at me !
Do n't throw bottles at me ever , OK ?
Now listen up .
I want you to hit lot 423 , hit it hard , OK ?
You guys know what flaming shit bags are ?
Good .
Throw some of those in the mix .
I got two big bags of chips .
I 'll give you one now and one when you 're done .
Move it out , boys .
( bottle kids run off )
He can stick his Grade 11 up his ass .
Jim :
Are you really this fuckin ' stupid ?
George : Let 's talk about stupid , Jim .
I 'm gonna put this in a way that even someone like you can understand .
Remember the story of the little boy who cried wolf ?
In case you forgot , he was a little boy who cried for help because he said there was a wolf after him .
Each time the people of the village came running , and each time there was no wolf .
Eventually they got really tired of it .
So when he calls for help because there 's a real wolf after him , nobody takes him seriously .
Nobody comes , because nobody cares .
Do you see where I 'm going with this , Jim ?
Jim : George , I know it looks like I 'm off the .
[ George interrupts him ]
George : Listen .
What we have here , Jim , is a shit wolf .
Do you know what a shit wolf is ?
You never seem to have that crucial little thing called evidence .
But each time you cry shit wolf , and each time I come running .
No more , Jim .
Never again .
Jim : J... George : Now , I want you to tell me what the moral of the story is .
Jim : George .
George : No. Say it Jim .
Say it .
Jim :
Never cry shit wolf .
George :
That 's right .
Now get your sorry ass out of here or you 're spending the night in the drama tank .
A Man's Gotta Eat [ edit ]
Ricky :
Here 's a little piece of hash , go to the stove , do some hot knives , get stoned , and get to work .
Randy : I can't get stoned , Ricky Ricky :
What do you mean ?
It 's shitty work , everybody does that , all right ?
Carpenters , electricians , dishwashers , floor cleaners , lawyers , doctors , fuckin ' politicians , CBC employees , principals , people who paint the lines on the fuckin ' roads .
Get stoned , it 'll be fun , get to work .
Julian :
You 're not prostituting yourself for cheeseburgers again , are ya , Randy ?
Randy : Man 's gotta eat , Julian .
Ricky :
You gotta come back to the trailer park right now .
I got a job for you , it 's gonna be perfect : Assistant Trailer Park Supervisor .
Julian : ( laughs drunkly ) Assistant .
Ricky :
That 's right , buddy .
4600 bucks a year .
Bubbles quit and I could use a hand .
I 'm gonna straigten all the shit out man , things are gonna be cool .
[ Randy overhears ]
Randy : Hey Ricky , I 'm looking for work !
Bubbles : Fuck off , Randy !
Ricky : How 's it going , Randy ?
Did you get everything done ?
Randy : Almost .
Are those my burgers , Ricky ?
That 's my burger , right ?
Ricky : No , Barb made these for me .
Randy : I want my fuckin ' burger , Rick !
Ricky : Randy , I 'll get yours later .
You did n't finish your job .
[ Randy tries to take the burger out of Ricky 's hand ]
Ricky : Fuck off Randy !
Randy : Fuck you !
Ricky :
You get the fuckin ' chicken chips - [ Randy grabs the burger and tries to eat it as Ricky starts choking him ]
Ricky : Fuckin ' asshole !
Give me that back you fuckin ' dick !
Let go of it !
Stop grabbing it !
[ Jim sees Ricky from his back view , making it look like Randy is trying to perform oral sex on him ]
Ricky :
Get your hands of it !
Get your fuckin' hands of it !
Randy : IT 'S MINE !!
Jim : Smokey !
[ Lahey trips and accidently shoots the arrow towards Ricky and Randy ]
[ Ricky gets shot in the back of his shoulder with the arrow ]
Ricky : [ in pain ]
Fuck !!!
What the fuck ?!
Ah , Jesus Christ !
[ Ricky takes out his gun and starts shooting aimlessly ]
Donny : WHAT IN THE FUCK ?!
Julian :
What are you doing ?!
Give me that !
Ricky : I 'm trying to shoot whoever fuckin ' shot me !
Jim : Randy , how could you do that ?
Ricky : Jesus Christ !!!
Randy :
Do what ?
Jim :
What you were doing with Ricky ?
Randy : I was n't doing anything with Ricky .
Ricky :
Is that a fuckin ' bow and .
You fuckin ' shot me !
Jim :
It was an accident , Ricky .
I was trying to shoot a blue jay .
Ricky : I 'll show you a fuckin ' blue jay !
Julian : Ricky , it was an accident !
Listen , you can call the cops on Lahey for getting shot with an arrow , but he can call the cops on you for firing a handgun out in the trailer park .
They cancel out .
Ricky :
That does n't even make sense , Julian .
Julian :
It 's even , Ricky .
Ricky : I do n't have the right people words to make you understand the way it means to me , but something 's fucked up here !
Bubbles : Hold still , Ricky .
[ Bubbles lightly tries to pull out the arrow ]
Ricky AGHHHH !!!
FUUUCK !!!
Julian : Get outta here !
[ Julian pushes Ricky away as he grunts in pain ]
Randy : Ricky , you owe me two double cheeseburgers for cleaning up Julian 's trailer !
Ricky : I never said doubles , Randy !
I never said fuckin ' doubles !
Where 's my chocolate milk and chicken chips ?!
Julian : Rick , go home !
Ricky : ( to Randy )
Fuck you and fuck your cheeseburgers !
Bubbles : Everybody calm down !!
For fuck 's sakes !
Is this all about cheeseburgers ?!
Randy : Yeah .
Bubbles :
Well , Randy , I 've got burger meat and cheese at my shed .
I 'll cook some up for you on the barbeque if that 'll diffuse the situation .
Rub 'N Tiz'zug [ edit ]
Bubbles : Boys , I feel like I got hit by a fuckin ' dump truck .
How much would a massage thing cost me , do you figure ?
Julian : Massage .
Ricky : Look , Julian , I know I 'm dumb as fuck and stuff , but why can't we just steal more furniture and fill up these trailers with furniture and fuckin ' open like a used furniture store or some shit ?
Bubbles :
Used furniture store 's not a bad idea , Julian .
Keep Lahey and Randy distracted , make a few bucks .
Ricky : Exactly .
Get two birds stoned at once .
Julian :
We 're gonna fill the trailers up with furniture all right , boys , but we 're gonna rent them out by the hour .
Bubbles :
Aw , that 's greasy .
Ricky :
That 's really fuckin ' greasy .
Julian : Yeah , it 's greasy .
Bubbles : Gree - hee - hee - heasy .
Julian :
What do you think , Bubs ?
Bubbles :
Well , I do n't know much about this stuff , Julian .
DVS : They 're good hos , man .
They 're good hos , I 'm tellin ' ya .
Bubbles :
What other choice do we have ?
He says they 're good hos .
Julian :
All right , all right , done .
Three o'clock .
DVS : I 'll see you then .
I 'll be waitin' here , with the hos , homie .
J - Roc : Peace out , sling blade !
Bubbles :
It 's not a sling , J - Roc , it 's duct tape .
Just get the hose .
Julian : J - Roc , where 's this guy at anyway ?
J - Roc : Chill out , Julian .
Cyrus 'll be here in a minute , ya know what I 'm sayin ' ?
Julian : Cyrus ?!
Ricky :
What the fuck are you doing working with Cyrus ?
Cyrus :
Well well well .
If it is n't the big , tough Julianne .
The Hubble Bubble Telescope .
And Helmet Head .
Bubbles : Fuckin ' call me a telescope .
Cyrus : Ladies !
The boss is home .
It 's been a long time no see , dick weeds .
( pulls a gun )
Ricky :
Why do n't you take your little gun and fuck off , Cyrus ?
Cyrus : ( chambers a round )
Why do n't we fuck on ?
Cory : ( walks out of the trailer ) Julian , where 's the hand cream ?
Cyrus : ( takes a man 's bag of chips out of his hand ) I know one of you dickheads did this to my car , cuz you 're the only ones who know I failed Grade 10 .
Tyrone : You failed Grade 10 ?
Cyrus : ( points his gun towards the Roc Pile ) Fuck off !
( points to his vandalized car )
And what 's this , ' I 'm a fuck head ' ?
Huh ?
Ricky : Actually , it says ' I 'm fucked in the head ' , ' cause you are .
Sarah : Ricky , where the fuck are Cory and Trevor ?
I said I wanted them back an hour ago .
Ricky : I do n't fucking know , they went home two hours ago .
They told me .
Sarah :
Well , I do n't have them , you must still have them .
Donny : GET YOUR HANDS OFF IT !
I PAID FOR A LADY , NOT FUCKING CORY AND TREVOR !
Ricky : Randy takes his pants off when he wants to fight .
He can't fight in tight pants .
He 's worried about ripping his precious little pants .
So when the pants come off , look the fuck out .
The Green Bastard [ edit ]
Julian : Listen , why do n't you try focusing on the weed a bit more , OK ?
Instead of being trailer park supervisor .
You 're fuckin ' up , man .
Ricky : Sounds like someone 's a little bit jealous about me being supervisor .
Julian :
No , no , those plants are getting huge , Rick , OK ?
They 're starting to scare me a bit .
Bubbles : I can't wait to start fuckin ' hammerin ' people !
( shoulder - checks his shed door )
Bubbles : ( as The Green Bastard ) Boys !
Green Bastard !
Parts unknown !
Cory and Trevor ?
Get the fuck in the ring !
Ricky :
You look good , buddy !
Bubbles : Green Bastard !
Ricky :
You do n't wanna move the cars ?
Fine , boys !
Well , I 'm just gonna start pissin ' in this general direction and if this car 's illegally parked , it might accidentally get pissed on !
Everybody want to see some pissin ' ?
Barb : Don't !
Richard !
[ Ricky climbs on the hood and pisses on the car 's windshield ]
Barb : RICHARD !
Bernie :
My car !
Ricky : I fuckin ' warned them three times , Barb , and they would n't listen to me !
They do n't even believe I 'm the trailer park supervisor , all right ?!
Barb : Gentlemen , I am so very sorry about this !
Jim :
You 're right Bernie , he 's the epitome ( pronounced " epi-toam " ) of refractory !
Ricky :
Tell 'em , Julian !
I 'm the trailer park supervisor here !
You guys wo n't believe me !
It 's bullshit !
Bernie : Jim , let me take this one .
Ricky , you and me .
Come on !
( grabs Ricky 's arm and leads him away )
Ricky :
What the fuck do you wanna talk about ?
Bernie :
You 'll find out !
What you 've just done , pissin ' on my car , you have crossed the line with me !
I 've had guys throw barbecues at me , they 've broke the windows out of my car , they 've cursed and sworn at me !
But the bottom line is : I ai n't shook .
( clenches his fist ) ' Cause if the Right Hook comes out , crazy motherfuckers like you get knocked out .
Do n't be lookin ' me in the eyes , boy !
I ai n't got no candy for you !
No candy , except for the Right Hook .
Bubbles : Cory Braid head .
He gets him set up for the clothesline ...
URRRH !! ( clotheslines Cory ) Oh my GOD !
He fuckin ' ...
Devastating !
You all right , Cory ?
Cory : Yeah , I 'm fine .
Bubbles : I do n't give a fuck , actually .
( body slams Cory onto the mat )
Get in here , Trevor !
Come on !
Trevor : Forget that , Bubbles !
I 'm goin ' home !
( Cory sneaks out of the ring and they run away ) Bubbles : ( puts his hand up for a high - five ) Aw , come on , boys !
Boys !
Conky [ edit ]
Bubbles : ( talking to his cats ) Listen up , guys .
I need to talk to you .
I 'm sorry I have n't been able to look after you properly lately , but there 's just too many of yas around , your parents have been banging like crazy .
There 's just so many of you around right now and I 've been losing focus because I 'm in a lot of fucking pain .
But the pain I 'm about to feel is nothing compared to what I 've been feeling by neglecting you little guys .
( sighs ) Ricky : ( upon arriving at Bubbles ' shed ) Cory and Trevor are fucking lazy !
At least if we ask Bubbles to fuckin ' fertilize the plants we know it 'll get done .
[ Bubbles moans ] Julian : Shh. Listen .
[ Bubbles does a distressed moan ]
Ricky :
What the fuck 's he doing in there ?
Bubbles : YOU COCKSUCKER !!
[ the door flings open and hits Ricky in the face ]
Bubbles : Oh my God , what happened ?
Ricky : Bubbles , you just broke my fuckin ' nose !
Julian : Holy shit , Bubbles .
Your face is fucked !
Bubbles :
No , it 's not that bad , Julian !
Julian :
No no no no , you let that toothache go way too long .
Here .
Bubbles : I can get 'er out , it 's no pr ... Julian :
No , open up , let me take a look .
Bubbles :
No , it 's no problem !
Julian :
Let me take a look !
Open up !
Bubbles : Julian !
Julian : Bubbles , open up !
[ Bubbles opens his mouth reluctantly , moaning ] Julian :
Oh , yeah .
Your jaw is totally infected , man .
We gotta take you to the hospital , buddy !
Bubbles :
No fucking way , Julian !
I do n't go to the hospital , you know that !
Ricky :
You went to the hospital when you fucked your arm over fixing carts , Bubbles .
You gotta go .
Bubbles : But , boys , I had Conky with me that time .
Ricky : Conky ?
Do n't even say that name !
I hate that little fucker !
Julian : Bubbles , Bubbles , Bubbles !
I got something for you !
Bubbles : Oh my God !
Conky !
Conky !
Where have you been ?
Oh my God !
Oh my God , I 've missed you !
I thought you were dead for sure !
Ricky : I thought you were dead too , you little bastard .
Conky : Luckily I do n't need oxygen to live under water like you do .
Stupid !
Ricky : Julian , it 's starting already .
I 'm telling you right now .
( turns his attention back to the puppet )
If you fuck with me , Conky , I 'm gonna fuck with you .
I 'm outta here .
Julian :
No no no .
( pulls Ricky aside )
Ricky , Ricky , I need your help here !
We gotta get him to the hospital or he could go into a coma .
Bubbles :
What ?!
A coma ?!
A coma ?
I 'm going into a coma ?
Julian , I can't .
Julian :
No no no , you 're probably not gonna .
You 're gonna be fine , Bubbles !
Bubbles :
What 's it like in a coma ?
Julian : Bubbles , why do n't you ask Conky if it 's OK to go to the hospital ?
Bubbles : Conky , do you think .
Do you think it would be a good idea for me to go to the hospital and get that fixed ?
Conky :
Well I think it might be a good idea to go on an adventure with Julian and .
Rickyyyyy ! ( disturbed giggle )
Ricky : Final warning there , fuckface .
Final warning .
Nurse : Can I help you ?
Julian : Yes , you can .
My friend 's got an abscess tooth .
We need someone to take a look at it .
Bubbles :
No , we do n't actually , Julian .
Let 's just get the fuck outta here .
I 'm fine .
Nurse : I 'm sorry sir , there 's no smoking .
And is this gentleman with you too ?
Ricky : Yeah , I 'm fucking with him .
What do you mean , there 's no smoking ?
Nurse :
And what is your problem , sir ?
Ricky :
Well , now I can't smoke .
That 's my first problem .
I got a busted nose which I now got a rag glued to , and a fucking truck glued to my hand .
How 's that for a start ?
Conky :
And she 's fucked in the head .
Ricky : Conky .
Conky :
He needs a brain transplant .
Ricky : ( grasps Conky by his throat ) I 'm serious , you better fuck off .
Julian : ( moves Ricky 's hand away from Conky ) Rick , Rick , Rick , Rick , Rick .
Ricky :
You 've been fucking with me all goddamn day here .
Nurse : Washington hold wide .
Please , Washington .
Sir , let 's all just calm down .
Julian : I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry .
Ricky :
You want a piece of me , you little dick ?
Huh ?
Julian : Ricky .
Conky :
Do n't you touch me .
Ricky : ( punches Conky in the face )
Stop fucking looking at me , Conky Nurse :
What is the gentleman 's first name ?
Julian : Bubbles .
Ricky : Fucking dick .
Nurse :
And what is his last name ?
Julian : Uh ... just Bubbles .
Ricky :
Get the fuck away from me , Conky .
Get the fuck away from me .
Nurse : Okay .
And you gentlemen all live at the same civic address ?
Julian : ( Points to Bubbles )
He lives in my shed .
( Points to Ricky )
Ricky lives in his car .
Nurse : Okay .
Any health card social insurance numbers ?
Is there any information you can give me ?
Ricky : I do have one last bit of information for ya .
( sticks up both middle fingers on both his hands , with the truck glued to his hand )
This is called a double whammy , which I only bring out for special occasions , alright ?
So why do n't you and your whole hospital fuck off , you wo n't help me .
It 's ' cause I live in a car ?
Is that what it is ?
[ the boys get apprehended by orderlies and are pulled from the nurse 's desk ]
Ricky : Fuck !
Holy fuck !
You guys can fuck off !
Julian : Guys , guys , guys , guys .
Ricky :
The fuck is this shit ?!
I live in a car , you wo n't fucking fix me up or help my friend ?
Conky : Nice going , Ricky .
Ricky :
Fuck you , Conky .
( the orderlies throw the boys out of the hospital ) Ricky : Fuck !
Orderly : Crazy octo-eyed motherfuckers .
Conky : Fuck off , Washington .
( to Ricky and Julian )
Are you happy now , Julian ?
Bubbles is gonna go into a coma and die probably , ya idiots !
Bubbles : Conky , please , just do n't taunt .
Julian : Bubs , Bubs , do n't worry about it .
I 'll get that tooth out somehow , alright ?
Ricky : ( pissing on the side of the hospital )
Who can go fuck whose self ?
No , you fuck off , you little fucker !
Julian : Rick , who the hell are you talking to ?
Ricky : Fuckin ' squirrel on my shoulder just told me to fuck off .
Bubbles : Ricky , you 're hallucinating !
Julian : ( pulls Ricky away from the wall )
Listen , get a hold of yourself , Ricky .
Ricky , you just pissed on me !
Ricky :
Well , you pulled me away !
Julian : Listen , just pretend you 're on mushrooms , all right ?
Just go with it .
Come on , let 's go .
[ while waiting in the car for Ricky and Julian to get back ]
Conky :
Well , well , well !
What do we have here ?
Jim Lahey 's car is at the vet !
Bubbles : What 's Lahey doin ' here ?
Conky :
Why do n't you go find out , Bubbles ?
Or are you too scared ?
Bubbles : Conky , you better fuck off , I 'm tellin ' ya !
Conky : Fuck off ?
You just remember I call the shots here , Bubbles .
You got it ?
Bubbles : Yes , Conky .
Conky : Good .
[ at Sam Losco Veterinary Services ]
Conky :
Why do n't you just off shoot your gun some more , very recklessly like .
Idiot !
Ricky :
Did you just call me an idiot , Conky , huh ?
Conky : Maybe I did .
Reveeeeeen !
Ricky :
All right , Reveen is taking it a little too far , all right ?
You little fucker .
Conky : ( singing )
He 's the fuckin ' man they call .
Julian : Do n't say it , Bubbles .
Conky : Reveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen !
Ricky :
That 's it .
I have fuckin ' had it with you .
( whips out his gun and points it in the puppet 's face ) Julian : Ricky , you 're pointing a loaded handgun at a puppet .
Ricky : Yes I am .
Julian : Behind the puppet is our friend .
The bullet will go through the doll and kill Bubbles .
Give me the gun .
Ricky : I gotta kill this puppet , Julian .
Julian : Ricky , give me the gun .
Give it to me .
( Julian manages to get the gun out of Ricky 's hand )
Conky :
Oh , those were excellent negotiation tactics you used .
Patrick .
Swayze .
Julian :
That 's not funny , Bubbles .
Conky : ( singing )
Oh my Julian , my handsome Julian Patrick Swayze , ( Julian pushes Conky away from Bubbles ' face ) you were so fuckin ' sexy in Road House and fuckin ' dirty dancin ' .
( Julian raises the gun and shoots Conky in the face , blowing his head apart , but avoiding Bubbles ) Bubbles : Oh my God !
Julian , what happened ?
Julian : ( hugs Bubbles )
Sorry buddy , you were going crazy on us , man .
Sam : Smoking much dope lately , boys ?
You guys are fucked .
[ at Conky 's " funeral " at the swamp ]
Julian :
All right boys , let 's dump him in .
Bubbles :
Wait , could I at least keep his glasses and his little sweater ?
Ricky :
No way , bad idea , Bubbles .
Julian : Come on , Bubs , let 's go .
Ricky : ( tossing Conky in his " coffin " into the swamp )
Fuck you , Conky .
If You Love Something , Set It Free [ edit ]
[ while searching for the " samsquamtch " that 's been destroying their weed field ]
Ricky : Bubbles , hold the binoculars .
If this thing 's down there , Julian , I want you to shoot him , then I 'm gonna jump on top of the cocksucker with a net and we 're gonna have to beat him with everything we fuckin ' got .
[ Ricky turns his attention to the camera crew ]
Ricky : I could need some help from you dicks , alright ?
[ Ricky grabs the microphone boom and brings the mic close to his face ]
Ricky :
You hear that there , Mr. Microphone Man ?
If we get this thing down in the net , you fuckin ' jump in and help us !
[ Ricky pushes the boom away from himself , causing the sound man to drop the boom ]
Ricky : Fuckin ' idiot .
Crew Member : Fuck off , Rick !
Ricky : Do n't tell me to fuck off .
Thing attacks you , I 'm not even gonna jump in .
[ Bubbles falls down while walking down a trail ]
Bubbles : Boys , I slipped in poop !
Bigfoot poop !
[ Bubbles tries to catch a look at the bottom of his shoes ]
Bubbles : Do I got Bigfoot poop on me ?
[ as they find the mountain lion that 's been eating their weed ]
Julian :
Holy shit , boys , do n't move !
So that 's who 's been eating our weed .
Ricky :
You little fucker .
OK , you guys stay here .
I 'm gonna throw the net on him , put him in a headlock , and choke him out .
Bubbles : Ricky , put the net down .
You 're not fuckin ' choking him out .
Ricky : Why ?
Bubbles :
He 's just a big kitty , boys .
I can deal with this , I know kitties .
Ricky :
What if he has raid ease ?
Bubbles : Ricky , it 's rabies , with a B , not raid ease .
And he does n't have rabies .
He 's been eating weed for a fuckin ' month !
He 's baked out of his goddamn mind , I can tell just the way he 's standing there .
He only did that to Trevor because he had that leopard - print jacket on .
See , he 's just a big , stoned , horny kitty with the munchies !
Trevor was eating chips , too !
( pets the mountain lion )
Who 's a good boy ?
Bubbles :
You look kind of French with your little mustache , there .
I 'm gonna call you Steve French !
That 's a good name for you .
Julian : Bubbles , Bubbles , listen to me .
This is n't a helpless little kitty .
This is a dangerous fucking kitty .
You know he 's gotta go right ?
Remember the saying : if you love something set it free ?
Bubbles : I know , I know .
If it comes back , it 's yours .
If it does n't , it never was .
I 've heard it a thousand times .
But he needs our help right now , and the best thing to do is to get some weed in the fajitas , now let 's do it .
Ricky :
This is all I got left .
I 'm telling you right now , I 'll give him some , but ...
I 'm eating half those fajitas .
You hear me there ' Steve , ' or whatever the fuck your name is ?
Bubbles : Steve French .
Bubbles : Julian , we found him !
Julian :
Well , lock him in your shed , Bubbles .
Bubbles :
He was down fucking around with Donny 's garbage , then he pooped on the hood of Mrs. Peterson 's car !
Jim :
We know there 's a fuckin ' animal in here , Ricky .
The tracks lead right to shit town .
What the fuck 's goin ' on ?
Ricky :
What the hell are you talking about , Lahey , you idiot ... ( throws Lahey 's bow over the fence ) Look , this is none of your fuckin ' business .
You know what ?
We all know what 's going on here anyway .
You 're trying to fill my feet .
Guess what , Lahey ?
You will never , ever be the fuckin ' trailer park supervisor I was .
Got that ?
( lights a cigarette ) You 're fuckin ' losin ' it , bud .
Jim :
You know what , Ricky ?
You already lost it .
It 's gone , bud .
Whatever it is , whatever you are , gone .
He who looks into the abyss realizes that there 's nothin ' looking back at him and the only thing he sees is his own character , Ricky .
You understand , bud ?
The abyss ?
The shit abyss ?
Randy : Means deep stuff , Ricky .
You would n't understand .
Ricky :
What does it mean then , Randy ?
Huh ?
Fuck does it mean ?
Randy : I understand it .
Ricky :
Oh , you do , do you ?
No you do n't , because it 's fucked .
' Cause everything you assholes say , you fuckin ' take from books .
Guess what ?
I do n't steal anything from books .
You guys , get the fuck outta here !
( pushes Lahey into the car )
Get the fuck outta here , I 'm serious !
( throws a net on Randy )
And take your little net with you !
( pushes Randy into the car ) Randy : Frig off , Ricky !
Ricky :
Oh , we caught a little animal , there 's a big fuckin ' animal in the trailer park !
Fuckin ' dicks .
Get the fuck outta here !
( slams the car door )
Bubbles :
Shit abyss , I 'm not a - scared of a fuckin ' shit abyss .
Lahey 's fucked .
Julian : Yeah , well , if Lahey sees Steve French and calls the Department of Lands and Forests , we 're fucked , boys .
Ricky : What the fuck would the Department of Lands and Forests do ?
Julian : Did you see the tattoo under Steve French 's ear ?
Ricky : No. Julian :
Well , there 's one there and they use it for tracking , Rick .
They 'll be able to track him right back to our dope field .
Cops , jail .
Fuck jail .
I 'm not going back to jail , Ricky .
Not gonna happen , man .
Ricky : Julian , do n't be dissing jail , man .
We 've had some good fucking parties in there .
We have good friends in there .
They fed you , you use their gym .
Come on , do n't be dissing jail .
It 's not fucking cool .
[ the mountain lion chases Trevor into Lahey and Randy 's camper ] Jim : Trevor , what the hell are you doing in our trailer ?
( Lahey watches as the lion follows Trevor into the camper ) Oh , shit !
Trevor !
Randy : Stop , drop , and roll , Trevor !
Jim :
That 's for fire , Randy !
Lucy : Ricky , get this cat outta here or I 'm pressing charges .
There are kids that live here , for God 's sake .
You know , children , family ?
Ricky : I know what fuckin ' kids are , Lucy .
And I 'm a hell of a lot better father than you 'll ever fuckin ' be .
Lucy :
You have no idea how stupid you are , do you ?
Ricky : Actually , yes I do .
Propane , Propane [ edit ]
Jim : Randy just does n't understand .
I mean , I love him dearly , but I hate Ricky more .
I just do n't wanna put up with that prick for the rest of my life .
You know , he grew up as a little shit spark from the ol ' shit flint and then he turned into a shit bonfire and driven by the winds of his monumental ignorance , he turned into a raging shit firestorm .
If I get to be married to Barb , I 'll have total control of Sunnyvale and then I can unleash a shit nom E tidal wave that will engulf Ricky and extinguish his shit flames forever .
And with any luck , he 'll drown in the under shit of that wave .
Shit waves .
( Takes a sip of his rum )
Working Man [ edit ]
Jim : Tick - tock , tick - tock .
Shit clock 's tickin ' , Rick !
Rita McNeil : * singing " Working Man "
' Million - Fold Violation of the Private Sphere ' German Minister Takes on Google Street View
Many in Berlin have long viewed Google 's Street View service with some suspicion .
Now , Consumer Protection Minister Ilse Aigner has called for better privacy laws .
She says that even intelligence agencies would n't " collect photos so unabashedly . "
It seems the gadget world has gone crazy clock crazy !
Here at Gadget Freaks we are constantly fascinated at the wierd and wonderful array of gadgety clocks coming out of late !
This Bulbdial concept clock is a combination of lamps and sundials .
Using the ancient sundial principle it uses electricity and shadows to great effect to display the time in a unique way .
Developed by Ironic sans this design has one drawback in that it wo n’t work in direct sunlight .
Guess that ’s why it ’s called a Bulbdial !
This cool clock projects the clock face onto a wall or other surface .
With a range up to 7 metres it has a funky , junky , 1930 ’s sci - fi look about it !
Tiltable to 45 degrees and with manual focus this kooky design makes a great bedside gadget .
You wo n’t even have to move to see you are late for work !
Another cool trend in clocks is the retro gear style model inspired by Steampunk .
There are a whole bunch of these around , some better than others , but cool nonetheless !
With a metallic look and exposed gears these clocks are great for educating youngsters about simple mechanics and give a neat feel to your living room .
This rectangular wall clock is an awesome design combining industrial chic with functionality .
Gotta love the big second hand .
Editor 's note :
The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York .
VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network .
The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process .
We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers .
Viewer discretion advised .
London , England ( VBS.TV ) --
In previous episodes of The Vice Guide to Travel , we road - tripped through North Korea , shopped for dirty bombs in Bulgaria , and hunted mutant wild boars in Chernobyl .
Little did we know that all of our harrowing journeys would leave us only semi-prepared for a recent trip to war - ravaged , godforsaken Liberia .
Since 1989 , a series of brutal civil wars -- primarily fought by drug- addicted , prepubescent orphans -- has rendered Liberia one of the most dangerous countries in the world .
Everyone has heard the stories of abject poverty , ubiquitous substance abuse and wanton violence taking place there , but we do n't really believe anything that we do n't see for ourselves .
So , stomachs firmly knotted , off we went .
We arrived in Liberia with a small crew of three and quickly rendezvoused with a local journalist who would be our fixer and guide .
Our first shooting location was the West Point slum , home to 80,000 people living in conditions that redefine squalor .
Miles of rotting garbage surround the slum , which has no sewage system .
Pretty much everyone -- even the local government officials -- defecates and urinates in the open .
Drugs , prostitution and armed robbery are the main industries .
We got to know some of the residents of West Point , who told us their stories as they smoked heroin and cocaine and begged us for money .
Next we visited a local brothel .
The women who lived there talked with us about the U.N. soldiers who have sex with the child prostitutes and beat the older women , and then leave without paying .
Watch episode 2 from the Vice Guide to Liberia on VBS.TV
But perhaps the most revelatory portions of our trip to Liberia came from meeting the major warlords of the nation 's civil wars .
There 's a tradition in Liberian militias of taking on extravagant noms de guerre .
Hence , our subjects were named General Bin Laden , General Rambo and General Butt Naked .
The latter , in particular , was one of the most notorious Liberian warlords .
He claims to have personally killed 20,000 people including babies , and to have sometimes cannibalized his victims .
Today , General Butt Naked goes by his birth name , which is Joshua .
During our time together , he told us that Liberia will surely implode into civil war again when the U.N. leaves next year .
But in the meantime , Joshua wants to redeem himself .
He offered us a glimpse of the Liberia that he wants to forge , and we found ourselves growing to like him .
He took us to his church , where he rehabilitates child soldiers .
We watched as he preached his way through Monrovia on a Sunday .
Is there a chance that his mission will succeed , and further civil war can be averted in this desperate country ?
That 's one of the many questions that we came away with upon our safe return from Liberia .
Watch our documentary about our time there and see what you think .
Miss Wadsworth worked at Lloyds TSB in Golders Green
A bank manager has been found not guilty of stealing nearly £ 1 m from her north London branch over five years .
Ania Wadsworth , 28 , from Archway , north London , had been accused of stealing £ 921,717 from Lloyds TSB in Golders Green between 2002 and 2007 .
She admitted taking £ 870,000 but said she did it under duress from her former boyfriend Keith " Junior " Preddie .
Preddie , 30 , from Romford , Essex , was found guilty at the Old Bailey of laundering £ 145,370 .
Cash bundles
The court heard that Miss Wadsworth had been in a relationship with Preddie since she was 16 .
She said she lived in fear of violence from Preddie , who was addicted to crack cocaine , and believed he would kill her or her family if she did not bring cash home for him .
A domestic abuse expert said Miss Wadsworth showed signs of battered woman syndrome and " learned helplessness " .
The court heard that Miss Wadsworth would walk out of the bank with bundles of £ 25,000 , stolen while she was loading cash machines .
But none of the missing money was traced to her and she had been living modestly .
If I came home without ( the money ) , I would get hurt .
I would die
Ania Wadsworth Miss Wadsworth's own bank accounts were frequently overdrawn and she had taken out two £ 7,000 loans from the bank .
In contrast Preddie made little attempt to hide the money he got from Miss Wadsworth .
He put £ 145,370 of it into his bank accounts , bought two BMWs , a motorcycle and gold jewellery , and replaced his bathroom and kitchen .
Preddie also went on holiday to Australia , New York , Jamaica and the Dominican Republic and spent at least £ 20,000 on trying to set up a music business .
Defending , Christopher Sallon QC said Preddie had used her " like a cash cow " .
' Sense of relief ' Miss Wadsworth said : " If I came home without ( the money ) , I would get hurt .
I would die .
" He would beat me up and if I did n't bring it , that would be an end of it . "
Miss Wadsworth said she " felt a sense of relief " when she was arrested coming off a plane from Trinidad at Gatwick Airport in March 2007 .
She was found out during a nationwide audit while she was on holiday .
Preddie was remanded in custody until 5 March for pre-sentence reports .
Outside court , Det Sgt Suzanne Ferris said : " We found no evidence in her finances to show she had any gain . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNET ) -- Facebook this week was awarded a patent pertaining to streaming " feed " technology -- more specifically , " dynamically providing a news feed about a user of a social network , " complementing another patent filing that has been published but not yet approved .
The implications for this , as AllFacebook.com pointed out earlier on Thursday , are far - flung : Facebook may choose to pursue action against other social - media sites that potentially violate this patent .
Twitter , as All Facebook points out , is effectively one giant news feed , to the extent that it clearly has influenced some of the changes that Facebook made to its own feed technology .
That reaction could be alarmist .
And yet prominent figures elsewhere in the social - media world do n't seem thrilled .
" There goes the neighborhood , " quipped Chris Messina , an open - standards advocate who recently joined Google as a member of its new Social Web Team , on Twitter .
" Can I start screaming loudly about patent reform now ? " tweeted Matt Galligan , who founded a streaming - feeds start - up called Socialthing and eventually sold it to AOL .
Indeed , technologies that now may be technically encompassed by Facebook 's patent are so widespread on the Web that they 're more or less inextricable from the basic tenets of social media .
We 'll probably be hearing more about this patent and how it changes the industry before long .
How times do change :
When the " news feed " first launched in the fall of 2006 , members revolted in one of the first instances of large - scale Facebook user outrage .
They denounced it as " stalkerish " and disapproved of what they saw as a lack of privacy controls .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ultimately posted an apology note to the company blog in response .
© 2010 CBS Interactive Inc .
All rights reserved .
CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc .
Used by permission .
Sister Carol Keehan :
The president of the Catholic Health Association , which represents hundreds of Catholic hospitals nationwide , said her group supports the highly - debated Senate health care reform bill .
Politics Daily reports that the CHA 's decision puts it at odds with other Catholic organizations , but Keehan says she thinks that the benefits of the legislation are too important to be impeded by the battle over abortion language , which she feels can eventually be negotiated successfully .
Politics Daily : Catholic health group accepts abortion language in reform bill
Mark A. Skoda :
The chairman of the Memphis Tea Party helped organize " Take The Town Halls To Washington , " which has brought Tea Party activists to Washington , D.C. , today to question and review the positions of approximately 50 House Democrats .
On the organizers '
Web site , Skoda says the activists are visiting Washington to discover the yet - unannounced health care positions of this targeted group of lawmakers .
Take the town halls to D.C. Web site
Father Gabriele Amorth : The Vatican 's chief exorcist for 25 years says the recent sex abuse scandals in the Roman Catholic Church confirm that " the Devil is at work " inside the Vatican .
The Times newspaper of London reports that Amorth , 85 , has handled some 70,000 cases of demonic possession , and says the Vatican is now dealing with " cardinals who do not believe in Jesus , and bishops who are linked to the Demon . "
Times Online : Chief exorcist says Devil is in the Vatican
Unnamed Colorado couple : A couple whose children were expelled from a Catholic school in Boulder , Colorado , expressed their dismay Monday , but held steadfast to their faith .
The Archdiocese of Denver recently defended its decision not to re-enroll the couple 's two children in the Sacred Heart of Jesus School next year because their parents are lesbians .
In a written statement , the women , who chose not to reveal their identities , described themselves as normal , hard - working people with a nice house and a dog - and as Catholics .
" When we were allowed to have our children baptized ... we made a promise to raise our children in the Catholic faith , " they said .
" Perhaps our biggest objection to the school 's decision is that we think that it is wrong to punish a child for who the child 's parents are .
We do not think that this reflects what Jesus would have done . "
CNN : Lesbian parents of expelled kids defend their Catholic faith
Yochai Benkler : The Federal Communications Commission turned to the legal scholar , Harvard professor and expert on our networked society to study how people around the world connect to the Internet .
National Public Radio reports that the FCC , which is scheduled to release its national broadband plan today , got Benkler 's study and basically said , " Thanks , but no thanks . "
Benkler found that other countries are ahead of the U.S. due to competition among different companies .
NPR : Will the national broadband plan come up short ?
One of the biggest and oldest surveys in America will hit mailboxes this week , and its results will inform countless decisions , from how federal funds are divvied up to how advertisers analyze their target audiences .
It ’s available in six languages , and anyone who does n’t participate may be slapped with a fine , per federal law .
Say hello to Census 2010 .
Every 10 years , the government sends out its questionnaire to track US population and determine how to apportion seats in the House of Representatives .
This year , the government lined up a savvy $ 130 million campaign – complete with Super Bowl and Winter Olympics ads , a census - sponsored NASCAR race car , and a nationwide road tour – to encourage people to mail back their census forms .
If every household mails back its form ( more than 120 million have been mailed out ) , the government could save $ 1.5 billion in follow - up visits .
To save the government – and yourself – some dough , read on for more tips and trivia about the 2010 Census .
• 10 questions in 10 minutes .
One of the shortest census questionnaires in history , the 2010 Census has only 10 questions , which should take 10 minutes to fill out , according to the Census Bureau .
Among the questions asked : whether a resident owns or rents , as well as information about each household member , including name , sex , age , race , and relationship to the person filling out the form .
• To include or not to include ?
The census asks how many people live or sleep in a given household as of April 1 .
Respondents should include babies born on or before April 1 , 2010 , as well as non-US citizens .
College students who live away from home and military personnel should not be counted on household surveys .
Divorced parents who share custody of a child should indicate where a child usually lives .
Residents who need help filling out the form can do so at a questionnaire assistance center .
Locations are available online .
• $ 400 billion and 435 seats in the US House of Representative .
Census data determine how more than $ 400 billion in federal money is distributed , for everything from roads and schools to healthcare and child - care centers .
It also determines how many lawmakers each state will have in the US House of Representatives .
• It ’s in the Constitution .
Article I , Section 2 , to be exact .
It specifies that congressional seats will be distributed proportionately among states on the basis of a census to be conducted every 10 years .
Federal law penalizes those who do n’t fill out a form ( $ 100 fine ) or who provide false information ( $ 500 fine ) .
• Americans have been counted since 1790 .
The 2010 Census is the 23rd head count in US history .
The first was conducted on Monday , Aug. 2 , 1790 .
Population ?
3.9 million .
This year ’s official Census Day is April 1 .
Expected population ?
309 million .
• Who ’s filling it out – and who is n’t .
The Census Bureau predicts that two - thirds of US households will fill out and mail back the 2010 Census .
Among those least likely to return forms are illegal immigrants , Hispanics , young adults , city dwellers , and residents displaced by foreclosures .
Homeless people may not be left out , however : Census takers will canvass city streets in an attempt to include them .
• Which states get the most federal dollars ?
Rural areas and places with a large poor population tend to benefit most from an accurate census because the largest state program that relies on federal census statistics is Medicaid , the government healthcare program for low - income individuals .
According to an analysis by the Brookings Institution , the places that received the most census - based federal dollars per capita were the District of Columbia , Vermont , Alaska , New York , and Massachusetts .
• Which states might get cheated ?
In 2000 , Florida , Georgia , Nevada , Arizona , Texas , and North Carolina each had below - average mail participation rates .
Since then , they ’ve also seen higher rates of foreclosures and rapid growth of Hispanics and blacks – groups that are less likely to return their forms .
If responses are low this year , these states could be cheated of federal dollars and congressional seats .
If not , they stand to gain at least one House seat each .
• Census 2010 by the numbers : 360 million , 29 miles , 11.6 million pounds .
That is the total number of questionnaires printed ( 360 million ) , how high they would stand stacked in a pile ( 29 miles high – more than five times higher than Mt. Everest ) , and the collective weight of the paper that the questionnaires were printed on ( 11.6 million pounds ) .
If stretched end to end , the questionnaires would circle the globe three times .
• $ 0.42 versus $ 56 .
This is how much it costs the government if residents mail back their census form ( 42 cents each ) , compared with the estimated cost of obtaining a household ’s census response in person if a household fails to mail back the form .
The ceiling of the chapel is festooned with hammocks and plastic bottles
By Mark Doyle
BBC News , Haiti
When I first entered the chapel of worship inside Haiti's main national penitentiary - or central jail - I found it difficult to make sense of the sight before me .
The ceiling was inexplicably festooned with plastic bags and scraps of cloth .
I had obtained access to the prison to investigate the aftermath of the mass jailbreak that occurred during the devastating earthquake that hit Haiti on 12 January .
More than 4,000 prisoners broke out of the central prison when the walls cracked and the prison guards fled to their homes to see if their families were alive .
About 1,000 more fled from regional jails which suffered a similar fate .
" It 's certainly one of the largest prison escapes of recent history , " said Paul Biddle , a former UK prison officer now advising the British government 's Department for International Development on how to help rebuild Haiti 's jails .
Only parts of Haiti's National Penitentiary are still standing " In my experience of over 30 years there has never been an escape of this magnitude . "
Mr Biddle has also worked in jails in Afghanistan , Iraq and the Palestinian territories .
In the chapel , my eyes were slowly getting used to the gloom and it dawned on me that this former place of worship had in fact been a grossly overcrowded communal cell .
Hanging from the ceiling on lengths of string were hundreds of grubby plastic bags and water containers .
The floor was knee deep in filthy mattresses and rags .
But as I looked up to the ceiling again I saw that , competing for space with the plastic bags , were foul - smelling hammocks .
Then a prison officer told me how many men had been held in this chapel - turned - cell roughly the size of a tennis court - and it all began to make sense to me .
" Three hundred and eighty - six in the chapel , " the prison officer said .
The overcrowding was clearly so inhuman that the prisoners did not have enough room to exist on the floor .
So some had slept in hammocks suspended from the ceiling .
Deadly scramble
There were no toilets that I could see there .
So I can only assume that the plastic containers hanging on string were to keep the dank drinking water they contained from the sewage at ground level .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
No wonder that when the earthquake hit , the men smashed and scrambled their way out .
Even a broken city in mass trauma was better than incarceration here .
In the corner of a nearby courtyard some of the escapees had strung together the classic comic - book - style rope made of bed sheets to make their way to a parapet wall .
But there was nothing comical about the scene .
On the concrete floor - among the rags , the abandoned Bibles and the strewn playing cards - were the stains left by the bodily fluids of four men who died in the chaos .
Their bodies had putrefied and burst in the heat before the Red Cross came to take them away .
They may have been killed by masonry falling from the crumbling walls or they may have had a fight .
We will probably never know .
Several pairs of plastic slippers lay abandoned on the stained concrete floor .
The Haitian authorities have recaptured only 200 of the 5,000 prisoners who escaped .
But they are pleased that they have at least made a start .
They are holding the 200 in a corner of the central prison relatively undamaged by the earthquake .
I toured the jail with Frantz Charles Dehonnet , deputy director of Haiti 's penitentiary services .
" We had to re-establish part of the prison to give the police confidence that they have somewhere to put people they have arrested , " he said .
Frantz Charles Dehonnet ( r ) says the jail reassures the people of Haiti " We also want to give the people the reassurance that the system of justice is being re-built , because as soon as the jailbreak occurred there was an upsurge in criminality and fear .
We want to tell the people we are rebuilding justice . "
Unfortunately , Mr Dehonnet - who appeared to be a frank and intelligent man - left the prison for another meeting before I had understood the conditions of incarceration in the chapel .
Questions to the Haitian authorities about this outrage will have to wait for another day .
But I left the national penitentiary with two impressions .
The first was the nightmarish chaos and violence that must have ensued when a massive earthquake hits a large jail .
The second impression was of the dreadful conditions that the inmates - many of whom were on remand , not having been properly convicted of any crime - endured before the quake .
Haiti's prison service has been offered help to rebuild and manage its jails from experts at the International Committee of the Red Cross , and from Canada and Britain .
The earthquake has left a legacy of fear and thousands of alleged criminals on the loose .
But what I saw in the central prison of conditions before the quake hit showed that the entire system of justice and the entire philosophy of rehabilitation of offenders needs rebuilding .
Justice needs strong walls that can withstand an earthquake .
But Haiti has a lot more to fix than that .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ONE of the favourites for this weekend 's formula one grand prix , Britain 's Lewis Hamilton , is expected to be charged with improper use of a motor vehicle after being accused of doing burnouts in St Kilda .
Police sources would only confirm that a 25 - year - old British citizen and resident of Switzerland would be charged on summons after an incident at 9.15 pm .
They said a 2010 silver Mercedes sedan had been impounded after a person entered Fitzroy Street from Lakeside Drive and proceeded to do burnouts .
It is not the first time Hamilton has had a Mercedes impounded .
Less than three years ago , his car was impounded in France after he was caught speeding at 196 km /h on a French motorway .
Race organisers appeared unaware of the incident last night , with corporate chairman Ron Walker saying he knew nothing about it .
What is wrong with the Texas process , according to many observers , is illustrated by the fate of Bill Martin Jr .
The board has the power to accept , reject or rewrite the TEKS , and over the past few years , in language arts , science and now social studies , the members have done all of the above .
Yet few of these elected overseers are trained in the fields they are reviewing .
“ In general , the board members do n’t know anything at all about content , ” Tom Barber , the textbook executive , says .
Kathy Miller , the watchdog , who has been monitoring the board for 15 years , says , referring to Don McLeroy and another board member :
“ It is the most crazy - making thing to sit there and watch a dentist and an insurance salesman rewrite curriculum standards in science and history .
Last year , Don McLeroy believed he was smarter than the National Academy of Sciences , and he now believes he ’s smarter than professors of American history . ”
In this case , one board member sent an e-mail message with a reference to “ Ethical Marxism , ” by Bill Martin , to another board member , who suggested that anyone who wrote a book with such a title did not belong in the TEKS .
As it turned out , Bill Martin and Bill Martin Jr. are two different people .
But by that time , the author of “ Brown Bear , Brown Bear ” was out .
“ That ’s a perfect example of these people ’s lack of knowledge , ” Miller says .
“ They ’re coming forward with hundreds of amendments at the last minute .
Don McLeroy had a four - inch stack of amendments , and they all just voted on them , whether or not they actually knew the content .
What we witnessed in January was a textbook example of how not to develop textbook standards . ”
Before the January board meeting , one of the social - studies curriculum writers , Judy Brodigan , told me that she was very pleased with the guidelines her team produced .
After the meeting , with its 10 - hour marathon of amendments by board members , she spoke very differently .
“ I think they took a very , very good document and weakened it , ” she said .
“ The teachers take their work seriously .
I do believe there are board members on the ultraright who have an agenda .
They want to make our standards very conservative and fit their viewpoint .
Our job is not to take a viewpoint .
It ’s to present sides fairly .
I thought we had done that . ”
Regarding religion , the writing teams had included in their guidelines some of the recommendations of the experts appointed by the Christian bloc but had chosen to ignore most .
I was led to expect that the January meeting would see a torrent of religion amendments , in which Don McLeroy would reinsert items that the team failed to include , just as he did with other subjects in the past .
Last November , over dinner at a Tex - Mex restaurant across the street from the Texas A&M campus , McLeroy vowed to do so , saying , “ I ’ll get the details in there . ”
At that time , he and others were full of information and bravado as they pushed toward the “ Christian nation ” goal .
But at the January meeting , while there were many conservative political amendments , there were only a few religion amendments .
When I talked to him afterward , he shrugged it off in an uncharacteristically vague way .
“ We ’re basically happy with things , ” he said .
It ’s possible a wave of religion amendments will come in the next meeting , in March , when American government will still be among the subjects under review .
But the change of tone could signal a shift in strategy .
“ It could be that they feel they ’ve already got enough code words sprinkled throughout the guidelines , ” Kathy Miller says .
The laws of Nature and Nature ’s God. Moses and the Bible “ informing ” the American founding .
“ The Glory of God and advancement of the Christian Faith ” as America ’s original purpose .
“ We ’ve seen in the past how one word here or there in the curriculum standards gets seized upon by the far - right members at adoption time , ” Miller says .
“ In the science debate , the words ‘ intelligent design ’ did not appear , but they used ‘ strengths and weaknesses ’ as an excuse to pitch a battle .
The phrase became a wedge to try to weaken the theory of evolution , to suggest that scientists had serious problems with it .
We ’ve seen the board use these tiny fragments to wage war on publishers . ”
This squares with what Tom Barber , the textbook executive , told me : that in the next stage in the Texas process , general guidelines are chiseled into fact - size chunks in crisp columns of print via backroom cajoling .
“ The process of reviewing the guidelines in Texas is very open , but what happens behind the scenes after that is quite different , ” Barber says .
“ McLeroy is kind of the spokesman for the social conservatives , and publishers will work with him throughout .
The publishers just want to make sure they get their books listed . ”
To give an illustration simultaneously of the power of ideology and Texas ’ influence , Barber told me that when he led the social - studies division at Prentice Hall , one conservative member of the board told him that the 12th - grade book , “ Magruder ’s American Government , ” would not be approved because it repeatedly referred to the U.S. Constitution as a “ living ” document .
“ That book is probably the most famous textbook in American history , ” Barber says .
“ It ’s been around since World War I , is updated every year and it had invented the term ‘ living Constitution , ’ which has been there since the 1950s .
But the social conservatives did n’t like its sense of flexibility .
They insisted at the last minute that the wording change to ‘ enduring . ’ ” Prentice Hall agreed to the change , and ever since the book — which Barber estimates controlled 60 or 65 percent of the market nationally — calls it the “ enduring Constitution . ”
Last fall , McLeroy was frank in talking about how he applies direct pressure to textbook companies .
In the language - arts re-evaluation , the members of the Christian bloc wanted books to include classic myths and fables rather than newly written stories whose messages they did n’t agree with .
They did n’t get what they wanted from the writing teams , so they did an end run around them once the public battles were over .
“ I met with all the publishers , ” McLeroy said .
“ We went out for Mexican food .
I told them this is what we want .
We want stories with morals , not P.C. stories . ”
He then showed me an e-mail message from an executive at Pearson , a major educational publisher , indicating the results of his effort : “ Hi Don .
Thanks for the impact that you have had on the development of Pearson ’s Scott Foresman Reading Street series .
Attached is a list of some of the Fairy Tales and Fables that we included in the series . ”
Scientists have extracted DNA from a bone discovered in Siberia that almost certainly belongs to a new kind of human – one that may have lived as recently as 30,000 years ago .
Will this transform our views of human evolution ?
From nothing more than a piece of bone from a child 's little finger , the human family tree has gained another member , one who lived alongside modern humans perhaps as recently as 30,000 years ago .
Yesterday 's revelation , that scientists in Germany had discovered – to their amazement – that the bone recovered from a cave in the mountains of southern Siberia almost certainly belonged to a new species of human , has sent ripples of excitement through academic circles .
For the first time , the analysis of ancient DNA has rewritten the human story .
Some 30,000 years ago , human life was far richer than we could have imagined .
Until recently , palaeontologists ' view of human evolution was desperately lacking .
Ask them to paint a picture of human existence 40,000 years ago , say , and they would mention modern humans , Homo sapiens , occupying vast territories .
The only other hominid ( a human or close relative ) in existence back then , Homo neanderthalensis , was eking out a life alongside us modern humans , but its populations were in terminal decline .
Then the Neanderthals became extinct around 25,000 years ago .
That much was agreed upon .
Things changed in 2003 .
Field researchers working in caves on the Indonesian island of Flores uncovered remains of a diminutive human relative that lived at least 13,000 years ago .
The Flores " hobbits " grew to be a metre tall as adults and could be traced back to Homo erectus , the forerunner of modern humans that left Africa 1.9 m years ago .
The hobbits ' size is thought to be a direct result of their isolation .
Then there is the latest discovery , with which the number of early human species , or hominids , living 30,000 years ago has risen to four .
In the space of a decade , the size of the human family has doubled .
And it 's not just the cast list of the human evolution story that has had to be revised .
Excavations of fossilised human remains have now led scientists to talk of three great migrations out of Africa .
The first footprints leading off the continent were left by Homo erectus ( the ancestor we share with the Neanderthals , with those hobbits , and with this new species of human ) .
The next migration , around 450,000 years ago , was the Neanderthals .
Then , perhaps as recently as 60,000 years ago , the first modern humans left to populate Eurasia and beyond – the humans from whom all of us alive on earth today are descended .
The new species of human appears to fit in with none of these migrations out of Africa , and instead points to yet another great exodus , one that happened around 1 m years ago .
To some scientists , even this fairly complicated picture is beginning to feel over - simplistic .
" I do n't think we can be absolutely certain about anything now , " says Professor Terry Brown , an expert in ancient DNA at Manchester University .
What we do know is that the story starts in Africa , but that early humans then decided to leave .
" There 's no reason why a hominid should remain in Africa if the population increases , " says Brown .
" The natural thing for it to do is to move . "
The march out of the cradle of humanity may have been more of an ongoing wander , with early humans moving farther afield as and when they needed .
What 's also known is that with the exception of the hobbits of Flores , every human species is thought to have evolved before making its way out of Africa .
How we ended up with a number of different hominids is probably down to geography : species can split into two when groups of individuals become isolated from one another .
When they stop interbreeding , the genetic makeup of each group drifts and diverges .
They adapt differently to their habitats .
Eventually , the differences became so large they cannot reproduce even if they tried .
In Africa – a very big place – small groups of thousands likely occupied disparate territories , and many splits may have occurred .
Eventually , as the evolutionary clock ticked by , some Homo erectus embarked on a route that culminated in the Neanderthals .
Others went down the route that led to modern humans .
Still others , scientists now believe , became the new human species that left its little finger in a Siberian cave .
The most intriguing thing , perhaps , about this new discovery is its location .
The bone was uncovered in an area where the remains of humans and Neanderthals have all been found from around the same period in history .
Together , the evidence points to a time , between 30,000 and 40,000 years ago , when all three species were there .
Did they ever meet ?
Did they make out ?
Did they fight ?
And why was Homo sapiens the last human standing ?
Do we owe not only the Neanderthals but this new species a big apology ?
" It could have been that there was a period of occupation , where as one species moved out , another moved in .
Ten thousand years is a long , long time and it is possible they never actually met , " says Brown .
" The alternative is that they may have been having parties every Saturday night , all three of them , getting together and talking about the Neanderthals down the road . "
If they did live alongside one another , they need n't have been in constant conflict .
Related species of other animals – big cats for example – share territories , yet show their neighbours nothing but cool indifference .
Conflict is only likely when there is competition for the food , mates or shelter .
That said , the three human species probably all hunted large mammals , including woolly mammoths and woolly rhinos , the remains of which have been unearthed in the area .
So what is the fourth human to be called ?
In lieu of a formal name for the new species , Svante Pääbo and Johannes Krause at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig – who extracted and analysed the DNA from the finger bone – gave our latest ancient relative the nickname " X - woman " .
From the size of the finger bone , they suspect it belonged to a child aged between five and seven years old , but whether it was a boy or girl is unknown .
The nickname is a nod to the laboratory tests they used to identify the creature as something new to science : they examined DNA locked up in tiny organelles called mitochondria , which are passed down the maternal line only .
What genetic material the scientists have analysed so far points to an early human that shared a common ancestor with modern humans and the Neanderthals 1 m years ago .
( Modern humans and Neanderthals split from their own common ancestor 500,000 years ago . )
The work at the Leipzig lab is ongoing , however .
In the next few months , the team expects to have sequenced the creature 's full genome , a step that will do more than confirm whether it is a new species or not .
One of the perennial questions in human origins research – and one genetics is uniquely well - placed to answer – is whether co-existing human species mated with each other .
Detailed studies of several Neanderthal genomes by the same laboratory have found no compelling evidence that interbreeding happened between modern humans and Neanderthals .
But only further work will rule it out , or in , completely .
There is good reason to suspect , however , that , even if our ancient ancestors never got up close and personal with each other , we played a role in their demise .
The Neanderthals died out in Europe soon after the arrival of modern humans .
A coincidence ?
Some scientists put the blame on climate change , and suggest the Neanderthals – who were probably not so different from us , using tools , possibly talking to each other – were poorly equipped for the upheaval that ensued .
But the Neanderthals were hardy creatures and died during the middle of the last ice age , not during the major period of transition at the end .
More likely , say some scientists , was that Homo sapiens out - competed the Neanderthals for food and other crucial resources .
The discovery of this new human species , one that lived at the same time as modern humans and the Neanderthals , does nothing to make this uncertain picture any clearer .
Now there are two human species that died out , if not in our presence , then certainly in our proximity .
" That makes the whole argument more interesting and it is going to be the debate that is had over the next 10 years , " says Brown .
Casting an eye over the last 6 m years of human evolution , from the moment we split from a common ancestor with modern apes , to the rise of Homo sapiens , it is hard not to notice that scores of other early human species have come and gone : evolutionary experiments that failed .
And yet we prevailed .
Why should Homo sapiens be any different ?
Could we die out too at some point ?
Or are we destined to be just another branch on the tree , one that paves the way for the next , more evolved version of a human being ?
As for dying out , we are safer , perhaps , in being able to control our environment – to some extent at least .
As to us evolving into something different , some biologists believe that Homo sapiens has to all intents and purposes stopped evolving , or at least that the pace of our evolution has slowed .
That could leave us more vulnerable to new diseases or wild changes in the environment .
Then again , change could come in more dramatic fashion .
" If a global disaster wiped out much of the human race , leaving only a population of few hundred thousand , they would probably evolve into something very different to us , " says Brown .
A passing asteroid might thump into the planet and leave only isolated pockets of Homo sapiens , living in a habitat unrecognisable to the world today .
Some groups would inevitably die out , but those that survived would eventually carry on the human line under a new name .
But then there are no certainties here , and indeed the history of our understanding of human evolution shows us that whatever we believe now could be turned on its head within a matter of decades .
It used to be believed , assumed rather , that Neanderthals were our ancestors – the cave men that came before us .
Of course that turned out not to be true : they lived alongside us .
And now it turned out that these others , the fourth humans , did too .
The really good news is that against the backdrop of this more academic debate , against all this uncertainty , there now lies a realm of new opportunity and new understanding thanks to the potential of DNA analysis .
The discovery of X - woman marks a first in using genetics alone to identify what many palaeontologists believe must be a new human species .
But this is also one of the earliest attempts to look at ancient DNA from human remains .
The fossil record we have for humans is patchy and incomplete , but tiny fragments that have been labelled , over the course of many decades , as Homo sapiens , or Homo neanderthalensis , or Homo erectus , sit in museums and laboratories all over the world .
Are there fragments of bone from other unknown humans among them ?
" It could be that there is a whole load of human ancestors out there that we do n't know about yet , and I mean five , six , or seven types of human , " says Brown .
" Everything is wide open now . "
A court has ruled that a lesbian teenager ’s rights were violated when she was barred from wearing a tuxedo and taking her girlfriend to a school prom .
However , the Mississippi federal court would not force Constance McMillen ’s school to reinstate the cancelled event , saying that a private prom was to be open to all .
Ms McMillen , 18 , made headlines around the world for suing Itawamba Agricultural High School .
She and the America Civil Liberties Union accused it of violating her rights to expression .
After she decided to take legal action , the school cancelled the entire event and told parents to arrange a private prom .
Although the court did not force the school to reinstate the event , it said it was assured that a private prom arranged by parents would be open to all students , irrespective of sexual orientation .
The student was initially not invited to the parent - planned event .
The ACLU was denied a preliminary injunction forcing the school to hold the original prom as District Judge Glen H Davidson said it would confuse parents ’ plans for the private event .
He said he would hold a trial at a later date but any ruling was likely to come too late to force the school to hold the April 2nd event .
Ms McMillen and the ACLU can now amend her case to sue for damages .
Ms McMillen said in a statement yesterday : “ It feels really good that the court realised that the school was violating my rights and discriminating against me by cancelling the prom .
“ All I ever wanted was for my school to treat me and my girlfriend like any other couple that wants to go to prom .
Now we can all get back to things like picking out our prom night outfits and thinking about corsages . ”
The student said she plans to attend the private prom , but will also attend the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition ’s Second Chance Prom , to be held on Saturday May 8th in Tupelo .
The event is aimed at LGBT students , although it is open to all .
Previously , she said she had been blamed by other students for “ ruining ” their senior years .
She has kept her girlfriend out of the spotlight at the girl ’s parents ’ request .
Kristy Bennett , legal director of the ACLU of Mississippi , said : “ Today ’s ruling is n’t just a win for Constance and her girlfriend – it ’s a win for all the students at her school , and for all lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender students who just want to be able to be themselves at school without being treated unfairly .
“ Public schools ca n’t just stomp on students ’ free expression rights just because they do n’t want to deal with these students , and if schools do try to do that they ’ll be dealing with us . ”
What if Flash Were an Open Standard ?
Some good questions from Dave Winer regarding Apple , Adobe , and Flash :
What if Apple were trying to erase something that ’s not company - owned ?
Either a formal or de facto standard ?
Further , what if their alternative were something that was locked - down and owned by a company ?
Further , what if the company was Apple ?
I ’d say that ’d be a different ball of wax entirely .
It would depend , for one thing , on the specific open / de facto standard technology .
But as for open web standards , the evidence — actions and shipping code , not just words — strongly indicate that Apple is a major proponent of them .
Apple did n’t have to release WebKit as an open source project — they could have kept their extensions atop the LGPL - licensed WebCore private .
1
They ’ve re-written WebKit ’s JavaScript engine from scratch at least twice , and released it all as open source .
( Apple has also been aggressive about releasing its advanced non-web developer technology , like blocks and LLVM , as liberally - licensed open source . )
All of Apple ’s top competitors in the mobile space have either already adopted WebKit or soon will : Android , WebOS , even BlackBerry .
Members of Apple ’s WebKit team have been helping drive HTML5 since its inception .
In short , I ’d say Apple likes its technology open and its products closed .
E.g. , it makes all the difference in the world that Apple is pushing H.264 rather than , say , QuickTime as the way forward for embedded web video .
2
I do understand the fear .
It ’s indisputable that Apple seeks large amounts of control over its products .
So it ’s a reasonable question to ask whether Apple sees the web itself , which they have no control over , as a problem .
I do n’t think that ’s the case at all , though .
The web , as a whole , is arguably the single most entrenched computer technology ever created .
So where Apple seeks control with regard to the web is in the technology to render it — HTML , CSS , JavaScript .
No one can tell them what to do with WebKit ; they wait for no one to shape and bend WebKit to suit their needs .
My feeling is not that Apple seeks total control over all content and software in iPhone OS .
I ’d say it ’s more like they ’re providing two well - defined , nice , neat , easily - understood extremes : the totally controlled native Cocoa Touch , and the totally open web .
Winer ends with a suggestion for Adobe :
Adobe might want to consider , right now , very quickly , giving Flash to the public domain .
Disclaim all patents , open source all code , etc etc .
That would throw the ball squarely back into Apple ’s court and would frame the question right now in its most stark terms .
That ’d be an interesting move , and it would certainly shake things up .
But what if the source code to Flash Player is — as many would wager — a huge steaming pile of convoluted C++ horseshit ?
It ’s sort of like what if Microsoft open - sourced the Internet Explorer rendering engine .
It ’s not like anyone who is now using WebKit or Gecko would switch to that just because it was opened — or that WebKit , Mozilla , and Opera would suddenly be obligated to or even interested in adopting IE - specific web features .
The problem for Flash is just like the problem for IE — the web has already moved on .
How many times have you wondered how strong those cement barriers are , that you see in front of military base entrances ?
( Are all barriers created equal ? )
This was sent by someone who works for the Army Corp of Engineers :
From time to time someone asks me what the concrete barriers are in front of controlled and secure buildings .
When I tell them that the barriers will stop traffic , even trucks , from approaching the secured building I usually get a look of disbelief .
Truck = 65,000 lbs. ~ Speed = 50 mph
Flashback Friday .
In the contemporary U.S. , individuals choose who to marry based on personal preference , but there is a specific script by which those choices become a wedding day .
Not everyone follows the script , but everyone knows it : the man decides to ask the woman to marry him , he buys a ring , he arranges a “ special ” event , he proposes , and she agrees .
Many of us grow up dreaming of a day like this .
But this is n’t the only possible way to decide to marry .
A reverse script might involve female choice .
We can imagine a world in which , instead of hoping to be chosen , women decide to propose and men can only marry if they get asked .
Another alternative script might involve no proposal at all , one in which two people discuss marriage and come to a decision together without the pop question and uncertain answer .
Of course , many couples essentially decide to marry through months or years of discussion , but these couples frequently act out the script anyway because , well , it ’s so romantic and wonderful .
Or is it ?
Andre M. sent in a clip of John Preator , a finalist on a previous season of American Idol .
In the clip , he proposes to his girlfriend Erica on Main Street at a Disneyland Resort .
The clip exaggerates the patriarchal underpinnings of both marriage and the marriage proposal .
It may or may not be real , but it does n’t really matter for our purposes .
Here it is :
First ,
Andre says , the spectacle is a shining testament to our commitment to the idea of marriage as an ideal state .
Everyone loves marriage !
As Andre writes :
A whole rainbow of characters come out of the shadows to push her towards yes , from the smiling Asian janitor , to the African American guy knighted by our hero and his plastic phallus , to the disabled woman who wishes to trade her fate with the bride - to - be .
We are supposed to think : “ How wonderful !
How sweet !
How perfect ! ”
What is made invisible is the fact that , in addition to a potential site of wedded bliss , marriage is the site of the reproduction of patriarchal privilege ( especially through women ’s disproportionate responsibility for housework and childcare ) and heterosexist ( still excluding same sex couples ) .
But the audience knows that they are supposed to feel elated for the couple and privileged to witness their special moment ( whether they feel these things or not ) .
Second , the public nature of the proposal put a lot of pressure on her to say “ yes . ”
The audience is asked to participate in urging her to agree to marry him ( “ come on folks , how about a little encouragement ? ! ” ) .
And the performers , as well as the performance itself , create conditions that look a lot like coercion .
Could she have said “ no ” if she wanted to ?
As if breaking his heart would n’t have been deterrent enough , saying “ no ” would have disappointed the onlookers and ruined the performance .
He put so much work into scripting the proposal and it was very clear what her line was .
How many women , with less pressure , have nonetheless felt it difficult or impossible to say “ no ” ?
Okay , so let ’s assume that Erica did want to marry John and that they will live happily ever after .
And let ’s also assume that most marriage proposals in the U.S. do not come with this degree of pressure .
The clip is still a nice reminder of ( 1 ) just how taken - for - granted marriage is as an ideal state ( can you imagine her saying , “ I love you more than life itself and I want to be with you forever , but marriage , no thanks ! ” ) and ( 2 ) the way that the proposal script puts men in the position of getting to choose and women in the position of having to agree or go off script .
Originally posted in 2010 .
I honestly did n’t have huge expectations for Kevin McKeon ’s adaptation of David Guterson Snow Falling on Cedars .
So many popular books and movies have been poorly adapted for the stage recently and
Scott Hick ’s 1999 film adaptation of Guterson ’s best selling book simply left me cold .
Imagine my shock when I was blown away by one of the best productions I ’ve seen on a stage in Portland .
McKeon ’s adaptation is simply amazing and coupled with Chris Coleman ’s pitch perfect direction and uniformly excellent acting , Snow Falling on Cedars at Portland Center Stage is nothing short of a triumph .
Set in the late 40’s and early 50’s , Snow Falling on Cedars follows the trail of Kabuo , a Japanese American fisherman accused of murdering a fellow fisherman in a small northwestern island town .
The play flashes back and forth between the trial and the years leading up to it , covering the interweaving stories of the characters .
Smack dab in the center of Snow Falling on Cedars is a look at the Japanese internment camps in America , enacted after the bombing of Pearl Harbor .
Although Snow Falling on Cedars covers an important point ( and arguably one of our lowest points ) in American history , the play is more about the relationships and connections between the people involved than the history itself .
Olivia Oguma and Vince Nappo play Hatsue and Ishmael , two childhood playmates who flirt with something more .
Their relationship comes to a head with the bombing of Pearl Harbor .
There ’s a devastatingly beautiful moment when Hatsue turns to Ishmael and says , “ Look at me , look at my face , I have the face of the enemy ! ”
It ’s within a moment like this between characters that brings everything together and adjoins the greater narrative , the historial context and makes this play work so well .
A lot of credit goes to Kevin McKeon for his masterful adaptation of Guterson ’s book .
McKeon covers considerable ground in his stage play and really has a sense of how to capture and present the soul and essence of the book .
McKeon often gives us just enough of a glimpse at something as he weaves back and forth throughout the lives of the key characters .
This results in some truly magical moments , and while fleeting , they give us a tremendous amount of insight and connection with the story .
One of my favorite moments of the play involves the coupling of Hatsue and Kabuo , a short scene played perfectly , almost magically ; I ’ll surely be thinking back to it a long time from now .
Director Chris Coleman , who has been playing around with inventive and minimalistic staging this year , really hits his groove working with McKeon ’s adaptation .
The staging transitions from scene to scene , emotional note to emotional note flawlessly .
At one point we flash between the front lines in the South Pacific to a quiet and tender scene between two of the characters on the field of an internment camp and back again .
Coleman ’s actors never seem lost in the shuffle and he gives them a tremendous amount of faith and trust to carry off some of the most important elements of the play .
In one scene two police officers , played by Scott Coopwood and Casey McFeron , pull a body caught in a fishing net out of the water and onto a boat .
This entire scene is done using pantomime , and it executed so well you ’d swear they had a real body on stage .
I could n’t help but think back to Coleman ’s work on Ragtime and the show - stopping scene where Gavin Gregory ( who plays Coalhouse Walker ) sits down to play at an invisible piano .
It ’s this kind of deep trust in the artform and the capacity of his actors that makes Chris Coleman a truly great director , and under his direction , the actors rise to the occasion .
Olivia Oguma gives an award worthy performance as Hatsue , carrying her character through a huge life arch from pre-teen to a married woman with kids .
Vince Nappo takes his character Ishmael on a similar journey and caps the show with an emotional moment that is simply amazing .
Bruce Locke gives the role of Kabuo a rich texturing despite the fact that his character is extremely reserved .
Across the board the performances in Snow Falling on Cedars are excellent even though many of the cast members double and triple up , playing a variety of roles throughout the show .
My one and only gripe about the production is its opening .
The characters come on and speak in narrative to set things up .
It works but not nearly as well as when we see the characters interact with dialogue .
Admittedly , this is a minor issue and in many ways is like complaining about the frame on a true masterpiece , which is what this is .
Kevin McKeon ’s adaptation of Snow Falling on Cedars is so good and Chris Coleman ’s Portland Center Stage production is so well performed it has the potential to become a truly classic piece of theater .
McKeon works magic with Snow Falling on Cedars , crafting a truly contemporary theatrical experience using classic theatrical tools , and in the hands of Chris Coleman the result is simply amazing .
Snow Falling on Cedars has the potential to be the kind of show that moves on from its Portland debut to New York and then beyond .
It ’s a truly great piece of theater and is absolutely not to be missed .
Snow Falling on Cedars plays at Portland Center Stage 1/12-2/17 .
Tickets Start at $ 35 .
For more information :
If a story pops up in Google News that you 'd like to keep track of , you can now add a familiar " star " to it .
That allows you to track multiple stories from a " Starred " menu , and get updates on new developments .
Advertisement
When a story is starred , updates to it will cause bold - face headlines to appear and , presumably , draw your eyes to them .
You can also check in manually on your stories by visiting " Starred , " but Google has , for some reason , limited your starring to 20 recent items .
Perhaps it 's a matter of how much they can put on a page , or a person can realistically follow , but it seems an odd , artificial limit for such a vast service .
Starring stories in Google News [ Google News Blog ]
Professional footballers have refused to appear in a campaign video against homophobia because they fear being ridiculed for taking a stand against one of the sport 's most stubborn taboos , The Independent has learnt .
Both players and agents declined a request by the Professional Footballers ' Association ( PFA ) to take part in a video which was to use high - profile players as figureheads in the association 's drive against anti-gay prejudice .
The advertising agency Ogilvy , which was hired to produce the film , had advised that such involvement by well - known faces would be important if the campaign was to deliver the required impact .
But instead , the FA was obliged to produce a generic " viral " anti- homophobic video – which was itself pulled earlier this week .
The revelation comes as a setback for campaigners who have finally begun to make progress in tackling homophobia in sport .
Last month , former Welsh rugby captain Gareth Thomas took the unprecedented step of coming out as the first openly gay British rugby professional , an announcement that received widespread acceptance and praise .
Last year , Donal Óg Cusack became the first openly gay Irish hurler – another aggressively hetrosexual sport .
But last night Gordon Taylor , the PFA chief executive , said that the request by the players ' union for involvement was not a straightforward one for players .
" Everybody assumes footballers are full of confidence , but it is not easy on issues like this , " he said .
" Remember there was a time when even black players did not feel they could talk about race . "
Peter Clayton , who chairs the FA 's Homophobia in Football advisory group and is the FA 's only openly gay councillor , said he too appreciated players ' anxieties .
" I suspect agents and clubs shied away from it , " he said .
" A player coming forward to appear in it would feel he might ignite more vitriol . "
A PFA source added : " Maybe in three , four or five years we will have more players involved .
At the moment , no one wants to be the player putting their head above the parapet .
It 's about the right time and the right place .
Players give a lot ; they get so many asks .
Sometimes there has to be a ' no ' , and this was one of them . "
On Monday the FA announced it was postponing the launch of an anti-homophobic video , pending a review of its entire anti-homophobia campaign .
That video featured a man directing anti-gay chants at a tube passenger , office workers and a newspaper seller .
Due to be screened at Wembley , it aimed to point out that just as homophobia is unacceptable at work , it should n't be tolerated on the terraces either .
As the fallout continued from the FA 's decision to pull the DVD – which generated more publicity than its creators could possibly have expected – gay activist Peter Tatchell said yesterday that the association should be doing more to encourage players to speak out : " I have always argued that we should involve players in this project , but we need to make a proper , organised effort to make that happen .
" I have said time and time again that Lord Triesman [ the FA chairman ] should write a personal letter to players , underlining the value of the campaign and asking them to be a part of it together with other players . "
There is a widespread belief , shared by the PFA , that the only way of securing players ' involvement in such a project is through a group of players contributing to a video .
There are some hopes at the PFA that the England national team might ultimately be the vehicle .
The new England captain , Rio Ferdinand , remembered by many in gay circles for his use of the word " faggot " on a Chris Moyles radio show in 2006 , was shamed into subsequently taking a more reconstructed view of homosexuality .
He is one of the few current players to have even mentioned homophobia as a scourge in the game .
Representatives of Limerick pub owners are to make an application to the District Court on 23 March to seek a special exemption to open for business on Good Friday .
A group of 60 licensed vintners in Limerick met in the city this morning to sign a petition pledging their support for the move .
The current licensing laws prevent pubs from opening on Good Friday .
Limerick 's Thomond Park stadium is to host a Magners League rugby match between Munster and Leinster on that day .
Vintners spokesperson Dave Hickey said they hope their application will be successful .
They say they will be making the case that publicans could lose up to € 6 m in trade brought into the city by the sell - out match .
However , he said they were disappointed that neither the Munster or Leinster rugby authorities had responded to calls to change the date of the match .
Emergency Assistance
I was travelling overseas when I had some bad luck – my backpack went one direction and I went another .
My travel plans were briefly stalled while I tracked it down and organised my plan of attack for the coming weeks .
The first step was sorting out a financial solution , I had n’t exactly accounted for this bump in the road .
I logged onto my favourite website , the trusty Ed Jeffers Barber Museum and looked into what the NAB currency exchange had to say for itself .
Fortunately , my cash situation would hold me over for an extra week or so , but just to be sure I decided I ’d ask my family if they ’d transfer me a little extra cash .
The government signalled the end of intercity motorway building today as it announced plans for a £ 30 bn high - speed rail network , with the first phase between London and Birmingham opening in 2026 .
Lord Adonis , the transport secretary , said the motorway network had reached its limit and the burden of ferrying millions more people between cities would instead be taken by fleets of trains travelling at up to 250 mph .
Work on the first phase linking the capital and England 's second city could begin in 2017 after a formal public consultation , Adonis said .
Having pledged to eliminate demand for domestic air travel with ultra - fast trains , the transport secretary took on motorways in a 152 - page " command paper " .
He said : " I do not envisage building another generation of intercity motorways . "
The last new motorway , the M40 , opened in 1991 and the government 's strategy now is to widen the UK 's major road arteries or to make hard shoulders into new lanes .
The news was attacked by a motoring thinktank , which warned the government not to sideline roads when they account for more than nine out of 10 UK passenger journeys , against 7 % for rail .
" It is not enough to deal with growing demand , " said Professor Stephen Glaister , director of the RAC Foundation .
" What is the government going to do instead ?
If it does nothing , inter - urban congestion will just get worse . "
Under the high - speed rail alternative , London and Birmingham will be linked by a route carrying 18 trains an hour in each direction , with every one carrying up to 1,100 passengers .
Journeys will be slashed from 84 minutes to 49 on a line originating at London 's Euston .
At Old Oak Common in west London an interchange with the Crossrail service , due to be completed in 2017 , will take passengers to Heathrow .
Controversially , the line will then run through the Chiltern hills in Buckinghamshire , past picturesque villages such as Wendover , partly following the A413 road and the Chiltern rail line before joining the track - bed of the former Great Central Railway .
Before entering central Birmingham there will be a stop near its airport , which will be 31 minutes from Old Oak Common .
There will be a new terminal at Curzon Street in Birmingham centre but the main body of the line will sweep through the Trent valley to join existing tracks north of Lichfield , where journeys will continue to Manchester and Scotland at conventional speeds .
Adonis said it would lead to the demolition of just 440 houses , against 700 for the planned third runway at Heathrow .
The transport secretary also unveiled the blueprint for a wider network , with a Y - shaped route splitting off from Birmingham to go westwards to Manchester and eastwards to Sheffield and Leeds .
Journey times between London and Manchester , Leeds and Sheffield would come down from about two hours 10 minutes to 75 minutes .
However , the document makes no formal provision for a direct route to Scotland and Newcastle and time savings from London to Scotland 's major cities are less impressive , falling from four - and - a- half hours to three - and - a - half hours .
Acknowledging
Tory objections over the Heathrow proposal , Adonis said the case for a station at the airport would be examined by the former Tory transport secretary Lord Mawhinney .
The Tories have pledged to build a high - speed network instead of a third runway at Heathrow , and to start construction in 2015 .
Theresa Villiers , the shadow transport secretary , said : " In leaving out Heathrow and setting out plans that give no firm guarantees north of the Midlands , Labour 's plans are flawed both by lack of ambition and undermined by their inability to grasp the basic truth that high - speed rail should be an alternative to a third runway , not an addition to it . "
The London - to - Birmingham phase will cost up to £ 17.4bn , with the full 335 - mile network costing £ 30 bn .
Adonis said he expected the financing to be " state - led " , costing about £ 2bn a year .
The environmental benefits will be negligible , however , as the Department for Transport admitted that the London - to - Birmingham route will be carbon neutral .
Green groups also warned that the proposals must not squeeze funding from the conventional rail network .
Stephen Joseph , executive director of the Campaign for Better Transport , said : " The danger is that a high - speed line will suck money out of the current transport network .
The last thing people want is service cuts , higher fares and more potholes , while the executive classes are treated to gleaming new high - speed trains . "
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 400 Tech Report
After floundering against ATI 's formidable Radeon HD 4000 series and getting upstaged by their rival 's Radeon HD 5000 series , NVIDIA is back in the fight again with their new GeForce GTX 400 series of graphics cards !
Let 's take a look at why NVIDIA thinks they finally have a GPU capable of wresting the performance crown from ATI .
At the forefront of their counterattack is the new NVIDIA GeForce GTX 480 .
Based on the new GF100 ( Fermi ) GPU , NVIDIA claims the GeForce GTX 480 is up to 3.5 x faster than the GeForce GTX 285 !
To be more accurate , the GeForce GTX 480 is roughly 50 % to 100 % faster than the GeForce GTX 285 in DirectX games .
It is also up to 2.5 x faster in PhysX calculations and up to 3.5 x faster in ray tracing operations .
With this kind of processing power , the GeForce GTX 480 will have no problem tackling 8 x anti-aliasing or better .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
VANCOUVER , British Columbia 
What is the difference between a Canadian and an American ?
The old question is coming up again here at the Olympics , with answers involving eagerness for war , ketchup , the pronunciation of toque or the ability to identify poutine and the Tragically Hip .
But none may be so simple as how one holds a hockey stick .
According to sales figures from stick manufacturers , a majority of Canadian hockey players shoot left - handed , and a majority of American players shoot right - handed .
No reason is known for this disparity , which cuts across all age groups and has persisted for decades .
Most Canadians , like most Americans , are naturally right - handed , so the discrepancy has nothing to do with national brain - wiring .
And how you hold a pencil , say , has little or no bearing on how you hold a stick .
A left - handed shooter puts his right hand on top ; a right - hander puts the left hand there .
For years , how a hockey player picked up his stick was of little importance .
The blades were straight and a player could swing the sticks from either side .
Two Hockey Hall of Famers from the mid-20th century  wing Gordie Howe and goalie Bill Durnan  actually played ambidextrously .
On Wednesday , someone from the Chilean domain registry .cl noticed that one of the DNS root servers was responding in a very strange way to queries for domain names like facebook.com , youtube.com , and twitter.com .
Normally , root servers only provide a pointer to the correct set of Top Level Domain servers — in this case , the .com servers operated by Verisign .
But here , the " I " root server responded with ( apparently fake ) addresses .
It turns out that these queries were answered by a root server residing in China , and China has been applying this type of creativity to DNS queries since at least 2002 .
So this is just your basic Internet censoring , nothing to see here , move along .
( Can we interest you in some DNS security ? )
In this case , however , the ways in which the network of root servers is operated and the DNS protocol works interact in a way that can create problems outside China .
The problem with the root servers is that they 're " anycasted . "
The number of root servers is limited to not much more than the current 13 ( A through M ) because more would n't fit into a single DNS packet without additional measures .
So rather than add more root servers with their own addresses , most root server addresses are actually used by multiple servers around the world .
The routing system delivers queries to the nearest server so answers come back quickly , and attackers only get to send packets to root servers in their own region , limiting the scope of any attacks .
This means that if the routing system considers an instance of a root server in China close by , routers will send the request to China .
Regular users have very little control over these routing decisions .
To add insult to injury , the queries to root servers contain the full DNS name that the user is looking for , even though root servers by their nature only respond to the .com , .net , . fr , or .cl part of a DNS name .
It 's a bit like putting your income on the outside of the envelope containing your tax return and trusting the postal service to ignore it .
Very likely , ISPs will soon start blocking routing updates announcing reachability to anycasted root servers coming from China , so DNS requests will be forwarded to non-Chinese instances of root servers .
Note however , that these spoofed results are unlikely to create much trouble , even for users who consistently receive them .
And this is unlikely for anyone outside China , because only a few root server instances are deployed in the People 's Republic .
In any event , normally , the pointers to the .com servers will already be cached by a local DNS server , so the query is sent directly to a .com server rather than to a root server first .
In the last months of his life , rumors swirled about Caesar 's monarchical ambitions .
On the Ides of March 44 BC , a group of Senators put the issue to rest by assassinating Caesar during a session of the Senate .
46 - Sic Semper Tyrannis
The number of British people who are sceptical about climate change is rising , a poll for BBC News suggests .
The Populus poll of 1,001 adults found 25 % did not think global warming was happening , an increase of 10 % since a similar poll was conducted in November .
The percentage of respondents who said climate change was a reality had fallen from 83 % in November to 75 % this month .
And only 26 % of those asked believed climate change was happening and " now established as largely man-made " .
The findings are based on interviews carried out on 3 - 4 February .
In November 2009 , a similar poll by Populus - commissioned by the Times newspaper - showed that 41 % agreed that climate change was happening and it was largely the result of human activities .
" It is very unusual indeed to see such a dramatic shift in opinion in such a short period , " Populus managing director Michael Simmonds told BBC News .
" The British public are sceptical about man 's contribution to climate change - and becoming more so , " he added .
" More people are now doubters than firm believers . "
The Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ' ( Defra ) chief scientific adviser , Professor Bob Watson , called the findings " very disappointing " .
" The fact that there has been a very significant drop in the number of people that believe that we humans are changing the Earth 's climate is serious , " he told BBC News .
" Action is urgently needed , " Professor Watson warned .
" We need the public to understand that climate change is serious so they will change their habits and help us move towards a low carbon economy . "
' Exaggerated risks '
Of the 75 % of respondents who agreed that climate change was happening , one - in - three people felt that the potential consequences of living in a warming world had been exaggerated , up from one - in - five people in November .
SEE RESULTS IN FULL BBC poll on climate change [ 184KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The number of people who felt the risks of climate change had been understated dropped from 38 % in November to 25 % in the latest poll .
During the intervening period between the two polls , there was a series of high profile climate - related stories , some of which made grim reading for climate scientists and policymakers .
In November , the contents of emails stolen from a leading climate science unit led to accusations that a number of researchers had manipulated data .
And in January , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) admitted that it had made a mistake in asserting that Himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 .
All of this happened against the backdrop of many parts of the northern hemisphere being gripped by a prolonged period of sub - zero temperatures .
However , 73 % of the people who said that they were aware of the " science flaws " stories stated that the media coverage had not changed their views about the risks of climate change .
" People tend to make judgements over time based on a whole range of different sources , " Mr Simmonds explained .
He added that it was very unusual for single events to have a dramatic impact on public opinion .
" Normally , people make their minds up over a longer period and are influenced by all the voices they hear , what they read and what people they know are talking about . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a computing device , the iPad has some obvious limitations that have puzzled many tech - savvy Apple devotees , provoking a variety of critical articles explaining where Steve Jobs has gone wrong .
After reading one such blog post saying that the iPad was antisocial , because it did n’t have SMS or the ability to run IM in the background , it struck me this was a restricted view of what it means to be social .
The iPad is real - life social in a way that a phone and a laptop just are n’t .
You really can just hand it to someone to show them what you mean : share photos , videos , writing with real people right next to you .
I can see using it to learn with a child , share pictures with my mother , discuss house remodeling , and many other tasks normally done with paper .
In conversation with friends last week I realized that , sat in its dock , the iPad would be the ideal cookbook .
And for us geeks , a great way to consult technical books as we use our computers .
In the office , the iPad offers a middle - ground I ’ve found lacking in electronic devices .
Bringing my laptop into meetings puts up a screen between me and others , is a hassle to unplug and carry around , and can be personally distracting .
Taking my iPhone to make notes makes people think I ’m bored of the meeting and sending text messages to friends instead .
So normally I choose paper , and tend to lose my notes afterwards .
The iPad is a device that will find fans not only in a family setting , but in a creative setting where collaboration and comment is in person .
Criticized for not being open because of digital rights management , the iPad is actually very open , in the sense that it erects few physical barriers to sharing .
They meant to make it easier to discriminate against gays , but instead they passed a bill making it easier to discriminate against Christians and other religious groups .
The Oklahoma Senate two weeks ago voted in favor of a bill that it thought was going to reduce protections for gay people by allowing local law enforcement agencies to ignore the expanded hate crimes law passed by the US Congress last year .
ADVERTISEMENT
But , as the University of Oklahoma ’s Oklahoma Daily reported last week , the Oklahoma bill cited the wrong clause in the federal code , and instead prevented law enforcement from upholding laws against hate crimes based on religion , race or ethnicity .
Eliminating protection for religious groups is pretty much the exact opposite of what the bill ’s supporters had intended .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The bill in its current form does nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t take away rights from gays and lesbians , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â state Senate Minority Leader Andrew Rice told Oklahoma Daily .
“ It takes away rights for religion and race . ”
In October 2009 , President Obama signed into law a change to the US ’s protections against hate crimes that expanded protection to cover people on the basis of their sexual orientation and gender identity .
That law , known as The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act , was opposed by some lawmakers in Oklahoma who feared it would “ trample on the free speech rights of religious leaders who preached out against the lifestyle of the victim who was attacked , ” notes the Out in Oklahoma City blog .
ADVERTISEMENT
But “ in trying to strip gays and lesbians of protection , the Oklahoma State Senate inadvertently cited the wrong section of the US code , ” reports Igor Volsky at ThinkProgress .
“ The bill stripped rights under Title 18 US Code Section 245 , but protections for sexual orientation and gender identity is actually under Section 249 . ”
Section 245 protects people against hate crimes on the basis of “ race , color , religion or national origin . ”
Thus the very same religious leaders who worried that the federal hate crimes statute would criminalize their opinions are now in danger of losing hate - crimes protection themselves .
The mistake was “ most likely a legislative error or at least a typo , ” Rice , a Democrat , told the Oklahoma Daily .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republican State Senator Steve Russell , the bill ’s author , has said the bill will be changed before it comes before the state House for a vote .
Not surprisingly , the bill came under attack from Oklahoma ’s gay rights groups when it passed the state Senate two weeks ago .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill “ leaves LGBT Oklahomans no legal recourse if they are victims of hate crimes , ” The Equality Network said in a statement earlier this month .
The bill “ also prevents law enforcement officials from asking for federal assistance in enforcing the LGBT - inclusive federal hate crimes law .
The bill does not seek to repeal federal or state hate crimes protections accorded on the basis of race , national origin , religion , or disability .
Instead , it intentionally excludes only hate crimes perpetrated on the basis of actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity , ” TEN stated .
According to news reports , Oklahoma Gov. Brad
Henry has not yet decided if he will veto the bill or sign it if it comes to his desk .
Recently by Gary North : Gold Money : Power to the People
Four images provide the conceptual tools to refute Keynesian economics : the gun , the wallet , the IOU , and the printing press .
Recall them every time you read a Keynesian promotion of the latest government - spending plan .
Let me explain .
Think of yourself as engaged in a public debate .
If you want to undermine an intellectual opponent in a debate , find his system ’s central weak point and latch onto it like a bulldog .
Never let it go .
Make sure the audience leaves the debate with your refutation in their minds .
In preparing for a debate , remember this principle of effective communication : “ It is easier to forget a formula than a mental image . ”
Academic economists love formulas .
This is their great vulnerability .
Unlike formulas in physics , economists ’ formulas conceal profound conceptual errors that simple mental images reveal as utter nonsense .
The average person can readily comprehend these errors through the use of simple mental images .
But academic economists are deliberately trained in graduate school to ignore these images .
They are easily blinded by formulas .
This puts them at a disadvantage in public debate , especially when debating members of the one school of economics that does not use formulas : Austrian School economics .
I will now offer a demonstration of this principle of debate .
KEYNESIANISM’S CENTRAL FORMULA
The account of Keynesian economics on Wikipedia is a good place to begin .
Here , we read of the textbook Keynesian formula :
In scientific notation , the Keynesian Formula consists of the following make - up :
C + I + G + X — M = Y( GDP )
which means :
Consumption + Investment + Government Spending + Exports — Imports = Gross Domestic Product
This is standard stuff .
Start here .
Spending is the heart of Keynesian economics — aggregate spending .
Consumption ( C ) is a series of society - wide individual allocation decisions .
Investment ( I ) is a series of society - wide individual allocation decisions .
Exports ( X ) are a series of society - wide individual allocation decisions .
It is the same for imports .
Government spending is an allocation decision of a different kind .
“ See this gun ?
See where it is pointed ?
Hand over your wallet . ”
The student can see that total spending is based on all the letters of the formula .
C , I , X , and M all begin with the original owners of resources .
But G does not begin with the original owners .
G begins with the new owner after multiple transactions with the gun .
G does not create .
G confiscates .
G cannot spend anything that it did not extract from consumers or investors .
C , I , X , and M are based on production .
They are creative forces .
G is based on confiscation .
It is not a creative force .
Everything spent by G comes at the expense of C , I , X , or M .
When G spends , it does so at the expense of the others .
A bright student is smart enough to figure out what most people do when constantly threatened with robbers with guns , even if the robbers carry badges .
They will not put all of their money in their wallets .
They will hide some of their currency .
They will not spend it .
People who carry badges and guns call this currency hoarding .
This is a Very Bad Thing , we are assured .
BORROWING FROM PETER TO SUBSIDIZE PAUL
Here is where Keynes came to the rescue of governments everywhere .
He has the government offer to write IOU ’s that pay interest .
“ Put away the guns .
Write IOU’s . ”
Only very clever students will ask these two obvious questions :
Where will the government get the money to pay off the loans with interest ?
Where will people get the money to lend to the government ?
The politicians ’ answers to the first question is easy : ( 1 ) we will hire more men with badges and guns ; ( 2 ) we will write more IOU’s .
But these are not answers .
They are variations of kick the can .
Then Keynes added this : “ print more money . ”
He specifically taught that real wages would fall along with purchasing power in times of price inflation .
Labor union members would accept these lower wages , he taught .
This would lead to greater employment : lower wages mean more labor demanded .
He implicitly assumed that labor union members are stupid , and so are the economists they hire to negotiate .
What about the second question ?
Where will lenders get the money ?
Keynes ’ answer made superficial sense back when people hoarded gold ( United States ) or currency ( everywhere else ) .
That was true prior to the FDIC ( 1934 ) .
After 1934 in the USA , the argument made no sense .
Currency hoarders started to deposit their money in banks .
The banks then lent this money .
Henceforth , the government could write lots of IOU ’s and run large deficits , but the money it received as loans came from the bank accounts of lenders .
The borrowers at the banks of these lenders would be shut out .
Aggregate spending would not change .
Keynesian theory collapses .
Even in the first case — currency hoarding — the argument made no economic sense in 1933 .
When prices fall in response to hoarding — an increased demand for currency — the currency gets spent .
Sellers say : “ Have I got a deal for you ! ” Former hoarders spend .
If prices are flexible downward — and in a free market , they are — then government does not need to write IOU ’s to get people spending again .
It needs to remove legal restrictions on making good deals : tariffs , quotas , and price floors .
Once a student understands this , the teacher can move from logic to rhetoric : persuasion through imagery .
SUBSTITUTE IMAGES FOR FORMULAS
Here is the Wiki entry for government spending .
Government spending or government expenditure consists of government purchases , which can be financed by seigniorage , taxes , or government borrowing .
It is considered to be one of the major components of gross domestic product .
John Maynard Keynes was one of the first economists to advocate government deficit spending as part of a fiscal policy to cure an economic contraction .
In Keynesian economics , increased government spending is thought to raise aggregate demand and increase consumption .
Here , I suggest the following .
Ask the question again : “ How does the government get the money out of the lenders ’ wallets or bank accounts without reducing their spending ? ”
Keep mentioning the wallet .
People understand wallets .
They do not really understand formulas .
Keep mentioning the printing press .
They understand counterfeiting .
The student should always have a mental image of a gun , a wallet , an IOU , and a printing press .
A formula does not convey knowledge effectively .
A mental picture does .
People forget formulas faster than they forget mental pictures .
The heart of Keynesian is economics is here : the attribution of autonomous economic productivity to the agency with the gun .
Somehow , government can increase aggregate spending ( 1 ) without producing anything new and ( 2 ) without reducing spending somewhere else in the economy .
Keynes never explained how this is possible .
Neither have his disciples .
Here is the heart of the Keynesian error : “ G can be increased without subtracting from C , I , X , and M . ”
It is easy to show this from the formula .
But it ’s still a formula .
Try to turn the formula into a mental image .
Tell the student , “ When you see G , think ‘ gun . ' ”
This mental image undermines the authority of the formula .
A grifter is a con man who uses fake promises as a way to scam victims .
If more students knew what a grifter is , you could say : “ When you see G , think ‘ gun , ’ ‘ grifter , ’ and ‘ graft . ' ”
The student thinks , “ This ca n’t be all there is to Keynesian economics . ”
But it is .
He thinks , “ Someone would have pointed this out in 1936 if this were all there is to it . ”
Hardly anyone did .
The few who did were not believed after 1948 , the year Paul Samuelson ’s economics textbook was published .
How could this be the case ?
Because of what George Orwell observed in 1946 , the same year that Keynes died .
“ To see what is in front of one ’s nose needs a constant struggle . ”
Be the child at the parade , crying out : “ The emperor has no clothes . ”
Start with the simplest explanation — visual — at the heart of Keynes ’ colossal error .
Do n’t let go .
Start with the gun , the wallet , the IOU , and the printing press .
The formula is merely window dressing for economists .
For more information , come here .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2010 Gary North
EDIT : Ron Winter directed the video below , and Greencard Pictures produced it .
In the adorably tripped - out new video for Devendra Banhart 's lilting [ " Baby " ] ( http://pitchfork.com/reviews/tracks/11518-baby/
" " Baby " " ) , Devendra and his bros ( including MGMT's Andrew VanWyngarden and the Strokes ' Fabrizio Moretti ) travel in a cigarette - shaped spaceship through what looks like a planet 's butthole , whereupon they party with animated aliens , a baby , and GZA , the latter of whom is dressed like an interstellar pharaoh .
And yet the weirdest thing about the clip may be the ill - advised mustache / soul - patch combo that Banhart is currently rocking .
The whole messy affair premiered today on Spinner ; watch it below .
I run a Communist YouTube channel – a vblog – for young people , and I ’m noticing something really bad .
Okay I KNOW that the health care bill is n’t everything we need or hoped for .
But it is a start .
We finally made it so that people with pre-existing conditions cannot be turned down for health care insurance , expanded Medicaid so more low - income folks like me can get checkups , follow - ups , preventative care .
Made it so that if Americans can’t afford health insurance , we will be able to get free care at clinics , hospitals and regular family doctors .
Still it ’s not single - payer .
But it is a lot better than how it has been .
Up to now , people could be turned down if they had a pre-existing condition , could be cut off from their health insurance if they got a serious ailment , people could not see a regular doctor for checkups or preventative care , and poorer people with low income would have to pay out their yin yang for emergency room care .
All of this has changed .
Is it perfect ?
No .
Is it single - payer ?
Hell , no !
But what I ’ve noticed is some young people are romanticizing the revolution , but they have lost focus on the proletariat .
I hope that you guys remember them : the ones we Communists work for … the working class .
If you ask a U.S. worker if he or she is Republican or Democrat , he or she is going to say one or the other .
These are the masses of people that we have to bring to our side .
The exploited workers .
Make them aware of our cause .
Now some people have been saying , “ You should n’t feed into the capitalist system ” or “ You should n’t have voted for or even helped the health care bill – it just ensures capitalism . ”
Other people are a little smarter then this .
We Communists work for the working and exploited masses .
Our hearts bleed when we see exploitation of workers , innocent people getting abused by authority , or the capitalist system robbing them of a human need ( such as health care . )
Marx and Engels said , “ The Communists fight for the attainment of the immediate aims , for the enforcement of the momentary interests of the working class ; but in the movement of the present , they also represent and take care of the future of that movement . ”
The Communist Party USA along with others wanted single - payer .
But it was n’t going to happen this time .
What was in the interest of the people then ?
The health care bill that just passed .
This is a great achievement .
A lot of working people now will have health care that they could n’t get before .
Communists are the people who study and plan things out in movements so these movements can succeed .
But I ’ve noticed a lot of younger people who think of themselves as Communists just want to jump into starting a revolution .
They believe that if we just let things get sooo bad , people will jump at socialism .
But look at the current state of things .
People believe that the capitalist system works .
Most workers do n’t even know they are being exploited and believe in the system , believe the things that are fed to them .
It ’s our role as Communists to make them aware and to help them in their struggles .
“ If you want to help ‘ the masses ’ and to win the sympathy , confidence and support of ‘ the masses ’ you must adhere to the immediate struggles and ease the work load in the momentary struggles . ”
So said Lenin .
Some of the young people I hear from are thinking that we should just let the right wing mess things up and then try to make people aware of socialism .
But that would be really really bad .
Why ?
It would be like the totalitarian state in the movie “ V for Vendetta . ”
People would be too scared or sick to make an organized movement .
If we see police beating someone who we know is innocent , would we just stand there , and wait for the person to get beat up and hope that the person thinks , “ I wish a socialist would help me ” ?
No , we help because it ’s the right thing to do .
This is what our role as Communists is : giving to their struggle adds to our own .
It shows that we work hard for the struggles of all people , and for the equality we all long for .
That we fight not just for our own revolution , but for all humanity .
It ’s quite an undertaking .
We are revolutionaries .
But the second we lose sight of what we are fighting for , the minute we lose sight of the people we are supposed to help , we become no better then our enemies .
Communists knew there was something wrong with the system , took an unspoken oath to defend the rights of the weak and exploited .
Just because you call yourself a Communist does n’t make it true .
You have to be true to the values of humanity , regardless of whether the person being exploited considers himself conservative , Democrat , or a smurf .
Why should we wait to help someone in need ?
People who call themselves Communist need to be aware of what the communist struggle really is .
It ’s not just us against them .
It ’s not just a simple road to socialism , or the totalitarianism that the right claims .
It ’s not just the workers banding together .
It ’s a huge complex undertaking .
Young people also need to be aware that revolution does n’t just happen .
We do n’t want violence and war .
It ’s bad enough that too many people think that ’s what we want .
But Communists are nothing without the people , the workers and others .
And the movement needs to be planned .
We ca n’t just go into a random place , yell “ SOCIALISM ! ” and expect people to follow .
Perhaps I make it seem like it ’s too big of a project – a fight for not just a country but all humanity seems like a delusion .
But we can only work in one country – our own .
To make a country you need the people .
To win the people takes planning .
To make the plans … there are the Communists .
Tonight , the parents of missing , depressed Growing Pains star Andrew Koenig were supposed to be on Larry King Live .
But just two minutes before their interview , they walked out of the studio .
What happened ?
Towards the end of the show , Larry King Live went to commercial with a teaser for an upcoming interview with Walter Koenig ( Star Trek 's Checkov ) and his wife , Judith .
But when the show returned from break , they had abruptly left the Vancouver studio where they were going to be interviewed , leaving Larry King stammering .
It 's not like they 've been hiding from the media .
Earlier this evening , they held a press conference in Vancouver , at which Walter Koenig told his son " I just want to know you 're OK . "
And Walter Koenig has been releasing updates via his website , most recently detailing that he had received a worryingly despondent email from his clinically depressed son on Feb. 16th .
The obvious conclusion :
After more than a week with no real developments , they got some news about their son , good or bad , that obviated the need for an interview .
We 'll see .
Men are still in the minority as primary school teachers
The number of men applying for teacher training has risen sharply because of the recession , says the body responsible for training teachers .
There was a 52 % rise in the number of men wanting to be primary school teachers - more than 4,700 in 2009 / 10 , up about 1,500 compared with 2008 /09 .
Redundancies in the City have prompted the change , says the Training and Development Agency for Schools ( TDA ) .
The number of applicants to teach maths and modern languages has also risen .
' Increasing status '
Traditionally in primary schools there has been a ratio of four female teachers to every male .
But rising unemployment has made the prospect of teaching five to 11 - year - olds more attractive , according to the TDA .
A total of 4,746 men applied for the training in England in 2009 / 10 - up by about 1,500 on 2008/09 .
TDA chief executive Graham Holley said : " Teaching is a profession with increasing status that is becoming more and more competitive .
" There has been a sharp rise in applications to teacher training from people working in other professions .
" They recognise that teaching can fulfil their ambitions , provide challenges , and offer rewards such as a competitive salary and great opportunities for career progression . "
The TDA is hosting an event in London on Friday to encourage people to become teachers , with Schools Secretary Ed Balls expected to attend .??
The Senate voted by 60 - 39 to limit debate on the health care bill , setting up a vote for final passage tomorrow at 7 am ET .
Debate continues on the bill this evening .
Source : C- SPAN.org
As part of this continuing debate , the minority ( the Republican caucus ) was allotted one hour for remarks .
As part of these remarks , Sen. David Vitter ( R - LA ) asked that the bloc be divided evenly among several members of the Republican caucus .
John
Thune ( R - SD ) received the third segment which can be viewed in its entirety below .
Sen .
Thune directed much of his ten minute address to the issue of the deficit .
He began by presenting convoluted percentages of non-defense budget spending over the preceding several years .
He was attempting to illustrate that the Democrats contributed more to the deficit and that our current deficit is not attributable to President George W. Bush or the Republican party .
He then lifted a blank presentation board and a marker .
Next , he began to write numbers , in billions of dollars , relating to the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of the Healthcare bill 's cost .
The first number represented the CBO 's estimated surplus ( $ 132 B ) , over a ten year period , resulting from the implementation of the Senate 's Healthcare bill .
The next few lines depict Sen .
Thune 's interpreted inaccuracies of the CBO 's estimate .
Sen .
Thune then adds the 132 billion to his list of erroneous estimates and makes an arithmetic error :
132 - 200 - 72 - 47 = - 177
His numbers do n't add up to - 177 ; the correct computation yields - 187 .
We have a US Senator attempting to illustrate why the CBO is wrong and he can't add four numbers of three digits or less together .
Simply stunning .
But perhaps what 's even more stunning is that nobody caught this error ; either in the planning stages or during the remaining remarks .
Future Mars outposts or colonies may seem more distantthan ever with NASA ?s exploration plans in flux , but the rocket technology thatcould someday propel a human mission to the red planet in as little as 40 days mayalready exist .
A company founded by former NASA astronaut FranklinChang - Diaz has been developing a new rocket engine that draws upon electricpower and magnetic fields to channel superheated plasma out the back .
Thatstream of plasma generates steady , efficient thrust that uses low amounts ofpropellant and builds up speed over time .
" People have known for a long time , even back in the '50s , that electricpropulsion would be needed for serious exploration of Mars , " said TimGlover , director of development at the Ad Astra Rocket Company .
The rocket technology could drastically cut down theamount of time a spacecraft needs to send astronauts on Marsmissions .
Instead of half a year , a spacecraft could make the trip in justover a month using the engine and a large enough power source , according to anAd Astra mission study .
NASA 's recentcourse change has freed up some funding for new propulsiontechnologies .
And the U.S. space agency has not lost sight of the red planet , NASA administrator Charles Bolden told Congress as he presented a new budget lastmonth .
" While we cannot provide a date certain for thefirst human visit , with Mars as a key long - term destination we can identifymissing capabilities needed for such a mission and use this to help define manyof the goals for our emerging technology development , " Bolden said .
Familiar chemical rockets that burn solid or liquidchemical propellants wo n't get humans to Mars fast because they would requiretoo much propellant .
They can create a huge boost for several minutes at thecost of huge inefficiency ?
not unlike a speed demon with poor gas mileage .
Slow but steady push
Some satellites and spacecraft already rely upon electricpropulsion in their ion engines that create thrust based on energizedgas .
Similarly , Ad Astra 's Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket ( VASIMR ) ionizes gases such as xenon or hydrogen to create superheated plasmastream for thrust .
But VASIMR also has the advantage of relying uponelectromagnetic waves to create and energize the plasma , rather than physicalelectrodes that get worn down due to contact with the superheated plasma .
Thattranslates into greater reliability over time and allows for a very denseplasma stream to create more thrust .
VASIMR can also adjust its thrust to speed up or slowdown , and even has an " afterburner " mode that provides a temporaryhigh - speed boost at the cost of efficiency .
" Our technology is different , " Glover told SPACE.com .
" It 's one possibility .
We certainly think it has the most potential athigh power levels . "
Yet even the most efficient rocket engine needs a powersource .
VASIMR may use gas as the propellant , but it also requires an electricpower source that can ionize the gas to create its plasma .
I need more power !
A mission trajectory study estimated that a VASIMR - poweredspacecraft could reach the red planet within 40 days if it had a200 megawatt power source .
That 's 1,000 times more power than what the currentVASIMR prototype will use , although Ad Astra says that VASIMR can scale up tohigher power sources .
The real problem rests with current limitations in spacepower sources .
Glover estimates that the Mars mission scenario would need apower source that can produce one kilowatt ( kW ) of power per kilogram ( kg ) ofmass , or else the spacecraft could never reach the speeds required for a quicktrip .
Existing power sources fall woefully short of that ideal .
Solar panels have a mass to power ratio of 20 kg / kW .
The Pentagon 's DARPAscience lab hopes to develop solar panels that can achieve 7 kg / KW , and stretchedlens arrays might reach 3 kg / KW , Glover said .
That 's good enough for VASIMR totransport cargo around low - Earth orbit and to the moon , but not to fly humansto Mars .
Ad Astra sees nuclear power as the likeliest power sourcefor a VASIMR - powered Mars mission , but the nuclear reactor that could do thejob remains just a concept on paper .
The U.S. only ever launched one nuclearreactor into space back in 1965 , and it achieved just 50 kg / kW .
A way forward
VASIMR and the necessary power sources could get a boostin the coming years .
NASA 's new five - year budget includes more than $ 3 billionfor developing heavy - lift and propulsion technologies , as well as a GameChanging Innovation program that similarly targets next - gen propulsion andpower sources .
The U.S. space agency 's new chieftech guru has also emphasized propulsion as a critical area , underNASA 's new Space Technology program .
" The budget 's emphasis on developing advancedtechnologies to make space exploration easier and cheaper is very encouragingto us , " Glover noted .
VASIMR reached a milestone late last year by achieving200 kilowatts of power with the VX - 200 prototype .
Since then , Ad Astra has workedon the flight - capable VF - 200 version that could undergo testing at the International Space Station ( ISS ) within the next several years .
As for getting VASIMR into space , Ad Astra has discussedpossible launch options with commercial spaceflight providers .
" Anybody who wants to send anything to ISS after theshuttle retires is talkingwith SpaceX , and Orbital Sciences , " Glover said .
The gold - plated credit rating of the United States — an article of faith across America and , indeed , around the world — may be at risk in coming years as the nation copes with its growing debts .
That sobering assessment , issued Monday by Moody ’s Investors Service , provided a reminder that even Aaa - rated United States Treasury bonds , supposedly the safest of safe investments , could be downgraded one day if Washington failed to manage the federal debt .
Moody ’s said the United States and other major Western nations , particularly Britain , have moved “ substantially ” closer to losing their gilt - edged ratings .
The ratings are “ stable , ” but “ their ‘ distance - to - downgrade ’ has in all cases substantially diminished , ” the credit ratings agency said .
A downgrade would affect more than American pride .
The bigger risk would be to the country ’s ability to keep borrowing money on extremely favorable terms , and therefore to keep spending more money than it takes in from tax revenue .
by Miguel de Icaza
Every once in a while I would run into someone that will ask me what exactly we are up to in Mono .
As Mono becomes larger , and various big projects " land " into the trunk , we can no longer do releases on a monthly basis .
Some of the work that we do is inherently very attractive , things like new features , new libraries , new UIs and new frameworks .
But probably more important are the efforts to turn our code into programming system products : fixing bugs , testing it , packaging it , supporting it , writing documentation , test suites , improving error handling , scaling the software , making it faster , slimmer and backporting bug fixes .
I wanted to give my readers a little bit of an insight of the various things that we are doing at Novell in my team .
This is just focused on the work that we do at Novell , and not on the work of the larger Mono community which is helping us fill in the blanks in many areas of Mono .
MonoDevelop work
We just released MonoDevelop 2.2 , a major upgraded to our IDE story , and the backbone that allows developers on Linux to debug various kinds of Mono - based applications .
With support for the new Soft debugging engine , it has allowed us to support debugging ASP .
NET web sites , ASP.NET web services , Silverlight applications , Gtk# and Console applications with minimal effort .
Since the soft debugger leverages Mono's JIT engine , porting the soft debugger to a new architecture is very simple .
MonoDevelop 2.2 major goal was to create a truly cross platform IDE for .NET applications .
We are off to a solid start with Linux , Windows and OSX support as well as solid support for C# , VB , Vala and Python .
We are now turning our attention to MonoDevelop 2.4 .
This new release will incorporate many new UI touch ups which I will blog about separately .
MeeGo / Moblin Support
We have been working closely with the MeeGo ( previously Moblin ) team at Novell to offer a streamlined developer experience for developers on Windows , Mac and Linux to target MeeGo devices .
Developers will be able to develop , test and deploy from their favorite platform software for MeeGo devices .
Mono Service Pack
A service pack release of Mono 's enterprise supported ASP.
NET release is ahead of us and we will be upgrading Mono from release 2.4 to release 2.6 .
This will bring to our customers support for all of the new features in Mono 2.6 with the added benefit that it has gone through four months of extra testing and polish .
As part of this effort we are also upgrading the MonoTools for Visual Studio to support the new Mono Soft Debugger .
Runtime Infrastructure
Mono 's runtime is being upgraded in various ways : we continue to work on integrating LLVM [ 1 ] , productize our new copying garbage collector that can compact the heap , and make Mono scale better on multi-core systems with the integration of ParallelFX into Mono as well as re-architecting thread management and thread pools in Mono .
A big upgrade for Mono 2.8 will be the support for obfuscated assemblies that insert junk in dead blocks .
This is a feature that we never had , but with many Silverlight applications being deployed with these options we started work on this .
We are working to improve our support for F# and together with various groups at Microsoft we are working to improve Mono 's compatibility with the CLR to run IronPython , IronRuby and F# flawlessly in Mono .
Supporting
F# will require some upgrades to the way that Mono works to effectively support tail call optimizations . [ 1 ]
LLVM : better use LLVM to produce better code , use it in more places where the old JIT was still required and expand its use to be used for AOT code .
Mono for Mobile Devices
We recently shipped Mono for the iPhone and we continue to develop and improve that platform .
Our goal is to provide developers with a great experience , so we are doing everything in our power to make sure that every wish and whim of the iPhone developer community is satisfied .
We are working to expand our API coverage , write helper libraries to assist developers , tune existing .NET libraries to run on Mobile devices , reduce startup time , and reduce executable sizes .
But we have also just started an effort to ship MonoDroid : Mono for the Android platform .
This will include a comprehensive binding to the Java APIs , but accessible through the JIT - compiled , 335 - powered runtime engine .
Our vision is to allow developers to reuse their engine and business logic code across all mobile platforms and swapping out the user interface code for a platform - specific API .
MonoTouch for iPhone devices and the Monodroid APIs for Android devices .
Head - less Tasks
A big part of Mono 's effort is in the development kit : the compiler , the tools and the server side components .
Mono has now a complete C# 4.0 implementation that will be ready to ship with the next version of Mono .
Anyone can try it today by building Mono from SVN .
We are also porting our C# compiler to work with Microsoft 's Reflection .
Emit to enable us to run our C# Interactive Shell in Silverlight applications and to allow .NET developers to embed our compiler in their applications to support C# Eval .
Our MSBuild implementation is very robust these days , and it will be fully supported in Mono 2.8 ( and we will be backporting it to Mono 2.6 as well ) .
On the ASP.
NET front , we are working with third party vendors to certify that their controls work with Mono's ASP.
NET ( we will have some tasty announcements soon ) and we are also catching up to the new features that are coming with .
NET 4.0 .
WCF has turned out to be one of the most requested features .
We had historically only paid attention to WCF for its Silverlight / Moonlight use cases , but as time goes by , more and more users are moving to WCF .
We are working on completing our WCF support .
On the ADO.NET front our major focus has been to complete the support for LINQ to SQL as part of the DbLinq project that we are contributing to .
At this point we have no plans to implement Entity Frameworks due to the large scope of that project .
Moonlight 3
I do not need to say much about Moonlight 3 .
Moonlight 3 is one of our most visible projects right now due to the adoption of Silverlight and Smooth Streaming .
By the first week of Feburary there had been 610,000 downloads of Moonlight 2.0 for Linux .
This is only counting the downloads since the official release on December .
Policy Changes
Mono 2.6 was the last release of Mono to support the .NET 1.0 API profile .
With Mono 2.8 we are going to drop the class library support for 1.0 and ship both 3.5 and 4.0 assemblies .
With Mono 2.8 we are also switching the default tools and compiler to be 4.0 - based as opposed to be based on the 3.5 profile .
We will be doing a release of Mono 2.8 a couple of months after .
NET 4.0 ships .
Ciao !
The above probably reflects the main focus of the team in the past three months .
There are many community driven efforts that are very cool and that deserve their own space and a future blog post .
Things like the amazing work that was done on Qyoto and the Synapse IM client come to mind .
We look forward to a great year ahead of us .
If you are a regular reader of this blog , you would be aware of my new strategy of emptying out my pantry before I buy anything new .
My recipes are also mostly those which help me in this regard .
I have a list of about 58 recipes which make use of various stuff in my pantry .
I am checking them one by one .
It also sometimes happen that for certain events , I have no choice but to buy new ingredients .
Like for example - I had to buy Sweet rice flour and Tapioca Starch for making these gluten free Graham Crackers .
So one of the recipes for making use of Tapioca starch which I had made note of were these yummy lookingwhich are classic Brazilian cheese rolls .
Move To Assurance ( MTA ) :
We are changing our name to MOVE TO ASSURANCE and our new web site is www.MoveToAssurance.org.
What is the one thing you can give us that God can't ?
God has everything .
He will provide all we need .
But the one thing
He does n't provide is your prayer .
And we ask for that .
Please pray that we glorify
God in all that we do in this ministry .
We 're not very good at glorifying God , so we need all the prayer help we can get .
Thank you .
" Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have . "
- 1 Peter 3:15
Our purpose is to live in obedience to God , share the gospel and help equip the saints .
" And He gave some as apostles , and some as prophets , and some as evangelists and some as pastors and teachers , for the equipping of the saints for the work of service , to the building up of the body of Christ . "
- Ephesians 4:11,12
Move To Assurance is engaged in serving the Lord through teaching , leading and providing resources to equip the saints in America and around the world .
Move To Assurance DVDs :
We now offer ten DVDs .
All may be freely copied and shared with others
We have a series of DVDs about Genesis and creation that also serve as gospel tracts .
You may freely copy them and give them away .
DVD # 1 - This DVD includes two videos : Men And Dinosaurs looks at art from around the world , from about 1000 years ago , that depicts dinosaurs , and shows men and dinosaurs together .
You 'll be surprised at how much evidence there is just in the images people have made of dinosaurs .
This video is excellent for nonbelievers and those who believe in evolution .
The second video , Evolution and the Bible uses scripture to show that either the Bible is true or evolution is true , but they both can not be true .
This video looks at the Biblical facts and shows that the Bible and evolution are not compatible .
You 've got to believe one or the other .
They both can't be true .
It even shows that , based on what he said , Jesus believed in a young earth .
This video is excellent for Christians who believe evolution is true .
Running time : about 25 minutes .
Both videos include a strong presentation of the gospel .
They are both included on a single DVD .
Move To Assurance DVDs are available free .
We have also made a DVD called The Age of The Earth .
It includes a 30 minute video , three shorter videos , plus a podcast Plus we offer six other creation related DVDs .
Another of our DVDs is called Diablo Mountain .
It shows that all religions are works - righteousness , except the one true way ...
Christianity .
This DVD is available in both English and Russian versions .
The Diablo Mountain DVD looks at post modernism , Hinduism , Buddhism , Islam and Darwinism , and shows that only Christianity is true .
We are also working on a series of evangelism training videos .
The first is called " ( The Four Steps Of ) How To Share Your Testimony . "
This 25 minute video shows how to prepare for sharing your testimony ; it identifies the three parts of a testimony used for evangelism ; and it talks about when it makes sense to share your testimony .
You can watch this video online and take the associated quiz , by going to our main web site at : http://www.movetoassurance.com/mta-tv/how-to-share-your-testimony.php
" I know all the things you do , that you are neither hot nor cold .
I wish you were one or the other !
But since you are like lukewarm water I will spit you out of my mouth !
You say , ' I am rich .
I have everything I want .
I do n't need a thing ! '
You do n't realize that you are wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked . "
- Revelation 3:15 - 16 ( NLT )
Books By Our Staff ( Available on Amazon )
Is Sarah Young 's new devotional Christian , or a gateway to New Age teaching and practices ?
Learn the path Jesus lays out to true joy and happiness in the Beatitudes .
( Vol 1 in our Quick Commentary series . )
Learn why you should not only avoid the Jesus Calling devotional , but RUN from it .
Do n't have a lukewarm relationship with God !
Key Question :
This is the question that originally caused us to create this web site .
Why do many Americans claim to be
Christians , but do n't act like Christians ?
http://www.why-yachts.com/
The WHY , which is what this thing is actually called , is a 35,000 square foot monstrosity of the high seas offering all sorts of amenities to the discerning consumer .
$ 160 million is what this yacht - island hybrid will set you back , according to the Daily News .
But really does the price matter when you essentially kill two birds of the evil empire , a private island and a yacht , with one massive purchase ?
Whitehall has drawn up contingency plans to prevent a constitutional crisis in the event of a hung parliament at the general election .
The move comes as polls indicate that we could emerge from the election with no clear winner .
Under the proposals , parliament may have up to three weeks before reconvening , as opposed to the standard six days , to give the prime minister time to form a coalition government .
For the first time , the civil service will facilitate talks between parties .
While they will maintain their political neutrality , and will not offer policy advice , they will be able to advice on potential areas of overlap between the parties .
It has also been widely reported that Gordon Brown could remain prime minister even if the Tories win more seats .
The Guardian reports that senior Whitehall sources say it would be Brown 's duty to remain in place until it was clear that there was a successor capable of securing a majority .
The proposals are largely aimed at preventing a run on the pound , as the UK's AAA credit rating is already under threat .
Neil Montacre takes two of the family 's Pygmy goats for a walk in Portland , Ore. , last month .
Miniature goats , about 18 inches tall and weighing up to 60 pounds , are becoming popular , practical pets .
Enlarge By Alan S Weiner for USA TODAY Naomi Montacre pets Nellie in Portland , Ore .
She suggests goat owners build a shelter because the animals hate rain .
Herd the latest ?
Miniature goats , ' tame ' as dogs , blaze trails in U.S. neighborhoods
Looking for a pet that can live in your urban yard , answers to its name , wears a leash for strolls — and might produce milk you can drink or turn into cheese ?
Meet the miniature goat .
That 's the case goat fans are making to city officials across the USA .
Hillsboro , Ore. , held three community meetings this year , including one last week , to ask residents whether goats and chickens should be added to a list of acceptable pets .
City spokeswoman Barbara Simon says views run " more pro than con . "
The Carbondale , Ill. , Planning Commission was debating this month whether to allow residents to keep chickens when Priscilla Pimentel , a member of the city 's Sustainability Commission , added goats to the mix .
" If you can have a 250 - pound dog in town , why not a miniature goat that can produce milk ? " she says .
" It 's just common sense . "
The Planning Commission has n't made a recommendation yet .
BISON : ' Baby steps ' toward wider range to roam SHEEP , GOATS : More use grazing animals against weeds Depending on the breed , miniature goats can grow to about 18 inches tall at the shoulders and weigh up to 60 pounds , says Jim Hosley , who breeds Pygmy goats in Norco , Calif .
" We 've usually got a waiting list , " he says .
" They tame down really fast , and once they 're tame , they 'll follow kids around like a dog . "
His prices : about $ 275 for a male , $ 500 for a doe .
Dori Lowell of the National Pygmy Goat Association says that , despite their reputation as voracious eaters , goats are picky about their cuisine and prefer hay .
Only unneutered males have a strong odor , and goats can't really bite because they lack upper front teeth .
She recommends they be kept in an enclosure that 's at least 25 - by - 25 feet .
Stephen Zawistowski of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says it is " cautious " about the urban goat trend .
He worries they 'll fall out of favor like Vietnamese potbellied pigs have .
" My sense is it will get old for people pretty fast , " he says , and mini - goats will " end up in animal shelters or rescue sanctuaries . "
Jennie Grant does n't think so .
She 's a part - time copywriter and mom who collected 1,000 signatures in 2007 to help persuade Seattle to put tiny goats in the pet category .
Hers are a cross between Nigerian Dwarf and standard goats .
" They 're very friendly and curious .
They 're just funny , " she says .
In Portland , Ore. , where residents do n't need permits to keep up to three goats , Naomi Montacre says they 're " really easy to take care of . "
Nellie , Sebastian and Moon Shark live at her store , Naomi's Organic Farm Supply .
She suggests that anyone considering pet goats get at least two because they are herders and need company , and erect a shelter because they hate rain .
" They really like people and they think you 're part of their herd , but they do n't need you all the time , " Montacre says .
Debate over Fred and Barney , Nigerian Dwarf goats , played out in court in Matthews , N.C. , a Charlotte suburb .
After Tina and Rich Steiner brought the goats home , some neighbors complained that the goats were noisy and smelly and violated a prohibition on keeping livestock .
Fred and Barney moved temporarily to a farm , but they 're back home after a judge ruled Feb. 11 that the animals are pets .
" The Steiners walk them on a leash and have jackets for them .
The goats fetch balls , jump in their arms and swing in a swing , " says Aaron Lay , the couple 's lawyer .
" They are clearly household pets . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Note To Fox : Corellation Does Not Equal Causation Posted by Pile ( 10929 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Environment ]
[ Pundits ]
Right now large areas of the United States are blanketed by a snowstorm , and as predictable as the eventual accumulation of flies on a turd , the conservatives have come out of the woodwork to champion these atypical weather events as " proof " that there is no global warming .
Rachael Maddow and Bill Nye respond to the current trend using some amusing analogies ...
she 's cherry picking facts
Posted by she_makes_no_sense on 2010-02-12 23:16:42 what makes her observations more accurate than beck 's observations ?
there was an ice age and then then the planet warmed up ; perhaps it will cool down again ... ...
Posted by Anonymous on 2010 - 02 - 18 11:28:03 very scientific comment there .
Posted by Anonymous on 2010-02-20 11:22:15
Wow , bro .
You 're just ABOVE our level .
Maybe you should go to a smarter place for smarter people such as yourself .
And never come back ever .
Posted by Pile on 2010-02-26 14:17:17
Rachel is not acting as an expert .
She 's just pointing out the logical fallacy that Beck is using .
Unlike Beck , Maddow would have AN EXPERT on her show which is actually qualified to speak on the subject .
Posted by Hey Nonny Mouse Cow Herd on 2010-03-01 09:18:00
So , the next heatwave must be absolute proof of global warming ?
Right ?
Or are skeptics just , um , demonstrating that they do n't understand at all ?
Skeptical rationalist
Posted by Loren on 2010-03-08 06:36:44
So , which would you prefer to believe ... " facts " cherry picked by , Rachel ?
Beck ?
Scientists ?
I 'll go with the Scientists who cherry pick quantified data .
Now there 's a plum !
I 'll go with the Scientists who cherry pick quantified data .
Posted by RE : bob on 2010-03-09 03:03:23 why not go along with those who go church since they talk to God ?
as far as I can tell , those who think that global warming is stoppable would also say that we could have stopped the tectonic plates from moving ...
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
advertisement
advertisement
The best way to describe Architizer might be to call it a Facebook for architects .
That ’s probably simplifying things a bit , but for an undertaking like this , simple is key .
At Architizer ’s West Coast launch last week , the turnout was as diverse as
the thousands of projects represented on the site .
Hundreds of firms –from the big names to the no-names –have created profiles and uploaded
information about their work , including photos , credits , materials , even some
renderings or sketches .
Each project has its own dedicated page .
And–perhaps most critically –every location is
mapped in Google Maps so you can actually go see the building in real life .
I put the site to the test when I was looking for a recent project I needed to reference in a story ( as I often do ) .
Locating the project on the Architizer site took two clicks , compared to two minutes and four clicks to find the exact same information the architect ’s own Web site .
As more and more firms learn that the ability to find and share their projects trumps their own antiquated interactive experiences , I ’m hoping they ’ll put their projects here .
Though it ’s not the slickest - looking online destination , usability
is what makes Architizer such a welcome , needed tool for the industry .
Why ?
Because most architect Web sites suck .
Architects are the original interactive designers .
They ’re skilled at creating navigable structures .
They specialize in designing rich experiences for their users .
But if architects designed their buildings the way they designed their Web sites , they ’d all fall apart .
advertisement
Let ’s visit the site of what I would say is one of the world ’s smartest and most progressive architectural firms , Diller , Scofidio + Renfro .
Designed by Pentagram ’s Lisa Strausfeld , a celebrated interactive designer , their site is undeniably gorgeous .
It ’s pretty fun to zip through , too , with the images standing up like little structures themselves , giving me the feeling that I ’m swooping down over city blocks like Spiderman .
But if I ’m visiting your site , it ’s a good bet that I ’m not Tobey Maguire .
I ’m probably a wildly wealthy potential client who wants to send one of your past projects to my business partner .
Or maybe I ’m an architecture student who wants to quickly reference the location of one of your buildings on my phone so I can visit it .
If your site is like most architecture firm sites , I can ’t .
Most architects ’ sites rely on an animated technology like Flash .
While this is perfectly appropriate for some interactive experiences , is not what you want to be using if your site is –like most architecture firms ’ sites–a long list of projects that you want to be easily searchable .
Flash sites often rely on gimmicky navigation using images and rollovers instead of simple , clickable text .
And in general , a Flash - based site ca n’t generate a URL for each separate page .
So say you do end up finding the project you were looking for –you ’re not able to index or email it .
This is when you find yourself saying things like , “ Click on projects , then roll over the little museum icon , then click Michigan , then click on the floating image in the white square … ”
Can you imagine giving the same kind of directions inside , say , a building ?
advertisement
A Flash - less iPad sails into our hands as early as next month , making a real case for how companies who have relied on bells and whistles will have to rework their interaction strategies to make sure their sites can work across many different platforms and browsers .
But architects –perhaps the most design - savvy business people of all–suffer from an industry - wide anti-usability epidemic .
And the higher - profile the firm , the sorrier the site .
As a response to a design criticism exercise proposed by Leagues and Legions , a new think tank on models of architecture and design publishing , the site Over , Under examined a dozen top architectural firms sites after enabling Click - to - Flash , a Flash - blocking plug - in .
The result is a depressing gallery of mostly - blank screens , referring to the world ’s top architects by first name in a lonely , empty - screened roll call .
In fact , a quick survey of the past 15 years of Pritzker Prize winners reveals that out of 13 practicing architects ( two laureates have died ) only Lord Norman Foster ‘s and Lord Richard
Rogers ‘ sites provided easy navigation and proper URLs for each
project .
Something must happen to your interactive acumen when you get knighted .
Thom Mayne ’s Morphosis has one foot in each camp : I suggest
bypassing the completely useless official site Morphosis.com and going straight to the Morphophedia , a fun Wiki - like listing of projects
that ’s infinitely easier to use .
But the sites of four major architectural players – Jean Nouvel , Zaha Hadid , Renzo Piano , Rem Koolhaas ’ OMA–are
all completely Flash - reliant .
These use label - less maps , wordless
grids , sketches and other graphic devices with rollovers as navigation ,
with no easy way to locate or share projects .
Two sites took a full
minute to load .
One had –gasp ! –a pop -up window .
It was so 1998 !
And then there ’s this befuddling fact :
A surprising number of Pritzker laureates do n’t seem to have Web sites
at all .
But maybe in this case , that ’s a good thing .
advertisement
I ’m not saying that architecture firms should relinquish their
corporate sites in favor of a social networking platform .
In fact , I
can actually learn all I need to know about an architect just by taking
a quick look at their site .
The most un-usable architecture firm Web
sites are often exactly like the buildings those architects design :
Created to make a statement , rather than focus on everyday livability .
Perhaps they have to solve one problem before they can tackle the other .
Often curmudgeonly but always passionate defender of free speech and government transparency , New York architect John Young publishes a whistleblower document publishing archive called Cryptome.org
His latest domain name registrar and web hosting company , the giant Network Solutions has censored the entire site by removing the cryptome.org and cryptome.com domain names from their DNS , and placing the domain under a " Legal Lock " , after having been served with a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) takedown notice , alleging copyright infringement of a Microsoft document .
Domain ID : D7496146-LROR
Domain Name : CRYPTOME.ORG
Created On:25 - Jun-1999 14:58:29 UTC
Last Updated On:24 - Feb -2010 18:47:18 UTC
Expiration Date:25 - Jun-2011 14:58:29 UTC
Sponsoring Registrar : Network Solutions LLC ( R63 - LROR )
Status : CLIENT DELETE PROHIBITED
Status : CLIENT HOLD
Status : CLIENT TRANSFER PROHIBITED
Status : CLIENT UPDATE PROHIBITED
There is no excuse for censoring thousands of other web pages , from a major website , simply because there is a civil legal dispute ( this is not a criminal matter ) regarding one of them .
You can read the full story and other cryptome.org content via
http://cryptome.org.uk /
which currently points to
http://cryptomeorg.siteprotect.net/
This sort of censorship , without any fair trial in Court , is exactly the sort of thing we have to fear from disgraced , unelected , Labour Cabinet Minister Peter Mandelson 's wretched Digital Economy Bill - see the Open Rights Group for the latest news on this .
UPDATE :
We are happy to report that the censorship of Cryptome.org has ended , after less than 24 hours .
The disputed document is again available :
http://cryptome.org/isp-spy/microsoft-spy.zip
Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide February 20 , 2010 ( 1.6MB )
This probably now out of date document ( circa 2008 ) is full of strange concepts for United Kingdom " Communications Service Providers " with mention of Subpoenas or Warrants signed by Judges etc .
None of these apply here in the UK where such Communications Traffic Data is automatically requested via the " Single Point of Contact " using the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 and Data Protection Act 2000 section 29 requests
Such requests / demands are self authorised in secret by the hundreds of government organisations with the power to do so .
We suspect that Microsoft and other US based ISPs would be horrified by the European Union and United Kingdom governments ' mandatory Data Retention laws , which require data log file retention for a year .
There is a confirmatory nugget of information in the document :
4. In Site IP / Time / History Row
a . The Site IP / Time / History table is not updated if the user logs in again from the SAME IP address to the SAME Microsoft
site .
It only shows the FIRST login of the LAST day for the user , from the same IP and to the same machine .
b . There are many cases where end user IP address is hidden by ISP proxy server .
SIS shows the IP address of ISP proxy server , instead of real end user IP address .
So for the individual user information you can approach the ISP .
c. The table is limited to only the last 10 MS SITE and IP combinations .
You do know about the Tor onion routing proxy server cloud , do n't you ?
Will anyone now " leak " the equivalent policy document for Network Solutions ?
At first blush ( and second ) ( and third ) , marijuana advocate Mason Tvert and Jon Caldara , frontman for the conservative Independence Institute , are strange bedfellows .
But today , they 're partners in a legal love match .
They 're among the plaintiffs suing Colorado Secretary of State Bernie Buescher over laws intended to prevent fraud when collecting signatures for ballot measures .
( Read the document here . )
And arguing on their behalf is none other than attorney David Lane , who 's represented everyone from controversial former CU prof Ward Churchill to Ballon Boy dad Richard Heene .
" When the government puts down too many hurdles for you to jump over to engage in free speech , it 's a violation of the First Amendment , " Lane says .
Lane sees common ground between Caldara and Tvert when it comes to ballot initiatives .
" The far right has often been involved in the petition process , " he notes .
" They 've been behind a lot of these measures have gotten on ballots , like TABOR .
And medical marijuana got on the ballot via the petition process , too .
So these clients approached me and asked if , in my opinion , these laws were violative of the First Amendment .
I did the research , and I believe that they are . "
Most of the regulations in question have to do with the collection of signatures required for a measure to reach the ballot .
Those gathering such scrawls are required to be Colorado residents and can't be paid per signature delivered .
As Lane notes , supporters of these rules argue that stricter guidelines will keep petitioning on the up and up .
But he does n't buy it .
" There can be certain minimal regulatory requirements , " he concedes .
" Like when you want to have a parade in downtown Denver celebrating Columbus Day , you need a permit .
That 's a bit of a hurdle , but it 's considered reasonable by the Supreme Court because there has to be some order in the process .
And that 's similar in petitioning .
But this process is the purest form of free speech -- so you need a compelling governmental interest in regulating it , or else the government needs to get out of the way and let it happen .
" Now , the legislature allegedly is completely concerned about fraud in the signature - gathering process , so they 've thrown down hurdle after hurdle after hurdle to combat it .
But it 's pretty clear to me is that their real interest is in stopping what they see as harebrained petitions from making the ballot and mucking up the laws in the state of Colorado .
" The Colorado constitution mandates this form of direct democracy , which apparently offends people in the legislature , who are more comfortable with the idea of representative democracy . "
In Lane 's view , " the statutes in question really have nothing to do with fraud .
For example , why does a petition circulator have to be a Colorado resident ?
How does that stop fraud ?
Let 's say there 's a gay rights initiative being circulated in Colorado , and activists want to come here to gather signatures .
Do n't they have a First Amendment right to do that ?
" And why ca n't a sponsor of a petition pay circulators by the signature ?
That will incentivize them to get as many signatures as they can .
Right now , there 's a requirement that only 20 percent of their pay comes from the number of signatures they collect .
That means 80 percent of their paycheck can come from sitting in Starbucks taking a break , de-incentivizing them from gathering signatures .
So all of these things are designed to make it more difficult to gather the requisite number of signatures , not prevent fraud . "
What about the idea that paying collectors for each signature may inspire some to inflate their numbers , perhaps by phonying up information ?
" The Secretary of State still has to go through the ballots , " Lane points out .
" Anybody who wants to challenge the signatures can , and if some gatherer is out there making up signatures , presumably the Secretary of State will catch those frauds when reviewing the petitions .
They match them against addresses , they match them against signatures on record -- so fraud detection is n't affected by this .
And if a circulator is fraudulently making up signatures , that 's a crime , and you can prosecute that person .
Is n't that a big enough deterrent to making up signatures ?
Are n't the criminal laws already in place to prevent exactly that from happening ? "
In contrast , there 's no law in place to prevent Mason Tvert and Jon Caldara from being on the same page .
And lo and behold , in this case , they are .
OUR FOUNDER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
DEENA'S WORLD ( MD'S DESK )
Mrs. Deena Mehta has been an outstanding figure of power & respect in the world of investment management .
Smt. Deena Mehta is Chartered Accountant , Masters in Management Studies ( Finance ) , and Fellow Member of Securities and Investment Institute London .
She is the promoter of Asit C. Mehta Group of companies .
She is on the Board of Reliance Asset Reconstruction Company Ltd. , Reliance Home Finance Ltd , Reliance Commercial Finance Ltd , and Gandhar Oil Refinery ( India ) Limited as an Independent Director .
She has been former President of Bombay Stock Exchange and has the honour of being the first woman Director on Board of BSE as well as being the first woman President .
Deena Mehta is also a former director of National Payments Corporation of India ( NPCI ) .
She is the promoter director of Central Depository Services Ltd as well as South Asian Federation of exchanges , the association of stock exchanges of SAARC countries .
Know More
( Registration price goes up $ 75 on Monday night .
Sign up now ! )
Justify PICC to your boss
What is LOPSA PICC ?
http://www.picconf.org
Professional IT Community Conference :
Presentations , education , and fun .
IT and syadmin ( Linux / Unix , Windows , Networking & storage ) .
2 days , 1 night , conference .
Low price / high value .
Community - based , non-profit .
May 7–8 , 2010 @ Hyatt Regency New Brunswick , New Jersey .
KEYNOTES :
* David Blank - Edelman , “ How SysAdmins Are Portrayed in Pop
Culture ”
* Thomas A. Limoncelli , “ Smooth Operations : Stopping the
spiral of Emergency System Administration ”
* Eben Haber , IBM , “ System Administrators in the Wild : What
we ’ve learned from watching you ! ”
HALF -DAY TRAINING SESSIONS :
* “ Automating System Administration with Perl ” ,
David N. Blank - Edelman
* “ Essential IPv6 for Linux Administrators ” ,
Owen DeLong
* “ Help ! Everyone hates our IT department ” ,
Thomas A. Limoncelli
* “ IT Policies : Why IT Policies are needed and how to develop them ” ,
David Parter
* “ In Search of “ Senior ” ” ,
Brian Jones
* “ Intro to Powershell : Automate like a Wizard ” ,
Joseph Kern
* “ Introduction to Virtualized Storage Management ” ,
Jesse Trucks
* “ Next Generation Storage Networking : Beyond Conventional SAN and NAS ” ,
Jacob Farmer
* “ Time Management for System Administrators : A New Approach ” ,
Thomas A. Limoncelli
* “ What ’s New in IIS 7.0/7.5 ? ” ,
Steve Heckler
45 - MINUTE TALKS AND PRESENTATIONS :
* An overview of Google ’s technologies : GFS , MapReduce , etc .
* Budgeting for System Administrators
* Drupal On - Demand
* High Performance Computing across the WAN at NOAA
* How to stop hating MySQL : Fixing common MySQL myths
and mistakes
* Job-Hunting Skills for System Administrators
* Keeping Nagios Sane
* Mentoring : It ’s for everyone !
* Panel : Tech Women Rule !
Creative Solutions for being
a ( or working with a ) female technologist
* Technical Community Response for the Haitian Earthquake
* Using Hierarchical Protection Domains for Network Security
THE “ UNCONFERENCE ” :
* 12 timeslots where YOU pick the topic ! ( “ unconference ” )
PLUS all attendees receive :
* a 12 - month LOPSA membership / renewal
* a licence for Admin Arsenal ( a $ 1000 value )
* the awesome conference bag
FUN STUFF TOO :
* Friday night banquet and movie festival !
* All meals !
( Friday lunch only for people attending training classes )
$ 249 without half - day tutorials ( all meals except Friday lunch )
$ 475 with half - day tutorials and all meals ( $ 399 until March 22 !
Register now ! )
Where else can you find a regional conference with national speakers ,
hot topics that will help you advance your career , all meals included ,
and not have to travel 3,000 miles to get there ?
Find out more and register :
http://picconf.org
Twitter : @picconf
Facebook : http://picconf.org/facebook
Email : http://lopsanj.org/mailman/listinfo/picc2010-announce
RSS : http://lopsanj.org/events/picc10/feed
Nissan 's new all - electric vehicle , the Leaf , made a quiet appearance on Friday , showing off its nearly silent motor as it rolled about the Reliant Stadium parking lot and signaling what the city hopes may be the start of an electric movement on Houston 's streets .
Mayor Annise Parker and representatives from Nissan and Houston 's Reliant Energy were at the stadium to debut the car and offer details of their partnership , announced in November , to develop an electric - vehicle charging network around the city .
“ With ongoing research and development of wind , solar and electric fuel sources , we are on the cusp of becoming the alternative energy capital of the world , ” Parker said .
“ It is fitting that the city be a leader in increasing public awareness of environmentally friendly transportation alternatives like the Leaf . ”
Parker said Houston 's partnership with Nissan and Reliant will encourage residents to switch to zero emission vehicles and lower carbon electricity .
The city will add 25 electric vehicles to its fleet this year and will cut a number of its older , less fuel - efficient cars .
To support electric vehicles like the Leaf , which will be available in Houston toward year 's end , the city and Reliant are working to create an infrastructure that places charging stations in convenient locations .
Reliant will also be developing a system of support , including home assessments , for people installing home charging stations .
The stations will be compatible with other plug - in vehicles as well .
The city has 10 charging stations around downtown , installed last November as part of a pilot program with Reliant to promote Houston as an electric car town while gathering information about drivers ' charging patterns to use in expanding the system .
So far , the charging stations have clocked about 460 kilowatt - hours of use .
Steve Kobb , president of the Houston Electric Auto Association , said that is a small number but reflects how few electric car owners are on Houston roads .
He estimates that number as fewer than 20 , because for now it 's necessary to convert a conventional vehicle .
Gary Rasp of Plug -in Texas said that underscores the significance of the Leaf , an electric car that will be available on a commercial scale .
Still , Parker said the Leaf and other electric cars will have to be cost - competitive to attract Houston drivers .
“ We are a car city , and to have a true zero emission vehicle that appeals to a car culture , that 's what is going to be important , ” she said .
Nissan wo n't disclose the price of the Leaf until spring , but Mark Perry , director of product planning at Nissan , said the price will be comparable to a well - equipped family sedan .
The cars and home chargers also qualify for federal tax credits .
sharon.hong@chron.com
Make a grocery list and stick to it ?
That 's a piece of advice that 'll cost you a lot of money .
The theory , I guess , is that you 're so terribly prone to impulse buying that you can't be trusted to wander free in a grocery store .
The reality , though , is that you can save a lot of money if you can make yourself trustworthy .
I was actually taught to make a shopping list in school .
I think it was part of the health curriculum — the same unit where we learned the four food groups .
It came as part of a whole scheme that involved checking the grocery store ads , basing a menu around what was cheap , and then creating a shopping list for the week .
It 's an adequate shopping strategy , not so unreasonable for someone who works full time and can barely fit in a once - a - week trip to the grocery store .
But it means that you 're both paying more and missing out on the freshest , best - looking food .
I think of the alternative as " European - style " shopping , although it was perfectly ordinary in the United States as well , back in the days when people shopped at grocery stores , back before the invention of the supermarket .
It still works fine , though , even in a supermarket .
When I 'm buying groceries for the household , I shop almost every day .
Instead of planning a menu in advance , I go to the store and look around to see what looks good .
That way , I can get whatever 's fresh and cheap .
Meat in particular gets marked down as it approaches its sell - by date .
You can't do much with that sort of deal if you only shop once a week , because you wo n't want to be cooking meat a week after its sell - by date .
However , since I 'm going to cook it that same day , I 'm perfectly happy buying something on its sell - by date — at which point it 's often been marked down to a fraction of its regular price .
I rarely find such great deals in produce , but whatever 's local and in - season is usually cheap , and there 's no substitute for browsing in person for finding what looks best .
So , that 's what I do .
I may make a list to remind me of any regular items that I need to get , but then I look to see what looks good and what 's cheap .
Since I know I have a pantry full of staples , I 'm confident that I can make a meal out of whatever I find .
( I talk about those skills in Frugalize Any Recipe and Teach Yourself to Cook . )
It may seem like a lot of effort to go shopping every day , but it 's actually a quick and easy trip .
Since I 'm only getting a few items , it does n't take very long and I can do it on foot .
It 's easy to do — in fact , you can even combine buying cheap and fresh food with weekly shopping ( although you would n't want to stock up on meat close to its sell - by date ) .
All you have to do is trust yourself to go for good deals on real food instead of making impulse buys of stuff you should n't be eating anyway — and then be worthy of that trust .
The Tiger of Chemistry Fluorine - the gas of Lucifer .
Warning -
Under no circumstances should anyone but an expert experimental chemist attempt to replicate the work of Gore or Moissan .
Elemental fluorine is extremely dangerous and many fatalities resulted from early production methods .
The element fluorine is a pale greenish - yellow gas .
It occures naturally within some fluorite crystals .
Dark violet fluorite from Wölsendorf in Bavaria is called antozonite because the smell of ozone is apparent when crystals are fractured or crushed .
Violet crystals from Quincie , dep .
Rhône , France are similar .
In both cases the ozone is generated by the release of free fluorine from the crystal lattice .
The fluorine reacts with water vapour in the air , forming hydrogen fluoride and ozone .
A nasty combination .
The extreme difficulties in isolating fluorine can be gathered from this account :
Humphrey Davy of England : poisoned , recovered .
George and Thomas Knox of Ireland : both poisoned , one bedridden 3 years , recovered .
P. Louyet of Belgium : poisoned , died .
Jerome Nickels of Nancy , France : poisoned , died .
George Gore of England : fluorine / hydrogen explosion , narrowly escaped injury .
Henri Moissan of France : poisoned several times , success , but shortened lifespan .
The isolation of fluorine is credited to Moissan in 1886 , accounts below .
However , the endevours of George Gore in 1869 are worthy of reflection .
A skilled electrochemist , Gore appears to have been a big - bang experimentalist .
His preparation of explosive allotropes ( see explosive antimony ) , is an example of his interests .
He would have been fully aware of the dangers involved with fluorine .
Specifically , he would be know that the reaction of , as yet unseen , fluorine with hydrogen would be highly explosive and spontaneous .
The properties of fluorine had been predicted from its position on the periodic table , at the top of the halogens in a series of increasing reactivity .
Chlorine , the less reactive sister , when mixed with hydrogen , explodes with extreme violence if the mixture is exposed to light .
Gore would have known that , at all costs , the gaseous products of his electrolysis , fluorine and hydrogen , had to be kept apart .
Accounts of Gores electrolysis apparatus exploding because of an accidental leak are not credible .
Gore arranged that first gaseous meeting of these extreme elements ...
He liked explosions !
Gore had no difficulty in producing fluorine , using a molten silver fluoride electrolyte , the problem was its collection and containment .
Fluorine chemically reacts with just about everything , usually very vigorously .
He fashioned collection vials from platinum , palladium and gold .
All were destroyed .
Partial success was achieved using a carbon vial , which the fluorine attacked relatively slowly .
Gore was apparently able to transfer the gas into a stoppered vial carved from a fluorite crystal .
Then he arranged its meeting with the hydrogen he`d collected from the cathode .
Quite apart from the violence of the explosion , Gore was in an extremely perilous situation .
The hydrogen fluoride gas produced by the explosion could easily have poisoned him .
Moissan
This french chemist succeeded in the preparation , isolation and observation of the properties of fluorine gas ... also without being killed .
Moissans work also included spectacular electric arc methods of synthetic diamond production .
An account of his experiments of 1886 :
" I obtained the fluorine from a fluorine compound that had been added to a mineral having a low melting point and in which the fluorine compound dissolved readily .
The use of electricity produced the fluorine at the positive terminal .
Difficulty was experienced in getting any material for that terminal that would resist the chemical action of the gas .
After some failures , and four interruptions of work caused by severe poisoning , the following arrangement of apparatus proved fairly satisfactory .
Two electrodes were made from an alloy of platinum and iridium .
These were sealed into a platinum U - tube closed with caps made from the mineral fluorspar , the caps being covered with a layer of gum-lac .
The U - tube was chilled to 10 degrees below zero Fahrenheit to reduce the rate of the action of the fluorine on the platinum .
The first test made with the gas was to bring it in contact with the element silicon .
There was an immediate burst of flame , a gaseous product being formed . "
Ferdinand Frederic Henri Moissan died , aged 55 , in 1907 ; a year after recieving the Nobel prize for chemistry .
Here are a couple of interesting accounts of fluorine preparation & properties which detail Moissan`s apparatus -
From " A Text - Book of Inorganic Chemistry " by JR Partington , 1946 ( large graphics files )
From " Modern Inorganic Chemistry " by JW Mellor , 1934 ( large graphics files )
My own experience with fluorine has been solely with its compounds .
In particular , natural calcium fluoride crystals ( fluorite or fluorspar ) .
Also hydrofluoric acid , during a highly ill - advised " experiment " conducted in the clean room of a semiconductor manufacturer unwise enough to employ me ....
The glass and quartz - ware used in diffusion furnaces must be kept scrupulously clean to avoid contamination of the silicon wafers being processed .
Consequently it is periodically bathed in a mixture of hydrofluoric and nitric acids .
Full protection clothing was donned over normal clean room eyes - only - exposed garb , and a large silicon wafer ( complete with defective 4 Mb DRAMs ) was " carefully " thrown into the acid bath .
Nothing happened for about twenty seconds , as the HF attacked the silicon , heating up the wafer until a runaway reaction started .
The acid bath then erupted into a frightening boiling maelstrom , with the violent evolution of copious amounts of red and brown fumes of nitrogen oxides .
The complete destruction of high technology by the tiger of chemistry .
Splendid .
Note - Acid ready for disposal was used , production was not compromised , and no animals were endangered .
hard science
plausible technologies
realistic cultural development
a vast setting
10,000 + years of historical development
realistic exobiology
a myriad of strange characters and cosmic stories
Welcome to Orion 's Arm , a scenario set thousands of years in the future where civilization spans the stars .
Godlike ascended intelligences rule vast interstellar empires , and lesser factions seek to carve out their own dominions through intrigue and conquest .
Out beyond the edge of civilized space and the human - friendly worlds , adventure awaits those prepared to risk all .
Come join us in this ever - expanding collective worldbuilding effort .
Within the vast universe that is Orion 's Arm you will find :
MIT Stumbles on a Way to Print Flexible Coatings Made of Micromachines
A plastic skin impregnated with printed sensors could be wrapped around an airplane wing , for instance
For years scientists have seen Saturn 's rings as stable and slow to evolve — beautiful but , well , a bit boring .
Not anymore .
The most detailed imagery of the rings yet is giving a very different and dynamic feel to the orbiting bands of ice chunks , according to two new studies in this week 's issue of the journal Science .
By imaging the rings close up , in many wavelengths , and with unprecedented frequency , NASA 's Cassini orbiter has revealed a slew of surprises .
Among them are rings that rapidly rearrange themselves , high - speed collisions — not to mention an oxygen atmosphere .
" Here 's this giant crystalline structure , stretching two - thirds of the distance from Earth to the moon , and yet parts of it change on a monthly or weekly time scale , " said planetary scientist Jeff Cuzzi , from NASA 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , California .
The edges of the thickest of Saturn 's rings , A and B , for example , " kind of flop back and forth , sometimes pointing one way and sometimes another , sloshing around like water in a tank , " said Cuzzi , co-author of one the new studies .
These fast - warping edges , he said , underscore the newfound , fluidlike nature of the rings .
Also , recent studies have uncovered dozens of mysterious moonlets , several kilometers in size , bouncing around like bumper cars in the slim , outermost ring , called F .
" These cannonballs are whizzing through the F ring and colliding with things , " Cuzzi said .
" What are these things ?
Where did they come from ?
" This does n't strike us as a particularly stable situation . "
Oxygen Atmosphere Around Saturn Rings ?
Scientists were also surprised to find that the atmosphere around Saturn 's rings is largely made up of oxygen .
" Most people thought the ring atmosphere would be water molecules — H2O — and their breakdown products H [ hydrogen ] and OH [ hydroxyl ] , " Cuzzi said .
That the ring system would have the chemistry to turn hydrogen and hydroxyl into oxygen " was not foreseen by most . "
The discovery could help solve a long - standing mystery of Saturn 's rings : why some of them seem stained red .
Perhaps the color is imparted when metals in ring rocks interact with oxygen , he said .
On Earth we have a name for it : rust .
Saturn Rings Hold Keys to Planet Birth ?
Saturn 's rings seem to be much like the dusty , rocky disks around stars where planets form , said Cassini team member Larry Esposito , of the University of Colorado in Boulder .
If the ring system is in fact a reasonable facsimile for a planet nursery , Saturn may change our understanding of how planetary disks behave .
( Explore an interactive solar system map . )
Thanks to Cassini 's close - up view of Saturn 's rings , " we can see structures and phenomena that we would not have otherwise imagined existed in planetary disks , " said Esposito , co-author of one the new Saturn studies .
One such phenomena is clumping , which Esposito called one of the most surprising things he 's seen around Saturn .
Cassini images reveal that gravity temporarily binds rocky ice chunks together , forming superchunks perhaps 30 feet ( 10 meters ) across .
" The dynamics in the thicker A and B rings are much more complicated than we thought because of this clumpy nature , " he said , " and those rings are more massive than we'd thought .
" When you know the mass you can say something about the origins of the rings , " he said .
But that knowledge may have to wait until 2017 , when Cassini is to measure the rings ' masses as it plummets to destruction on Saturn .
Cycling enthusiasts tend to be a passionate bunch .
So it is not surprising that there are lots of questions about biking information on Google Maps forums .
One group , called googlemapsbikethere.org , has collected more than 51,000 signatures asking Google to add biking directions to its maps .
On Wednesday , the company is answering the call , offering biking routes in 150 American cities in Google Maps .
Google plans to unveil the service during the National Bike Summit in Washington .
The event will be followed by a group ride at the South by Southwest festival in Austin , Tex .
Bicycling advocates are , not surprisingly , enthused .
“ We think this is fantastic , ” said D.L. Byron , publisher of BikeHugger.com , a blog about bike culture based in Seattle .
“ It will open up reliable transportation options to cyclists . ” Mr. Byron said that while plenty of programs allow cyclists to upload their routes to the Web , no other service provides optimal directions for cyclists in urban settings , at least not on a national scale .
Mr. Byron predicted that the Google service would help to promote cycling as an alternative mode of transportation .
“ A lot of people would love to get on their bike but are afraid they wo n’t find a safe route , ” he said .
“ If you make these options more available to people , they will do it . ”
Much like the driving and walking directions on Google Maps , the service selects a route and calculates estimated cycling times after a user provides start and end points .
The routing algorithm attempts to select optimal directions that avoid freeways and busy roads and intersections , and take into account bike paths , bike lanes and bike - friendly streets .
They will seek to route around hills , whenever practical .
Google Maps will also offer a “ view ” geared for cyclists that will display bike - friendly routes .
A mobile version is likely to follow soon , said Shannon Guymon , a product manager for Google Maps Directions .
“ We feel pretty good about our routing model , ” Ms. Guymon said .
But Google expects to use input from users to help improve suggested routes over time , she said .
Google has teamed up with the Rails - to - Trails Conservancy , a nonprofit that creates networks of trails from former rail lines , to obtain information on bike trails in more than 150 cities .
As for cycling times , Ms. Guymon said the estimates are “ conservative . ”
“ If you are in good shape , you are going to beat these times , ” she said .
In San Francisco , the route from Dolores Park to the Golden Gate Bridge , through the Golden Gate Park Panhandle and along Masonic Avenue , suggests about 40 minutes .
Any riders who can do better ?
Inquiring minds are watching an interview with Gerald Celente who warns about the pending crash of 2010 .
Celente : " The crash of 2010 is going to happen as we are forecasting .
All the stimulus money from around the world is drying up and what are they going to do for an encore ?
We need a productive capacity .
You can't print your way out of this .
So whether it 's China , India , the UK , Japan , at some point the stimulus game runs out and the crash happens .
The Federal Reserve or anybody else in the United States Congress is n't going to stop it from happening .
They have Katrina quality rescue skills . "
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Who am I ?
I ’ve been using Ubuntu for almost five years now .
I ’ve offered some technical support on the Ubuntu Forums and been a moderator there off and on .
I ’ve maintained a new - user - targeted documentation site for every release of Ubuntu except the very first ( 4.10 ) .
I ’ve also contributed to a few official Wiki pages .
Even though nanotube did all the heavy lifting , I did help out a fair bit in at least the beginning stage of UbuntuZilla .
I ’ve filed bug reports at Launchpad .
I ’m not a programmer , but I feel I ’ve contributed a fair bit to Ubuntu .
Why I was drawn to Ubuntu
I admire a lot of what Mark Shuttleworth has done .
He has an enormous amount of wealth .
A lot of people who do n’t have a lot of wealth always think if they did that they would undoubtedly give away most of that money .
It ’s easy to give away other people ’s money .
It is not so easy to give away your own .
My parents are n’t nearly as rich as Shuttleworth .
Somehow , they managed to give a large percentage of their money away to church and to various charities , and still maintain a very comfortable upper - middle - class lifestyle .
My wife and I are struggling to make ends meet while also trying to give away to causes we deem worthy .
To sink millions of pounds into what could have been a dead - end project is a risk that I admire Mark Shuttleworth taking .
He could have been ridiculed .
He could have lost a lot of money on nothing .
He had a vision , though .
I liked that original vision .
I liked the free CDs shipped anywhere .
I liked the idea of one CD with one application per task , not a lot of confusing options , and sensible defaults .
More importantly , I liked the idea of Ubuntu — humanity toward others , which showed quite well in the Ubuntu Forums .
And Ubuntu was one of the few distros to try to strike a reasonable balance between the lofty ideals of Free software zealotry and the pragmatism of proprietarily - licensed software .
Where did Ubuntu go wrong ?
For a while , I had high hopes for Ubuntu .
Every release seemed to make Ubuntu more polished , every additional feature seemed to make Ubuntu more accessible for the Linux novice .
A few things that have come up recently have made me a bit disillusioned with Ubuntu , though :
These days , decisions and “ improvements ” seem more like arbitrary changes instead of actual user experience improvements .
Grub suddenly became less configurable , as did GDM .
Notifications would appear and randomly disappear at odd times ( for example , if my wireless reconnected , the notification would still say I was disconnected and then change to connected only about ten seconds after I ’d actually reconnected ) .
My bug reports have really come to naught .
A few years ago , if someone had complained on the Ubuntu Forums about a problem with Ubuntu , I would have been first in line to say “ Complaining here wo n’t do any good .
If you want to tell the developers , file a bug report . ”
After seeing that most of my bug reports have been unanswered or unfixed , sometimes for years , I do n’t know that filing a bug report is really the best thing to do .
Brainstorm is a mess .
Really , there is n’t an efficient way for developers to get proper feedback from users .
If I , as a user , ca n’t make sense of Brainstorm ’s thousands of ideas , how can the developers , who are busy developing ?
I ’ve seen too many hardware regressions .
A lot of this is n’t Ubuntu ’s fault .
A lot of this is upstream .
Regardless , upstream affects the Ubuntu experience .
The real problem is that the Linux kernel tries to support everything well .
There is n’t enough focus .
So something that is in theory supposed to be Linux compatible ( say , an Intel Pro Wireless 2200 bg card ) can work perfectly in one release , and then have random disconnects in the next two releases and then work perfectly again in the next release .
Personally , I ’ve had a Broadcom card that works and does n’t work in alternating Ubuntu releases , and that makes no sense to me .
If the problem is that hardware manufacturers are n’t making it easy for Linux developers to make drivers , then that hardware should never work .
If , however , the hardware works in one Ubuntu release and does n’t work in the next release , that is definitely the fault of Linux , whether it is the kernel team upstream or the Ubuntu team … or both .
Recent decisions have seemed to focus on whim or business more than user experience , particularly the change to Yahoo !
as the default search engine in Firefox and the random moving of the window control buttons from right to left .
I have no problem with change .
I also have no problem with Ubuntu making money .
But there seems to be an utter disregard for how changes affect users .
A little more communication would help .
More details here .
The most important thing is there does n’t seem to be a real strategy in place for fixing Bug # 1 .
Yes , there are power users who like to install their own operating systems and troubleshoot hardware compatibility issues .
In order for your product to take off , though , it ca n’t be just an operating system .
It has to be a product .
It has to be something people can purchase .
And the limited options from Dell ( which recommends Windows , even on the Linux parts of its website ) do n’t cut it .
They also are n’t created by Ubuntu .
They just use Ubuntu .
Recently , Google released the Nexus One as its idea of hardware matching perfectly the software in Android .
There is no Ubuntu equivalent .
There is n’t hardware designed to be the ultimate Ubuntu experience .
I ’ve heard various Ubuntu advocates propose making a Ubuntu commercial .
What ’s the point , though ?
If someone saw a Ubuntu commercial , she could n’t just go and buy Ubuntu , especially in certain countries .
The options are limited or non-existent .
And hardware compatibility is iffy ( Dell still uses Broadcom cards …
I have a Broadcom card in my Ubuntu preinstalled HP Mini , which HP no longer makes , by the way ) .
The straw that broke my camel back
This window button move in Ubuntu 10.04 is really indicative of a bad way Ubuntu is headed .
Defaults matter .
One of the things I liked about Ubuntu , as I stated before , is its sensible defaults .
I do n’t have to agree with everything the Ubuntu teams decide or that Mark Shuttleworth decides .
That ’s fine .
You want GIMP out …
I do n’t agree with it , but I at least understand the rationale behind the decision ( it takes up a lot of space on the disk , and most people do not need the crazy power - user features GIMP offers as a photo editor ) .
This decision about the window controls came out of nowhere and had no apparent rationale .
Instead of getting good reasons for the change , all we got was … nothing for a while .
We got some people saying “ Hey , it ’s different ” or “ Just get used to it ” or “ You can change it back easily if you want . ”
These are n’t reasons for a change .
These are coping strategies .
If a change happens , there should be good reason for it .
Look , I get Shuttleworth saying Ubuntu is not a democracy .
It does n’t have to be a democracy , though .
How about , as self - appointed benevolent dictator for life , just explaining why you made a decision ?
People do n’t have to agree with your decision , but at least if they have a reason for it , they are more likely to accept it .
How about , even though you have the power and right to not listen to people , just soliciting feedback ?
It took a lot of pressing from users to get Shuttleworth to talk a bit more about what kind of “ feedback ” and “ data ” he was looking for .
He said at least that the decision was n’t final , and he wanted genuine data .
Based on his remarks in this bug report , it really does seem , though , that he has made up his mind that this is what is going to happen , regardless of what data and feedback people present him with — especially when people present a lot of legitimate points against the move , and then he just replies “ And the major argument against it appears solely to be ‘ we ’re used to it here . ' ”
For more details on those legitimate points , take a look at this and this .
Democracy v. Dictatorship = false dichotomy
In case anyone ’s wondering , there are more than two options out there .
You do n’t have to put every decision to a vote .
And you do n’t have to totally disregard community input .
You do n’t have to try to please everyone or please no one .
And you do n’t have to be subject to mob rule if you offer a little transparency .
My advice to Shuttleworth for the future would be if you want to make a unilateral change , just be open about what your reasons are for it .
You can be a strong leader without pissing off large segments of your user base .
Just say “ I want to change this a bit , because I think it offers X , Y , and Z usability improvements .
I realize a change is difficult for everyone , and I also concede there are A , B , and C tradeoffs in making the change .
The tradeoffs are worth it , though .
Ultimately , the decision rests with me and the desktop experience team .
Nevertheless , I would like to hear your concerns about the change , and the best way for you to communicate your concerns is through methods D and E. ”
Would that be so difficult ?
Any time you make a change , there will always be some people unhappy about it .
You can still make the process a little less heated with just some communication and openness .
After all , on your webpage , you say “ Ubuntu is a community developed operating system that is perfect for laptops , desktops and servers . ”
Your millions of pounds help make Ubuntu happen .
We all know that .
Keep in mind that it would behoove you to not piss off your user base , as the success of Ubuntu ca n’t be bought with pounds alone .
Millions of users contribute to Ubuntu in many ways as well .
Why Mac ?
When I voiced opposition to this latest change in Ubuntu , I got a lot of “ Ubuntu is not a democracy ” and “ You can always use something else . ”
Well , as I just explained , you can very well have a non-democracy that is still community - focused .
I hope Mark Shuttleworth will reconsider for the future his approach to communicating ( or not communicating , in this instance ) with the larger Ubuntu communities .
Really , though , if I ’m going to be using an operating system maintained by a dictator , I might as well go for one who understands that 1 ) hardware and software planned together make for a better user experience and 2 ) even if users do n’t agree with his design decisions , he should still have rationales for those decisions .
I ca n’t even tell you how many design decisions I disagree with Apple about ( resize only from bottom right corner , zoom instead of maximize , disk image mounting for software installation , dock icons in poof of smoke when dragged off dock , etc. ) .
You know what , though ?
Each one of those decisions I disagree with I also understand the rationale for .
More importantly , I like how Apple does n’t like to tackle too much at once .
Instead of trying to support all hardware and then having regressions on various theoretically “ supported ” devices , Apple realizes it ’s better to have a great experience on a limited number of devices .
And the attention to detail is impressive .
The magnetic cord I love .
I am a total klutz and ca n’t tell you how many cords I ’ve ruined by tripping on them or tugging them the wrong way .
In fact , I just broke my HP Mini cord this weekend and had to order a replacement cord .
Not so with the magnetic cord on my wife ’s Macbook Pro .
When the Macbook is sleeping , the power light fades slowly in and out instead of doing a hard off and on blink .
The power button is flush with the frame of the laptop and not jutting out .
The sound quality is always good on Mac laptop speakers .
There ’s a lot to admire about Apple approach .
It is one great way to present an integrated hardware - software computer experience .
My hope was that someone would present another great way .
We ’ll see if that ever happens .
Am I abandoning Free software ?
Not really .
First of all , I do n’t know that I ’m going Mac .
Macs are expensive , so I ’d have to save up for one .
Even if I do go Mac , though , my Mac experience would be very different from my wife ’s Mac experience .
For one thing , I might dual - boot with Linux Mint .
And even if I stick with Mac OS X , I will use Thunderbird instead of Mail , Firefox instead of Safari , OpenOffice instead of iWork , and my Android phone instead of an iPhone ( Cyanogen ’s rooted rom has made me really appreciate the Android platform even though the iPhone has its advantages too ) .
No change has to be permanent , though .
If Ubuntu comes around or changes the way it does business , or if some other Linux distro focuses its energy on preinstallation and proper marketing / distribution , and thorough hardware compatibility testing on a few select models , I might make my way back .
In the meantime , if I go Mac , do n’t worry — I ’ll still be making my Ubuntu tutorials .
A bad decision though the window control switch is , it ’s probably not bad enough for most Ubuntu users to actually abandon Ubuntu at this point .
For me , it was a tipping point .
It ’s been a good five years .
Show full PR text
Production Version of 2011 Honda CR - Z Sport Hybrid Coupe Makes Official Debut
All - new hybrid model set to go on sale in the U.S. this summer
DETROIT , Jan. 11 , 2010 – The all - new 2011 Honda CR - Z sport hybrid coupe , making its U.S. production debut at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit , introduces sleek styling and sporty handling to the hybrid segment , American Honda Motor Co. , Inc. , announced today .
" The CR - Z is a personal sport hybrid coupe for people with a spirit of adventure and an elevated sense of responsibility toward the environment , " said John Mendel , executive vice president of sales for American Honda .
" It 's the first hybrid designed to maximize style and fun , in addition to efficiency and economy . "
Set to go on sale late summer in the U.S. , the CR - Z is powered by a 1.5 - liter i-VTEC engine with Honda 's compact and lightweight Integrated Motor Assist ( IMA ) hybrid-electric system .
The two - passenger CR - Z introduces a new three - mode drive system that allows the driver to select between Sport , Econ ( Economy ) and Normal driving modes .
The exterior 's distinctive " one- motion " wedge form originates from its low - slung hood to form a broad forward stance .
A side profile with a deeply inset beltline conveys a dynamic tension , while the short wheelbase and large , wide front grille accents the vehicle 's athletic presence .
The futuristically styled interior offers a high - tech appearance and ergonomically intuitive controls .
Instrument panel meters illuminate with a three - dimensional , vibrant blue color theme resulting in a multi- layered appearance .
Set against a motif of textured black materials and aluminum - style trim accents , the upper portion of the dashboard extends toward the driver to provide a wrap - around cockpit environment .
The passenger zone offers an open , comfortable space .
Premium sport - oriented cloth seats are designed to provide excellent lateral support along with everyday driving comfort .
A mid-ship console behind the front seats optimizes cargo space .
A hard - shell separator can be closed to create additional hidden storage .
The two trim levels include the well - equipped CR - Z and the feature - rich CR - Z EX .
A six - speed manual transmission is standard equipment and a Continuously Variable Transmission ( CVT ) is available .
Standard features on the CR - Z include Vehicle Stability Assist , an AM / FM / CD / USB audio system with six speakers , automatic climate control , power windows and door locks , remote entry , cruise control , and more .
The CR - Z EX adds , High - Intensity Discharge ( HID ) Headlights with Auto - On / Off , fog lights , a 360 - Watt AM / FM / CD premium audio system with seven speakers including subwoofer , Bluetooth ® HandsFreeLink® , perforated leather - wrapped steering wheel , center console with an armrest and storage compartment , and more .
The CR - Z EX is available with the Honda Satellite - Linked Navigation System [ 1 ] with voice recognition .
The CR - Z represents the sixth unique version of Honda 's original IMA technology since the launch of the 2000 Insight , the first hybrid vehicle available in North America in December 1999 .
The foundation of the CR - Z's hybrid powertrain is a 4 - cylinder , 16 - valve , single overhead cam engine with " intelligent " Variable Valve Timing and Lift Electronic Control ( i- VTEC ) that receives additional power from the IMA system 's DC brushless electric motor .
The i-VTEC system controls the opening and closing of one intake valve per cylinder to enhance combustion at low RPMs .
The 10 - kilowatt electric motor assists in acceleration and also acts as a generator during braking or coasting to capture kinetic energy that recharges the 100 - volt IMA nickel - metal hydride battery pack .
The gasoline engine can automatically turn off during vehicle stops to improve efficiency .
The system delivers a combined peak output of 122 horsepower [ 2 ] at 6,000 rpm and 128 lb - ft. of torque2 at 1,000 to 1,500 rpm ( 123 lb - ft on CVT - equipped models ) .
Preliminary fuel economy estimates are anticipated to result in a rating of 36 city / 38 highway miles per gallon [ 3 ] on CVT - equipped models .
Manual transmission models are anticipated to achieve an EPA - estimated fuel economy rating of 31 city / 37 highway miles per gallon3 .
The CR - Z is rated as an Advanced Technology Partial Zero Emissions Vehicle ( AT - PZEV ) in states that adhere to California Air Resource Board ( CARB ) ZEV standards ( EPA Tier 2 , Bin 2 in all states ) .
The standard six - speed manual transmission is engineered for optimal acceleration performance in gears one through five and for optimal fuel economy in sixth gear .
When starting on steep inclines from a stop , hill start assist temporarily prevents the vehicle from rolling backwards during the moment between releasing the brake , depressing the throttle and releasing the clutch ( for a duration of approximately 1.5 seconds ) .
The available CVT provides the convenience of an automatic transmission with a seamless transition between minimum and maximum ratios , while also keeping the engine within an optimal RPM range for overall efficiency .
To increase the performance potential of the CVT , paddle shifters located on the steering wheel allow the driver to manually simulate the stepped holding pattern .
In Sport mode , the paddle shifters will hold and maintain a selected ratio .
The CR - Z's three - mode drive system allows the driver to select between individual modes of performance for Sport , Normal and Economy driving styles .
The system is activated via three backlit buttons to the left of the steering wheel .
The Sport mode enhances multiple vehicle systems for performance including the engine throttle responsiveness , electric power steering effort and the electric motor power assist .
The inner ring of the tachometer illuminates red when the vehicle is in Sport mode .
During Econ mode operation , the engine 's responsiveness is tuned for optimal economy , the electric motor assist gives priority to fuel efficiency and the air conditioning system can reduce its overall load on the engine .
The inner ring of the tachometer transitions between blue and green when the vehicle is in Econ mode , with the green representing more ecological driving .
Normal mode provides standard settings for steering , engine response , motor assist and air conditioning .
The tachometer ring remains blue in normal mode .
Like the Honda Insight , the CR - Z offers an Eco Guide and Eco scoring feature to help drivers track progress of efficient driving styles .
The front MacPherson strut suspension and rear H - shaped torsion beam suspension settings are tuned to provide a sporty , solid and dynamic driving experience .
All models are equipped with 16x6 - inch aluminum wheels with 195/55 R16 86 V tires .
Accessory 17x7 alloy wheels with 205/45R17 84V tires with are available .
The standard anti-lock braking system ( ABS ) with electronic brake distribution ( EBD ) uses ventilated front discs and solid rear discs .
The low vehicle height and placement of the battery and other hybrid components beneath the rear cargo area further contribute to a low center of gravity , which is key to the new CR - Z's responsive , sporty handling .
Electric power - assisted rack - and - pinion steering enhances steering performance and improves efficiency .
In addition to being environmentally responsible , the CR - Z demonstrates a commitment to safety in its design and construction .
The Advanced Compatibility Engineering™ ( ACE ™ ) body structure helps protect vehicle occupants in a frontal collision .
Additional safety technologies include standard dual - stage , multiple - threshold front airbags ; standard front - side airbags with passenger - side Occupant Position Detection System ( OPDS ) ; side - curtain airbags , active head restraints ; an anti-lock braking system ; a tire pressure monitoring system ; and a pedestrian injury mitigation design in the front of the vehicle .
[ 1 ] The Honda Satellite - Linked Navigation System™ is available on the CR - Z EX in the United States , except Alaska .
Please see your Honda dealer for details .
[ 2 ] Preliminary estimate provided by Honda .
Final specification is subject to change .
[ 3 ]
Preliminary EPA mileage estimates determined by Honda .
Final EPA mileage estimates not available at the time of printing .
Use for comparison purposes only .
Do not compare to models before 2008 .
Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle .
Johan Harju and Linus Omark leave Dynamo Moscow ( Photo © khl.ru )
Swedish players Johan Harju and Linus Omark decided to leave KHL and Dynamo Moscow .
Both players had an out clause in their contract after the first season and they decided to use it .
“ I was happy about the KHL , but one season is enough ” , Johan Harju told Aftonbladet .
“ Not everything went according to my plans .
There was the possibility to walk away from the contract with Dynamo after the first season and I decided to do so .
I ca n’t say anything about my future right now , we ’ll see . ”
Harju finished the season with four goals and 18 points in 55 regular season games , while he scored one goal in two playoff clashes .
Omark scored more in the regular season , 20 goals and 36 points , but was pointless in the post season .
Statists on the right are perhaps most likely to oppose anarchism because they fear that the institutions of a stateless society would be unable to maintain order and resolve disputes peacefully .
Statists on the left , by contrast , may object to anarchism because they are concerned that economically vulnerable people would suffer without the state to provide them with economic support and vital services .
All of the following points ( in making which I draw on insights gleaned from Roderick T. Long , Charles Johnson , Kevin Carson , David Friedman , and others ) ought to figure , I think , in an anarchist response to this objection :
States do n’t treat recipients of their aid well .
It ’s important to avoid comparing idealized state practice with imaginary worst - case practice in a stateless society .
If we focus on actual state practice , we find that poor people are not served particularly well by the state , and that states routinely intrude into the lives of recipients of state assistance , violating people ’s privacy and seeking to regulate their behavior .
The state ’s performance sets a very low standard .
States actively make and keep people poor .
Licensing laws , zoning regulations , and similar restrictions make it hard for poor people to enter particular job markets and to operate businesses out of their homes .
Without the state to put these kinds of restrictions in place , people would be less likely to be poor .
States raise the cost of being poor .
Building codes and zoning regulations raise the cost of housing , and so make it harder for people to find inexpensive homes .
Some people are forced to live without permanent housing at all , while others must spend much larger fractions of their incomes on housing than they otherwise would .
Agricultural tariffs raise the cost of food , the most significant portion of anyone ’s budget .
Without the state to make meeting their basic needs unnecessarily expensive , poor people would have more disposable income and would be more economically secure .
States actively take money from poor people .
Many poor people pay more in taxes than they get back in services under the state 's rule .
These people would have more resources , net , in the absence of the state 's demand for tax money .
Support for poverty relief does n’t just come from tax funds now , and there ’s no reason to think no one would support poverty relief efforts absent the state .
People give money to charitable causes over and above their tax bills today , despite the huge sums the state claims .
There 's no reason to think they would n't do so in a stateless society .
It is naïve to suppose that the wealthy and powerful are opposed to state funding for services to the poor at present ; the poor have far less clout than do the wealthy and powerful , and yet the state provides minimal services for poor people .
There is no reason to suppose that wealthy and well connected people willing to see the state spend their tax money to support services for the poor would be dramatically less willing to contribute to the support of such services without the state .
( Why do people give money to good causes , including voluntary programs that help the poor ?
Why do wealthy and well connected people endorse state spending on programs that provide services to poor people .
Presumably for a combination of reasons , including [ in no particular order ] compassion , social norms , the desire for good reputations , the desire to avoid bad reputations , and the desire to avoid social disorder .
All of these reasons would be operative in a stateless society . )
In a stateless society , less money would be spent obtaining key services .
Without the state , there would n't be taxes , and what are now state - provided services would be available on the market and thus in most cases less expensively .
The state does a range of things ( notably requiring professional licenses , hospital accreditation , and prescriptions and enforcing drug and medical device patents , and other restraints on trade ) to make particular services , like health care services , especially expensive .
Without state interference , basic services would be less expensive and more available .
In addition , some services ( think a bloated military ) would n't be part of the picture at all .
So people would have more disposable income than at present .
This means both that people with limited incomes would be better off and that people with more money would have bigger disposable incomes from which to give to support good causes ( recall , again , that lots of people do this today even while paying taxes ) .
The absence of the state would make everyone richer .
The state 's subsidies and regulations drive down the overall productivity of the economy .
So , again , there 's good reason to believe that , in its absence , people , including members of the working poor , would be wealthier on average than they are today .
Again , this means both that poor people would have more money and that those in a position to help them would , too .
Mutual aid networks could provide many of the services well intentioned statists want the state to offer .
Societies in which people pooled risk and provided pensions , health care , and other services functioned effectively before the rise of state social services , and there 's no reason to think they could n't again without the state — and , indeed , would n’t function much better given that people would have access to more resources and that the state was n’t on - hand to regulate them out of existence .
Rectification for state - committed and state - sanctioned wrong - doing would significantly decrease poverty .
Politically privileged elites have stolen land and resources from poor , working class , and middle class people .
To the extent that land and other resources were made available for homesteading or returned to those from whom they were taken , there would be a significant shift of income to people currently limited in resources .
Structural changes would make poverty less likely .
Rules that made it harder for absentee landlords to sit on undeveloped , uncultivated land would open up this land for homesteading by people with limited resources and thus provide them an avenue to greater economic security .
Eliminating props for hierarchical corporations would increase the likelihood that people could enjoy the job security associated with working for themselves ( with less risk than accompanies being an independent contractor in a less healthy economy ) or in partnerships or cooperatives and that , when they did work for others , they could bargain successfully for better compensation .
Overview
Disk Space Fan 4 is a fast disk space analyzer and duplicate file remover software .
It helps you to free up disk space by quickly finding and deleting big files .
It displays disk space usage with a eye - candy ring chart and dynamic animation .
You can navigate the folders easily with the ring chart .
It integrates well with Windows file explorer to open , delete and browse files and folders .
Fantastic Visualization
Disk usage visualization with fantastic animation .
Managing disk space is no longer a dull work .
Finding Big and Duplicate Files Easily
Folders and files are sorted by their size .
Duplicate files are side - by - side listed .
Various types of filters can apply .
You can catch " bad guys " easily .
After plugging away for some time at two dimensional invisibility cloaks , researchers have begun experimenting with a cloak that can obscure its contents in three dimensions .
While the device only works in a limited range of wavelengths , its relative success should help keep the field moving forward .
The invisibility cloaks mentioned among scientists are not really turning anything invisible , but rather playing tricks with the light , misdirecting it so that the objects they encase cannot be seen .
Normally , the cloaks only work in two dimensions , so just by changing your point of view a bit , the cloak will become obvious — a limitation scientists want to overcome .
The 3D cloak in this case is made of woodpile - structured photonic crystals that can redirect light of wavelengths around the size of the crystals ' rod spacing .
Researchers spread the cloak over a trough - like depression in a gold sheet over a glass surface .
They found that while the crystals could n't hide the trough perfectly , they were able to significantly diminish its presence , even when the point of view was shifted .
However , the cloak was only able to misdirect light in the 1.5 to 2.6 micrometer range , corresponding to near infrared rays .
While crystals tailored to the visible range would do little to fool the human eye , a infrared cloak could probably fool a security detection system pretty easily .
At any rate , it could at least make the object it covers look more like an anomaly than an approaching threat .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1186351 ( About DOIs ) .
Go.USA.gov is a URL shortener that lets government employees create short .gov URLs from official government domains , such as .gov , .mil , .si.edu , .fed.us , or .state.xx.us URLs .
Registration is limited to people with .mil , .gov , .fed.us , .si.edu , and .state.xx.us e-mail addresses .
Create a new account .
If you are a government employee , but are unable to register for a new account , please contact us .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
John Hollenhorst reporting
There 's been quite a stir over the last few days over what may be a unique and historic old photograph .
It purports to be the only photo ever discovered of Joseph Smith , who 's revered by millions as the founder of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
There 's been a storm of e-mail about the picture , with people forwarding their forwards to everyone they know .
The photo actually surfaced in 1965 , and then again in 1994 .
Although no religious authorities have vouched for its authenticity , some people are suddenly taking it pretty seriously .
The photo making the rounds by e-mail is a polished - up enhancement .
The original daguerreotype first surfaced in 1965 in Independence , Missouri .
It was donated to the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints -- now called the Community of Christ -- by a woman who believed it was an old picture of Joseph Smith .
Arizona author and researcher S. Michael Tracy said , " She purported that she was a distant family relative .
We can't prove that . "
Tracy has been studying the image for years , ever since it was rediscovered in RLDS archives in 1994 .
He 's about to publish a book on his findings .
Many other alleged Joseph Smith photos have been discredited by experts .
" Of all the different images , this is the only one that matches up forensically with what we know of Joseph Smith 's anatomy , " Tracy said .
He says his forensics team compared anatomical points in the photo with a death mask made at the time of Smith 's murder , and with photos of Smith 's skull taken when his remains were exhumed in the 1920s .
There also were two sets of measurements of Smith 's live skull , one made during a Joseph Smith visit to Philadelphia in 1839 and ' 40 .
" Even had his head measured by phrenologists in Philadelphia .
Well , there 's a photographer about two blocks from there .
His style is similar .
We think that could be the place where this photograph was taken , " Tracy said .
Tracy says he found 32 points of anatomical comparison .
" His anatomy matches up perfectly with this image , " Tracy said .
He agrees there needs to be more study of the image .
" In fact , we invite more people to come and study this image , " he said .
If the photo is ever authenticated , it would be so significant to members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints that most Utahns would likely be seeing it for the rest of their lives .
But its existence has been well - known to insiders of two churches for more than a decade , and neither is willing to vouch for its authenticity .
We 've seen many images of Joseph Smith over the years , but all have been the work of painters , sculptors and illustrators .
In his journals , Joseph Smith wrote he once had his image taken .
But a daguerreotype -camera image has never turned up .
In the last few days , an e-mail explosion raised excitement about this image supposedly taken not long before Joseph Smith 's murder in 1844 .
" I immediately suspected it was a hoax , " said attorney Brent Baker .
Baker has experience with rare documents and consulted about the picture with an expert he knows within the Church .
" He said , ‘ Do n't jump to the conclusion that it 's a hoax , ' " Baker said .
The Community of Christ has tried to authenticate the photo but never has vouched for it publicly .
The LDS Church in Salt Lake says it has no opinion whatsoever , but Baker says church experts told him they take it seriously enough to wonder -- and he now thinks it 's real .
" It would be , I think , for observant members of the Church , a wonderful thing to have a picture of the Prophet Joseph Smith , " Baker said .
" It 's sort of like a little bit of icing on the cake , like finding that picture of your great grandfather that you never knew you had . "
Historian Will Bagley said he first saw the picture at least five years ago and believes it 's a picture of someone else .
" The best experts I 've talked to about this reject it because the clothing is n't appropriate , and also it 's a picture of a very thin man , " he said .
" And it has some problems in how little it looks like any other image of Smith that we have . "
But Baker says , " Until someone proves this wrong , there 's a good chance that this could be a picture of the Prophet Joseph Smith . "
Why the sudden flurry of excitement for an old picture ?
Frankly , we 're not sure .
Tracy says he hopes his upcoming book will bring more experts into the discussion .
E-mail : jhollenhorst@ksl.com
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : wai - 0.0.0 ( Web Application Interface )
Hello all , I 'd like to announce the first release of the Web Application Interface package [ 1 ] .
The WAI is a common protocol between web server backends and web applications , allowing application writers to target a single interface and have their code run on multiple server types .
There are two previous implementations of the same idea : the Network .
Wai module as implemented in the Hyena package , and Hack .
Some distinguishing characteristics of the wai package include : * Unlike Hack , this does not rely upon lazy I/O for passing request and response bodies within constrained memory .
* Unlike Hyena , the request body is passed via a " Source " instead of Enumerator , so that it can easily be converted to a lazy bytestring for those who wish .
*
Unlike both , it attempts to achieve more type safety by have explicit types of request headers , response headers , HTTP version and status code .
*
It also removes any variables which are not universal to all web server backends .
For example , scriptName has been removed , since it has no meaning for standalone servers .
This package also contains separate modules for conversions to and from Sources and Enumerators .
I am also simultaneously releasing two other packages : web - encodings 0.2.4 [ 2 ] includes a new function , parseRequestBody , which directly parses a request body in a WAI request .
It handles both URL - encoded and multipart data , and can store file contents in a file instead of memory .
This should allow dealing with large file submits in a memory - efficient manner .
You can also receive the file contents as a lazy bytestring .
Finally , wai - extra 0.0.0 [ 3 ] is a collection of middleware and backends I use regularly in web application development .
On the middleware side , there are five modules , including GZIP encoding and storing session data in an encrypted cookie ( ClientSession ) .
On the backend side , it includes CGI and SimpleServer .
The latter is especially useful for testing web applications , though some people have reported using it in a production environment .
All of the code is directly ported from previous packages I had written against Hack , so they are fairly well tested .
As far as stability , I do n't expect the interface to change too drastically in the future .
I am happy to hear any suggestions people have for moving forward , but expect future versions to be mostly backwards compatible with this release .
Also , future versions will respect the Package Versioning Policy [ 4 ] .
Thanks to everyone who contributed their input .
Michael [ 1 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/wai [ 2 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/web-encodings [ 3 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/wai-extra [ 4 ]
http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Package_versioning_policy
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100304/f6411985/attachment.html
Apple on Monday added the ability for customers to send an iPhone , iPod touch or iPad application to another person as a gift when purchasing software through iTunes .
By clicking the drop - down menu next to " Buy App " in iTunes , users now have a new option entitled " Gift This App . "
Selecting it accesses the " Give a Gift " page , which allows users to type in the recipient 's name and e-mail address .
It also gives the opportunity to add a personal message of up to 500 characters .
The gift can then be printed and physically delivered , or e-mailed to the recipient via the automated form .
Gifts can only be redeemed in the store country from which the gift originated .
Users first noticed the new feature Monday when Apple updated its App Store Terms & Conditions .
The update added a " Gifts " section to the App Store terms , while modifying them in the iTunes store .
Europeans are blaming financial transactions arranged by Wall Street for bringing Greece to the brink of needing a bailout .
But a close look at the country 's finances over the nearly 10 years since it adopted the euro shows not only that Greece was the principal author of its debt problems , but also that fellow European governments repeatedly turned a blind eye to its flouting of rules .
Though the European Commission and the U.S. Federal Reserve are examining a controversial 2001 swap arranged with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , ...
Halló humans on the Inter - net .
My name is Iceland .
I am an island , full of mountains and glaciers and hot water and sheep and many nice Icelandic people , who like to make music , and who are sometimes cold .
( Maybe you have seen me on your tele - visions , or your Inter - net . )
I have heard that many humans use the Inter - net to make friends , and to talk about themselves .
I decided to do this , too .
I stay put in the middle of the ocean , but here are my Inter - nets for you to klikk on with your mouse or your finger :
*** Would You Like to Be My Friend ? ***
I know you are probably very busy doing important things , but if you want to be my friend , you can .
What is your name ?
What is your email address ?
Where in the world are you ?
Klikk on this button
I promise that nothing bad will happen to you .
See you soon ,
— Iceland
Legal scholar on the ‘ criminal justice system ’ in the U.S. Michelle Alexander gave this extremely sad and illuminating interview to Amy Goodman and Juan Gonzalez at Democracy Now !
highlighting the extensive racism in the framing and execution of law enforcement .
She ’s written the book , The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness , and is touring the lecture circuit on the topic .
What you ’re about to see is shocking and heartbreaking to those with the most cynical outlook toward the State , let alone the almost helplessly naïve .
As men of color , we felt this deeply and that it ’s imperative that consciousness is heavily raised to the snowball effects of tyrannical laws and the way slavery has been overtly executed under our noses .
11 - 12 Mar 2010 | Democracy Now !
A new book by legal scholar and civil rights advocate Michelle Alexander argues that although Jim Crow laws have been eliminated , the racial caste system it set up was not eradicated .
It ’s simply been redesigned , and now racial control functions through the criminal justice system .
Guest :
Michelle Alexander , author of the new book The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness .
A former director of the Racial Justice Project at the ACLU of Northern California , she now holds a joint appointment at the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity and the Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University .
Part One ( 9:53 ) :
Part Two ( 9:49 ) :
Part Three ( 3:22 ) :
( h/t : ThisBoyTV )
JUAN GONZALEZ : President Obama ’s election a year and a half ago continues to be lauded for ushering in a new era of colorblindness .
The very fact of his presidency is regarded by some as the final nail in the coffin of Jim Crow .
Yet , today there are more African Americans under correctional control , whether in prison or jail , on probation or on parole , than there were enslaved in 1850 .
And more African American men are disenfranchised now because of felon disenfranchisement laws than in 1870 .
A new book by legal scholar and civil rights advocate Michelle Alexander argues that although Jim Crow laws have been eliminated , the racial caste system it set up was not eradicated .
It ’s simply been redesigned , and now racial control functions through the criminal justice system .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re joined now from Columbus , Ohio by Michelle Alexander , author of the new book The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness .
Her latest article exploring how the war on drugs gave birth to what she calls a permanent American under caste is available at tomdispatch.com .
She ’s a former director of the Racial Justice
Project at the ACLU of Northern California .
She now holds a joint appointment at the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity and the Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University .
Michelle Alexander , welcome to Democracy Now !
Nearly half of America ’s young black men are behind bars or have been labeled felons for life ?
That ’s an astounding figure .
Also , what does it mean in terms of their rights for the rest of their lives ?
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Yes , thanks largely to the war on drugs , a war that has been waged almost exclusively in poor communities of color , even though studies have consistently shown that people of color are no more likely to use or sell illegal drugs than whites .
The war on drugs waged in these ghetto communities has managed to brand as felons millions of people of color for relatively minor , nonviolent drug offenses .
And once branded a felon , they ’re ushered into a permanent second - class status , not unlike the one we supposedly left behind .
Those labeled felons may be denied the right to vote , are automatically excluded from juries , and my be legally discriminated against in employment , housing , access to education , public benefits , much like their grandparents or great grandparents may have been discriminated against during the Jim Crow era .
JUAN GONZALEZ : Well , you mention that the — in the war on drugs , four out of five people arrested have actually been arrested for use of drugs , not for — or possession or use of drugs , not for the sale of drugs .
Could you talk about how the — both political parties joined in this increasing incarceration around drug use ?
MICHELLE ALEXANDER :
That ’s right .
The war on drugs , contrary to popular belief , was not declared in response to rising drug crime .
Actually , the war on drugs , the current drug war , was declared in 1982 by President Ronald Reagan at a time when drug crime was actually on the decline .
A few years later , crack cocaine hit the streets in poor communities of color across America , and the Reagan administration hired staff to publicize crack babies , crack mothers , crack dealers in inner-city communities , in an effort to build public support and more funding , and ensure more funding , for the new war that had been declared .
But the drug war had relatively little to do with drug crime , even from the outset .
The drug war was launched in response to racial politics , not drug crime .
The drug war was part of the Republican Party ’s grand strategy , often referred to as the Southern strategy , an effort to appear — appeal to poor and working - class white voters who were threatened by , felt vulnerable , threatened by the gains of the civil rights movement , particularly desegregation , busing and affirmative action .
And the Republican Party found that it could get Democrats — white , you know , working - class poor Democrats — to defect from the Democratic New Deal coalition and join the Republican Party through racially coded political appeals on issues of crime and welfare .
And the strategy worked like a charm .
You know , within weeks of the Reagan administration ’s publicity campaign around crack cocaine , you know , images of black crack users and crack dealers flooded , you know , our nation ’s television sets and forever changed our nation ’s conception of who drug users and dealers are .
And law enforcement efforts became targeted on poor communities of color in the drug war .
And drug law enforcement agencies , state and local law enforcement task forces committed to drug law enforcement , have been rewarded for drastically increasing the volume of drug arrests .
Federal funding flows to state and local law enforcement that boost the volume of drug arrests , the sheer numbers .
Many people think the drug war , you know , has been targeted at violent offenders or aimed at rooting out drug kingpins , but nothing could be further from the truth .
Local and state law enforcement agencies get rewarded for the sheer numbers of drug arrests .
And federal drug forfeiture laws allow state and local law enforcement officials to keep 80 percent of the cash , cars , homes that they seize from suspected drug offenders , granting to law enforcement a direct monetary interest in the profitability and longevity in the drug war .
And the results have been predictable .
Millions of poor people of color have been rounded up for relatively minor nonviolent drug offenses .
In fact , in 2005 , four out of five drug arrests were for possession .
Only one out of five were for sales .
Most people in state prison for drug offenses have no history of violence or significant selling activity .
And during the 1990s , the period of the greatest expansion of the drug war , nearly 80 percent of the increase in drug arrests were for marijuana possession , a drug now widely believed to be less harmful than alcohol or tobacco and at least as prevalent in middle - class and suburban white communities as it is in the ghetto .
AMY GOODMAN : Michelle Alexander —
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : President Clinton —
AMY GOODMAN : Yes , I just wanted to bring it up to President Obama , because this piece you wrote , very interesting , at tomdispatch.com called “ The Age of Obama as Racial Nightmare . ” Explain .
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Yes , well , you know , today , people around the globe , people of color in particular , have been celebrating the election of Barack Obama as kind of our nation ’s triumph over race and the history of racial caste in America .
Yet , the appearance of racial equality , the superficial appearance of racial equality that Barack Obama ’s election has afforded , serves to mask a deeply disturbing underlying racial reality , which is that large segments , you know , a majority , of African American men in some urban areas , are either under the control of the criminal justice system or branded felons for life , locked in a permanent second - class status .
This vast new racial undercaste — and I say “ caste ” , not “ class , ” because this is a population which is locked into an inferior status by law and by policy — this vast population has been rendered largely invisible through affirmative action and the appearance of success with , you know , a handful of African Americans doing well in universities and corporations .
The sprinkling of people of color through elite institutions in the United States , due to affirmative action policies and the limited progress of middle - class and upper - middle - class African Americans , creates the illusion of great progress .
It helps to mask the underlying racial reality , which is that a racial caste system has been reborn in the United States .
Young men of color , in particular , are labeled as felons , labeled as criminals , at very young ages , often before they even reach voting age , before they turn eighteen .
Their backpacks are searched .
They ’re frisked on the way to school , while standing waiting for the school bus to arrive .
Once they learn to drive , their cars are searched , often dismantled in a search for drugs .
The drug war waged in these poor communities of color has created generations of black and brown people who have been branded felons and relegated to a permanent second - class status for life .
And the reason for their excommunication from our society , our mainstream society , is for engaging in precisely the same kind of drug activity that is largely ignored in middle - class and upper - middle - class white communities .
People often say to me , “ Well , if people — if , you know , black and brown men do n’t want to be labeled felons , well , then they just should n’t commit drug crimes . ”
But , you know , we have known , as a nation , for a long time now that simply prohibiting drug activity does not lead people to stop using illegal drugs .
We learned that lesson with alcohol prohibition .
Banning the use of alcohol did n’t discourage many people from using or selling alcohol .
And people of color are no more likely to use or sell illegal drugs than whites .
Our stereotype of a drug dealer in the United States is of an African American kid standing on a street corner with his pants hanging down .
But the reality is that drug dealing happens everywhere in America .
Drug markets in the United States , much like our society generally , is relatively segregated by race .
Blacks tend to sell to blacks .
Whites tend to sell to whites .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re going to have to leave it there for the part one of this interview , Michelle Alexander , but we ’re going to ask you to stay after for part two , which we ’ll play on Democracy Now !
Michelle Alexander , her new book is called The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness .
JUAN GONZALEZ :
We turn now to the second part of our interview with legal scholar , civil rights advocate and author , Michelle Alexander .
Her book is The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness .
A former director of the Racial Justice Project at the ACLU of Northern California , she now holds a joint appointment at the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity and the Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University .
AMY GOODMAN : We continued yesterday ’s interview with Michelle Alexander after the broadcast , and we started with a clip of President Obama ’s speech at the NAACP centennial celebration last year .
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA :
We ’ve got to say to our children , yes , if you ’re African American , the odds of growing up amid crime and gangs are higher .
Yes , if you live in a poor neighborhood , you will face challenges that somebody in a wealthy suburb does not have to face .
But that ’s not a reason to get bad grades .
That ’s not a reason to cut class .
That ’s not a reason to give up on your education and drop out of school .
No one has written your destiny for you .
Your destiny is in your hands .
You can not forget that .
That ’s what we have to teach all of our children .
No excuses .
AMY GOODMAN : Michelle Alexander , “ no excuses . ”
Can you respond to President Obama ?
MICHELLE ALEXANDER :
Well , I think , you know , a major point that is often lost in debates about the so - called underclass , you know , poor African Americans who are trapped in racially segregated ghettos , the point that ’s often missed is that huge percentages of the people residing in those communities have been branded felons , and therefore discrimination is perfectly legal against them .
You know , employment discrimination is perfectly legal .
Most job applications , ranging from Burger King clerk to accountant , ask whether you ’ve been convicted of a felony .
And studies show that , you know , about 70 percent of employers say they wo n’t even consider hiring someone who ’s been convicted of a drug felony .
Public housing is off - limits to you if you have been convicted of a felony .
For a minimum of five years , you are deemed ineligible for public housing once you ’ve been branded a felon .
Discrimination in private housing market ’s perfectly legal .
So here you are , recently released from prison , having been branded a felon for engaging in precisely the kind of drug activity that ’s ignored in middle - class white communities .
You ’re branded a felon .
You ca n’t get a job .
And then public housing is off - limits to you ?
Where are you expected to sleep ?
So an aunt or grandmother takes you in .
Now , let ’s say you ’re one of the lucky few who manage to get a job .
Well , up to 100 percent of your wages can be garnished — that ’s right , up to 100 percent of your wages can be garnished — to pay the cost of your imprisonment .
Increasing numbers of states are requiring former prisoners to pay back the cost of their imprisonment , pay back court costs , court processing fees , even the cost of their representation , even if they ’ve been assigned a public defender , and back child support .
You ’re required to pay back all of the accumulated child support that you incurred while you were in prison .
So up to 100 percent of your wages can be garnished , even if you ’re one of the lucky few who manage to get a job after being branded a felon .
What is the system designed to do ?
The system is designed to send you right back to prison , which is , in fact , what happens to the vast majority of people who are released .
About 70 percent of former prisoners are returned within three years .
And the majority of those who are returned are returned within three months , because the obstacles , the legal barriers to just surviving on the outside , are so great .
I ’m often — you know , people often say to me , “ Well , I know somebody who is a felon and who managed to get a job .
You know , it ’s possible to get a job , ” they say .
Well , it may be possible , but what kind of job ?
Why is it that , you know , our young kids , young black and brown kids , are expected to be locked into low - wage jobs for life , if they ’re lucky enough to get them , but kids in other communities are given the opportunity to go on to college , to compete for a full range of job opportunities ?
During the Jim Crow era , the problem was n’t that black people could n’t get jobs ; it was that they were locked permanently in a lower tier of jobs .
And that ’s the reality .
That ’s the reality .
For us to tell young African American kids in ghetto communities , “ Your destiny is in your own hands , ” that may be an inspirational message , but for many of them it may turn out to be a lie , because the rules and laws that govern ghetto communities today and the war that is being waged there ensures that a large majority of black and brown boys in those communities will be branded felons and then relegated to a permanent second - class status for life .
JUAN GONZALEZ : Michelle Alexander , I ’d like to ask you about Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Governor Schwarzenegger , at his State of the State address in January , called for privatizing some of the state ’s prisons .
GOV .
ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER :
The priorities have become out of whack over the years .
I mean , think about it .
Thirty years ago , ten percent of the general fund went to higher education , and only three percent went to prisons .
Today , almost 11 percent goes to prisons and only seven - and - a- half percent goes to higher education .
Spending 45 percent more on prisons than universities is no way to proceed into the future .
AMY GOODMAN : Your reaction to Governor Schwarzenegger ’s newfound concern about the situation with the prison system in his state ?
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Yes , well , many people reacted with glee to Governor Schwarzenegger ’s kind of apparent embrace of the Books Not Bars theme that had been a rallying cry for grassroots organizations in the state for more than a decade .
But if you read between the lines there , what Schwarzenegger is actually saying is not that we should change our laws to ensure that nonviolent drug offenders do n’t end up spending years or decades behind bars or that we should rethink harsh mandatory minimum sentences or our three - strikes laws , which have been responsible for the prison boom in California and other states around the country .
His remedy has not been to reduce prison populations through kind of rethinking draconian laws , but instead to privatize , try to save money , make warehousing and caging human beings cheaper by privatizing the system .
Certainly , you know , this announcement must have been met with glee on Wall Street , where , you know , many companies like the Correctional Corporation of America , you know , is making millions of dollars , and it hopes to expand its market of caging human beings for a profit .
So , sadly , although , you know , Schwarzenegger embraced the Books Not Bars motto , what he actually plans to do in practice is , or may well be , worse than the system that we have today .
JUAN GONZALEZ : I ’d like to ask you about another aspect of this whole issue , in terms of — you mentioned mandatory sentencing laws , especially in relationship to the war on drugs .
One of the aspects that rarely gets much attention , and you might want to talk about it , is how mandatory sentencing laws have essentially corrupted the criminal justice system by pressuring many defendants to basically cop a plea rather than take their chances through an actual trial , where their guilt or innocence might be decided by a jury .
MICHELLE ALEXANDER :
That ’s right .
We will never know how many innocent people are doing time for supposed drug offenses in the United States , but there ’s good reason to believe that those numbers are higher than they ’ve ever been , because of mandatory sentencing laws .
Today , for a relatively minor drug crime , you could be looking at five , ten , even a life sentence in prison .
Now , if you are arrested and charged with , you know , a relatively minor drug offense and told that you will spend twenty - five years in prison if you take your case to trial , but if you cop a plea and get only three years , a few months , or even be willing to be labeled a felon for life , you know , you ’ll be out in a matter of months , days or just a few years , most people are n’t willing to take the risk that they could be forfeiting decades of their life for a minor drug offense and will take the deal , whether innocent or guilty .
AMY GOODMAN : And then , explain , Michelle Alexander , what —
MICHELLE ALEXANDER :
The pressure to plead guilty is overwhelming .
AMY GOODMAN : Explain then what that means , once a person is a felon , in terms of the rights they lose for life .
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Yes , well , once you ’re branded a felon , you may be denied the right to vote ; automatically excluded from juries ; and legally discriminated against in employment , housing , access to education and public benefits .
You know , the very rights that we supposedly won for African Americans in the civil rights movement no longer exist for those labeled felons .
That ’s why I say we have not ended racial caste in America ; we ’ve merely redesigned it .
All the old forms of discrimination , the forms of discrimination we supposedly left behind , are now perfectly legal once you ’ve been labeled a felon .
And thanks to the war on drugs , millions of people of color have been branded felons for relatively minor drug activity , you know , in the past few decades .
AMY GOODMAN : Michelle Alexander —
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Our prison population has quintupled .
AMY GOODMAN : To what , in terms of the world , comparing our prison population to the rest of the world ?
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Yes , well , our prison population has quintupled .
We ’ve gone from about 300,000 people behind bars in the 1970s — you know , a time , by the way , that many civil rights activists thought that our rates of incarceration were egregiously high .
But we went from about 300,000 people in prison and jails to more than two million today .
And the vast majority of that increase has been due to drug offenses .
About two - thirds of the increase in the federal prison population is due to drug offenses , and more than half of the increase in the state population .
AMY GOODMAN : Can you talk , Michelle Alexander , for one sec —
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Now , in fact , if we had to go back —
AMY GOODMAN : I just wanted to ask if you could talk about the jailing of black men often in white , rural communities and what that means in terms of bringing federal aid into those communities .
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Yes .
You know , kind of a well - kept secret about the way our census laws and redistricting operates in the United States is that people who are warehoused in prisons — and the majority of new prison building in the United States has taken place in relatively white rural areas — the majority of the people who are put in those prisons , particularly in a state like New York , are poor people of color .
But the people warehoused in those prisons are denied the right to vote , right ?
But those people behind bars are counted through the census as part of the local population for the purposes of redistricting , leading to a greater number of state representatives assigned to those rural communities , even though the people behind bars can’t vote , and they ’re not accountable to them .
And additional federal funding flows to those communities , because their population has been inflated because they have such large prison populations .
Meanwhile , the poor communities of color , you know , from which these prisoners came , lose representation in their state legislatures , because their population has declined .
And the funding and support that might otherwise flow to those communities is reduced , because their numbers have been deflated as a result of the mass imprisonment of their community members in rural white communities .
AMY GOODMAN : Michelle Alexander , we want to thank you very much for being with us .
Her new book is called The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness .
Thank you so much .
MICHELLE ALEXANDER : Thank you for having me .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A strong earthquake has struck eastern
Turkey , killing at least 57 people , officials have said .
The 6.0 - magnitude quake , centred on the village of Basyurt in Elazig province , struck at 0432 ( 0232 GMT ) .
It has been followed by more than 40 aftershocks .
Officials said the nearby village of Okcular had been almost destroyed and several others badly damaged .
A number of people were trapped in the rubble of collapsed buildings , many of which were built of mud-bricks .
" Villages consisting mainly of mud - brick houses have been damaged , but we have minimal damage such as cracks in buildings made of cement or stone , " Elazig Governor Muammer Erol told CNN Turk .
Everything has been knocked down - there is not a stone in place
Yadin Apaydin
Administrator for Yukari Kanatli
How earthquakes happen
In pictures : Aftermath of quake
At least 17 of the dead came from the hillside village of Okcular , where up to 30 houses collapsed , rescuers said .
" The village is totally flattened , " Okcular 's administrator , Hasan Demirdag , told NTV .
Television footage from Okcular showed rescue workers and soldiers digging among the rubble of collapsed buildings as villagers looked on .
Ali Riza Ferhat , a resident , said he had been asleep in his home when the earthquake struck .
" I tried to get out of the door but it would n't open .
I came out of the window and started helping my neighbours , " he told NTV .
" We removed six bodies . "
The nearby villages of Yukari Kanatli , Kayalik , Gocmezler and Yukari Demirci were also badly damaged and each reported several deaths .
" Everything has been knocked down - there is not a stone in place , " Yadin Apaydin , the administrator for Yukari Kanatli , told CNN Turk .
At least 50 people have been taken to hospital , officials say .
Some were reportedly hurt during the panic after the first earthquake , when they jumped from windows or balconies .
Residents of the affected villages have been warned not to return to damaged homes while the area continues to be hit by aftershocks , the strongest of which have so far measured 5.1 and 5.5 .
The government disaster management centre and Turkish Red Crescent have set up tents to help survivors cope with the harsh winter weather , and are also distributing food and blankets .
Deputy Prime Minister Cemil Cicek and three other ministers have travelled to the earthquake zone to provide assistance .
We 've experienced so many earthquakes in the last 20 years , yet no measures have been taken to strengthen the buildings
Volkan Durkal
In Ankara , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan lamented the lack of earthquake - safe buildings and said he had ordered the start of a reconstruction project in the area .
" Mud - brick construction is undoubtedly a local tradition .
But unfortunately , it has proved to have a heavy price , " he said .
A BBC News website reader who visited the village of Basyurt after the earthquake said its residents blamed the government for the destruction and loss of life .
" This is a seismic area .
We 've experienced so many earthquakes in the last 20 years , yet no measures have been taken to strengthen the buildings , " Volkan Durkal said .
" Most houses are not made with cement , they are not well - built and the people are not well - educated about what to do and where to take cover during an earthquake . "
Turkey is plagued by earthquakes - generally minor - because of its location on the North Anatolian fault line .
A 7.4 - magnitude tremor which hit the western city of Izmit in August 1999 killed more than 17,000 people .
The BBC's Jonathan Head in Istanbul says poor quality buildings were also blamed for the high death toll then and there is still concern in Turkey 's largest city , where seismologists predict a major earthquake will occur within the next few decades .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Design is a suite of web - design and development assistive tools which can be utilised on any web - page .
Encompassing utilities for grid layout , measurement and alignment , Design is a uniquely powerful JavaScript bookmarklet .
Usage
Using Design is extremely simple :
Drag the Design link below to your bookmark bar ( or add it to your bookmarks by right clicking the link and selecting ' Add to bookmarks / favourites ' ) :
link below to your bookmark bar ( or add it to your bookmarks by right clicking the link and selecting ' Add to bookmarks / favourites ' ) :
Load any web - page you want
Click Design in your bookmark bar
in your bookmark bar Load the design component you wish to use by clicking on it in the Design control panel .
Design features the following components :
Grid - overlays a highly configurable layout grid over a web - page .
Grid can be set to match any set of dimensions , allowing easy development of CSS layouts in the web - browser .
can be set to match any set of dimensions , allowing easy development of CSS layouts in the web - browser .
Rule - displays rulers on a page , with all the expected features of the rulers found in a desktop design application , including guides which snap to block display elements and origin location control .
Unit - allows measurements to be made between any two points on a web - page , giving basic information about each of the points clicked on , and drawing a line on the page for the measurement .
Crosshair - draws a crosshair cursor on the page to assist in layout alignment .
Cursor information is also presented in a tooltip .
Once Design has loaded , you can load each individual component by simply clicking on the icon representing that component in the Design control panel .
You can then disable that component by clicking the icon again .
Any combination of the Design components can by loaded on a page , and they will all work effectively together .
Indeed , Design is often at it 's most useful when using several of it's components at the same time .
Each component can be loaded as a ' standalone bookmarklet ' through the instructions of each of their individual pages .
Further information about each of the Design components can be found on their respective pages by following the links above .
Support
As with all software , Design and its components are in a constant state of development .
This release of Design marks the first stable release of all four components , although there may be minor bugs which you encounter on various sites .
If you do find any , please report them to me .
Also remember that one of the wonderful things about the JavaScript bookmarklet is that you always get the most up - to - date version every time you load it .
Future work
One of the main issues I want to address with future versions is the speed of some of the components .
Grid and Rule in - particular could use some further optimisation , beyond what has already been done , to make their interface more snappy .
Future features include a mechanism to measure the distance between guides directly in Rule and constrain to angles in Unit .
It would be really great to hear from you if you use Design , so please get in touch !
Supported browsers
The following browsers are supported in Design :
Internet Explorer 7
Firefox 2 +
Safari 2.0.4 +
Opera 9.2 +
Chrome 1 +
No IE6 support ?
Nope .
Design and it's components are designed and developed for you as web - developers and designers , not your clients ( who of course still required IE6 support ) , so I see no need to support it in this case ( feel free to disagree ! ) .
If we at the front of the field do n't move on , how can we expect the larger community to do so ?
GAY men can at last be depicted in Malaysian films - so long as they repent or even go straight in the end .
Strict censorship rules in the mostly Muslim country mean books and films are routinely banned or scenes deleted that are deemed detrimental to moral values or religious sensitivities .
The new censorship guidelines reverse a ban on scenes featuring homosexuality , Malaysian Film Producers ' Association president Ahmad Puad Onah said .
But there 's a catch .
" We are now allowed to show these scenes , " he told AFP .
" As long as we portray good triumphing over evil and there is a lesson learnt in the film , such as from a gay ( character ) who turns into a ( straight ) man .
" Previously we are not allowed to show these at all . "
The new rules , he insists , will allow greater freedom of expression for film - makers .
But kissing , undressing and obscenity scenes will still be banned .
" We can do almost anything now but we are urged to give due considerations on the film 's impact on certain areas like public order , religion , socio- culture elements and moral values . "
It is not just homosexuality - subjects such as illegal racing can also be depicted .
A report at the weekend said local movie V3 Road Gangster was being shown in the cinemas since the illegal racers either died or were caught by police at the end .
Another movie that has recently passed Malaysian censors was a film that featured the life of a transvestite .
It will be screened in May .
The Film Censorship Board could not be reached for comment .
Originally published as Movie gays told to go straight
A stranger in his homeland even before emigrating in 1937 , the philosopher Karl Popper is rarely considered an Austrian .
Although he was born in Vienna in 1902 and buried there in 1994 , he is known as an Atlantic intellectual and an anti-Communist prophet of postwar liberalism .
He first became famous for The Open Society and Its Enemies ( 1945 ) .
1
He wrote the book during World War II in his New Zealand exile , intending it as a defense of democracy against fascism .
The defeat of Austrian socialism and the collapse of Central European democracies were the major experiences informing his analysis .
But The Open Society quickly became , with Popper ’s full support , a charter of Atlantic Cold War liberalism .
His philosophy of science , exemplified best in Logik der Forschung , went through a similar transformation .
2
To be sure , it is commonly debated in the context of logical positivism and the Vienna Circle ; but the circle ’s emigration and the postwar triumph of analytic philosophy in the Anglo - American academy transformed positivism , too , into an Atlantic philosophy .
The “ fugue of exile ’s disruptions ” severed the thread connecting Popper to Austria .
3
Yet Popper was the foremost philosopher to carry the progressive Viennese legacy into the postwar era .
In his critiques of the Vienna Circle and Red Vienna he confronted the philosophical and political problems of Viennese late enlightenment [ End Page 711 ] and the interwar crises of scientific reason and Central European democracy .
Refashioning the fin - de - siècle progressive legacy , he drew novel visions of liberal science and politics , imagining utopian scientific and political communities that were engaged in the pursuit of truth and reform .
He made critical debate the acid test of political and scientific rationality , the center of a new liberalism .
Establishing a free public sphere as the sine qua non of the Open Society , he innovated on a familiar liberal motif , shared by thinkers as different as Kant , De Staël , Guizot , Mill , and Habermas .
In The Open Society Popper also wrote the political platform of the postwar Social - Democratic Consensus that legislated for the welfare state and mobilized against Communism .
During World War II he opted for a liberal - socialist alliance that would contain postwar Central European fascism .
Instead , his “ Popular Front ” platform proved adaptable to postwar anti-Communism .
He made a few naïve pronouncements on deterrence and the free world during the Cold War . 4
They reflect badly on his political philosophy .
Yet disentangled from its Cold War associations , his liberalism contains an abiding cosmopolitan vision for an age that is looking beyond the nation - state .
His cosmopolitanism originated as a solution to dilemmas of ethnic identity faced by the assimilated - Jewish Viennese intelligentsia .
His Open Society expressed their dream of integration into a community that discounted religion , ethnicity , and nationality .
5
He refused to give up on cosmopolitanism in the bipolar world when Machtpolitik seemed the order of the day .
Almost alone among postwar liberals , he retained a belief in an international legal order and challenged national self - determination .
His vision has regained relevance today .
Cosmopolitanism and critical debate provide a starting - point for renegotiating liberal dilemmas .
“ My theory of knowledge , my philosophy of science and my political philosophy are original only in their interdependence , ” stated Popper in a 1976 interview .
6
His epistemology has major political and scientific significance .
Well before cultural studies began deconstructing science , Popper countered philosophers ’ and scientists ’ claims of expertise .
There is no philosophical method .
Every person is a problem - solver , and so every person is a philosopher .
“ Science is nothing but enlightened and responsible common sense — common sense broadened by imaginative critical thinking . ”
7 Demystifying science , he never gave up on the growth of knowledge .
He conceived of science as an unending quest for uncertain but growing knowledge .
A non-foundationist , [ End Page 712 ] he insisted that objectivity meant intersubjectivity .
Rationality was a product of critical debate .
In today ’s intellectual world , devoid of certainty , where systems of knowledge and identities have been thrown into flux , Popper ’s unique synthesis of contingency , convention , and change with logical certainty , objectivity , and tradition suggests a promising direction in the ...
FORT MYERS , Fla . -- Minnesota
Twins closer Joe Nathan will miss the 2010 season because of a right elbow injury that will require surgery .
Nathan , who leads the major leagues with 246 saves since 2004 , made the decision after playing catch with Twins pitching coach Rick Anderson for 10 minutes on Sunday .
" It did n't go like we hoped , " Nathan said .
" We knew it was a longshot , but I think this will clear my head .
There definitely was no gray area .
It was definitely on the dark side .
We know now that we 're going to need to go in and have some surgery done and get this thing taken care of . "
Nathan hopes to have Tommy John surgery within two weeks to repair the torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow .
He was injured on March 6 during a 20 - pitch outing in a spring training game against the Boston Red Sox .
" The one thing we did n't want to do was work on this for two or three months and then have the surgery , " general manager Bill Smith said .
The 35 - year - old right - hander signed a $ 47 million contract two years ago that guarantees him $ 11.25 million both this season and next .
The Twins have a $ 12.5 million option for 2012 , with a $ 2 million buyout .
Nathan has set his sights on returning at the start of the 2011 season .
" I'm very confident , " he said .
" I 've talked to the doctors .
The percentages of coming back are very good .
You never want to say 100 percent , but it 's pretty close to being 100 percent of the time . "
Texas Nationalists Say ‘ Sovereignty or Secession ’ By Mark Anderson
The Texas Nationalist Movement , whose motto is “ Independence , in Our Lifetime , ” was going to hold its first - ever Texas Independence Conference in mid-March at the Municipal Auditorium in downtown San Antonio .
But that event is being slated for later in the year due to scheduling conflicts .
Meanwhile , however , the movement ’s leaders have been conducting “ road shows ” in Beaumont , Austin , San Antonio and elsewhere to inform interested people in these communities about making Texas independent again .
In the wake of AFP ’s coverage in its Feb. 1 edition of 10 Vermont candidates seeking elected office on a secessionist basis , this Texas secession exploration movement is yet another sign that Americans are growing tired of trying to get the U.S. government to acknowledge their existence — let alone stop representing super - rich interests over those of the common citizen .
The Constitution says only Congress shall declare war , but Congress does n’t .
It says Congress shall issue money , but the Federal Reserve does that privately — with interest .
It says Congress shall regulate trade , but Congress transferred most of that control to the World Trade Organization .
The Bill of Rights barely stands ; and on and on — billions for bailouts ; a ruthless attack against a Waco , Texas religious sect in 1993 ; endless trillion - dollar wars overseas ; porous national borders ; forcing the populace into a free - trade system that is destroying the industrial base etc etc .
The list of abuses could make King George III blush , but a growing number of Americans in what remains of the economy are not amused .
“ The aim of the movement is to establish an independent Texas , with an emphasis on Texas production and cultural strengthening , ” explains a news release posted at TexasNationalist.com .
This particular group calls itself “ nationalist ” rather than “ secessionist , ” but it and another group have common uniting themes .
The other group is called “ Texas Secede ! ”
What is now Texas was once the property of Spain but fell under Mexican control after Santa Anna and other Mexican military leaders helped free it from Spain ’s colonial control .
But Americans of Anglo - Saxon ancestry began to migrate south into a vast state that today has 254 counties .
Under the direction of such notables as Stephen Austin , the migrants received land grants in Texas and began to get a foothold .
Texas eventually declared independence from Mexico on March 2 , 1836 , en route to becoming the Republic of Texas .
The battle of the Alamo soon followed that same month in 1836 .
When hostilities formally ended , Texas achieved independence for nine years before being admitted to the union on Dec. 29 , 1845 , as the 28th state .
As for the present day , details for rescheduling the postponed conference will be posted as soon as possible on the TNM website , TexasNationalist.com . , and the conference ’s full agenda will be published as it becomes
available .
A spokeswoman for the movement told AFP on Jan. 26 that it ’s only known that the conference will not be in March .
So , it will have to be in April or later .
The underlying premise in Texas , Alaska , Tennessee , Vermont and other states flirting with secession is stated in the Declaration of Independence : “ That whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness . ”
This is nothing new .
It ’s just that the schools and media no longer stress it .
Even Independence Day has been re-coined as the generic “ Fourth of July . ”
The meaning behind it , which naturally applies to all Americans , has been obscured .
At a Kalamazoo , Mich. , speech some years ago , this AFP writer heard former Alabama Judge Roy Moore — “ the 10 Commandments judge ” who was not allowed to place a 10 Commandments monument that he paid for on government property — refer to the Declaration of Independence as “ organic ” law that provides the roots of America ’s constitutional order .
If that is indeed the case , then the Declaration ’s words a few lines later could be considered all the more compelling : “ But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism , it is their right , it is their duty to throw off such government , and to provide new guards for their future security . ”
Those are strong words .
As actor Nicholas Cage said in the popular movie National Treasure , in which the Declaration itself was stolen , “ No one talks like that anymore . ”
Well , many people across the country are starting to talk like that again .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 6 , February 8 , 2010 )
Wrangling over Copyright Protection Treaty Germany Speaks Out against Global Internet Ban for Pirates
Recent leaks suggest the 39 countries negotiating an international copyright protection treaty could require Internet service providers to ban repeat piracy offenders from using the Web .
The German government , however , has now voiced its opposition to the proposal , which has been heavily criticized by civil rights activists .
Barry Ritholtz has a good summing - up of a new paper ( pdf ) by three IMF economists on the link between lobbying and risk - taking by lenders .
The gist : Firms that made the riskiest loans spend the most on lobbying Congress .
And what were their lobbying aims ?
• prevent any tightening of lending laws that reduce the benefits of short - termist strategies over long - term profits ; • allow systematic underestimation of default probabilities by overoptimistic bankers ; • not just to originate loans that carry more risk , but to convince legislators that such lending is prudent ; • to thwart bills aimed at lax lending standards and riskier loans ; • to tighten regulations that restrict entry by others preventing competition ; • to have a higher probability of receiving preferential treatment in a crisis .
The Huffington Post also has an epic new examination of what it calls “ the cash committee ” — the House Committee on Financial Services .
The gist is that the committee ’s Democratic ranks are heavy on moderate - to - conservative first - and second - termers that House leadership put on the committee so they could raise lots of money from financial interests , thus increasing their chances of getting reelected but decreasing the committee ’s chances of passing meaningful financial reform .
The general takeaway here is that Congress is a bit , ahem , compromised when it comes to dealing with the financial sector .
It ’s compromised in dealing with lots of other industries too , of course , but the finance - insurance - real - estate crowd is bigger and richer than any other industry , plus it just caused the worst economic downturn since the Depression .
Those who would address the financial problems of the past few years with better laws and regulations ( a group of which I am a member ) have a big problem when the rulemakers are captured not just by the industry they regulate but the dodgiest parts of that industry .
So what do we do about this ?
1 . Get out of the regulating business .
This is the libertarian solution , and while it reeks a bit of libertopianism , there is a basic truth behind it :
The less affected by regulation and / or government spending an industry is , the less it spends on campaign contributions and lobbying , as a general rule .
2 . Shine a light on what ’s going on so the public interest can trump private interests .
This does work sometimes .
And the increased attention paid to the House Financial Services and Senate Banking committees over the past couple of years has made life more difficult for financial industry lobbyists ( at least , that ’s what people in the financial industry say ) .
Because the Republican Congressional leadership has decided its most promising political strategy for the first two years of the Obama Administration is to be against everything , though , it ’s hard to put together majorities without including goodies for the most bought - and - paid - for Democrats .
3 . Do something about all that lobbying and campaign giving .
The problem here is that past efforts at campaign finance reform seem to have only made things worse .
I ’ve been enamored for a few years with an idea I got from an English constitutional scholar whose name I ’ve forgotten who was cited in some piece by Milton Friedman that I can’t find at the moment ( any help from readers on this would be greatly appreciated ) .
Writing around the time that the British government was beginning to hand out old age pensions , this crotchety fellow wrote that of course recipients of such government handouts should n’t be allowed to vote .
Because if they did vote , they ’d just vote for more handouts .
Now I love the idea of proposing that Social Security recipients should n’t be allowed to vote .
But we ’re reaching the point where Social Security is n’t really a handout — past generations of recipients got far more out than they put in , but we Baby Boomers will be getting only a modest return on our money and who knows what the Gen Xers will get ( once they ’re done saving the world ) .
So let ’s apply the idea to campaign contributions : if a company benefits from government guarantees and handouts , none of its employees can be allowed to give to Congressional campaigns .
This would presumably require a constitutional amendment , would raise all sorts of difficult questions about what constitutes a government handout ( do tax credits count ? ) , and would of course inspire an epic hunt for loopholes .
But it ’s at least fun to contemplate , is n’t it ?
The iPad is no Kindle - killer ( although buying the almost $ 500 DX now seems a little silly ) .
The Kindle , and any other e-reader , will continue to be great for just reading books , with the sunlight - friendly e-ink display and the long , long battery life making for a great single - purpose device .
The real Kindle - killer will be a cheap e-reader , and it just arrived : the $ 150 Kobo eReader .
The bare - bones reader looks very similar to the Kindle , but it is just over half the price .
You get access to a store , as you do with the Kindle , in this case the Kobo International Store with around 2 million titles .
And you can read these books on other devices : iPhone , BlackBerry , Palm Pre and Android all have Kobo apps .
What the Kobo does n't have is a 3G connection .
Instead you load up books via USB ( EPUB or PDF ) or over the reader 's Bluetooth connection with a compatible smartphone .
The Kobo also has less storage than the Kindle — 1 GB instead of 2 GB — but you can add up to four more with an SD card ( a handful of cards and you 'd be set up for years ) .
What we really like about the eReader is the interface .
The chapter lists are big and clear , the main " I 'm Reading " page gives a newspaper front - page - like overview of the newspapers and books you 're currently reading , and you can even choose to display your books in an iPad - like bookshelf metaphor .
When you power down , it shows the book 's cover instead of those awful Kindle screen - savers ( although at least the Kindle does n't give away that you 're reading Dan Brown ) .
We do worry about those controls .
The big blue D - pad on the front looks great , but all the buttons are tucked away on the left - hand side , on the edge , not the front panel .
That could prove awkward .
It could also be a smart decision to keep non-essential functions away from accidental presses .
You can also , somewhat oddly , add a book - cloth " skin " that will give the front of the device an old - fashioned look and feel ( the back is quilted rubber ) .
And to get you started , the eReader comes pre-loaded with 100 public - domain titles .
It looks like a huge threat to the Kindle , and Kobo seems to have trimmed just the right features to get to this low price .
Only hands - on testing will tell if it's as good as it seems , but right now we do n't see much reason to buy Amazon 's locked - down machine .
Kobo E - Reader [ Kobo .
Thanks , Meghan ! ]
See Also :
VIDEO - A video obtained by Ynet depicts Jewish residents of east Jerusalem 's Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood during their Purim celebrations singing songs of praise for Baruch Goldstein , a Jewish terrorist who murdered 29 Palestinians 16 years ago at the Cave of the Patriarchs .
Tensions in east Jerusalem have peaked recently over the building plans in Silwan
The recent documented Purim festivities were reminiscent of scenes from Hebron .
The residents adopted well - known childhood songs in order to praise the massacre at the Cave of the Patriarchs carried out by Goldstein .
One of the leaders of the leftist campaign in the neighborhood , Assaf Sharon , described to Ynet : " The settlers are allowed to hold political activities and aggravating and offensive as could possibly be , and the neighborhood 's original residents , who are still a majority there , are not allowed to do a thing .
We saw them enter a house , have a party , and play very loud music . "
Ynet asked the Jewish residents themselves for a response to the songs of praise for Goldstein , but they preferred not to respond .
Left - wing activists plan on holding a demonstration this upcoming Saturday night in protest of the events .
" Such an event , which takes place under the watchful eye of the police , needs to make every citizen of Israel lose sleep .
Such displays of violence on the part of the settlers are becoming more abundant .
" Therefore , it is important that people come and demand from the government and the Jerusalem municipality to stop the settlement enterprise in the east of the city , which is destroying the delicate fabric of life and is thwarting all possibility for a future peace accord , " said Sharon .
" Those in insolvency have to sell everything they have to pay their creditors , " Schlarmann told Bild newspaper .
" Greece owns buildings , companies and uninhabited islands , which could all be used for debt redemption . "
Moving 400 million packages during the four - week holiday season is a big job .
UPS , the mammoth delivery company , tackles it with hundreds of cargo jets , thousands of big rigs , tens of thousands of those familiar brown delivery vans — and Justin Hurst ’s bike .
A UPS delivery bike .
Really .
Hurst is one of about two dozen UPS workers who are pedaling up to homes in Silicon Valley this holiday season pulling trailers full of iPods , books , shoes , jewelry , toaster ovens and who - knows - what to be wrapped , unwrapped and swooned over .
Think of them as the special forces in UPS ’s holiday battle to get what you want from there to here .
“ People are like really happy to see us bike around , ” says Hurst , 22 , who rides a route in Palo Alto .
“ They like to see us not using cars . ”
Yes , happy to see him , and a bit surprised .
Although UPS has used bikes on the West Coast for a few years now , this is the first season they ’ve appeared in some local neighborhoods .
So when Hurst pedals down the street , jaws drop , joggers stop and cameras come out .
The 19th century delivery system is an odd sight in 21st century Silicon Valley , especially when the delivery dude works for UPS , a company known for staggering sophistication when it comes to logistics .
“ We ’re bringing the old school back , ” says UPS spokeswoman Rhoda Daclison - Dickey .
It ’s old school serving as the linchpin to one of America ’s most modern transactions : e-commerce , a retail sector that saw about $ 130 billion in U.S. sales last year .
When Hurst loads his Burley trailer , he piles on two dozen boxes from Amazon.com , Apple , Zappos.com , Drugstore.com , Shutterfly and the fruits of Web purchases from all manner of brick - and - mortar stores .
You might think UPS ’s bike initiative is a case of Big Brown going green .
In fact , bike deliveries are more about saving green .
Daclison - Dickey says that in years past the company would rent additional trucks to handle the crush of the peak delivery season .
“ It was no longer cost - effective to rent these big Budget trucks to deliver packages , ” she says .
“ We had to figure out alternative ways to get people ’s packages to them within the time frame we committed to . ”
And so , the regional office bought a fleet of bicycles with trailers ( $ 700 per set ) to replace the rentals in San Jose , Santa Clara , Sunnyvale , Mountain View , Palo Alto , Menlo Park and Fremont .
UPS efficiency engineers look for neighborhoods that are flat , fairly densely populated and bike - friendly .
Each morning trucks drop off trailers or deliver packages to temporary storage pods placed in neighborhood parking lots .
The riders load up , empty their trailers and then come back for more .
The bike initiative , which totals 45 routes throughout Northern California , should eliminate the need for 20 to 25 rental trucks and save UPS about $ 45,000 to $ 50,000 in fuel and maintenance costs in the region , Daclison - Dickey says .
And that does n’t account for all the good will the bikers are earning for UPS .
The slender Hurst does n’t exactly look like a rock star perched on his Jamis Commuter seven - speed , wearing a brown uniform , black bike helmet and reflective vest .
But the attention he gets belies the decidedly nerdy attire .
“ This is very cool , ” says Anne Taylor , who met Hurst at the door of her Hamilton Avenue home .
“ It ’s such a throwback . ”
A you ’re - never - going - to - believe - this kind of throwback , which was the problem retiree Gordon Poulson was having with his wife , who spends her days at work while Poulson works around the house .
He ’d been telling her for days about these bike delivery guys .
She was n’t buying it .
And so Poulson stops Hurst on Greenwood Avenue and asks him to pose for a picture for proof .
“ I think it ’s a lot more personal , ” Poulson says of bike deliveries , “ because you can wave at them going down the street , have a conversation , ask him how their day is going . ”
For Hurst , most days are going fine .
He has ponchos and plastic tarps for the rain and layers for the cold , says Hurst , a history and political science major who recently graduated from the University of Oregon .
The job is a temporary gig , Hurst says , something to make a little money ( riders ’ pay averages $ 10 an hour , UPS says ) while he figures out his next move .
“ This is a great job to have , ” he says .
“ I like working outdoors , being on my feet , moving around . ”
No worries there .
With a few hundred million packages to go between now and Christmas , Hurst is going to be moving around plenty .
Contact Mike Cassidy at mcassidy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5536 .
Follow him at http://twitter.com/mikecassidy.
Google on Wednesday launched bicycle directions for Google Maps making it easier for cyclists to plan routes in 150 U.S. cities including Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , New York , San Francisco , Portland and Washington , DC .
You can use Google Maps to find cycling - specific directions in urban areas , and by default Google Maps will plan your route to avoid steep hills whenever possible .
The new maps feature can also be used as a map layer to get an overall sense of cycling accessibility in a particular city .
( Click any image to zoom )
Getting The Map
There are two ways you can use Google Maps cycling information : for step - by - step directions or as a map layer to view all available cycling lanes and paths in your city .
To get directions just click on the get directions link in Google Maps , enter your starting and ending points and then select ' bicycling ' from the drop down menu .
This will automatically start the cycling map layer and a variety of routes will appear in the left - hand column .
To compare the different routes , just hover your mouse over each route choice , and a light blue line will appear on the map showing you the difference between the selected route and the alternatives .
If you do n't like any of the route choices Google has made , you can drag the route indicator to change it .
If you just want to take a look at the cycling routes in your area select ' Bicycling ' from the maps layer button labeled ' More ... ' in the top right corner of Google Maps .
Color Codes
There are three different levels of cycling route indicators in Google Maps : a dark green line indicates a bike path with no motor vehicles , the light green line shows regular streets with bike lanes , and the dotted green lines show other recommended streets for cyclists -- typically low traffic streets .
Cycling directions are a great addition to Google Maps , and one of the most requested feature additions , according to Google .
But the new feature could stand with a few improvements , such as a difficulty level indicator for cycling routes .
By default , Google gives you the easiest routes possible to get you to your destination , but this feature ignores a large number of cyclists who seek out difficult and challenging routes .
A tool that allows cyclists to create different routes based on inclines would likely be a welcome addition to the new Google Maps layer .
If you want to try out Google Maps cycling directions for yourself check it out at maps.google.com / biking .
But keep in mind the new feature is still in beta so you may run into problems with some routes .
If you want to contribute to the new Google Maps layer by reporting missed bike lanes , better directions or other problems click on the ' Report a problem ' link in Google Maps .
Google says that eventually you will be able to directly contribute to improving maps for bike trails and lanes in your area through Google Map Maker .
Currently , bicycle directions in Google Maps are available for U.S. cities only .
Introduction to Bike Directions on Google Maps :
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) or on Google Buzz .
The Pope will celebrate public Mass in Glasgow during his trip Pope Benedict XVI has confirmed the dates of a visit to the UK this year .
The pontiff will visit the country from 16 to 19 September , in what will be the first papal UK visit since that of John Paul II in 1982 .
The Pope will start his trip in Edinburgh , where he will be received by the Queen at Holyrood House .
He will beatify 19th Century theologian Cardinal John Henry Newman , visit the Archbishop of Canterbury at Lambeth Palace and pray at Westminster Abbey .
Open -air Mass
The Pope will travel to Coventry airport for the beatification of Cardinal Newman , a convert to Catholicism .
This will bring the cleric a step closer to becoming the first non-martyred English saint since the Reformation .
The great Christian tradition of faith and life , which has so shaped our culture , has so much more to offer
The Most Reverend Vincent Nichols , Archbishop of Westminster
His itinerary will also include a giant open - air Mass in Glasgow 's Bellahouston Park , a prayer vigil in London and an event focusing on education .
He will give a " major speech " at Westminster Hall in the Houses of Parliament , it was announced at a news conference at the Foreign Office .
The theme of the visit will be relations between the Christian Churches and the major faiths .
His visit is expected to cost about £ 15 m , organiser Scottish Secretary Jim Murphy said .
Talks are under way between the government and Church to decide how much each will contribute , he said .
On top of that , there will be the policing bill which must be met by existing police budgets , he added .
' Compassionate society '
The Archbishop of Westminster , the Most Reverend Vincent Nichols , said Catholics were delighted .
The head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales added : " We are confident that the presence and message of Pope Benedict will encourage everyone to aspire again to a vision of life in our society marked by mutual trust , compassion and truth .
" The great Christian tradition of faith and life , which has so shaped our culture , has so much more to offer .
" This gentle yet profound teacher of his faith will encourage and strengthen all who receive his words . "
Given the daily revelations of scandals surrounding the Pope , it is extraordinary we should be lauding him
Terry Sanderson , National Secular Society Cardinal Keith O'Brien , Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh and president of the Catholic Bishops of Scotland , said he was " thrilled " the Pope had accepted the " gracious " invitation .
" I am sure that his visit this year will bring us all renewed encouragement , vigour and joy as we seek to serve Christ in the circumstances of this present time . "
Mr Murphy , a Catholic , who is the minister leading preparations , said it would be " a truly unique event " .
" It is the first ever official Papal visit to our country combining state - to - state discussions and related engagements as well as pastoral events being organised by the Catholic bishops ' conferences of England , Wales and Scotland , " he said .
Former Pope John Paul II came to Britain in 1982 , but it was a pastoral trip , rather than an official visit .
Referring to recent allegations of sex abuse in the Catholic Church , Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society , said : " Given the daily revelations of scandals surrounding the Pope , it is extraordinary we should be lauding him and treating him to all these nice events at the taxpayers ' expense .
" We should be criticising him and asking him to explain events , not making out he 's a hero , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Miguel de Icaza
It seems that David 's article on Windows strategy tax on .NET lacked enough context for my actual quotes in there .
When David contacted me , he was writing a piece on the evolution of .NET and since he was speaking to Microsoft , he wanted to get feedback from other people on what we thought Microsoft got right and what they got wrong .
This is how my email to David started :
Well , I am a bit of a fan of large portions of .
NET , so I might not be entirely objective .
You might want to also get some feedback from a sworn enemy of Microsoft , but you should get at least the statements from a sworn enemy that has tried .NET , as opposed to most people that have strong opinions but have never used it .
David said :
Given your familiarity with the framework , are there any iterative changes that you find questionable or you feel require some explanation ?
There are certain areas that I do not quite like about .
NET , they are not major issues as they can be either worked around or ignored ( to some extent ) , but here are some .
And this is where the quote on Microsoft shooting the .NET ecosystem comes from , I reproduce from my email for the sake of completeness , none of this is a secret :
The most important part is that Microsoft has shot the .NET ecosystem in the foot because of the constant thread of patent infringement that they have cast on the ecosystem .
Unlike the Java world that is blossoming with dozens of vibrant Java virtual machine implementations , the .NET world has suffered by this meme spread by Ballmer that they would come after people that do not license patents from them .
Sun on the other hand said from day one : we will not sue you over patent infringement if you implement your own Java .
Google does something similar with their APIs and Google 's Wave : they are giving everyone access to their stuff .
As the only implementor of the ECMA standards outside of Microsoft , I sure would have hoped that they had given rights to everyone to implement .
They would still be the # 1 stack , but it would have encouraged an ecosystem that would have innovated extensively around their platform .
Instead , people went and innovated on Java or other platforms that might not have been as advanced as .NET , but at least they were not under Microsoft threat .
Google could have used .
NET , Rails could have been built on .NET , the Wikipedia and Facebook could have been built using ASP .
NET .
All of those are failed opportunities .
Even if the cross - language story was great , the web integration fantastic , the architecture was the right one to fit whatever flavor of a platform you wanted , people flocked elsewhere .
This is their largest mistake , and it is perhaps too late to do anything about it .
It took Microsoft eight years , a new management and a fresh set of eyes to change some of these mistakes .
The veil of threats that existed over the runtime in 2001 was lifted with the Community Promise announcement but it took eight years , and those were eight years of lost opportunity and FUD directed at all things Microsoft .
I still believe that Microsoft lost a great opportunity of having .NET become the universal runtime of the net , and they could still have the best implementation .
I still believe that they should put the rest of .NET under the Community Promise or OSP and even with Mono as an open source implementation , they would retain their edge .
On Innovation on other Runtimes
David quotes Ted Neward ( a speaker on the .NET and Java circuits , but not an open source guy by any stretch of the imagination ) .
Ted tried to refute my point about Java and innovation but seemed to have missed the point .
The article attributed this to Ted : " Microsoft has made an open - source CLI implementation codenamed ' Rotor ' freely available , but it has had little or no uptake " .
There is a very simple reason for that .
Rotor was not open source and it was doomed to failure the moment it came out .
When Microsoft released Rotor in 2002 or 2003 they had no idea what they were doing and basically botched the whole effort by using a proprietary license for Rotor .
Rotor 's license was " look but do not touch " and prohibited commercial use of it .
This is a non-starter for anyone that wants to call their software open source .
Had Rotor been open source , we would have just used that instead of building Mono and we would have invested in it .
The article also gets the facts on the interest on Java virtual machines wrong .
Certainly only a handful are used for large server deployments , but minor Java VMs were part of the Java culture for years .
Fine - tuned versions of the JavaVM are used for all sorts of embedded scenarios and it has also been used extensively in research .
The Jikes RVM Java implementation is still an important playground for researchers where new garbage collectors , code generator technology , large memory problems , and optimization have been prototyped and tested .
The open source Kaffe was the first open source JIT engine and it lead to way for many developers to explore the problems of cross platform JIT compilation , Japhar lead the way for a full open source class library stack ( this became GNU class path ) .
The Cacao open source VM explored new code generation optimizations techniques that were eventually used by other JIT engines .
In the industrial world , variations on Java were used for embedded systems , the most popular one today is Dalvik , Google 's runtime for a Java - like runtime .
The list above is by no means comprehensive and the above is merely the innovation that happened in the JavaVM world .
What is clear is that .
NET / ECMA CLI fixed a lot of the design mistakes in Java , improved in many areas and built on the knowledge that had been gained from Java .
But my point about the ecosystem goes beyond the JVM , it is about the Java ecosystem in general vs the .NET ecosystem .
Java was able to capitalize on having implementations on Linux and Unix , which accounts for more than half the web today .
The Apache Foundation is a big hub for Java - based development and it grew organically .
Had Microsoft been an open company in 2001 and had embraced diversity we would live in a different world .
The awesome Mono team would probably be bigger , and the existing team members would have longer vacations .
But for everyone that missed the point , luckily , Microsoft has new management , new employees that know open source , fresh new ideas , is becoming more open and is working actively on interoperability with third parties .
They even launched the CodePlex Foundation .
As I told David on that interview , I am still a fan of .NET , and we are going to continue working to bring Mono everywhere where we think we could improve developer 's experience .
We are actively working on improving Mono on Linux , Mono for MeeGo , Mono for OSX , Mono for the PlayStation , Mono for Xbox360 , Mono for the Wii , Mono for the iPhone , Mono for Android and Mono everywhere .
Just like everyone that complains about Sun 's tight control over the Java development process , I have my own regarding Microsoft 's development process for .
NET .
But that is just business as usual .
The best C# and .NET days are ahead of us .
Google cofounder Sergey Brin is suddenly shocked -- shocked ! -- that any company would be so evil as to comply with China 's censorship demands .
Please .
Leave aside the fact that Google was happy to censor results for China until its servers were hacked .
The fact is , Google still censors search results in other countries at the request of their governments .
Google 's policy is to remove search results at the request of national governments if its lawyers agree that the content in question violates local law .
Google also removes results at the request of individuals in countries where there is less protection against libel suits .
To be fair , many of the censorship requests Google honors are far less objectionable than China 's , which are overtly aimed at silencing dissent .
We also think Google 's new position that it is immoral to censor results for China is perfectly reasonable .
We also think Google 's old position was perfectly reasonable -- that censoring results for the Chinese is distasteful , but on the whole , leaves the Chinese people better off than cutting them out of Google altogether .
Entirely different : Censoring results for years , shifting course for entirely unrelated reasons , and then vilifying competitors who do n't jump on the bandwagon .
( Though , of course , completely Google 's prerogative . )
But it 's particularly hypocritical when Google is still happily censoring its search and YouTube products for other countries .
-- Opening Statement of the Chief Prosecutor , Supreme Court Justice Robert H. Jackson , at Nuremberg , from the website of the Robert Jackson Steering Committee , lawsnotmen.org
To read the contents of the first OPR report , the subsequent reports , and then the DOJ conclusions , is to read an account of a classic whitewashing process , one that has been exercised often since the Iran - Contra hearings and before .
The first report presents the real evidence , a parade of enumerated horribles that , by the final report by Margolis , have been erased or minimized according to the interests that the reviewing parties want to protect .
The end result is always the same : no accountability for laws broken .
These were not little legal infractions committed by the OLC lawyers .
These were infractions that destroy the very fabric of our democracy .
We deplore the fact that David Margolis , speaking for the department , has gone very far toward accepting Yoo and Bybee 's argument that , in times of emergency , legal norms as fundamental as the absolute prohibition of torture may be violated with impunity by the President and other high officials .
If that is to become official US policy , it will merely reinforce the international movement toward universal jurisdiction for particularly heinous crimes , instead of leaving it to American courts to deal with Americans accused of such crimes .
Justice Jackson at Nuremberg : I know the defense that defendants were " only following orders " came up a lot ( and was always rejected ) , but I do n't recall that we established a Nuremberg Loophole excusing war - crimes defendants who were " sincere . "
I did n't think it was possible , but former Bush officials -- desperately fighting what they know will be their legacy as war criminals -- have become even more dishonest propagandists out of office than they were in office .
At National Review , Bill Burck and Dana Perino so thoroughly mislead their readers about the DOJ report . . . that it 's hard to know where to begin .
Margolis said that whether Yoo " intentionally or recklessly provided misleading advice to his client " when authorizing torture -- about the most serious accusation one can make against a lawyer , as it means he deliberately made false statements about the law -- " is a close question . "
That 's the precise opposite of what Burck and Perino told National Review readers about Margolis ' conclusion ( " This should n’t have been close — and it was n't , on the merits " ) .
Moreover , Margolis repeatedly adopted the OPR 's findings that the Yoo / Bybee torture memos -- on which the entire American torture regime was constructed and which media elites now embrace in order to argue against prosecutions -- were wrong , " extreme , " misguided , and the by - product of " poor judgment . "
He refers readers to
And remember , Margolis described his judgment about actionability against the Torture Boys as " a close question . "
So there is no remotely conceivable sense in which Yoo and Bybee can be said to have been " cleared " or " exonerated , " any more than anyone under investigation by a prosecutor 's office that declines to prosecute can be said to have been .
Less , actually , because rarely does such a person have a judgment delivered that says , " The decision was oh so close , you know this close , to going the other way . "
In fact , one reason that should have been given more weight is the consequence of failing to take action : the possibility that the proponents of rampant government criminality can claim their heroes to have been " exonerated . "
But did that stop the Washington Post from editorializing ( "
Actually , what the editorial says is that Margolis " correctly and courageously overturned a skewed recommendation by the department 's Office of Professional Responsibility . "
Well , perhaps the final OPR report was skewed , but as those who have now read the redacted versions of the three OPR reports tell us , the skewing going on was all in the direction of watering it down , to make it more live - and - let - live Village - friendly .
Of course , by the time the " skewed " OPR report was scuttled by the Margolis one , it was a snap for the war criminals and their enthusiasts on the Right to claim " exoneration . "
I 'm with Glenn on this one .
You have to wonder , is there any lie those people wo n't tell to cover their butts ?
# " Just think about that for a minute , " says Glenn .
He refers readers to Yale Prof .
Jack Balkin 's detailed analysis of the opinion on Friday , under the piquant head , " Justice Department Will Not Punish Yoo and Bybee Because Most Lawyers Are Scum Anyway . "
According to Balkin , says Glenn , " The only thing that saved Yoo in Margolis ' eyes was that attorney ethical rules have been written by lawyers to protect themselves , and the bar is therefore so low that it basically includes only ' sociopaths and people driven to theft and egregious incompetence by serious drug and alcohol abuse problems .
'" And remember , Margolis described his judgment about actionability against the Torture Boys as " a close question . "
So there is no remotely conceivable sense in which Yoo and Bybee can be said to have been " cleared " or " exonerated , " any more than anyone under investigation by a prosecutor 's office that declines to prosecute can be said to have been .
Less , actually , because rarely does such a person have a judgment delivered that says , " The decision was oh so close , you know , to going the other way .
"
In fact , one reason that should have been given more weight is the consequence ofto take action : the possibility that the proponents of rampant government criminality can claim their heroes to have been " exonerated .
" But did that stop the Washington Post from editorializing ( " No punishment for torture memos ' authors , but no exoneration , either " ; at least they got the " no exoneration " part right ) from claiming , " Mr. Margolis noted that the lawyers acted in ' good faith ' under extremely difficult circumstances and with the benefit of several court decisions that could be read to support their approach " ?
Well , some stuff sort of along those lines is in there , but do you get the sense from this characterization that Margolis in fact described his decision -- hailed by the sleepy - at - the - wheel WaPo editorialist as " courageous " -- not to recommend action as " a close call " ?
Actually , what the editorial says is that Margolis " correctly and courageously overturned a skewed recommendation by the department 's Office of Professional Responsibility . "
Well , perhaps the final OPR report was skewed , but as those who have now read the redacted versions of the three OPR reports tell us , the skewing going on was all in the direction of watering it down , to make it more live - and - let - live Village - friendly .
Of course , by the time the " skewed " OPR report was scuttled by the Margolis one , it was a snap for the war criminals and their enthusiasts on the Right to claim " exoneration . "
I 'm with Glenn on this one .
You have to wonder , is therelie those people wo n't tell to cover their butts ?
Tangled Up in Yoo
By David Swanson
Early one mornin ' the sun was shinin ' ,
Prisoners layin ' in bed
Wond 'rin ' when the guards would come
And kick them in the head .
The folks who wrote the torture memos
Sure did have it rough .
They never got enough exercise .
The new condo was n't big enough .
One victim standin ' at the side of his cell
Blood dripping on his shoes
Admitted Iraq had WMDs
Lord knows that made the news but was it true ,
Tangled up in Yoo .
Yoo was married to his belief
That nobody could force
A president to obey the law
And wartime only made that worse .
Yoo drove that point as far as he could
And overruled the rest
Of the lawyers who gave into him
All agreeing it was best .
He turned around to look upon
The damage he had done
I heard him whisper over his shoulder ,
" They 'll lock me up some day on the avenue , "
Tangled up in Yoo .
Yoo had a job training fascist youth
Writing up a book for a spell .
But he never did like it all that much
And one day the ax just fell .
So he drifted round to campuses
Wherever they would let him speak
About presidents crushing testicles
And disinheriting the meek .
But all the while he was alone
The past was close behind ,
Yoo broke a lot of statutes ,
Prison never escaped his mind , and he just knew ,
Tangled up in Yoo .
Yoo was talkin ' in a corporate place
And I stopped in to hear .
I just kept lookin ' at the side of his face
In the spotlight so clear .
And later on as the crowd thinned out
I started calling John Yoo 's name ,
I handcuffed him to the back of his chair
Said to him , " Does it feel the same ? "
Yoo muttered somethin ' underneath his breath ,
I read him his Miranda rights .
I must admit I felt a little uneasy
When he admitted it was the right thing to do .
Tangled up in Yoo .
Yoo left a bundle of memos behind , legalizing crimes .
" I thought you 'd never come for me , " he said
" And it really blew my mind . "
Then he opened up a book of laws
And handed it to me
Written by all kinds of people
Over two or three centuries .
And every one of them words rang true
And glowed like burnin ' coal
Pourin ' off of every page
Like it was written purely so we 'd indict Yoo ,
Nothing else to do .
Yoo authorized aggressive war
and lawless imprisonment ,
warrantless spying and torture techniques ,
That was the way Yoo went .
Then he started into peddling lies
And something inside of him died .
He had to sell his heart and bones
And Yoo froze up inside .
And when finally the bottom fell out
Yoo became withdrawn ,
The only thing he knew how to do
Was to sing his lying song , like a bird that flew ,
Tangled up in Yoo .
So now Yoo 's goin ' to be tried ,
The law got to him somehow .
All the people he used to know
They 're co-conspirators now .
Some are ex vice presidents .
Some lead glamorous lives .
Do n't know how it all got started ,
I do n't know what they 're gonna tell their wives .
But me , I 'm still on the road
Trying to make a point .
Yoo always did feel the same ,
He just saw it from a different point of view ,
Tangled up in Yoo
I really do n't want to go into DoJ stooge David Margolis 's 69 - page report declining to take any legal action against should - be - disgraced former DoJ stooges Jay Bybee and John Yoo , the " Torture Boys , " who disgraced the obligation of the Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) to provide the executive branch with accurate information about the law .
( Of course it 's a cosmic irony that after the Bush regime turned the OLC into a crime - covering travesty , the law - hating crime enthusiasts of the Right have blocked the nomination of the superbly qualified Dawn Johnsen to head the OLC , the very job that , so thoroughly bungled , catapulted Torture Boy Bybee onto the federal bench . )
It sucks , of course .
Some welcome heat is being generated by the lawyers and journalists of the Robert Jackson Steering Committee , which under the Freedom of Information
Act secured the release of a host of DoJ documents -- unfortunately in heavily redacted form -- including the three versions of DoJ's Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) report , all now overturned by the Margolis judgment .
There is , for example , this comment from journalist Kristina Borjesson , an RJSC member :
And there 's this comment from RJSC lawyer Peter Weiss , who participated in the FOIA filing :
But even the RJSC gets it wrong when it comes to characterizing the Margolis report :
" The committee expressed grave concern that David Margolis , a senior lawyer in the Department of Justice , wrote a final opinion in January which completely exonerates the two lawyers for legally justifying the illegal torture of detainees .
" Deep breath .
If you want to say it " lets them off , " fine .
But it 's pretty unkind about the quality of their legal work .
What it comes down to , if you read what Margolis actually wrote , is that he does n't see that it 's likely to be provable that Yoo and Bybee weren ' tin issuing the legal opinions for which the Office of Professional Responsibility recommended they be referred to their respective bar associations for disciplining .
That , in Margolis 's mind , is the legal issue :
As long as they sincerely believed the bullshit that torture , which is unambiguously illegal under international and U.S. law , can be massaged to cleanliness , and that the president of the United States can under certain circumstances do , for which there is n't a single word in the Constitution that provides the remotest hint of the shadow of a possibility of justification , but , it 's difficult to prove that they recklessly rendered bad legal opinions or deliberately advocated contrary - to - law positions .
Now if people as sensibly attuned to the issues as the RJSC folks slip into declaring the Boys " exonerated , " you can probably imagine what 's going on on the truth - be - damned Right .
Or can you ?
Glenn Greenwald has already declared himself surprised , in a vintage GG piece , " The flailing falsehoods of America 's war criminals " : Glenn , it appears , has actuallythe Margolis report .
And on the issue of whether " Yoo intentionally or recklessly provided misleading advice to his client , " he points out , Margolis writes , " It is a close question . "
Labels : David Margolis , DOJ , Jay Bybee , John Yoo , Nuremberg trials , torture , war crimes
​ A New Jersey man with multiple sclerosis was sentenced Friday to five years in prison for growing marijuana — which he said was for medicinal purposes — in his back yard .
Tragically , the sentence handed down to John Wilson is the minimum prison term he could have received under New Jersey law , reports Michael Deak at MyCentralJersey.com
Wilson ’s attorney , James Wronko , said he plans to file a motion to stay the sentence pending an appeal .
Wilson , 37 , was growing 17 marijuana plants
According to Superior Court Judge Robert Reed , who handed down the sentence , Wilson could be eligible in six months for the New Jersey Intensive Supervision Program in which some state prison inmates have an opportunity to work their way back into the community .
Because this is Wilson ’s first conviction , Reed did not sentence Wilson to a period of parole ineligibility .
Wilson could be eligible parole in just over a year .
“ It ’s the least period of imprisonment I could impose , ” said Reed .
The state attorney general ’s office , which prosecuted the case , was heartlessly asking Judge Reed to impose a seven - year sentence .
Wronko said Wilson began using marijuana to treat the symptoms of MS , with which he was diagnosed in 2002 , because he did not have insurance and could not afford prescriptions .
Before Reed handed down the sentence , Wilson admitted he had broken the law .
“ I am not a bad person , ” he told the judge .
“ I just made a horrible mistake .
I ’m truly sorry what what I ’ve done . ”
Hardly a day goes by when Islanders fans do n't think of the team in the context of the word " rebuild " -- even if that 's not a word GM Garth Snow likes to use .
But that 's what 's happening for the past two seasons , and a comparison of the roster constructed by Snow for 2007 - 08 to the one we see at the tail end of 2009 - 10 gives us a glimpse of how Snow course - corrected in early 2008 and put his stamp on the team .
The 2007 - 08 roster is a good comparison not just because it was the first season for which Snow had a full summer to tinker ( Neil Smith signed several of the 2006 free agents ) , but also because it was the final season before Snow concluded -- and convinced Charles Wang -- that the franchise needed to pull back to scratch rather than continue grabbing stopgap free agents whose collective ceiling was yet another one - and - done 8th playoff seed .
Through the draft and a few select free agency signings , Snow is building a new core for the Islanders .
With more pending free agents likely to exit and another draft ( with a pick possibly high enough to help in 2010 - 11 ) , this summer should bring about the moment where Snow can say , " This , this is the team I 've been working on . "
2007 -08 Roster : The Post - Smyth Push , or Mediocrity 's Last Stand
When Snow famously flipped some inherited assets he found expendable for a run at the playoffs with Ryan Smyth , it was with the idea of coaxing ( and extending )
Smyth to fall in love with a second Blue and Orange franchise whose heyday came when only Mr. T could be B.A. Baracus .
That flirtation was n't enough to woo Smyth , however , so Snow reverted to a Plan B with second - choice free agents like Bill Guerin -- immediately named captain to replace the bought - out Alexei Yashin -- and Ruslan Fedotenko .
But Smyth 's rejection , the Islanders ' bare prospect cupboard , and the realization that stopgaps like Mike Comrie as # 1 center is n't going to get it done , helped Snow swallow the hard pill the Islanders should have swallowed years ago : A proper rebuild .
The main components of the 2007 - 08 roster are a good picture of that moment of transition .
Virtually all of the free agents
Snow added were stopgaps now departed , while the inherited pieces he 's hung on to are either cheap , impossible to trade , or part of the core going forward :
2009 - 10 Down the Stretch : The Transition is Here
Fast - forward two years and two drafts , with a new groom 'em young coach and two [ edit ] three top - 10 picks in the lineup , and you have a different picture .
Obviously as a GM 's tenure gets longer , he 's going to have fewer inherited players than when he started .
But today
Snow does n't even have much of what he gave himself that first full summer :
Just two depth players ( Park and Sim ) remain from the free agents he himself signed before the transition , and the only inherited players he still has were either existing young prospects or two long - tenured Isles ( and formerly Snow 's teammates ) who Snow signed to long extensions to be a lasting part of the core ( Hunter and Martinek ) .
The rest are Snow 's brand :
His picks ( Bailey , Tavares , Martin ) , his free agents ( Streit , Hillen ) .
This is truly shaping into his team now , and this summer 's picks and free agents will all but complete the transition to Snow 's Team -- though obviously not complete the " rebuild . "
[ Edit : Obviously Asst. GM and Director of Amateur Scouting Ryan Jankowski is a HUGE part of this equation .
That 's implied when I refer to Snow 's regime , but probably should n't be left out . ]
There is one position I 've left out of this , but that 's because it 's a whole different animal .
With Dwayne Roloson signed through next season and Rick DiPietro 's health an open question , that 's a topic for another day .
As for the other positions , many of us have our complaints in terms of the team 's construction for games this season ( e.g .
" Why was the blueline left untouched last summer ?
What of an added scoring winger for this year ? " ) .
But for the bigger long - term picture , it 's clear Snow has been sticking steadfast to the plan he shifted to at the end of 2007 - 08 : Develop the prospects who were here ( Okposo , Nielsen ) , add or identify / extend internal pieces for the core ( Streit , Nielsen ) , draft character players ( Bailey , Martin ) , and start to lock up core pieces as they emerge ( Nielsen ... MacDonald ? ) .
[ Edit : Did I really just list Nielsen in all three categories ?
You bet I did .
I reserve this space as 100 % pure Danish kool - aid zone . ]
This summer will be interesting not just for the draft and the free agents added ( two defensemen have been promised ) , but also for how Snow handles contracts for guys like Moulson and Schremp , who last summer were not in the picture , yet now appear to be Snow 's biggest steals of the year .
In the past , he 's extended Nielsen , Hunter , Martinek and MacDonald to longer term in exchange for lower salary .
Will that trend continue ?
Will he add size via free agency ?
Occasionally I profess that the first stage of a rebuild is easy : Aside from the discipline required and a thick skin for the ridicule you take through your team 's growing pains , tearing a rotten foundation down is a no - brainer really .
It 's the second stage that 's really challenging : Making make - or - break decisions with actual players who might not pan out or , if you 're cutting them , might actually prove you wrong at their next stop .
That 's the stage that 's now coming into view .
Similarly , I always say the hard questions about Snow 's performance will start to come after this summer .
Again , we can quibble about the roster construction the last two seasons , but it was never a secret that stocking a contender through free agency was n't in the cards , so we were quibbling over the scraps of a young , underdeveloped and understocked team .
Now , however , playoffs for next season is the stated goal .
There are real openings that free agency can fill .
There is a core of young kids emerging who need supplementing .
The question at the next few trade deadlines will be what Snow did to get the Isles into the playoffs , or deeper , rather than what did he do to salvage value for expiring assets .
Soon , the real fun starts .
Gravity
If a pen is dropped on a moon , will it :
A ) Float away
B ) Float where it is
C ) Fall to the surface of the moon
So a bunch of us TA 's got together and gave our physics classes quizzes asking this question .
Out of 168 people taking the quiz , 48 missed the question .
The responses are below .
Some people did n't write comments .
The spelling and grammar were not changed , however , clarifying comments are enclosed in [ ] 's .
Physics 324 - Modern Physics for Engineers
" A body is at rest tends to stay at rest , plus there 's no gravity "
" The gravity of the moon can be said to be negligible , and also the moon 's a vacuum , there is no external force on the pen .
Therefore it will float where it is . "
" The pen will float away because the gravitational pull of the moon , being approximately 1/6 that of the earth , will not be enough to cause the pen to fall nor remain stationary where it is .
The gravatational pull of other objects would influence the pen "
Physics 222 - Second Semester Calculus - based Introductory Physics
" Because moon has gravitation 1/6 of the gravitation of earth the force will be small toward the moon [ so it will float away ] "
Physics 221 - First Semester Calculus - based Introductory Physics
" It will fall to the earth by force of gravity and by the attraction between the earth and the moon "
" Because the gravitational pull of the moon is much weaker than that of the earth .
And object such as a pen is so lite that it will float "
" Because there are no external forces if you let go [ it will float where it is ]
" External forces that are present on the moon will attract the pen .
There is n't gravity on the moon as there is on earth so the pen wo n't drop . "
" Since there is no gravity it will float and fall slowly .
It will not fall like in the ground quickly because there is no gravity "
" The force of gravity on the moon is a fraction of the gravity on the earth , so the moon would not be able to attract the pen to inself .
Rather , it would only be able to suspend the pen "
" It will eventually fall to the surface of the moon because of the slight gravitational field plus the moment of inertia about the moon .
Also with angular momentum being conserved , it must fall .
I=MR^2 " [ We were studying conservation of angular momentum when I gave this quiz ]
" The pen will fall to the surface of the moon .
As we let go we will introduce some initial enerty into the pen thus putting it in a forward downward motion .
Since on the moon there is no force of resistance the pen will fall very slowly towards the surface "
" If you are standing on the moon holding a pen and you let go , it will float where it is .
It will not fall to the surface of the moon because a gravitational force strong enough to cause this does not exist .
In addition , the pen does not have a lot of external force on it , so it will not be likely to move "
" The pen will fall to the surface of the moon because the moon generates a gravitational field by rotating and the pen must act under this force " .
Physics 111 - First semester Non-calculus Physics
" It will float where it is because there is no gravity force on the moon .
Also , if you just let go there isno acceleration so it should just float where it is . "
" There is no gravitational force on the moon , the pen therefore has no weight so its mass has no effect on ' where it goes ' .
Plus , you know , there is no wind to blow the pen up there ! = ) "
Astronomy 150 - Physics for humanities majors
" [ It will float where it is ]
Because there is n't a real strong gravity force on the moon .
Actually it is like having none at all .
If I remember right , it is only like 2.9m /s ( force of gravity ) "
" It will float away because the gravity of the moon wo n't pull it down to the surface , but it wo n't stay where it is because there is always some force acting on mass - ( even though the gravity of the moon is n't strong enough ) "
" The gravity of the earth will pull it more than that of the moon , so it will float toward earth "
" It 'll float away because your body is not able to stay completely still .
So it would float in the direction your hand was shaking "
" There is not much gravitational pull on the moon to have it fall to the surface .
The pen is so small and light , it probably would not be affected by the gravitation of the moon so it would float away . "
" There is no gravity in space so if you just let it go , it will just gently float away . "
" It will float away because the gravitational force is less than here on the Earth where it would fall .
I think it will float away because of what I have seen of the space rooms NASA uses to get astronauts ready for flight . "
" Theoretically , it should float away because it has no mass , gravity does not pull the pen towards the surface at a great enough rate to make it fall , however it does have enough force to keep it floating and ultimately it will drift away . "
" Because there is no gravity on the moon .
Therefore it would float away because there is nothing to hold it there or to pull it to the surface of the moon "
" [ It will float away ]
Because there would be no gravitational force to hold it there or make it fall to the surface of the moon "
" There is no gravitational pull on the moon to cause pen to come back towards surface .
The pen would float away probably toward the gravitational pull of the earth . "
" [ It will float where it is ]
Because there is no gravitational pull .
It will neither fall towards the moon because there is no gravity to pull it there nor is there any other gravitational force that will pull it away from the moon . "
" Float where it is and will not move because there is no gravitational pull , it will not float away unless it is pushed . "
" The gravity on the moon is such that it wo n't be pulled to the surface , and since the pen wo n't make any movement it should float where it is . "
" It will float where it is until a force acts upon it .
There is no gravity to act upon it . "
Astronomy 120 - Physics for brain - dead
" [ It will float away because there is ] no gravity to hold it and no atmosphere "
" [ It will float away ] because the gravity on the moon is not as great as it is on the earth "
" Because the earth is a greater mass and the pen will be pulled toward the greater body because of gravity .
The moon does n't have that great of a gravitational pull "
" No gravitatational pull so it wo n't fall and no force pulling it away so it will float where it is "
" Lack of gravity on moon allows pen to float in space "
" Because there is no gravitational pull on the moon , there is no pull towards the moon or away from . "
" The moon does n't have gravity like the earth which would bring the pen down to the surface instead the moon 's atmosphere would cause it to float above the moon 's surface . "
" Gravity will not pull it down , because there is less of it .
It should n't float away just because I 've never seen it happen .
There 's a balance between gravity and the opposite force . "
" It would float where it is because gravity would not let it fall to the surface ( there is no gravity ) on the moon .
It would not float away because it has no mass . "
-- +---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Jonathan Partee |partee@iastate.edu | I can't spell .
I know it .|
| Department of *******|partee@sun2.jpl.nasa.gov |
You know it .
Do n't hassle| | Iowa State University | | me about it . |
Here is a similar story about gravity and heavy boots on the moon .
" The jailbreak is all software based , and is as simple to use as blackra1n .
It is completely untethered , works on all current tethered models ( ipt2 , 3gs , ipt3 ) , and will probably work on iPad too . "
Is it April 1st already or does Geohot actually have something real to show ?
There 's no way to be certain that what the self - promoting master of iPhone ( and PS3 ) hacking is demoing is what he says :
Given his track record , we 'll play along for now .
The only thing we can say for sure is that the chosen music accompanying his iPod touch theatrics makes us want to break something , jailtime or not .
See it go down after the break .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Your last stop before eternal enlightenment
“ We believe the bear is under great pressure , ” he said from Washington .
“ It should not be traded internationally . ”
Image Bluefin tuna unloaded in Japan in September .
A trade ban on the species has been rejected .
Credit ... Ko Sasaki for The New York Times
Canada , Greenland and several indigenous communities , which led the effort to defeat the proposal to protect the polar bear , contended that the bear population was healthy and that it could sustain limited hunting and trade in pelts and body parts .
While there is near - universal agreement that the bluefin stocks are in danger , Japan ’s argument resonated with other fishing nations , which were uneasy about what would have been the first intrusion of the endangered species convention into a major commercial fishery .
But Iccat ’s own record on managing the fish is widely seen as unsuccessful : the bluefin population has declined by roughly 80 percent since 1970 .
And while the organization , which has no effective enforcement mechanism , can set quotas , it has set the catch above the level that its own scientists say is safe to ensure the health of the species .
A senior Japanese official said that his country shared the international concern about bluefin stocks , but that the Atlantic fisheries agency was the proper body to regulate its trade , not the United Nations convention .
Masanori Miyahara , chief counselor of the Fisheries Agency of Japan , said after the vote that Japan would now be under pressure to abide by Iccat ’s new , lower quotas for bluefin harvesting , according to The Associated Press .
Iccat moved in November to reduce the bluefin quota to 13,500 tons from 22,000 tons for this year , and said that if stocks were not rebuilt by 2022 it would consider closing some areas .
“ I feel more responsibility to work for the recovery of the species , ” Mr. Miyahara said , The A.P. reported .
“ So it ’s kind of a heavy decision for Japan , too . ”
The Lithuanian anti-piracy outfit LANVA has lost its case against a user of the prominent BitTorrent tracker LinkoManija.net .
After being accused of sharing Windows 7 Ultimate , the defendant walked free when the court decided that uTorrent is not a certified evidence gathering tool .
Last year LANVA reported the IP - addresses of 106 users of the country ’s largest BitTorrent site to the police .
The anti-piracy group claimed that the site ’s users were sharing a copy of the Windows 7 Ultimate operating system and took action on behalf of Microsoft without notifying the software company .
The self - proclaimed investigators evidence consisted of a screenshot of peers as listed by uTorrent .
The evidence was gathered in conjunction with a local police officer , but none of the parties involved was authorized to conduct an investigation of this kind .
LANVA nevertheless took one of the 106 users to court , hoping to set a favorable precedent that would allow them to go after other alleged copyright infringers .
The case went before the courts and the verdict handed down today was not the one the anti-piracy outfit had hoped for .
Citing faulty evidence , the District Court judge closed the case and fully acquitted the sole defendant Sergej Bernotas .
The judge stated that LANVA had no right to collect and use the information they gathered .
In addition , the judge ruled that such evidence gathering techniques have to be approved before they can be used .
Sergej Bernotas Came Out As a Winner
For now , uTorrent and for that matter all other BitTorrent clients remain uncertified as proper evidence collection tools .
To be used as such , the developers would also have to give their approval , something that obviously did n’t happen in this case .
At the court hearing it also became clear that the police officer involved had no IT experience and simply carried out what LANVA told him to .
When the policeman was asked what tools he used to gather evidence he replied “ a computer ” resulting in laughs from the audience .
Aside from the action against several LinkoManija users , the alleged operator of the site is also facing legal action from LANVA and Microsoft .
In January software giant Microsoft sued the alleged operator , demanding $ 43 million from the defendant and his company for assisting in the illegal distribution of Office 2003 and 2007 .
The case against the operator is still ongoing , but today ’s ruling makes it unlikely that LANVA will be successful in pursuing the site ’s users .
The anti-piracy outfit does have the option to appeal , but if they do the case wo n’t be heard before the coming winter .
Happy 100th , Kurosawa-san
Tonight ’s quickie movie news notes have been called off in commemoration of the fact that this is Akira Kurosawa ‘s 100th birthday .
What follows , then , is a fairly random assortment of trailers and scenes from key films , some personal favorites , and a couple of lesser known films by the Emperor .
If you ’re not familiar with the great Japanese director , one of the movies ’ strongest storytellers and masters of imagery who was also the first Asian director to become widely known in the west , you might start with that Wikipedia entry I linked to above .
Or , simply take a look at what follows .
Pay just a little attention and I think you may be intrigued .
We ’ll start with the worldwide art - house hit that made first made Mr. Kurosawa ’s name outside of Japan way back in 1950 .
Several more videos after the jump .
Few of Kurosawa ’s samurai films were , by today ’s standards , even remotely action - fests , though they all had stunning action sequences .
Still 1961 ’s blackly comic “ Yojimbo ” starring Kurosawa ’s best known leading man , Toshiro Mifune — later remade without permission by Sergio Leone as “ A Fistful of Dollars ” — is , in many respects , the first modern - style high body - count action film to be seen in the west .
Lots of people indirectly owe their careers to this one .
Here ’s one of the movie ’s best scenes as the “ bodyguard ” disinfects a village run by murderous thugs in his own semi-heroic style .
And here ’s a trailer for another film which set the template for many a genre film to come , 1954 ’s “ The Seven Samurai , ” which became “ The Magnificent Seven ” and “ A Bug ’s Life , ” among many others .
Just to show you that Kurosawa did keep up with the times slightly , a very bad woman meets her fate as we see his brutal yet artistic take on the splatter genre from his final epic masterpiece , 1985 ’s “ Ran . ”
Most people associate Kurosawa with period films , but some of his greatest films were set in his own time .
Below are two of my personal favorites , both looking — in very different ways — at the cost of the 20th century obsession with money and success .
This U.S. produced trailer for 1963 ’s “ High and Low ” is almost a work of art of its own .
1960 ’s “ The Bad Sleep Well ” is a film about business corruption and a “ Hamlet ” like revenge plot .
Considering what this country has been through recently I , personally , would not object to a U.S. remake .
And here are two rather astonishing sequences from a couple of lesser known Kurosawa films that I actually have n’t managed to see yet but , well , my God , they ’re amazing .
First , Kurosawa explores his usually well - hidden hep - cat side .
That was from 1948 ’s “ Drunken Angels ” and this is from Mr. K’s take on Dostoyevsky in modern dress in 1951 ’s “ The Idiot . ”
So , how do you translate “ Prince Myshkin ” into Japanese ?
And , finally , an indescribable sequence which Roger Ebert nevertheless describes beautifully in his “ Great Movies ” essay on probably Kurosawa ’s most beloved modern dress film , “ Ikiru , ” from 1952 .
It ’s about what it means to be dying when your life has been wasted but you have a “ bucket list ” of only one item .
Download frostwire -6.8.5.amd64.deb
As of FrostWire 6.8.5 we ’re moving all of our builds to run on OpenJDK14 .
They linux build will still run fine with OpenJDK11 on your $ {PATH} but we highly
recommend you have OpenJDK14 to help you sort out any weird behavior and reduce
JRE fragmentation on the network .
If you do n’t have openjdk - 14 - jre installed when you install the FrostWire 6.8.5 . deb file you will get an error like the following :
Unpacking frostwire ( 6.8.5 ) ...
dpkg : dependency problems prevent configuration of frostwire :
frostwire depends on openjdk - 14 - jre- headless ; however :
Package openjdk - 14 - jre- headless is not installed .
In order to solve just issue the command :
sudo apt -f install
It will try to pickup on the last failed install and download all the missing dependencies for you .
$ sudo apt -f install
Reading package lists ...
Done
Building dependency tree
Reading state information ...
Done
Correcting dependencies ...
Done
The following additional packages will be installed :
openjdk-14-jre-headless
Suggested packages :
fonts - ipafont - gothic fonts - ipafont - mincho fonts - wqy - microhei | fonts - wqy - zenhei
The following NEW packages will be installed :
openjdk-14-jre-headless
0 upgraded , 1 newly installed , 0 to remove and 5 not upgraded .
1 not fully installed or removed .
Need to get 43.2 MB of archives .
After this operation , 190 MB of additional disk space will be used .
Do you want to continue ? [ Y /n ] Y
Get : 1 http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu eoan/universe amd64 openjdk-14-jre-headless amd64 14~18-1 [ 43.2 MB ]
Fetched 43.2 MB in 9s ( 4,920 kB/s )
Selecting previously unselected package openjdk - 14 - jre-headless :amd64 .
( Reading database ... 377184 files and directories currently installed . )
Preparing to unpack .../ openjdk-14-jre-headless_14~18-1_amd64.deb ...
Unpacking openjdk-14-jre-headless:amd64 ( 14~18 - 1 ) ...
Setting up openjdk - 14 - jre-headless:amd64 ( 14~18 - 1 ) ...
update - alternatives : using / usr / lib / jvm / java-14-openjdk-amd64/ bin / jfr to provide /usr / bin / jfr ( jfr ) in auto mode
update - binfmts : warning : current package is openjdk - 11 , but binary format already installed by openjdk - 6
Setting up frostwire ( 6.8.5 ) ...
If this does n’t work out , that only means your apt sources can’t find the OpenJDK - 14 ubuntu packages .
We recommend that you update your ubuntu to the latest version , by the time we wrote this post we were running ubuntu eoan .
If you ca n’t or wo n’t upgrade to ubuntu eoan , you can always add the package repo and install the openjdk manually
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:openjdk-r/ ppa
sudo apt update
sudo apt install openjdk - 14 - jre- headless
Why is the new . deb almost twice as large as the previous versions .
In the past , OpenJDK would include a tool called “ pack200 ” which would allow us to greatly compress our Java .class files prior to packing everything in the .deb/.tar.gz or .rpm files
Oracle removed the pack200 tools from the OpenJDK starting at version 14 .
Perhaps there were some impossible tradeoffs they made when compiling and pack200 was no longer a viable tool .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Flattr
More
Email
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
As US tanks rolled into Baghdad , Saddam Hussein 's statue was toppled The BBC devoted a special day of coverage to finding out more about life inside Iraq .
Nearly three years after Saddam Hussein 's government lost control of Baghdad , life for many Iraqis is still unstable .
The BBC News website asked a panel of six Iraqis from around the country to answer questions sent in by readers from around the world .
Find out more about our panellists
Read on to see what they had to say about everyday life and security in Iraq .
Question from from a reader of the BBC PERSIAN website in Iran 1945 Iraq time ( 1545 GMT ) Q : Some people in Iran think that the problems of their country could only be solved by a US military action .
Given the fact that you have already experienced a similar scenario , what is your assessment ?
Samir : I want my message to reach the Americans themselves .
If their goal was to create the new Middle East and the foundation of a democratic example of a country that chooses its leaders , then I will tell them that the result of their military action is totally the opposite .
The majority of people in the Middle East are now holding their leaders close to them even if they are unfair , because they fear facing the same fate as Iraq .
The military action did not work .
Read more about Samir Ali Question from Ridha , Colombo , Sri Lanka 1920 Iraq time ( 1520 GMT ) Q : Iraq was under dictatorship for a long time and Some feel that this is the only form of rule that would bring some sort of peace to this country .
Would it be that we will have to see another dictatorship before we see peace in Iraq ?
Sa'ad : Unfortunately this is what we have been seeing .
We have replaced a military dictatorship with a religious one , for the time being .
Now we have Islamic parties , both Sunni and Shia and they are imposing their ideology on the people .
No -one is capable of standing up to them .
Lots of the killing we are seeing , and the violence , is because of this kind of ideology .
If you stand up , you will be eliminated .
So what 's new ?
It 's the same thing as under Saddam , but now we are dealing with several Saddams , not just one .
Read more about Sa'ad Al - Izzi Question from a reader of the BBC PERSIAN website in Iran , 1910 Iraq time ( 1510 GMT ) Q : Some people in Iran think that the problems of their country could only be solved by a US military action .
Given the fact that you have already experienced a similar scenario , what is your assessment ?
Zeynab :
This is a great failure .
It ca n't be an experience to follow .
What is happening now in Iraq should be the major lesson for US in order not to repeat this experience , the American intervention in Iran wo n't influence positively in Iraq as the pro Iranian militias will remain here , and will continue receiving support from Iran beside the possibility of similar violence in Iran .
Read more about Zeynab Question from a reader of the BBC PERSIAN website in Iran , 1900 Iraq time ( 1500 GMT ) Q :
It seems that Iraq 's currency has become stronger since the down fall of Saddam 's regime .
I have heard that the average salary of a teacher has risen from $ 3 to $ 100 .
Does this mean people are better off ?
COST OF BASIC GOODS US$ 1 kg lamb - $ 6 1 kg bread - $ 0.50 20 litres petrol - $ 3.50 ( subsidised ) or $ 6.80 - $ 8.20 ( black market )
All figures March 2006 Facts and figures about Iraq Sa'ad : No-one can deny that salaries have improved considerably .
Sometimes that salary under Saddam would have been even lower : $ 1 , not $ 3 !
But with the deteriorating services , people are spending more and more than during Saddam¿s time .
For example , then you could fill your car tank with fuel for 1,000 dinars .
Now , because of shortages in fuel products and the long , long queues at gas stations , you go to the black market and buy it for 50,000 dinars , if not more .
The same thing applies to electricity , cooking gas , heating and so on , and the total is enormous .
So the increased salaries often do n't cover it .
Question from a reader of the BBC PERSIAN website in Iran , 1850 Iraq time ( 1450 GMT ) Q : Given the history of war between Iran and Iraq , what kind of role do you think Iran has in the security situation in Iraq ?
Positive or negative ?
Sa'ad :
Well , I think the official statements from Iranian officials have been positive but at the same time you can hear some Iraqi officials and coalition officials blaming the Iranian authorities or security services of providing weapons and training and financing for some of the armed groups in Iraq .
Lots of people blame Iran for many things taking place in Iraq , because they think if there was a success story for the coalition in Iraq , this would encourage other nations to look for a similar liberation in their countries from dictatorships - whether they are military or religious .
So some analysts accuse Iran and even Syria of preventing a stable , secure Iraq from happening .
Question from Kim Donnelly , Capetown , South Africa , 1835 Iraq time ( 1435 GMT ) Q :
Do you think that the motivation for the US invasion of Iraq was truly to release you as human beings from an authoritarian regime or do you think that the US invasion was a self - serving act to ensure future US economic control within Iraq ?
Layla :
It was not to free us .
I 'm a victim of the regime , and Iraqi people understand that the US invasion of Iraq [ in 1991 ] gave them an opportunity to be free from the regime .
But America did n't support the uprisings in the south and north in 1991 .
Hundreds of thousands died .
If they really wanted to free the Iraqi people , they should have freed them at that time but they did n't .
This time it just so happened that their interests coincided with freeing the Iraqi people from the regime .
I 'm very happy that we got rid of Saddam , but I think all the western countries , the UK , US , and others , have an interest in Iraq .
It 's an oil country , in addition to its strategic position in the Middle East .
Question from Marije , Nottingham , UK , 1830 Iraq time ( 1430 GMT ) Q : For Layla .
Do you have good hopes for the future regarding the position of the female in family and society , now that the regime has changed ?
Layla : Definitely .
If we go back to the time when the regime was in power , there was no room for women except for women who were loyal to the regime , and even then they were tools of the regime , to transfer the opinions that the regime wanted .
Now there will be a role for women , they will have their rights , a right to play a big role in politics , and social life , and defining the family 's rights , kids ' rights .
And the political parties and NGOs are encouraging women to take their part in the political process .
Question from Laurence , Oxford , UK , 1800 Iraq time ( 1400 GMT ) Q :
Is it safer for Iraqis to live in villages and away from the main towns and cities ?
Days after the end of the war , Zeynab 's family pose by a tank Zeynab :
Yes , I have relatives in other provinces who do not hear aircrafts or explosions .
When they came to visit us they were shocked at the state of things .
The provinces are calm , however .
My sister lives in a village near Baghdad where there is a concentration of American and Iraqi security forces .
The allied forces raided their home one night and forced them out .
Meanwhile Iraqi forces threatened them too .
Some places are not really calm but in general the provinces are more safe and calm than Baghdad and big cities .
The picture on the right is of my family just days after the end of the war .
This tank was abandoned near our home .
Many war devices were left all over Baghdad at that time .
BAGHDAD MOSQUE EXPLOSION
More than 40 people have been killed in an apparent suicide bomb attack on the Shia Buratha mosque in Baghdad .
The BBC News website asked the panellists for their response .
Baghdad mosque attack ' kills 51 ' Layla : I just came from nearby [ where the bombing happened ] .
It 's a very famous mosque - there is a cemetery in there .
Iraqis who do n't have the money to go to Najaf bury their dead there .
I just called my friend who is the sister of the sheikh - Sheikh Jalal [ Jalal al - Din al - Saghir , the imam of the Buratha Mosque ] .
She 's OK but she 's in a panic .
She said they are moving injured people from the mosque now .
It 's very sad and very bad , that they 've been trying to attack this mosque .
It played a very important role in the election campaign .
The Sheikh was a great activist .
He is one of the exiled peoples from Saddam 's regime .
He came back straight away after the fall of the regime .
His father was the Imam of this mosque 30 years ago .
The Friday prayer at that mosque is one of the biggest ones in Baghdad .
I 've been there on Fridays , but one day I had to come back because there was no way to make my way to the prayer room .
Read more about Layla al - Khafaji Essam : I am so shocked , I can not believe it .
I used to go to this mosque very regularly when I lived in Baghdad three years ago .
It is such a holy place and it has a big area .
You could hear the leaves shake in the trees when so many hundreds of Shia Muslims bowed down to pray .
It is over 1,000 years old and I used to go there because there is a holy well with holy water on the site - where Imam Ali visited centuries ago .
Zeynab :
This is becoming an everyday story in our lives .
Bombing a mosque , school or hospital is is something you always hear about .
I did n't hear the explosion as the mosque is not that near to me .
I do expect Shia to retaliate .
There are security forces who are supposed to protect the mosque .
Might they be involved ?
I can't be biased either way .
I am Shia and my husband is Sunni .
Question from Paul , London , UK , 1645 Iraq time ( 1245 GMT ) Q : Recently the UK media gave lots of coverage , over a period of several days , to claims that Iraq is in a state of " civil war " .
Why do you think that none of the Iraqi interviewees has mentioned the civil war at all ?
Which faction do you think is winning the civil war ?
What do you think will be the long - term outcome ?
Click here to see where Iraq 's ethnic and religious groups live
Enlarge Map
Samir : Politics hides the truth .
There is fire beneath ash .
There is a civil war - how do you describe the exchange of mortars between regions with high density of Sunni and Shia ?
Everyone admits that there are Iraqi and foreign militias .
But in a civil war there is no winner Ask Rwanda ask Lebanon or any other country which had a civil war , all end up losing .
In my opinion what we have now was expected , and in order to go to a safe place we have to go through this road , but we did n't imagine it would be that bad .
I hope the United States might change its strategy here .
I hope it might work .
Read more about Samir Ali Question from Donald Currie , Edinburgh , UK , 1630 Iraq time ( 1230 GMT ) Q :
What can you tell me about how Sunnis and Shias in Iraq relate to each other ?
Samir :
It 's a religious difference .
The schism is related to historical approaches in Islam , to who has the right to interpret the Koran .
It 's a historical issue started more that thousand years ago .
Relations between Shia and Sunni were very good before the occupation .
There are many mixed marriages .
Nobody will be willing to give his daughter to man who he dislikes .
But in the last few months there has been a tense environment between the two parties .
It 's its all about differences between the political rivals .
I think if politics in Iraq was n't sectarian , things would have been much better .
Those parties are based on sectarian principles each wants his sect to be the dominant one .
That is why there is conflict .
Despite this , there is still a healthy relationship between Shia and Sunni - there are mixed marriages .
Question from Matt Sirotkin , Chicago , USA , 1540 Iraq time ( 1140 GMT ) Q :
In your opinion , from where do the intense violence and infighting come ?
Zeynab : I think the occupation , the Iraqi army and the police are all responsible for the current situation .
The Iraqi security forces are now sectarian and they coordinate with the occupation to carry out this terror .
The army during Saddam 's time was multi-ethnic ( Shia , Kurd and Sunni ) their mission was to protect Iraq and Iraqis but now nobody is defending the Iraqi people .
Question from Daphne Constantine , East Grinstead , UK , 1520 Iraq time ( 1120 GMT ) Q : Not so long ago Iraq did not exist as a country but was " invented " by the West .
Do you feel that dividing Iraq into two or three separate countries to cater for the disparate groups within it would make a better long - term solution ?
Sa'ad : Yes , Iraq was created in the 1920s .
But if you look at the 1950s and 1960s , you can see a real success story .
We were a modern state which was a model in the region , whose foundation was democracy and politics , education and people working hard .
It was a country which could not be considered part of the third world .
So I think we could go back to that modern state .
None of the regions - Shia , Kurdish , and so on - on their own will be strong enough to be a good state like Iraq in the 1950s and 60s .
It would be impractical to cut Iraq into three parts .
If we divide Sunni from Shia , what will people like me do ?
My mother 's side is Shia , my father 's side is Sunni .
You have tribes where one part is Shia and one part is Sunni .
All of these divisions only came into existence because of political parties who offered themselves as strictly Shia and strictly Sunni , so it 's impractical .
IRAQ : POTTED HISTORY 1920 : Iraq placed under British mandate after Ottoman empire falls ; national boundaries redrawn 1932 : Iraqi independence 1958 : Monarchy overthrown ; Baathists take power in 1968 1980 - 88 : Iran - Iraq war 1990 - 91 : Iraqi invasion of Kuwait ; UN sanctions imposed ; first Gulf War 1998 - 2001 : Periodic US / UK air strikes 2003 : US - led coalition topples Saddam Hussein
Full timeline Essam : [ Laughing ]
No way !
How can you divide the one land .
We have here in Samawa Shias , Sunnis and Kurds .
Iraq can never be divided .
We are just like a fruit cocktail .
When the Shia holy shrines in Najaf were destroyed we all went out in demonstrations - from south to north - holding hands together and speaking with one voice .
There is an attempt from some provocative media outlets to show Iraq as if it is a destroyed country about to vanish .
This is not true .
I was in the market yesterday and everything is in great order .
The army and police were everywhere .
I have n't seen such order in my life even in the era of Saddam Hussein which was dominated by the secret service presence in the streets .
We are fine and Iraq is beautiful .
See it from the real perspective .
My brother is a university student in Baghdad and he is tells me that his life is good there .
But these media channels exaggerate the security situation .
They should talk about the positive in Iraq .
Read more about Essam Hamoudi Question from Marije , Nottingham , UK , 1500 Iraq time ( 1100 GMT ) Q :
What is the general view on martyrs in Iraq ?
Do many people still promote this kind of extremism , either overtly or covertly ?
Is this reducing at all ?
Essam : Iraq is an Islamic country and Islam prohibits the unjustified killing of human souls .
Those suicide bomber are not Iraqis .
Iraqi people do not like them at all .
Those fighters of al - Zarqawi are outsiders who came into Iraq and recruited people to operate in highly populated areas - the last time they bombarded a group of workers .
The real martyrs from the Iraqi viewpoint are those innocent victims of terrorism .
Nobody encouraged those suicide attacks , neither now nor in the era of the unjust and harmful regime of Saddam .
Read more about Essam Hamoudi Question from James Hayes , London , UK , 1450 Iraq time ( 1050 GMT ) Q :
What in your opinion has been the single biggest mistake made by the US - led coalition in its invasion and occupation of Iraq ?
Sa'ad : I think the biggest mistake was that they adopted similar policies to those used after the fall of Nazi Germany .
They thought that whoever was a Baathist was like a Nazi - but that is not true , because Iraqis were forced to join the Baathists , not like in Germany when members actually believed in the party 's principles .
There was a witch - hunt .
Lots of efficient , qualified people were marginalised , put aside and sent home , not to have any role in building the new Iraq .
Of course , they did not lay down and die in their houses , they had to do something , and it became a struggle for survival .
In order to stay alive and survive you had to fight and this was the start of the insurgency .
This applies particularly to the Iraqi army which was disbanded .
Read more about Sa'ad Al - Izzi Question from Abbos Azad , Berkshire , UK , 1440 Iraq time ( 1040 GMT ) Q : Since the breakdown of Iraq do you think that there is now a vast increase in people who question there faith ?
Have suicide levels risen ?
Sa'ad :
Well , sectarian feelings are now at a peak , because when you have a certain sect on one side becoming strong , the other sect feels threatened , so it leads them to gather and face down the other side .
If you are a sociologist , you will find that whenever there are troubles or wars , people tend to go towards religion and God for hope , for some kind of moral boost .
I do n't think suicide has risen , mostly because suicide in Islam is seen as a sin , like any other religion , and the punishment is that you go to hell .
Suicide bombers do n't see themselves as committing suicide but becoming martyrs .
Question from Matt Sirotkin , Chicago , USA , 1410 Iraq time ( 1010 GMT ) Q : What misconceptions do you feel Westerners have about Iraq and the Middle East ?
Zeynab : Westerners can't see us as we really are .
We have our own civilisation and culture .
We have modern life .
The media does n't represent that picture so our culture is not clear for the West .
Satellite channels should introduce more details of our life in different areas and not only politics .
That might help for better understanding .
Our country had good security during Saddam and we were able to walk down the streets at midnight .
Financially it was n't about luxury but at least it was sufficient for a moderate life .
It was stable somehow .
Read more about Zeynab Question from Mandy Williams Indiana , USA , 1400 Iraq time ( 1000 GMT ) Q : Women were relatively well - off under Saddam .
Do you worry that the " new Iraq " will be very conservative , and perhaps restrict women 's rights ?
How are the children coping with the all the violence going on around them ?
Do you think that their generation will look back on this and feel bitter towards the US and their allies ?
Zeynab says women are determined to hold on to their rights Zeynab :
Only women close to Saddam regime had their full rights but the normal women did n't have that .
I do n't think the situation would be worse , we did n't have enough rights , and nobody will reduce the few that we have .
Our children are scared , they live in a civil war .
The bombing and shooting should have been ended by the ousting of the ex-regime but there is still violence everywhere .
There will definitely be bitterness .
My son is now 13 years old .
When he reaches his twenties he will say that when the US entered our country and the regime was ousted , robbery and assaults spread everywhere , central authorities were dissolved and chaos was there .
He will definitely remember that .
Mateen :
For my children , the situation here in Kurdistan is very calm , we are not being affected directly by the violence .
It 's like life in the US , UK , any European country , except the level of services is not as good as there or even comparable .
EDUCATION IN IRAQ
By 2004 , 315 schools were partially or fully restored In 2005 , 50,000 primary school teachers underwent training In 2005 , 7.9 m boys and girls went to school Source : Unicef
But from a security point of view , we do n't have those kind of problems .
We are in a safe part of the country , everyone is free , there are no thieves , you can leave your door open , travel at any time , go for picnics , go shopping late at night - so our children are not witnessing those kinds of problems .
People have lost interest in the [ security ] situation [ elsewhere ] - they do n't want to watch those bad things on the TV .
Of course we are very sorry about what is happening .
Many of my wife 's relatives are living in those parts of the country , and their situation is very difficult .
They are living in a kind of prison and their children are traumatised .
But remember we ourselves have gone through this kind of situation - not for a few years but for 40 or 50 years from the time I was born .
We have been displaced , we have been immigrants , we have seen bombings .
So my children were already adapted to that .
Read more about Mateen Question from DM , London , UK , 1320 Iraq time ( 0920 GMT ) Q: For a while I have been wondering about the infrastructure in the larger cities in Iraq .
What kind of condition was the infrastructure in before the second war ?
Were there regular power cuts and brown - outs ?
How sophisticated was the sewerage and water supply ?
What are they like now and how are they improving ?
Mateen says his home city of Dohuk has no sewage system Mateen : During the early 90s our city of Dohuk was without electricity for more than two years .
We did n't have any kind of electricity .
Then people adapted themselves and started to set up big generators and we were getting limited quantities of electricity from Turkey - but only for a few hours .
The situation currently is very good , but it 's not sustainable because unless you have electricity or a power generation plant , you do n't feel safe .
Still we are face blackouts but those private generators are still there .
The water situation is not bad .
There is no shortage .
People are getting enough tap water .
In the past there was a big problem of water supply because of the [ city 's ] expansion .
Nothing has changed regarding sewage .
In our city we do n't have a sewage system , the waste water is running all over the street .
That 's a big problem .
Read more about Mateen Question from Karen , Texas , USA , 1220 Iraq time ( 0820 GMT ) Q : Zeynab , your courage is to be commended .
As a fellow primary school educator , my students and I are interested in how your classroom and school has changed over the past few years .
How do your students view their country 's current situation and what are their feelings about the future ?
What problems do you and your students face every day ?
A Baghdad schoolboy in his classroom after a mortar attack Zeynab :
There was a reconstruction plan but this was applied only to the outer face of the buildings .
Inside the building it remains the same , if not worse .
We have only one source of light inside classrooms and this is insufficient .
Before the war we used to have cleaning service employees but now the students have to leave their classes and do the cleaning themselves .
Some students are decided .
They will help to build the country in the future but others are very frustrated and do n't care about studies anymore because they see no horizon .
The major problem which we face every single day is the security issue , I myself moved my son from Al Mansour ( Baghdad ) school which is the best school in the area to another less prestigious school , I took this decision when the school guard was killed and also in order to avoid car bombs .
I 'm grateful to you and every one who is concerned about my country and as a colleague I wish you all the best , Thanks a lot .
Question from Christina Rush , Memphis , USA , 1210 Iraq time ( 0810 GMT ) Q : Do you think Iraq would be safer if the U.S. troops left right now ?
Why or why not ?
Samir :
No , I do n't think it would be safer .
There would be a civil war .
But they [ the US troops ] are dealing with the situation in the wrong way .
They should leave the cities and the roads , get away from our homes .
They are trying to enter our homes and search our homes .
We do n't know why - we do n't believe their excuses for it .
But we need them to support our country .
Iraq needs the Americans to get out of this bad situation .
I think most Iraqis hate them , dislike them - but they 're not afraid of them , I do n't think .
Read more about Samir Ali Zeynab :
No , I do n't think so .
Not now .
If they go now Iraq would n't be safer .
The Iraqi army and the police can't maintain security in this stage , they wo n't be able to do the job .
Read more about Zeynab Mateen :
No , I think it would be a fatal mistake for allied forces to withdraw from Iraq immediately without preparation and making sure the country is strong enough to cope with security problems .
I assure you , the country would separate immediately into several entities - it would be worse than Somalia .
I do n't think the US and UK would make that mistake .
If they left , everyone would be in trouble , the country would separate .
The current government is not strong enough at the moment to control the security situation and face the security threat .
Iraq has a very difficult geopolitical position .
Question from Andrew Bayly , Melbourne , Australia , 1150 Iraq time ( 0750 GMT ) Q : I am interested in your students ' reactions to daily life .
Are the children happy ?
What do they worry about ?
Have things improved or worsened for the children since this war began ?
And thank you Zeynab for doing your job .
My own young children love their teachers , but they have never had to live through a war .
Facts and figures about life in Iraq Zeynab :
My children live in great fear .
There are bombs and aircraft everywhere so they can't even follow their lessons in class for the high volume of aircraft sound .
They can't be happy in such circumstances .
As all children when they have opportunity they play although sometimes explosions stop them from playing .
They are really concerned about security and also about social conditions .
I 'm speaking about money .
The dissolved ministries did n't pay salaries for its ex-employees so families and of course kids were badly affected .
Whether they grow up to be fulfilled will depend on each student .
There are some who are ambitious and think they might be able to rebuild the future of Iraq , while others do n't .
However , I think that if the sectarian faces of the political leaders remain here Iraq wo n't change .
We have had too many false promises from politicians .
Read more about Zeynab Question from Omar , Rome , Italy , 1140 Iraq time ( 0740GMT ) Q : To Sa'ad al - Izzi : Other Arab states have been absent from the political arena in Iraq ?
To what extent is the Iraqi government isolationist .
Can Iraq engage actively in the Arab region ?
Sa'ad :
Most of the Arab people in surrounding countries were cheering for Saddam .
This may have created a backlash from Iraqis .
It seems to me that the Arabs looking at the government which came after Saddam saw them as a bunch of traitors - and they saw Saddam as a patriotic pro-Arab leader .
Saddam is the only one who hit Israel with missiles and this made him a real hero in the Arab world .
So there was a lot of disappointment in the Arab world when he was deposed .
In some senses there is a rift between some Iraqi people and the people in the rest of the Arab world .
Read more about Sa'ad Al - Izzi Question from Laura , Orange , USA , 1135 , Iraq time ( 0735 GMT ) Q : To Samir Ali : Would you prefer security under Saddam 's rule to the present unpredictability of today 's situation ?
Samir :
That 's a great question and difficult to answer .
Security is a very important issue in our lives , but Saddam 's time was a very dark era .
I think we need to pass through this bad time in order to reach our goal of a good , stable , progressive country .
Read more about Samir Ali Question from Brad , Bath , Maine , USA , 1120 Iraq time ( 0720GMT ) Q : I am a marine who has served in Iraq .
When I was there , I was n't able to leave our base and see what Iraq is like .
Does any one of the commentators envision a day when veterans such as I will be able to visit Iraq as a tourist and be able to explore the country and culture that we fought for ?
Essam works at the police training academy in the town of Samawa Essam : Yes , of course .
But you should come to the south of Iraq .
Do n't go to the North as Baghdad is dangerous and Fallujah is unsafe as well .
But in the south we have water and many ancient and beautiful places that you can visit .
It is not a problem .
I feel very safe in my town , where I work with the army .
There is a police training academy here too .
Just last year during our elections , two Japanese people came .
We walked everywhere with them and people would come and say hello to them .
They had total freedom of movement .
The north of Iraq is also beautiful .
It 's really nice country up north in Iraq , which I believe has been virtually independent since 1991 .
Read more about Essam Hamoudi Question from Abdul Muttar Haloob , 1115 Iraq time ( 0715GMT ) Q : To Dr. Samir Ali ..
Are there enough doctors and nurses staying over night in the hospitals to take care of sick people and is there enough medicine to keep them alive ?
Samir :
No , there is a great shortage of medical supplies and medicine and also our senior [ doctors ] have left the country due to the bad security situation here .
There 's a good number of doctors and nurses , but we have lost our senior doctors .
Read more about Samir Ali Question from Alexander Ames , USA , 1105 Iraq time ( 0705 GMT ) Q : Are any of the universities back in operation ?
I read that most universities were looted and lacked books , desks and computers .
Has this situation improved ?
Essam :
This is a good question because my answer will tell you about the wonderful people in our country .
Maybe some books were looted .
But the people who were responsible for the libraries took many really valuable books to their homes and kept them in safety .
Afterwards , they returned them to the libraries of each university .
This is why our country is so rich .
It is full of good people .
I heard of one lady in Basra who without the agreement of the dean of Basra college , loaded up a truck and kept the valuable manuscripts herself .
When the Coalition Provisional Authority started functioning , she brought back the book to the college .
Read more about Essam Hamoudi Question from Sam Hawkins , Edinburgh , 1100 Iraq time ( 0700 GMT ) Q :
Do you think the news coverage of Iraq by Western journalists , including the BBC , who are heavily reliant on military press releases and almost never venture outside the green zone , bears any resemblance to reality ?
Is the story we are given manipulated by the coalition forces ?
Sa'ad : I doubt coverage is manipulated , especially the coverage that comes from Western , high - standard media establishments .
Many journalists
I know have been committed to the Iraqi story for more than three years .
It is obviously easier for Arab journalists , such as myself , to mingle in the streets and meet people .
Arab journalists do not stand out in a crowd .
But just yesterday , I went to Najaf with a couple of reporters from the Washington Post .
We went through a very " hot " area - it is known as the triangle of death .
We heard about five people who had been killed on the road that day .
Many people are targeted in this country - doctors , masons , college professors too .
It 's just a dangerous place but everyone tries hard to work .
Read more about Sa'ad Al - Izzi
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
