Yesterday DJ Strouse , a student in MIT ’s quantum computing summer school , pointed me to A Mathematician ’s Lament by Paul Lockhart , the most blistering indictment of K - 12 “ math ” education I ’ve ever encountered .
Lockhart says pretty much everything I ’ve wanted to say about this subject since the age of twelve , and does so with the thunderous rage of an Old Testament prophet .
If you like math , and more so if you think you do n’t like math , I implore you to read his essay with every atom of my being .
Which is not to say I do n’t have a few quibbles :
1 . I think Lockhart gives too much credit to the school system when he portrays the bureaucratization , hollowing - out , and general doofusication of knowledge as unique to math .
In my experience , science , literature , and other fields are often butchered with quite as much gusto .
Not until grad school , for example , had I sufficiently recovered from eleventh - grade English to give Shakespeare another try ( or from Phys Ed do push - ups ) .
2. Lockhart does n’t discuss the many ways motivated students can and do end up learning what math is , despite the best efforts of the school system to prevent it .
These side - channels include the web , the books of Martin Gardner , recreational programming , and math competitions and camps .
Obviously it ’s no defense of an execrable system to point out how some people learn in spite of it — but these omissions make the overall picture too depressing even for me ( which is really saying something ) .
3 . In describing math purely as a soul - uplifting pursuit of beautiful patterns , Lockhart leaves open the question of why , in that case , it ’s been in bed with science and technology throughout its history — not merely for the education bureaucrats but for Archimedes , Newton , and Gauss .
( Of course , like most relationships , this one is not without its sniping feuds . )
Personally I have no problem with teachers who want to recognize and celebrate that aspect of math , provided the students respond to it .
“ So you say you want theorems that are not only beautiful , but also inspired by physics or economics or cryptography ?
Line up then , because here comes a heaping helping of them … ”
4. Lockhart does n’t address an interesting problem that ’s arisen in my own teaching over the last few years .
Namely , what happens when you try to teach as he advocates — with history and philosophy and challenging puzzles and arguments about the definitions and improvisation and digressions — but the students want more structure and drill and routine ?
Should you deny it to them ?
( For myself , I concluded that brains come in different types , and that it would be presumptuous to assume a teaching style that would n’t work for me ca n’t possibly work for anyone else .
Still , before beginning a traditional rote drill session , it ’s probably a good idea for all parties involved to agree on a safe - word . )
In the end , Lockhart ’s lament is subversive , angry , and radical … but if you know anything about math and anything about K - 12 “ education ” ( at least in the United States ) , I defy you to read it and find a single sentence that is n’t permeated , suffused , soaked , and encrusted with truth .
Dozens of official and private flights carry to Sardinia every weekend a cohort of beauties who entertain the head of the Italian government and his friends .
Following the first lady 's accusations and the Noemigate , Italy reveals to the world its air of lower empire .
Will Berlusconi have to pay a price ?
Endless gardens , artificial lakes , sexual organs on display , lesbian games , special effects , free pizza and ice cream ...
A geriatric rest home full of terrific bodies .
The photographs censored in Italy following Silvio Berlusconi 's initiative illustrate the uninhibited routine at the mansion the head of State owns on the Emerald Coast of Sardinia .
Más información Anatomía de Berluscolandia
Monday June 1 , the gardens of the Quirinal presidential palace , Day of the Republic : hundreds of the regime 's grandees go up to greet the prime minister , hounded by the reactions to news of his friendship with Noemi Letizia , an 18 year old girl .
Seventy percent of those distinguished personalities approach Mr Berlusconi with their daughters in tow , not their wives .
Welcome to Berluscoland , the country where all young girls want to be veline ( TV hostesses ) .
Let us now visit Villa Certosa , the mysterious Sardinian mansion property of the Milanese tycoon who is currently Prime Minister and rotating president of the G - 8 , as well as leader of the People of Freedom party , elected by show of hands .
Since it was revealed that Noemi Letizia , the 18 year old young woman from Naples who calls Berlusconi " Papi " , spent New Year 's eve at the house along with 30 other veline ( TV hostesses ) , all Italians fantasize with that name : Villa Certosa .
The property is every mobster 's dream , especially if he is under arrest : olive and palm trees , pools everywhere , free ice cream and pizza at will , artificial lakes , an amphitheater where the unavoidable Mariano Apicella , who has published two records with Berlusconi as song writer , plays and sings his Neapolitan songs ...
The turquoise sea , the great main house , the secret chambers , the underground canal which directly connects the villa to the sea - inspired by a James Bond film - the 60 hectares park grounds , the bungalows the owner offers his female guests ( always more girls than men , a ratio of four to one ) , all of it refurbished and renovated in 2006 for a cool 12 million Euros .
The villa even has , according to a very trustworthy source , an underground nuclear shelter , and the supplies are regularly restocked .
And then there 's the veline , the beauties who , perhaps , who knows , might one day characterize this bizarre period of History as Berlusconism - Velinism .
The beauty of the word velina ( not to be confused with bellina ) is as suggestive as its origin : the velina was the note sent to newspapers from the fascist censors ' office , explaining what could and could not be written .
This description as something out of context was applied , in time , to the TV hostesses who performed tasks beyond their decorative duties , next to the table where the journalist reads the news for instance .
" The velina is here " .
It stuck , and has carried on to this day .
Even though it has always been a well known secret , Italy has had no moral qualms about living with the fact that Silvio Berlusconi has met , courted , invited , recommended , employed , helped and promoted hundreds of veline during his political career .
The list is too long and anonymous to be printed here .
During a decade of visits , parties and short trips , almost all of these veline , and many more , would have logically stopped by Villa Certosa .
The best bodies in Italy .
The prettiest and most innocent faces .
Aspiring models , actresses , cabaret stars , majorettes , hostesses .
Very young girls , 17 and 18 to 28 and 29 years old , no more : butterflies freshly out of the family cocoon who have become part of the sheik 's harem .
When he welcomes them into his fold , according to Concita de Gregorio , editor of daily L'Unitá , " he gives them a jewel shaped like a butterfly , like a sort of contract or seal .
It is the sultan 's seal " .
For the past 15 years , Berlusconi's show - politics , his personalistic and plebiscitary disposition , his fascination as a generous and womanizing tycoon , have seduced the Italian voting and TV - watching masses with his jokes , sexist style , blunders , social rise , electoral triumphs , even the victories and signings of his football team ( this week he froze the announcement of Kaka 's transfer until Monday so as not to lose a single vote ) .
All this is a natural part of his a-political and a-cultural baggage , of his open and mundane populism , paradoxically rooted in a traditionalist and Catholic non-political non-program , vaguely inspired on " God , Country and Family " .
" And veline " , it should be added .
Villa Certosa is il Cavaliere 's most discrete status symbol , his not just nuclear shelter .
It is his treasure , his best kept secret , the place where this nearly 73 year old man , arrogant and millionaire , congenial and media friendly , hosts his male and female friends , leads informal cabinet meetings , closes or prepares business dealings and political feats , smothers with attentions the leaders of the right from all over the world , watches over his chrysalises , sits his veline on his knees and promenades them on golf carts around the park , a militarized and Top - Secret area since 2006 .
As Antonello Zappadu 's photographs tell , Villa Certosa is also the place where the megalomaniac magnate , the excessive , comical character and pathological liar , forgets that he is a grandfather ( and that he left the conjugal bedroom a decade ago ) , and becomes a macho once again , the sheik of the harem , Super Silvio , permatanned and operated upon ( on his prostate as well ) , while Italy whispers that he takes too much Viagra and his doctors fear for his heart .
Villa Certosa is also the place where his Neapolitan friend Noemi Letizia was invited , just after her eighteenth birthday , to spend the New - Year holiday along with 30 other colleagues and a dozen of Berlusconism 's grandees , nearly all of them in their seventies like him : gerontocracy and spectacular girls .
As the philosopher Paolo Flores d'Arcais says , " The question is not what happens or has happened at Villa Certosa , but rather what would have happened in the United States if it had become public knowledge that Obama had spent his Christmas holidays with thirty 18 year old cabaret stars and without his wife , or in Germany if they found out that Angela Merkel goes on vacation with 30 hot gigolos " .
What matters , in the case of these young Italian women , is fulfilling a dream , reaching a goal : meeting Silvio and his powerful friends , working in television and maybe making it into politics , which in the country of the RAI and Mediaset , controlled by one man , amounts to the same thing .
Many of these young women have tragically limited themselves to embodying their parents ' model , the conformism of the disenchanted post - 68 generation which fell into mediocrity in front of the tv set during the eighties and nineties , watching the Christian - Democrats dissolve , Bettino Craxi go into exile , how the once brilliant Italian left became an oligarchic , boring and distant caste after the fall of the Berlin Wall .
Some might find this vision of the world and social rise repugnant ; to others it will seem practical and human .
But , what better way to succeed in this Italy of television than being very , very close to the great boss of European , and perhaps world television ?
Berlusconi , wrote Eugenio Scalfari , is the Sun King .
In the words of a Sardinian politician , " If you get close to the sun , the sun enlightens and warms you " .
And according to another master journalist , Giancarlo Santalmessi , who has suffered the wrath of the conservatives , " Half of Italy works for Berlusconi , the other half whishes they did " .
Going to Villa Certosa guarantees these girls their place under the sun , a phone number they can call , maybe a recommendation from the emperor , a raised thumb , a casting to go to upon their return to Rome or Milan , on Sunday night or Monday morning , after the long and fun nights , talking politics with Silvio , walking , going shopping at the Porto Rotondo mall ( Papi pays , up to 1.500 Euros per girl ) , dancing frantically , maybe stripping motivated by alcohol rather than money , machismo of the worst kind .
It is not easy to be among the chosen ones , to make it to the vestal of Villa Certosa , insists a Sardinian politician , who prefers to remain anonymous for security reasons : " Those who go there are important , those who sleep there are very important , and those who spend the holidays are in Caesar 's heart " .
Caesar , who started out in real estate , has seven other villas in Sardinia , another one in Antigua , countless mansions in Rome and Milan , but Villa Certosa is the measure of all things .
Even cabinet ministers are divided between those who go very often ( like the quiet Gianni Letta ) , and those who have only been there once or have only gone to attend a cabinet ( or board ) meeting during the holidays .
Among the female ministers , Mara Carfagna , minister for Equal Opportunities , has been there the most , and she has proved her loyalty , as she has been the only one who has dared to defend his actions during the grotesque Noemigate .
In her opinion , the attacks on Berlusconi are baseless and motivated by envy , because he is a " good " person .
For the girls , the best way to enter is through the old man 's expert eye .
As in the case of Noemi Letizia , Carfagna herself and hundreds of other girls .
Noemi , a sweet girl who grew up in the surroundings of the Neapolitan mafia , wanted to be an artist .
So she made herself a portfolio and sent it to an agency in Rome .
Emilio Fede , a journalist at Canale 4 and close friend of Berlusconi's , picked it up , carried it under his arm , and left it carelessly on the table .
His capo picked up the phone and dialed the girl 's mobile .
He told her she had an angelical gaze and that she had to stay that way , pure .
That was in October , tells Gino , the construction worker who was Noemi 's boyfriend until Papi came along , in an interview with La Repubblica .
Soon afterwards , Noemi was seen at a fashion party held at Villa Madarma , and at another one organized by AC Milan .
On both occasions she was seated at the presidential table .
According to Berlusconi and her parents , it 's an old friendship ; Gino and one of Noemi 's aunts have denied it .
Whatever the case , by December Noemi was already at Villa Certosa with her friend Roberta , one the three friends with whom she recorded a video now doing the rounds on Youtube where they declare themselves to be fantastic and out of reach .
Although , if we think about it , it might have been before , because Noemi herself declared , when she started being well known , that she had seen Papi often , that he was so busy that he could n't always make it to Naples , and that they sang Apicella 's songs together .
Now she says in an interview in Chi magazine - owned , of course , by Berlusconi - in a final and desperate attempt to save face , that she is still a virgin .
Another way to enter Villa Certosa , to reach the status of butterfly and become part of the great entomologist 's collection , is to know the sultan 's friends .
It 's better if they are VIP business men who belong to the strictly judicial circle ( the judiciary really brings people together ) , such as Marcello dell ' Utri , who was convicted to nine years for mobster complicity ;
The boss of the Renault F1 team and off shore antics companion Flavio Briatore ( who recommended the British lawyer David Mills , corrupt co-creator of the Fininvest B empire , to Berlusconi ) , or the complacent Fede Confalonieri , president of Mediaset .
It can also come in handy to know those brilliant and elderly reporters , shining stars in the world of official television , people like Fede ( creator of the most surrealistic news show in the continent ) , or the always complacent Bruno Vespa , capable of interviewing the master 12 times a year and always avoiding the uncomfortable question .
They all represent the essence of Berlusconism - Velinism , and have therefore been visiting the Sardinian house for years .
They seek security , companionship , warmth , peace , relaxation and beautiful bodies to mitigate the stressful and overwhelming business of politics , corruption and the always tiresome ( for their back that is ) antechamber journalism .
There are , of course , intermediate ways , various suppliers , fans of gineceo sports , pandering mothers willing to renovate for free the magician 's box of tricks , ministers , vice - ministers and deputy secretaries willing to bring something new to the evenings , that enormous circle formed by the daughters of friends , acquaintances , vassals , employees , the cousin with promising curves of the doorman , the bodyguard or the cook , the carabiniero's niece , the aspiring model who e-mails her photographs to the Palazzo Chigi with her cell phone number written in a font imitating lipstick .
All of Italy is in on it , the whole country knows about it , the problem is everyone talks about it , but nobody tells it like it is .
Satraps , emperors , monarchs and commanders have all historically filled their salons with young women , but now people are afraid , the omertá is an essential requisite if the hypocrisy is not to end , information is directly or indirectly controlled by the emperor ( institutional advertising , public funds , promises , loans ... ) , whoever fails to toe the line can lose his or her job , the Roman Church must not find out ( which is why its criticism never goes beyond calls for sobriety ) , and on top of it all there is a crisis , and we live in the prototypical subterranean country , that wonderful belpaese that is always proud of its homespun talent for muddling through , " France and Spain do n't matter , what matters is mangiare ( eating ) " .
The arrival of television veline to politics , the origin of this moral crisis , is the inevitable consequence of History and the system .
Forza Italia has never been a party , but rather a group of tifosi , of employees bossed around by Dell ' Ultri who in 1994 hired Publitalia 's whole secretarial staff in a hurry in order to fill the lists in time .
Its successor , the People of Libery , is not a party either , but rather a flood of middling advisers , submissive managers and pretty faces with no tradition , ideology or base .
Television and propaganda are the only policy ; and politics is acted out on television .
Italy is still a paradise for those with connections - those who have no friends are orphans - and the great electrical engineer is called Silvio .
Silvio aggiustatutto .
Berlusconi is the benefactor ; schools and houses are filled to the brim with beautiful Uranites , and Villa Certosa is where they are within range .
Listen to Noemi Letizia 's former teacher : " It makes a lot of sense , he will help her , we all benefit from having friends , a doctor to write prescriptions " .
Elisa Alloro , one of the veline who has been in the main residence , has published an interesting book this week titled Noi , le ragazze di Silvio .
She reveals that she has also called Berlusconi Papi , and not just her , for a long time before Cinderella Noemi appeared in il Cavaliere 's life .
" He 's a fountain of knowledge " , writes the 32 year old velina journalist about the great leader .
Born in Reggio Calabria , Alloro participated in the political instruction course for 25 PDL veline , taught with the European elections in mind by , among others , the minister of Foreign Affairs , Franco Frattini , and the vice - president of the European Parliament , Mario Mauro , at the Prime Minister 's request .
Hostess Alloro was preselected by il Cavaliere , along with , among others , Eleonora Gaggioli , aspiring actress ; Camilla Ferranti , aspiring hostess ; Angela Sozio , a Big Brother redhead photographed by Zappadu in 2007 on the premier 's lap ( along with four others ) ; and Barbara Matera , a participant in the Miss Italia de la Puglia pageant , friend of Doctor Letta , and finally ( after Veronica Lario 's " I accuse " ) , the only velina candidate chosen among the 25 pre-candidates .
The first one to call Berlusconi Papi , reveals Alloro , was Renata , a Brazilian velina and a staunch milanista .
The name spread like a virus .
" And now , many ragazze call him by that name , it 's a tradition , perhaps rooted in a tacit understanding , a sort of codename born perhaps of the atavistic fear of being intercepted ( by phone taps ) " .
The 100 page book takes the form of a letter to Veronica Lario , dismisses the " trinkets " accusation and defends the boss : " He is a fountain of wisdom , every minute spent with him is like a divine gift " .
She writes of meeting Berlusconi in 2004 while working for Mediaset .
She had to interview him about the bridge over the Messina Straight , but in the blink of an eye she found herself catapulted to Sardinia , " to a business lunch with professionals from the presidential staff .
I was the only woman " .
They arrived together from the Roman airport of Ciampino , departure point for all official State trips , aboard the presidential plane ; during the trip she found out that Berlusconi knew all about her ( " he showed me a fat dossier " ) , and he made her a job offer that she refused .
" He explained to me that he was organizing a task - force made up of 50 young journalists who would work as a liaison press - office between Rome and Brussels .
It would be extremely good for my CV , he told me ... " .
After lunch , a new flight in the presidential plane to San Siro , where AC Milan was playing .
Official motorcade , screaming sirens , and a one more flight to Ciampino .
After leaving Mediaset , she still met with Berlusconi : " Sometimes he has invited me to Villa Certosa , to dinners with dozens of guests " .
She remembers Noemi vaguely ( " we were briefly introduced at a party " ) .
What was impossible to forget , she writes , was the " crazy and ludicrous dance " by the twins from Montenegro , " as the Prime Minister looked on with worry " .
As well as " other unannounced feminine and masculine visits to his bedroom doors " .
That 's Italy , as the first lady Veronica Lario has said , not so much disgusted as sick of it , patriotic , revolutionary , like Lysistrata , when se condemns the rot of Berlusconiism - Velinism : " Fathers willing to offer their vestals to the dragon " , " unashamedly political and sexist trinkets " , a husband and Prime Minister who " frequents minors , and that is not right " .
Impossible to say more with fewer words .
Il Cavaliere 's team is aware of the needs .
Journalists who cover the premier 's movements say that there is a beautiful young woman in the press team who travels everywhere with him even though she is barely capable of tying her own shoelaces .
His publicist , Miti Simonetto , hides the flaws as well as she can and tries to make Caesar seem honest .
There is another mysterious character , a woman in her forties , dark haired , attractive , always in a suit , that Zappadu has often photographed at the Olbia airport .
She is Sabina Began ( SB ) , the favorite : the Roman celebrity press calls her the queen bee .
On Italy 's Liberation Day , April 25th 2008 , during the victory celebrations after the elections , Berlusconi , the President of the Senate , Renato Schifani , Apicella and other leaders , were surrounded by a gaggle of shapely women .
Don Silvio only had eyes for SB , who had tattooed on her ankle " SB , the encounter that changed my life " .
As he had her on his knees , and whispered Malafemmena , Berlusconi said : " If there were a photographer here , this picture would be worth 100.000 Euros " .
Like Lario has said , the political story in play here goes far beyond the Noemi case , poor Noemi is merely the latest victim of this huge Big Brother .
Is Villa Certosa , like the Arabian Nights , a somewhat kitsch luxury bunker where erotic games take place , or Berluscoland , or something worse and more lustful ?
Probably neither and all those things at once , answer different Sardinian sources .
And Zappadu 's photographs introduce us in this underworld .
Berluscoland is beautiful , that cannot be denied , although nature in Sardinia is far more rugged and less fake than those postcards filled with manicured lawns , round medicinal herbs gardens and false naghuras towers .
The first thing one notices is the excess .
Sixty hectares is a lot of terrain .
Especially in the Emerald Coast .
It is enough for two private beaches , three artificial lakes , half a dozen pools , the amphitheatre where Apicella ( the singer - songwriter for whom Berlusconi writes ) , the dancers and the flamenco dancers ( flamenco fans are still wondering who that intruder is , and what she is doing there ) all perform .
On one side of the estate is Country , one of the prime minister 's favorite spots , a club with candles , oriental rugs and a private area ironically called the Harem .
But candid souls should not worry .
None of the thousands who have visited Villa Certosa have ever spoken about sex .
There is no sex there .
Nothing more than ice cream .
Beppe Severgnini , a columnist for Il Corriere , explains : " Villa Certosa is reaching legendary proportions in national fantasies .
The main character 's friends only enrich the setting when they try to downplay it " .
Marcello Dell ' Utri : " There 's an ice cream parlor .
You go and they serve you all the ice cream you want .
For free .
If you think about it , it 's a great find " .
Flavio Briatore : " There 's the volcano game .
You talk about this and that , and when the group approaches the lake , Berlusconi acts as if he were worried that Sardinia is a seismic area .
And at that particular moment you hear a huge explosion , with flame - like effects ... " .
Sando Bondi , minister of Culture , trying to explain the former Czech premier Topolanek 's nudity : " Bah ...
On the other hand , consider that the villa is a few meters away from the sea .
A sea , as you will know , of an absolute beauty " .
Dell ' Utri has been unable to deny that , indeed , apart from the ice cream and the pizza , the estate is always filled with beautiful young women , walking around and bathing , taking showers and exhibiting themselves .
The most complicated thing for Berlusconi wo n't be explaining the photographs , which he has already defined as " useless " .
The problem is if there are other , more compromising ones .
" Berlusconi knows there is a mole in Villa Certosa .
Someone from inside has betrayed him , but he does n't know who it is " , explains Marco Mostallino , a local journalist .
" Berlusconi must think it 's one of the security guards .
It is not by coincidence that he has accused his wife , through his brother 's newspaper , of having an affair with her bodyguard " .
Villa Certosa is supervised round the clock like a fortress by the military and carabinieri .
There are also private guards and others from other places .
The history of security in the Emerald Coast is linked to the Aga Khan , the first tourism entrepreneur in Sardinia , he started with vigilantes .
" The Aga Khan hired all available men , and many of them had a criminal record " , Mostallino says .
A few years later , Berlusconi arrived on the island .
" He came with his brother Paolo in 1981 or 1982 " , recalls the Sardinian politician .
" His plan was to build two million cubic meters over the sea , in a 200 hectare estate to the South of Olbia , between Le Saline and Capo Cerasso .
In order to overwhelm , he came with enormous books which according to him included an estimate of the economic impact .
He travelled with a retinue of architects , engineers , fiscal advisers , economists .
It took ten years for the project to get the green light , and he was only allowed a quarter of the original extension , in the mountain , far from the sea .
But when it was approved , he did n't have the money .
It was 1993 and he immediately went into politics " .
Silvio and Paolo built the villa during the early 90s .
Eventually , they turned it into a house worthy of s James Bond film .
The ironic Severgnini has written in Il Corriere della Sera that one day someone will write the story of Villa Certosa : " The cynicism of Italian elasticity would allow most , if not everything , to be told .
The final obstacle is official coherence .
Politicians , even those with fewer prejudices , are not yet ready to admit what they do , fearing that someone will compare it with what they say " .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Former congressman and Republican vice presidential candidate Jack Kemp died Saturday at age 73 after a battle with cancer , his family announced .
Jack Kemp , a former congressman from New York , was the GOP 's vice presidential candidate in 1996 .
more photos »
A onetime professional football player , Kemp served nine terms in Congress as a representative from New York and was former Sen.
Bob Dole 's running mate in 1996 .
He was a leading advocate of " supply - side " tax cuts , advancing the argument that cutting taxes would boost economic growth and yield more revenue for the federal government .
" The only way to oppose a bad idea is to replace it with a good idea , and I like to think that I have spent my life trying to promote good ideas , " he told CNN in a 1996 interview .
Kemp " passed peacefully into the presence of the Lord " Sunday evening , a family statement said .
He disclosed his illness in January .
Watch
" During the treatment of his cancer , Jack expressed his gratitude for the thoughts and prayers of so many friends , a gratitude which the Kemp family shares , " the family said .
Watch how Jack Kemp made transition from football to politics »
Kemp quarterbacked the Buffalo Bills to back - to - back American Football League championships in 1964 and 1965 , before the merger that created the modern NFL .
When he retired in 1970 after 13 seasons , the California native ran for Congress and represented the Buffalo area for 18 years in the House of Representatives .
View photos of Jack Kemp 's life »
Do n't Miss
Share your memories of Jack Kemp
" He championed free - market principles that improved the lives of millions of Americans and helped unleash an entrepreneurial spirit that all of us still benefit from today , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , said in a statement issued late Saturday .
The 1981 tax cuts signed into law by Ronald Reagan , which cut marginal tax rates from 70 percent to 50 percent , bore Kemp 's name as a co-sponsor .
Critics mocked the policy as " trickle - down " economics and pointed to the decade 's growing budget deficits as evidence that supply - side theories did n't work , but it has been GOP orthodoxy ever since .
Kemp mounted an unsuccessful presidential bid in 1988 , losing the Republican primaries to George H.W. Bush .
But once in office , Bush made Kemp his secretary of housing and urban development -- a post Kemp used to promote what he called an " empowerment " agenda of tax breaks for urban businesses and expanded home ownership .
iReport.com : Share your memories of Kemp
Unlike many of the other conservatives of his era , Kemp actively courted African - American support .
In 1992 , he told CNN's " Larry King Live " that the GOP " could be a Lincoln party in terms of attracting black and brown and men and women of color and low - income status and immigrant status who want a shot at the American dream for their children . "
CNN Political Director Sam Feist contributed to this report .
All About George H.W. Bush • Bob Dole • Ronald Reagan • Jack Kemp
A short while from now , Twitter will go down for maintenance due to extraordinary circumstances : The # IranElection Controversy .
Originally scheduled to perform maintenance last night , the work was moved to 2 PM PT today so that Iranians could tweet about the crisis .
With members of the media kicked out of Iranian cities , millions joining in on protests , and violence erupting all across the turmoiled state , Iranians have been turning to Twitter , YouTube , Flickr , and other social tools to get the word out about what 's happening on the ground .
Well , it looks like Twitter may have had someone pushing for it not to go down last night , during peak Iranian hours : the U.S. State Department
According to a CNN blog post , the U.S. government is connecting with Twitter and other major social media companies to make sure that the flow of information from Iran remains uninterrupted .
While the Obama administration itself keeping out of the Iran controversy on official channels , it is making sure that information coming from people on the ground is getting through to the rest of the world .
The biggest revelation is that the State Department asked Twitter not to go down at its original time last night in order to allow Iranians to tweet out what 's happening in their cities .
It also seems that U.S. officials are watching the chatter on Twitter , YouTube , Facebook , and elsewhere to keep up - to - speed with the situation on the ground .
Social media communication is even more important , since the U.S. has no embassy or official relationship with Iran .
If all of this is true , it demonstrates several things .
First , the U.S. Government understands just how instrumental these web tools are to the # IranElection situation .
Second , the U.S. government is actively using Twitter to monitor the situation on the ground in a way that even journalists can't match .
And third , that it really wants everyone to know what 's happening in Iran .
The U.S. may be keeping out of the politics of the Iran election crisis , but it 's clear that it has a deep and vested interest in the streaming information coming out of Iran .
It could even be that Twitter would not have rescheduled their downtime if not for the State Department .
The outcome of these protests will have a significant effect on world relations though , so its actions do not surprise us .
If you are looking to better track what 's going on in Iran , we suggest reading our in - depth article on the subject , HOW TO : Track Iran Election with Twitter and Social Media .
The previous “ I wrote it , you made it ” posts have been examples of people who executed an idea I proposed .
But this time I ’m writing about people who took one of my ideas to another level altogether .
In September , 2007 , I demonstrated how an image can be hidden in the histogram of another image .
The example I used was the New York City skyline …
… hidden in the histogram of a simple gradient :
I followed that up by writing about Josh Millard , a reader who figured out how to embed the histogram in a more recognizable picture than just a gradient .
He was able to embed the NYC skyline histogram in the original source image of the NYC skyline !
But I never wrote about what Stewart Smith did with this concept .
He took the idea in a different direction , wondering if it would be possible to embed an actual word or phrase in the histogram of an image .
So he developed Histoface , a web app that allows you to generate a gradient which contains a secret message in the histogram .
So this image …
… has this histogram :
It should be obvious that it says “ STARWARS ” but unfortunately not all the letters in the typeface are as easy to recognize as these .
It ’s difficult to create recognizable letters that work in a histogram .
But I give Stew major credit for making it this good !
I ’d love to see a combination of Stew ’s project and Josh ’s project , allowing you to type a message and hide it in the histogram of any grayscale image .
Who wants to work on that ?
A Nasa / Aster image of Death Valley
Enlarge Image
The most complete terrain map of the Earth 's surface has been published .
The data , comprising 1.3 million images , come from a collaboration between the US space agency Nasa and the Japanese trade ministry .
The images were taken by Japan 's Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( Aster ) aboard the Terra satellite .
The resulting Global Digital Elevation Map covers 99 % of the Earth 's surface , and will be free to download and use .
The Terra satellite , dedicated to Earth monitoring missions , has shed light on issues ranging from algal blooms to volcano eruptions .
For the Aster measurements , local elevation was mapped with each point just 30 m apart .
" This is the most complete , consistent global digital elevation data yet made available to the world , " said Woody Turner , Nasa programme scientist on the Aster mission .
" This unique global set of data will serve users and researchers from a wide array of disciplines that need elevation and terrain information . "
Previously , the most complete such topographic map was Nasa 's Shuttle Radar Topography Mission , covering 80 % of the Earth 's surface .
However , the mission 's results were less accurate in steep terrain and in some deserts .
Nasa is now working to combine those data with the new Aster observations to further improve on the global map .
I ’m in a really good mood right now because I just found a fix for a bug that ’s been driving me up the wall for a long time .
I ’ve been using Dreamweaver for quite a while now , but just in the past few months I ’ve noticed an issue where everytime I closed and reopenned the program it forgot the username and password for every single FTP account I had saved .
I knew this problem had n’t been around forever as I have used this version for a long time before it started happening .
After finally taking the time to do some research on the matter I discovered that the issue was caused by installing IE7 ( or IE8 ) .
Somehow that process induced a bug in Dreamweaver and it could be solved simply by updating to 8.0.2 .
Fancy that .
From Obama Figurines to Block - Filled Music Videos
The slideshow below includes 50 of the most fascinating uses for LEGO , including LEGO jewelry , a LEGO build of the Obama inauguration and bright block caulking in your home .
These innovations prove that the possibilities are endless for these LEGO building blocks !
Whether you 're interested in recreating President Obama 's inauguration or a super - sized tower , you 'll find the LEGO innovations you 're looking for below .
Implications - LEGO is one of the very few toys that 's spanned from generation to generation and remains attractive to this day .
Since its inception in the 1930s , LEGO has become more than just a toy .
Many designers and artists have used LEGO to create awe - inspiring sculptures .
Whether you 're a kid or an adult , there 's no doubt that you can appreciate the childlike wonder of this toy that continues to dominate people 's childhood .
Rory Cellan- Jones
A quick update to our story last week on the throttling back of the iPlayer at peak times by BT .
You may remember that BT suggested there was a real issue for the BBC to address when it came to managing iPlayer traffic .
But now the company has made a far more explicit call for the BBC to stump up some cash .
Just before I was due to discuss the whole issue on Radio 4's
You and Yours , the programme received an e-mail from BT , with details of their position .
The e-mail talked about the huge costs of bandwidth to deliver iPlayer programmes , and said that Internet Service Providers could not be expected to pay for everything in a highly competitive broadband market .
It also said that the BBC and other content owners " ca n't expect to continue to get a free ride " .
They would need to make a fair contribution to the cost of delivering online video and other content .
BT also pointed out that Lord Carter 's Digital Britain review next week will call for broadband for all at high speeds and low prices - and said making that happen would involve content owners paying their fair share .
Now while other ISPs have grumbled about the impact of the iPlayer on their costs , I could not remember BT ever making such an forthright call for cash .
And when I called the company , a spokesman made it clear that this was a new stance , and BT was happy for the world to know about it .
This comes in the context of negotiations between the BBC and ISPs , and obviously both sides are manoeuvring in advance of the Carter report .
So far the whole issue of net neutrality - the idea that the internet should not discriminate between different types of traffic - has not made much of an impact in Britain .
Now Britain 's biggest internet service provider is making it clear that , in a cut - throat broadband market , something is going to have to give - and net neutrality may have to be chucked overboard .
This is indeed spooky , and Maddow nails it .
( HT2 Chris Brunner . )
President Obama wants to lock people up indefinitely against whom we do not have enough evidence to prosecute , but whom we believe pose a threat to society .
He does n’t give too many details , but it sounds like he ’s saying such people could be held for ten years .
Spooooo -ky .
The three recovered bodies were flown to a hospital in the capital Sanaa Germany has " strongly condemned " the killing of two German nurses who were recently kidnapped in Yemen .
The bodies of the two women , along with that of a South Korean aid worker , have been flown to the capital Sanaa from Saada , a remote area in northern Yemen .
Yemeni officials say they are searching for six other foreigners in the group - including three children - who were kidnapped while picnicking on Friday .
There have been conflicting reports about what has happened to them .
" This is very sad news and we strongly condemn this crime , " said German Chancellor Angela Merkel , in reference to the two German nurses .
They have been presumed dead by German officials although Yemeni authorities have not officially identified the bodies .
" The foreign ministry 's crisis centre is trying to investigate the fate of the other hostages .
So far there is no concrete information and it is important not to speculate , " Mrs Merkel added .
Also on Tuesday , Seoul confirmed that a South Korean national had been murdered after being kidnapped in Yemen .
Officials named her as Eom Young - Sun , 34 .
A Yemeni government spokesman said on Tuesday that the whereabouts of the other six foreigners was unknown .
The group comprised seven Germans - including a family of five - a British national and a South Korean woman .
The kidnapped adults all worked at a hospital in Saada , the state news agency said .
Yemen 's interior ministry earlier said they had been kidnapped while on a picnic on Friday in the area .
Shepherds found the three bodies on Monday morning in the mountainous northern Saada province near the town of el - Nashour , according to local officials .
There is confusion about the fate of the missing hostages .
One unconfirmed report on Monday said all nine hostages were dead , while another report - also unconfirmed - quoted officials saying two children had been found alive .
Militant groups
More than 200 foreign nationals have been kidnapped in Yemen in the last 15 years , often for ransom .
But most have been released unharmed .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service No-one has claimed responsibility for the kidnapping .
The Yemeni government blamed a local Shia rebel group , led by Abdulmalik al - Houthi , for the kidnapping , but it has denied any involvement .
The group has fought a sporadic insurgency in the Zaidi Shia heartland between Sanaa and the border with Saudi Arabia .
A local tribal leader in the area , speaking anonymously to the Associated Press news agency , blamed al - Qaeda .
Al - Qaeda is known to have operated in the area , and analysts say it may be regrouping in Yemen after coming under pressure in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan .
CIA Director Leon Panetta said last week that Somalia and Yemen may have become safe havens for the group .
Yemeni authorities said on Sunday they had arrested Hassan Hussein Bin Alwan , described as al - Qaeda 's financier in the region and one of its " most dangerous members " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Six Flags , the theme park operator , filed for bankruptcy early Saturday in Delaware after failing to reach an agreement with lenders to reorganize its debt .
Six Flags is the latest company to prove unable to cope with its debt load at a time when previous solutions like refinancing are largely unavailable .
The theme park operator , which had $ 2.4 billion in debt , faced nearly $ 300 million in payments to preferred stockholders due in August .
In a statement , Six Flags said it was seeking court approval for a restructuring plan it had already negotiated , which has the unanimous approval of its lenders .
That proposal would eliminate $ 1.8 billion in debt and slice off the $ 300 million in preferred stock payments .
“ The current management team inherited a $ 2.4 billion debt load that cannot be sustained , particularly in these challenging financial markets , ” Mark Shapiro , the chief executive of Six Flags , said in a statement .
Welcome to nginx !
Host www.snowball.ru is not available now .
Please proceed to http://www.host.ru/
Business
Floating wind turbine sets sail
Posted
Jun 10 - The world 's first floating wind turbine has been towed to sea in a pilot project aimed at creating offshore wind farms .
According to gaming company Global Gaming Factory X , it is in the the process of acquiring The Pirate Bay for $ 7.8 m ( SEK 60 million ) .
The acquisition is scheduled to be completed by August and will see the site launch new business models to compensate content providers and copyright owners .
Software company Global Gaming Factory X ( GGF ) says it is in the process of acquiring The Pirate Bay and file - sharing technology company Peerialism .
GGF claims to have the biggest network of internet cafés and gaming centers in the world .
The changeover of ownership is scheduled for August 2009 , whereby GGF will take over the operation of the site .
The company says that after it has completed the acquisition it will launch new business models so that copyright owners get paid , which is clearly a huge diversion from TPB ’s previous modus operandi .
“ We would like to introduce models which entail that content providers and copyright owners get paid for content that is downloaded via the site , ” said Hans Pandeya , CEO GGF .
“ The Pirate Bay is a site that is among the top 100 most visited Internet sites in the world .
However , in order to live on , The Pirate Bay requires a new business model , which satisfies the requirements and needs of all parties , content providers , broadband operators , end users , and the judiciary , ” said Pandeya .
“ Content creators and providers need to control their content and get paid for it .
File sharers ’ need faster downloads and better quality , ” he added .
GGF will acquire the site ’s domain names and sites for SEK 60,000,000 ( $ 7.8 million ) – SEK 30,000,000 in cash and the rest in newly issue shares .
File - sharing technology company Peerialism will also be acquired by GGF for a total of SEK 100 million , of which at least SEK 50 million will be in cash .
According to GGF , Peerialism has developed a new P2P distribution technology which will be used on The Pirate Bay .
The technology is said to be backwards - compatible with BitTorrent although details are scarce at the moment .
At the time of writing , shares in GGF are up 155 % – this will quickly become outdated , so check here for latest stats .
This is breaking news and this article will be updated constantly – please keep checking back .
While the world nervously watches the uprising in Iran , an even more important uprising has been passing unnoticed – yet its outcome will shape your fate , and mine .
In the depths of the Amazon rainforest , the poorest people in the world have taken on the richest people in the world to defend a part of the ecosystem none of us can live without .
They had nothing but wooden spears and moral force to defeat the oil companies – and , for today , they have won .
Here 's the story of how it happened – and how we all need to pick up this fight .
Earlier this year , Peru 's right - wing President , Alan Garcia , sold the rights to explore , log and drill 70 per cent of his country 's swathe of the Amazon to a slew of international oil companies .
Garcia seems to see rainforest as a waste of good resources , saying of the Amazon 's trees : " There are millions of hectares of timber there lying idle . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
There was only one pesky flaw in Garcia 's plan : the indigenous people who live in the Amazon .
They are the first people of the Americas , subject to wave after wave of genocide since the arrival of the Conquistadors .
They are weak .
They have no guns .
They barely have electricity .
The government did n't bother to consult them : what are a bunch of Indians going to do anyway ?
But the indigenous people have seen what has happened elsewhere in the Amazon when the oil companies arrive .
Occidental Petroleum are facing charges in US courts of dumping an estimated nine billion barrels of toxic waste in the regions of the Amazon where they operated from 1972 to 2000 .
Andres Sandi Mucushua , the spiritual leader of the area known to the oil companies as Block ( 12A ) B , said in 2007 : " My people are sick and dying because of Oxy .
The water in our streams is not fit to drink and we can no longer eat the fish in our rivers or the animals in our forests . "
The company denies liability , saying they are " aware of no credible data of negative community health impacts " .
In the Ecuadorian Amazon , according to an independent report , toxic waste allegedly dumped after Chevron - Texaco 's drilling has been blamed by an independent scientific investigation for 1,401 deaths , mostly of children from cancer .
When the BBC investigator Greg Palast put these charges to Chevron 's lawyer , he replied : " And it 's the only case of cancer in the world ?
How many cases of children with cancer do you have in the States ?...
They have to prove it's our crude , [ which ] is absolutely impossible . "
The people of the Amazon do not want to see their forests felled and their lands poisoned .
And here , the need of the indigenous peoples to preserve their habitat has collided with your need to preserve your habitat .
The rainforests inhale massive amounts of warming gases and keep them stored away from the atmosphere .
Already , we are chopping them down so fast that it is causing 25 per cent of man-made carbon emissions every year – more than planes , trains and automobiles combined .
But it is doubly destructive to cut them down to get to fossil fuels , which then cook the planet yet more .
Garcia 's plan was to turn the Amazon from the planet 's air con into its fireplace .
Why is he doing this ?
He was responding to intense pressure from the US , whose new Free Trade Pact requires this " opening up " , and from the International Monetary Fund , paid for by our taxes .
In Peru , it has also been alleged that the ruling party , APRA , is motivated by oil bribes .
Some of Garcia 's associates have been caught on tape talking about how to sell off the Amazon to their cronies .
The head of the parliamentary committee investigating the affair , Rep. Daniel Abugattas , says : " The government has been giving away our natural resources to the lowest bidders .
This has not benefited Peru , but the administration 's friends . "
So the indigenous peoples acted in their own self - defence , and ours .
Using their own bodies and weapons made from wood , they blockaded the rivers and roads to stop the oil companies getting anything in or out .
They captured two valves of Peru 's sole pipeline between the country 's gas field and the coast , which could have led to fuel - rationing .
Their leaders issued a statement explaining : " We will fight together with our parents and children to take care of the forest , to save the life of the equator and the entire world . "
Garcia responded by sending in the military .
He declared a " state of emergency " in the Amazon , suspending almost all constitutional rights .
Army helicopters opened fire on the protesters with live ammunition and stun-grenades .
More than a dozen were killed .
But the indigenous peoples did not run away .
Even though they were risking their lives , they stood their ground .
One of their leaders , Davi Yanomami , said simply : " The earth has no price .
It can not be bought , or sold or exchanged .
It is very important that white people , black people and indigenous peoples fight together to save the life of the forest and the earth .
If we do n't fight together , what will our future be ? "
And then something extraordinary happened .
The indigenous peoples won .
The Peruvian Congress repealed the laws that allowed oil company drilling , by a margin of 82 votes to 12 .
Garcia was forced to apologise for his " serious errors and exaggerations " .
The protesters have celebrated and returned to their homes deep in the Amazon .
Of course , the oil companies will regroup and return – but this is an inspirational victory for the forces of sanity that will be hard to reverse .
Human beings need to make far more decisions like this : to leave fossil fuels in the ground , and to leave rainforests standing .
In microcosm , this rumble in the jungle is the fight we all face now .
Will we allow a small number of rich people to make a short - term profit from seizing and burning resources , at the expense of our collective ability to survive ?
If this sounds like hyperbole , listen to Professor Jim Hansen , the world 's leading climatologist , whose predictions have consistently turned out to be correct .
He says : " Clearly , if we burn all fossil fuels , we will destroy the planet we know .
We would set the planet on a course to the ice - free state , with a sea level 75 metres higher .
Coastal disasters would occur continually .
The only uncertainty is the time it would take for complete ice sheet disintegration . "
Of course , fossil fools will argue that the only alternative to burning up our remaining oil and gas supplies is for us all to live like the indigenous peoples in the Amazon .
But next door to Peru , you can see a very different , environmentally sane model to lift up the poor emerging – if only we will grasp it .
Ecuador is a poor country with large oil resources underneath its rainforests – but its president , Rafael Correa , is offering us the opposite of Garcia 's plan .
He has announced that he is willing to leave his country 's largest oil reserve under the soil , if the rest of the world will match the $ 9.2bn in revenues it would provide .
If we do n't start reaching for these alternatives , we will render this month 's victory in the Amazon meaningless .
The Hadley Centre in Exeter , one of the most sophisticated scientific centres for studying the impacts of global warming , has warned that if we carry on belching out greenhouse gases at the current rate , the humid Amazon will dry up and burn down – and soon .
Their study earlier this year explained " target = " _blank " >
Their study earlier this year explained : " The Amazonian rainforest is likely to suffer catastrophic damage even with the lowest temperature rises forecast under climate change .
Up to 40 per cent of the rainforest will be lost if temperature rises are restricted to C , which most climatologists regard as the least that can be expected by 2050 .
A 3C rise is likely to result in 75 per cent of the forest disappearing while a 4C rise , regarded as the most likely increase this century unless greenhouse gas emissions are slashed , will kill off 85 per cent of the forest . "
That would send gigatons of carbon into the atmosphere – making the world even more inhabitable .
There is something thrilling about the fight in the Amazon , yet also something shaming .
These people had nothing , but they stood up to the oil companies .
We have everything , yet too many of us sit limp and passive , filling up our tanks with stolen oil without a thought for tomorrow .
The people of the Amazon have shown they are up for the fight to save our ecosystem .
Are we ?
Johann Hari is a writer for the Independent .
To read more of his articles , click here .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
This talk was given at Bridgeport , CT , at the CT Libertarian Convention on May 30th , 2009 .
I was asked to talk today about the problems of our foreign policy — a question so wide - ranging it would be impossible to address in a 20 - minute speech — and yet it is a fascinating question .
Like the search for a grand unified theory , it is also an irresistible challenge .
In thinking about our foreign policy — or any foreign policy — a libertarian would ask about force , and about freedom .
A libertarian would also wisely observe , as Frdric Bastiat did in the 1800s , that when goods cease to cross borders , armies will .
A libertarian would consider how foreign policy would exist — if at all — without the state .
When you think about it , we all have our own foreign policies , in a way .
This foreign policy is our personality — how we think about those we do n’t know well , how we learn or do n’t learn from those we meet or with whom we interact , our sense of the future and the past , the things we value , what we covet , the things we hope to gain , or wish to lose .
And fundamentally , we already know from our own family , work and political experience that all kinds of very different personalities can live together closely , kindly and profitably , as long as communication happens and force is not brought into picture .
Think about any good movie you have seen — be it a romantic comedy or a cops and robbers buddy flick .
Whether it ’s " You ’ve Got Mail " or " Lethal Weapon " — the good guys are never clones of each other — most often they are odd couples of an extreme sort who through understanding and communication actually make a winning team .
If anyone is clonelike , it ’s the bad guys — and they are bad guys for one reason and one reason only .
They use force and deceit to get their way , destroying people , wealth , faith and justice .
If we were considering problems in an individual ’s personality — a.k.a. foreign policy — we would identify things like greed , quickness to anger , willingness to use force or manipulation in plotting their desires , and faithlessness .
A person who is ill - informed or whose beliefs do not conform with a known reality , who is a bully , and who constantly lie to get their way …why , we would probably institutionalize such a person !
People who live their lives like that are unhinged , obnoxious and unproductive , and sometimes dangerous .
But when such a personality belongs to something called the state , we stand proudly , our hearts beat reverently , we wave the flag assiduously and we pledge our undying allegiance .
OK , we here today do n’t do that .
But most of us have been taught from an early age to revere the state , and we are in varying stages of personal recovery from that indoctrination .
As we all observed on TV , on the radio , in newspapers , and even in church last Memorial Day weekend , many people in this country — who themselves have functional and healthy personal foreign policies — become schizoid when it comes to the foreign policy of the state .
Now — I used the word schizoid casually here .
But there is such a thing as a Schizoid Personality Disorder , or SPD .
It is characterized by " a lack of interest in social relationships , a tendency towards a solitary lifestyle , secretiveness , and emotional coldness . "
Well , that actually sounds a lot like our foreign policy over the past hundred and fifty years .
Some would say that this is unfair — did n’t this country come to the aid of the poor and downtrodden , those weak countries , nations or peoples who could n’t defend themselves in the South , the West , the north Pacific , the Philippines , Europe , Europe again , Korea , Vietnam , Central America , Kuwait , Yugoslavia , etc. etc ?
Are we not in Iraq today to help poor Iraqis get a democracy , which of course is what we have here ( not ) and what everyone in the world wants ( double not ) ?
What ’s all that war if not sociable ?
And what about aid to other countries ?
Has n’t this country delivered our excess and subsidized agricultural and industrial products , our elaborated copies of a constitution , our religious and capitalistic value systems , and sometimes straight cash from the American taxpayer to lesser endowed countries and causes around the world ?
What ’s that , if not kind and generous ?
Well , of course , the answer is known and has been known forever .
Thucydides nailed it when he recalled the Athenian explanation to the soon to be subjected Melians — " the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . "
And whether it is war , economic aid , or political mandates , when a big country delivers its foreign policies , everyone suffers .
The victims and charity cases suffer physical , cultural , or economic destruction , and the source countries suffer a degraded morality and false pride .
We may agree , or not , that American foreign policy has never been based on existent or expected social relationships with other countries .
The wars , conflicts , invasions and occupations this country has initiated — as well as the ill - conceived aid programs — have all been dreamed first in the hearts of men who somehow gained political power , and held the reins of the state .
The problem is not completely one of foreign policy — but of individuals — and therein lies the keys to a cure .
In an individual case of Schizoid Personality Disorder , there are several common symptoms , including introversion and self - sufficiency , narcissism , a sense of superiority , loneliness , depersonalization , and regression .
Along these lines , we can quickly analyze what ’s wrong with American foreign policy .
Note that we do so at the very end of the patient ’s life , as this country has been shaped and transformed from a constitutional republic made up of consenting states , to what we have today , a fascist , or if you prefer , corporatist superstate in a technological age wholly unavailable to Mussolini and Hitler .
Yet , the patient ’s introversion is seen and heard nightly via the ranting in support of Lou Dobbs — style economic autarky and constant promotion of the fear and distrust of dark strangers , especially if their religions or ethnicities start with an " M . "
We see ample evidence of an ambition of self - sufficiency of the state .
That we should make war alone , because we want to , or feel like it , and that we should have a standing military force that can destroy the world if it so chooses — this is how most Americans tend to measure , and value , self - sufficiency of the state .
We memorialize this on several national holidays , and in our awe and reverence for our standing military .
The state , of course , views its self - sufficiency in a slightly different way .
It looks for increasing efficiency in bringing in the tax revenue , enforcing its code of justice , educating the young , indoctrinating the old , marginalizing political parties and individuals who would challenge it , and increasing the degree to which various sectors of society are dependent upon the state for their survival .
This state behavior is verifiable , and if we were to diagnose the state ’s mental condition , this symptom is salient .
Healing Our World : In ... Mary J. Ruwart Best Price : $ 2.10 Buy New $ 22.76 ( as of 12:05 EST - Details )
We also cannot deny that our foreign policy specifically and the state generally exhibits a strong streak of narcissism and a scary superiority complex .
This is not new for the patient , but these symptoms became more marked during and after the Civil War .
When a child exhibits narcissism and feels superior to his peers and others , generally we credit lenient and indulgent parenting .
The parent of state , and its foreign policy , was the Constitution , but it passed away quietly decades ago , after a long illness .
Apparently no one recognized this , as the state made , and continues to make , constant references to the Constitution even as it runs far afield of its words and spirit .
Loneliness , depersonalization and regression are symptoms of the schizoid state .
They are also indicators of the end of the patient — and frankly the end of the federal state here should be nothing if not welcomed .
Loneliness brought on by our foreign policy is already being felt by many who would otherwise have cheered it on .
The schizoid patient does indeed feel loneliness because in spite of being unable to connect , the patient wants to be loved , and to love .
As we use , in the name of the American state , inappropriate force and violence , most politicians and average Americans feel a disconnect between their desire to do good and the resultant anger and alienation of the people who survive our desires .
Today , I am speaking of our high - tech 2nd - generation warfighting in fourth - generation insurgencies .
Today I am speaking of remotely piloted drones killing innocent people , or organized attacks against wedding parties in Iraq or slums in Somalia .
But this loneliness can be found in the diaries of those conducting the foreign policy of the state , and in some of the memoirs of the politicians who fomented these policies .
Depersonalization is another serious terminal indicator .
Defined as " the experience of a separation between the observing and the participating ego , " in an individual case , it may be thought of as a living example of Dostoevksi ’s " Underground Man , " who is completely aware of the ills of his existence but unable to act in any way to change things for the better .
Depersonalization is also defined as a tuning out or turning off , ignoring the realities as if they are not there .
Consider for a moment the foreign policy of the current administration .
To the extent that President Obama and his cabinet continues the mistakes of the previous administrations , even as he claims to understand the evil of it , seems to be a book definition of depersonalization .
That he dares to mention the word " change " while he continues apace the military , economic and political destruction of Iraq , Afghanistan and now our erstwhile ally Pakistan seems to be a tune - out of monstrous proportions .
Regression is another terminal indicator of the schizoid — and it refers to " flight from the external world , both inwards and backwards . "
I would suggest that our foreign policy — and to the extent that this is closely integrated with our monetary policy — for the past several years is experiencing regression , a return to a sense of the secure womb of government , back to a previous time when — dare I say — the dollar was king .
Foreign and domestic policies collide in a flurry of endless green fantasy dollars , both borrowed and printed .
Happy days are here again , the sad state wishes .
The 298 million people in this country who are not directly part of the federal state , and some who are , watch in dismay and amazement .
Will no one rid us of this schizoid state , with its mad schemes and insane policies ?
And this is the problem of our foreign policy — foreign policy is the personality of the state , and the personality of the modern American state is schizoid , defective , in need of a strong straitjacket and a padded room .
Well , what do we do about it ?
First , we must recognize the state is a crazy state .
Many people are coming to this conclusion , and President Obama can be credited with bringing a great number of former state - faithers into the fold of the sane .
His daily betrayals to his supporters , his long teleprompted speeches and his un-teleprompted disasters are showing the true double - face of the state to those with a proclaimed belief in its goodness .
Obama , being that he is a statist democrat and not a statist republican , puts the GOP an underdog position .
In November , the GOP immediately moved into its " small government is good " mode — but Republicans across the country had only too recently witnessed the peculiar and bloodthirsty GOP viciousness directed against the one man who personified and preached those decentralized , antiwar , constitutional , small - government values — of course I am speaking of Ron Paul .
So average republicans do n’t trust Republicans any more than democrats now trust Democrats .
When the English colonies in North America seceded from the King ’s government , they felt much the same way .
They simply could not trust their political leadership , and when they thought about it , realized they had little in common with that supposed political leadership after all .
The first prescription — recognizing we live in and under an insane government — is easy , and also provides opportunities for libertarians .
Of course , many people can see that the state itself is the problem .
But the second prescription is more difficult .
The state , just as any schizoid patient , needs to be isolated from civil society , and limited in its potential to do harm .
Libertarians agree that the state should be reduced , at least to within its lawful and constitutional limits .
It is amazing how dangerously radical it has become to truly support the Constitution .
Libertarians , in political parties and outside of parties , should be able to publicly and proudly evangelize the Constitution .
But to truly understand the Constitution is to also understand the seeds of statism , and the document that libertarians should more loudly promote is the Declaration of Independence .
Of course , to do this is to demand real change , likely secessions , and even war against the prevailing state — and the American government today has already identified those who take this stand as living threats .
What It Means to Be a ... Charles Murray Best Price : $ 0.95 Buy New $ 9.99 ( as of 10:15 EST - Details )
Can those who value liberty and peace , can a political party centered around these values , directly challenge the state ?
I think the answer is no , although electing libertarians locally is certainly worthwhile .
Power is seductive , the siren ’s song far too strong for most men and women — be they libertarians , or those associated with the two major parties , both of which will freely appropriate libertarian rhetoric to be elected , without the slightest idea why this rhetoric is so attractive to average people .
If the goal is a serious reduction of the state power , scope , and its integration with civil society through the electoral process , we may continue to be disappointed in the success of the party to constrain government and render the state less dangerous through electoral politics .
To treat the patient , we first recognize the error of the state , and then point out the existing legal and societal rules , and try to see those rules respected .
The first prescription is the job of the doctor , the intellectual or the armchair quarterback .
It ’s easy , and we are doing it now .
The second prescription requires convincing the patient that the state must live under rules .
It ’s the job of the orderly , the bouncer , or the defensive line .
Given the size and scope of the current American state , this job is nearly impossible , and we are mismatched .
A third prescription however , is an area where libertarians can indeed become standard bearers , and guides for others , and thus lead the charge break the state , or at least break it down .
If the schizoid patient is dangerous — and ours is — he or she must be constrained in movement , in action , and in language .
Libertarians everywhere can challenge the state by both personal resistance and by exposing the state ’s own violations of law , willful and otherwise .
The national Libertarian Party and the state parties should be filing amicus briefs on each and every case where the state is out of line , joining any number of civil and military petitions for justice .
The LP should be out in front in support of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution , from the perspective of Jefferson rather than Hamilton .
It should be helping the case of government whistleblowers .
And it should be bold in striking against the state , never siding with it , and never serving it — even as we walk within it .
We should be everywhere — and yet nowhere .
To assist in the destruction of the unconstitutional state , libertarianism taught , embraced , and lived becomes a kind of guerilla resistance , not just an emerging body of new - old ideas about liberty and humanity , but a fundamental change in the country that both accelerates the drastic reduction of the state , and makes that radical change survivable .
Many uninformed people ( and the state ) relegate libertarianism to libertinism — and sometimes associate a cartoonish label of anarchism with the libertarian brand .
The LP is not shy about what it does not want .
We certainly want the state out of our lives , to leave us alone to live in peace .
We value negative rights and negative freedoms , we celebrate and talk about them , but that language may also make the message seem self - centered and anti-social .
Certainly , the party is organized around negative rights and negative liberties — but when the state interferes , what do we do ?
Well , every day , people fight the state , in a hundred different ways , and it seems to me the LP should not be shy about publicly supporting the fight — successful or not — of those trying to preserve their right to be left alone and to live free .
This is not necessarily big tent libertarianism , or maybe it is .
But I think the LP can use its grown - up political party status to attack and diminish the state by articulating a defense of the cases and the people who attack and diminish the state — and most of the people I am thinking of are probably not party members .
Have we taken up the case of illegal detainees , in the name of principle ?
Have we talked about whistleblower legislation and cases and used those interesting situations as a way of attacking concentrated power ?
Have we really articulated how much the empire costs every American in blood , money and honor ?
Have we truly encouraged and helped push movies , music , and media that touch on our principles ?
I ’m sure the party tries to do this — but when I see the national LP.org website , I see the banner of " smaller government . "
Given that the government consumes nearly half of our GNP each year , has already spent our children and grandchildren ’s future , makes wars in dozens of countries around the world , and has decimated our freedom here at home — all while not listening to a word we say — well , asking for " smaller government " seems pretty wimpy .
Lower taxes is also advocated on the website .
Few people , in terms of simple numbers , pay taxes of any note in this country .
What we think of as the middle class is a minority , and those who pay lots of taxes are those who know they ca n’t vote their way out of it , so they pursue other more rational means of reducing their taxes .
While a smaller state necessarily means less taxes , lower taxes alone is a " who cares " issue and we should leave it to the idiot republicans — who are already proven liars , and will do little to reduce either the growth or the burden of the state on the people .
" More freedom " is the third leg of our political stool .
What does that mean to Americans ?
Half of them think the government is over there defending our " freedom " so more freedom could in fact mean more soldiers over their defending it from those other people who want to take it from us .
Little kids quickly figure out their parents ’ codewords for things like ice cream , sex and the weird neighbor across the street .
But it could be that the LP has n’t yet figured out the Orwellian language of the state ?
In fact , right now the LP website has a Memorial Day message that states , " As Americans reflect this week on those who have died in defense of this nation , Libertarians everywhere join our friends , families and neighbors in honoring the men and women who gave their lives so others could be free . "
Sorry — but I do n’t believe that ’s exactly why they died and if we are joining together in this we are not standing up for our principles .
This country ’s political climate is changing fast , and that change is more like a developing mudslide rather than a surprise earthquake .
The political , economic and religious subsoil is increasingly unable to support the crust of our obscenely immoral and expensive state .
Even as so many of us depend on government for jobs , pensions , contracts , spending , and direction — we are becoming increasingly disassociated from the actuality of that government .
Many have faith in the state as they believe it to be — but the propaganda through the American versions of Pravda and Izvestia are failing — thanks to the internet and decentralized , self - directed education .
Our own hard times in the current era are causing average people to ask a lot of the right questions .
The indoctrination projects in the public schools are failing , as millions of families voluntarily avoid these arenas , students consciously fight back with self - education , or simply drop out for lack of interest .
While many use government services and benefits , the flawed delivery and heavy - handed militarization of these services has opened the eyes of many , and broken their faith .
For the LP to be useful and even powerful in shaping the future of freedom and peace in this country , it needs to stop looking to be a part of the upper crust , because that crust is going to crumble and sink , and in our lifetimes .
Instead , we ought to do what we do best and that is to articulate the principles of freedom in a way that is relevant and understandable to the majority .
That requires a long - term focus , a willingness to be true to the hard core principles of liberty and maintaining a dedication to the understanding that the state is always — always — anti-liberty , even if it is small , gathers less taxes , and allows us " more freedom . "
The foreign policy — the outward personality — of the state will be corrected when the state itself is made small and relatively weak , when it accepts that this condition is healthy , and agrees that being small and weak will ensure the patient ’s long life and productivity .
Most who study government and history understand that it is far more likely that the patient will die violently before accepting this treatment — after all , as Lord Randolph Bourne observed , " war is the health of the state . "
Healing — or elimination — of the schizoid state is the fervent desire of libertarians , and it should be the guiding theme of the Libertarian Party , the goal towards which its every resource is aimed .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
『 Programming in Haskell』の著 者Graham Huttonによる 、
各章の要点をまとめたスライドが以下のURLで公開されています。
http://www.cs.nott.ac.uk/~gmh/book.html
とてもおもしろい内容だったので少しずつ翻訳してます。
翻訳したスライドは、以下の場所で随時公開していきます。
Programming in Haskell
翻訳に間違いがあったら教えてください。
【更新履歴 】
2009/04/30 ： 1〜5章を公開
2009/05/14 ： コメント欄で指摘をいただいた点を修正( 2〜5章)
2009/05/18 ： 「 6 章 再帰関数」を公開
2009/05/20 ： 「 7 章 高階関数」を公開
2009/06/22 ： 「 8 章 関数型パーサー」を公開
2009/06/24 ： 「 9 章 対話型プログラム」を公開
2009/07/01 ： 「 10 章 型とクラスの宣言」を公開
Antipiratbyrån lawyer Henrik Pontén , one of the Pirate Bay 's arch rivals , had quite a surprise recently when he received an unexpected piece of mail .
The letter from the Swedish tax authority informed him that his request for a name change had been accepted and from now on , he would be officially known as ' Pirate Pontén ' .
Anyone brave enough to take on The Pirate Bay with a view to shutting them down automatically makes millions of enemies , some of which become motivated enough to actually do something about it .
Antipiratbyrån lawyer Henrik Pontén knows all about getting on the wrong side of pirates and just recently had yet another reminder that he is widely hated on the Internet .
Just recently Pontén received a letter from the Swedish tax authority ( Skatteverket ) informing him that his request for a change in his personal details had been accepted , which came as quite a surprise since he had made no such request .
From May 29th 2009 , said the letter , 43 year - old Henrik Pontén would have his name changed and become known as Pirate Pontén , undoubtedly to the high amusement of millions of file - sharers .
“ The pirate movement have previously tried threats and when that does n’t work , they do this , ” Pontén told Aftonbladet .
Labeling the name change as a “ silly ” act , Pontén remains determined to press on and get his original name back .
“ This only makes me more convinced that I ’m right , ” he said .
“ The pirate movement often speaks about the importance of personal integrity , but the name change violates my integrity . ”
Pontén and others like him around the world are continuing to discover that most people in opposition to their plans have access to a keyboard and the Internet and that is all they need to do their tiny part in annoying those that set out to annoy them .
One person alone can cause enough damage , multiply this by thousands or millions and the whole situation can become entirely unmanageable .
Pirate Bay users will tell you that they have grown used to Pontén and his activities against them .
Equally Pontén says he has grown used to piracy advocates harassing him in return .
“ The way I see it , there is a campaign against anyone who disagrees with the piracy movement , ” notes Pontén .
“ They are trying to restrict our freedom of speech .
Previously they have tried threats , now they are trying other methods , ” he added .
Pontén told Aftonbladet that the Pirate Party should distance themselves from this type of threat and harassment , although why they should be required to do so is not clear .
There is absolutely no suggestion that the Pirate Party was involved in changing Pontén ’s name but nevertheless , vice chairman Christian Engström felt compelled to comment ;
“ To poke fun at the opposition is perfectly ok , but this kind of conduct is just bad form .
We distance ourselves from threats and trouble - making .
It does not benefit the party , ” he said .
Interestingly , no identity check is carried out in Sweden for name change applications , the person concerned just receives a letter to inform the change has been carried out .
Ingegerd Widell , head of the registry at Skatteverket , said that Pirate Pontén will get his original name back in due course .
Enlarge By SUSAN BAKER MANNING , AP Formerly detained at Guantanamo Bay prison , Salahidin Abdulahat , Abdullah Abdul Qadir , Ablikim Turahun , Kheleel Mamut arrive in Bermuda .
The four have just been released from Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
HAMILTON , Bermuda ( AP ) 
The four men in short - sleeve shirts looked like ordinary tourists , enjoying a Sunday lunch and butter pecan ice cream afterward as they observed the sparkling waters surrounding this Atlantic resort island .
But they are Uighurs , Muslims from the vast stretches of western China , an arid and rugged land that is a far cry from Bermuda 's sandy beaches and quaint narrow streets lined with pastel Victorian - era buildings .
They once were terrorism suspects , but even after U.S. authorities determined the men were n't a threat to the United States , they were kept at the Guantanamo prison for years because no nation would take them — until a few days ago , when Bermuda agreed to let them in as refugees .
" When we did n't have any country to accept us , when everybody was afraid of us ... Bermuda had the courage and was brave enough to accept us , " said Abdulla Abdulgadir , who at 30 is the youngest of the four men who relished their first weekend of freedom in seven years .
Abdulgadir eagerly embraced his new island home .
" We are not moving anywhere , " he said .
He and his companions have traded drab prison jumpsuits for comfortable cotton pants and knit shirts , and razor wire - encircled jail compounds for beach cottages .
They hope to quickly find jobs in Bermuda — one of the world 's wealthiest places because of its financial and insurance sector — and eventually start families .
The four Uighurs ( pronounced WEE ' - gurs ) also have immediate priorities , such as learning to drive , scuba dive and bowl , said Glenn Brangman , a former military official who is helping reintroduce them to the world outside prison .
" I told them one step at a time , " Brangman said .
" They 're beginning to live all over again . "
For these four , the arrival in Bermuda appears to be the end of a difficult journey .
Thirteen other Uighurs at Guantanamo are hoping to move to the Pacific island nation of Palau .
All of them were captured in Pakistan and Afghanistan as suspected allies of the Taliban and al - Qaeda , but the men claimed they had only fled oppression by China and were never enemies of the U.S.
" We only have one enemy , and that 's the Chinese , " one of the men , Ablikim Turahun , told a military tribunal in 2004 .
" They have been torturing us and killing us all : old , young , men , women , little children and unborn children . "
U.S. officials eventually declared the Uighurs innocent of any wrongdoing and authorized their release , but they could n't be sent back to China because U.S. law forbids deporting someone to a country where they are likely to face torture or persecution .
Albania took in five Uighurs in 2006 but refused to take any more , and other countries balked at resettling any of the others , until Bermuda stepped forward last week .
The surprise move , made without consulting Bermuda 's colonial rulers in Britain , angered some of island 's 68,000 people and prompted a call by the opposition for the local Parliament to hold a no-confidence vote on the government .
Brangman said he wants some of the attention to dissipate before he lets the Uighurs live on their own .
" I want to give them more exposure , but certainly a controlled exposure , " Brangman said .
" Not everybody is keen about what the government did . "
For now , the men are savoring the most basic of experiences , interpreter Rushan Abbas said .
They encountered a fisherman while walking along the beach and became curious about the art of fishing , she said .
The man offered to teach them , and one of the former prisoners , Khelil Mamut , tossed a line into the ocean .
He caught a 25 - centimeter ( 10 - inch ) fish to the cheers of the other men , she said .
Brangman later took them swimming and watched as they climbed the rocks and jumped into the ocean like he did as a boy .
" Normally Bermudians test the temperature of the water , " he said .
" But they just went to the edge and jumped straight in . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
As we noted this morning , lawyers representing Chrysler said in court yesterday that the government would not be getting its $ 8 billion of loans back , including about $ 4 billion in debtor - in - possession financing .
Well that news was so stunning -- so obviously an admission that the bankruptcy itself is a bailout to the union -- that we had a hard time believing it .
But it 's totally true .
The administration confirmed the news to CNN :
Some of the main assumptions listed by Robert Manzo of Capstone Advisory Group were that the Treasury would forgive a $ 4 billion bridge loan given to Chrysler in the closing days of the Bush administration , a $ 300 million fee on that loan , and the $ 3.2 billion in financing approved last week by the Obama administration to fund Chrysler 's operations during bankruptcy .
An Obama administration official confirmed Tuesday that Chrysler wo n't be repaying the loans .
A portion of the bridge loan may be recovered by Treasury from the assets of Chrysler Financial , the former credit arm of the automaker which is essentially going out of business as part of the reorganization .
Permission to reprint or repost this Commentoon© by Ann Telnaes is available from Women ’s eNews .
A black and white version is available for newspapers and similar media .
To obtain permission for either version , please send an e-mail to permissions@womensenews.org and include the name of the publication or Web site where you intend to have the Commentoon© appear , the circulation or viewership , the frequency of publication or the length of time image will be available on the Web site and how to reach you .
The scale of safety problems inside Britain 's nuclear power stations has been revealed for the first time in a secret report obtained by the Observer that shows more than 1,750 leaks , breakdowns or other " events " over the past seven years .
The damning document , written by the government 's chief nuclear inspector , Mike Weightman , and released under the Freedom of Information Act , raises serious questions about the dangers of expanding the industry with a new generation of atomic plants .
And it came as the managers of the UK 's biggest plant , Sellafield , admitted they had finally halted a radioactive leak many believe has been going on for 50 years .
The report discloses that between 2001 - 08 there were 1,767 safety incidents across Britain 's nuclear plants .
About half were subsequently judged by inspectors as serious enough " to have had the potential to challenge a nuclear safety system " .
They were " across all areas of existing nuclear plant " , including Sellafield in Cumbria and Aldermaston and Burghfield in Berkshire , says Weightman , chief inspector of the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate ( NII ) .
In an accident at Sizewell A in Suffolk in January 2007 , cooling water leaked from a pond containing highly radioactive spent fuel .
The operator was not prosecuted for breaching safety rules , according to the NII 's official investigation , partly because NII resources were " stretched " .
In May 2007 a manhole at Dounreay in northern Scotland was found to be contaminated with plutonium .
A series of other incidents occurred at Sellafield , including a fault with a trap door meant to provide protection from highly radioactive waste in September 2008 , and the contamination of five workers at a plutonium fuel plant in January 2007 .
A spokesman for Sellafield confirmed last night it had successfully halted the seeping of liquid from a crack in one of four waste tanks that used to process effluent before it was discharged into the Irish Sea .
Some local residents say it started half a century ago .
In January , Weightman sent a 37 - page report to the Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) .
Marked " restricted " , it lays bare the crisis afflicting the regulation of the British nuclear industry .
The NII has had to oversee such problems despite an acute shortage of experienced staff .
It admits to being 26 inspectors short of the 192 it needs to regulate existing facilities , and its ratio of inspectors to nuclear plant is a third of the international average and far below that of Mexico , Spain or South Korea .
To assess new reactor designs , Weightman says he needs a further 36 inspectors , to bring the complement up to 228 by 2011 .
But he has " struggled " to recruit new staff and the " lack of build - up of resources to date " could jeopardise the government 's target date of 2017 for deploying new reactors .
Weightman says the NII faces " major challenges " to ensure old nuclear plants are run or dismantled safely at the same time as checking new plants are safe to build because of staff shortages .
He proposes possible collaboration with China on assessing new reactor designs , hiring French inspectors on secondment and greater use of third - party contractors .
The HSE wants to streamline the assessment of new reactor designs by waiving certain aspects through a series of " exclusions " .
A recent consultation document circulated by Kevin Allars , director of new nuclear build generic design assessment at the HSE , suggests allowing reactor designs to be agreed with certain " exclusions " and " conditions " that could be revisited later .
Emma Gibson , senior climate and energy campaigner at Greenpeace , has rejected this course of action .
In a letter to Allars , she writes : " We do not agree that a regulator should , even in an informal voluntary process , approve any part of the design , ' excluding ' features which may be vital to its safety .
The risk is that this will bypass or emasculate essential stages in the regulatory process . "
The HSE said last night that the NII was continuing to " fulfil its regulatory duties " and was upping the number of inspectors and bringing in appropriately experienced technical support contractors to increase regulatory resources .
" The UK approach to nuclear safety regulation is different to most countries .
Rather than employing large numbers of staff to set regulations for the industry to comply with , NII sets general targets for the industry ( reducing risks as low as reasonably practicable ) which it then regulates through ... issuing licences with strict safety conditions attached . "
It said the proposed use of exclusions was no different from the proportionate approach NII had always taken with its regulation of new projects .
But it is not only environmentalists who have expressed concerns .
" Britain 's nuclear inspectors are facing serious problems with serious implications , " said an independent nuclear engineer , John Large .
" Some of these incidents were potentially disastrous .
We already have evidence that their staffing crisis is compromising their regulation of nuclear safety .
Without a strong and effective regulator , the risk of a large release of radioactivity increases . "
But John McNamara , the spokesman for the 175 - member Nuclear Industry Association , still argues that the industry 's safety record is " second to none " .
There was a " highly professional and transparent regulatory approach " , he said .
" A thorough review into nuclear regulatory resourcing as part of the government 's policy on delivering new nuclear build is under way . "
How to get your stolen bike back .
The saga of my past two months ended with the most whirlwind , petrifying two days .
Without any further exposition , here we go .
In December of 2008 , Harry decided he wanted to get an awesome bike .
He had been riding the same Centurion for years and wanted to upgrade to something new .
Still vintage , but with nicer components .
Something that could still take a beating .
I had also made this decision since I had just gotten my first big girl job and was commuting via train .
There ’s only so often I want to lift a 35 pound bicycle .
So I called a guy in San Jose that had a really beautiful bike that I was interested in .
He had already sold it , but asked what I was looking for , because he sells a lot of bikes .
I told him what I wanted , and I also told him what Harry wanted .
That night , he emailed me with a link to the most beautiful Bianchi I ’ve ever seen .
It was $ 550 and I took the train to San Jose ( Harry was in Austin ) the next morning at 6 a .m. to pick it up before work .
He rode it for three months .
The only thing changed was the addition of SPD pedals instead of the Look pedals that came with it .
The little thing was a champ - needed a new tire at one point , and the bottom bracket was kind of squeaky , but these are things that happen with used bikes .
On March 19th , Harry went to the 16th Street Safeway and locked up with a cable lock to their bike rack .
The bike rack is right outside the doors and is under a box that people would presume holds a security camera .
He locked up at 7:30 .
At 7:55 I got a text saying the bike was stolen .
This , of course , makes me lose my damn mind .
The Safeway manager refused to speak with him until a police report was filed and pointed him instead to the security for the complex .
He filed a report with them , and they were all too fast to tell him that he box hanging above the rack does n’t have a camera in it , so there ’s no footage to review .
Called the police , waited for hours , ended up coming home when they never showed .
I made a post on the 20th to craigslist saying it was stolen , showing photos of it , and hoping that someone would see it around the mission and give us a tip .
( San Francisco has an amazing , very large cycling community , and I figured it would help . )
No leads , but I got a lot of emails relating similar stories , sharing tips about where I could look , and just outright sympathy .
The outpouring of concern over a bicycle that did n’t mean anything to anyone but us was overwhelming and I am truly grateful for it .
It helped me to mourn the loss of bike that I really , really loved .
Mourning did n’t mean giving up .
Mourning meant spending every day for the next two months repeatedly checking craigslist for it .
And not just San Francisco - L.A. and Sacramento too , as I was told that sometimes bikes are stolen in huge groups in one city and then transported to another city in order to make them harder to trace .
So all three craigslists were constantly on my radar .
My heart would skip every time I saw a 57 cm Bianchi , but they were never the right bike .
The stickers on the frame were wrong , the stem was wrong , the bars were n’t wrapped right , the brake hoods were the wrong shape , and it just goes on and on .
I knew this bike .
On May 7th , I was just searching for bikes - by now I was still searching for the Bianchi every day , but I had started to let it go .
I knew we were never seeing it again .
And then , there it was .
Bianchi Roadbike : Celeste & Campy– 57 cm – [ fits 5 '10 - 6 '0 ] ( mission district )
The tires were changed , the saddle was different , and there was a new blue bottle cage on it .
This was the bike .
And I started to panic .
I immediately pulled out all of our photos .
I uploaded six decent res ( 1100x800 ) photos to Flickr the day we got it .
I took a photo of it on the train on my way back from buying it to send to all my bike nerd friends .
The ad had super high res photos as well that helped me to compare important pieces of information about it .
We did n’t have a police report .
How were we possibly going to get this back ?
So I did what any girl living in a city where she does n’t really know anyone would do : I contacted the internet .
“ The internet ” , in this case , is Allan Hough , writer and editor of Mission Mission , one of the most read blogs in San Francisco .
“ Dear Allan , you ’re my only hope . ” , the hyperbolic email started .
So he emailed me back within minutes saying he was happy to do a post to raise awareness , but did n’t know anything about the legal aspects .
Harry and I debated a lot over what to do .
Would the seller see the post and disappear with the bike ?
Because ultimately , this was not about revenge or screwing someone over , this was about getting my bike back to me , right the hell now .
We did three things .
Allan made his post with all of my information proving that it was our bike .
Harry sent the seller an email expressing interest in buying it .
And I sent an email saying that it was my stolen bike and I would like it back .
My email is the controversial one .
But I truly believed - and still do , beyond a shadow of a doubt - that the seller is not the person who stole my bike .
And I do n’t think the person who sold it to him is who stole my bike .
Flipping bikes is a big market here .
I believe the bike changed hands many , many times , and there is no way to get back to the person who stole it .
I did n’t want this kid to get screwed , but I wanted to rely on his potential kindness and see if I could just get the thing back .
This was a suggestion from Allan - who ended that same email with “ I dunno .
Might get shot . ”
He posted it , and I was off to my favorite home base , Shotwell’s .
I spoke with the bar patrons there ( we ’re all regulars ) about how nervous I was .
I checked the MM comments obsessively looking for new advice .
Harry came to the bar after work , and what we ultimately decided to do was go to the cops .
They were , let ’s say , uninterested .
( I will say incredibly good things about the SFPD soon , but that time has not yet come . )
We filed a report , but they did not believe it was our bike .
They only cared about a serial number .
Not a single one of them knew anything about bikes and assumed all bikes were identical - you buy it from a shop , it looks like this , they made thousands of them , we ca n’t prove this one was yours .
This was not a stock bike .
Most older bicycles are n’t .
I ’d think that living in a huge cycling district , they would know that .
But they did n’t .
We filed our report , dejected , and went home .
They gave us a number to call the next day where we could give our further information and plead our case that it belonged to us .
When I got home , I had an email from the seller .
He bought it from someone else at a bike swap , a guy who ’s relatively well known in the cycling community and used to be a coach , thought it was a good deal and he wanted to spruce it up a bit and resell it .
He would be happy to give it to me , but spent $ 400 on it and just wanted his money back .
And I can understand that .
If I was in his position , I would n’t want to lose $ 400 .
I debated a long time over how to handle this and not screw this kid over .
I , of course , posted this to the MM comments .
People were on the side of not giving him $ 400 , under any circumstances .
I needed to figure out some way to get this back and not lose $ 400 , and I also needed to not get hurt .
One of us is 5 ' 10 " , super athletic , super skinny and fast .
One of us is 5 ' 4 " , a little chubby , and totally nonthreatening .
We do not have big friends .
There ’s no “ busting heads ” that will occur here .
While at Shotwell ’s on Thursday , I wrote a haiku and drew a little illustration of the bike .
Dave , one of my two favorite bartenders in this city ( for the curious , the other one is Tom , who co-owns the same bar ) posted it up on their wall and drew people ’s attention to it .
This sounds stupid , but that little haiku generated a lot of conversation .
When I rolled up into the bar the next day , people asked me about it .
And they asked me about the MM post , which had been by now lovingly picked up by SFist .
“ You ’re not going to give him $ 400 , are you ? ” I was n’t .
We went to the cops .
Harry had called the inspector earlier in the day and told him we had a meeting set up .
He said to come to the mission police department 90 minutes before the meeting and that there would be someone to accompany us .
The police there gave me a phone number of an undercover cop , who asked me to meet him at Weird Fish , a restaurant just a block down .
I do n’t want to post the whole story - and I know this is a letdown if you ’ve followed this saga so far - because it was a truly beautifully organized operation that went down , and I do n’t want to compromise that security for future operations .
I had no idea they actually operated like this and even now that I ’ve been a part of it , it ’s insane to believe that it happened .
The two brilliant , wonderful SFPD officers we met at Weird Fish were bike people .
We talked components , we talked frame , I talked so much that they eventually laughed and told me that I could stop because they had long believed me .
So the details are going to be left out , but here ’s the jist :
We were both taken to a restaurant we had agreed to meet the guy at .
We looked the bike over , had a chat with him .
It took me less than ten seconds to know it was our bike .
The signal was for Harry to take his hat off .
And about twenty seconds later , four police officers , two undercover and two in black and white , appeared out of nowhere and guided the young gentleman to the side .
They were as discreet as four cops outside a restaurant with a patio can be .
Cuffed him and guided ( actually guided , not pushed ) him over to a wall so he could just lean up against it and not have every passerby know he was handcuffed .
I did n’t overhear the conversation , because I did n’t want to .
I am sincerely sorry this kid got caught up in the middle of it .
It ’s not his fault that he ’s a casualty .
But after everyone ’s advice , I decided that I ca n’t take responsibility for him .
He is not my problem : getting my stolen bike back was my problem .
And there it was .
We put the Bianchi in the back of the car .
A police officer drove us back to the station and we were free to go .
I was told that the kid would n’t be arrested , because he had a good chance to explain his story too .
The police were understanding and firm at the same time .
They were in it to defend us , and they were in it to defend against bike theft .
The amount of care they put into my silly bicycle was absolutely astonishing and I ca n’t be more pleased with how the situation was handled .
So here are the tips I picked up along the way , things I legitimately did n’t know and got to learn through the power of the internet .
- Keep a file with your serial number in it .
Take a photo of it with your phone and keep it with you .
The serial number is not important to people who know bikes , but the initial police officers will not even have a conversation with you if you do n’t have this number .
That is the only reason we needed it , and we did n’t have it , because we are idiots .
- Document everything .
Photos of all the components , of the whole bike , of you with the bike .
Date them somehow .
- Do something noticeable to the bike .
The chain lock that he used to keep on his seat tube rubbed against the frame and scratched the paint .
We knew this and it ended up helping .
If you do n’t want to scratch your bike up , and you should n’t , keep a photo of yourself in the seat tube .
That way you can take the seat post out and pull the photo out and show them that it ’s yours .
No one else should have a photo of you in their bike .
- You can file a police report online .
Harry waited for hours and gave up because he was hungry , mad and tired .
Police respond to calls with three levels of importance .
A stolen old bike is of C level importance , and in a neighborhood like this , they just do n’t have time to get to all of it .
We could have filed a report online , but did n’t know any better and did n’t think to look .
- Cable locks are worthless .
The SFPD actually advised us against full - size U - locks and said mini u-locks are the way to go .
Large ones can be pried apart .
Mini ones are going to be too tight to get anything else inside and you ca n’t get any leverage .
Special thanks here go to the SFPD , obviously , because they were amazing , Shotwell ’s Bar at 20th & Shotwell ( and obviously David Hall and Tom Madonna , who were incredibly supportive and almost as excited as we were about getting it back ) , Brock Keeling and Allan Hough .
I do n’t know many people here .
I am a nerd .
The only thing I could think of to do was raise awareness .
The amount of publicity we got - there are people I do n’t hardly know that hugged me when we rolled up into Shotwell ’s for the second time on Friday night and Harry got off the Bianchi .
Everyone I met was talking about it , and that is not a thing I could do just by myself .
It also got people talking .
So many people with stolen bikes that have all this knowledge that can help out .
I did n’t have any idea what to do and I did n’t know anyone personally who could help me , so the internet gave me a hand .
Emailing Allan was the greatest thing I could have possibly done to raise awareness and get people talking about an all - too - common serious problem .
We have our Bianchi back .
If this happens to you , I sincerely hope you can be as lucky as we were and get your bikes back where they belong .
We all love music , do n’t we ?
If anybody does n’t , they should speak up now .
We also all know Pandora , the service that helps us discover new music , a process previously only allowed by payola - filled radio or friend recommendations .
This service is a real breakthrough , and we all love it , but it has its weaknesses .
Today , I decided to take the plunge and support Pandora , and I bought a subscription to Pandora|One , their paid for service .
This service touts a desktop application , custom skins , ad - free music , a mini-player , and custom skins for their web interface .
After playing with this service , I have mostly good things to say about it , and I know I will be renewing my subscription next year for another $ 36 .
Let ’s start with the easiest feature to review : the audio quality .
No complaints here , it sounds much better than regular Pandora on my surround sound speakers , though nowhere near as good as FLAC .
Not too much of a setback for me , but audiophiles beware .
Next , we come to my favorite feature : the desktop app .
I was wary of this going in , due to the fact that I run Linux .
I was afraid that I would be downloading the dreaded . exe file , and I was severely disappointed in that regard .
The folks at Pandora ( and I love them for this ) decided to use Adobe ’s AIR framework .
Criticize it as much as you want , but it ’s definitely the way I am listening to my Pandora from now on .
The interface is amazing , and feels like the iPhone application ( which I also use ) .
It has an awesome notification system that reminds me of screenshots of the Ubuntu 9.04 notification system .
The audio quality is also 192 kbps , and they skinned it black , which happens to look great with almost any desktop ( fit right into mine ) .
Once again , I want the Pandora guys to know how happy I am that they decided to support Linux .
( Click to Enlarge )
On to the next feature : the miniplayer .
It is the same mini-player that used to be available for free .
This is the one place where I would like to criticize Pandora .
Taking out a perfectly good , free feature in order to “ add ” a feature to Pandora 1 is unacceptable in my opinion .
I would have paid to get rid of the ads on it , but making free users suffer is really not something that I like to see .
If it is still available and I just did not see it when I was still Free , just drop a comment and I ’ll withdraw this .
Next , the skins .
They are really just a bunch of background changes ; nothing spectacular .
There are some nice ones , but I really do n’t think we needed something like that .
Do n’t get me wrong : it ’s not a bad touch if you ’re stuck on the web inteface , but they could have done more ( skinning the whole site not the background ) .
I have faith in Pandora , and I hope they will be able to put something like that together .
If not , so be it .
( Click to Enlarge )
Last features are unlimited skips per day ( still six per hour though ) .
Nothing much to be said , except I wish they would work out more skips with licensing companies .
I understand that it may not be possible , but hey , I can dream .
The no-ads is a nobrainer , and I did n’t have a problem before due to a certain FireFox extension .
Well , that ’s all .
Drop your feedback , and feel free to correct me .
The sexy hot marine brokeback actor , Jake Gyllenhaal , stars in Prince of Persia .
Jerry Bruckheimer gives us a glimpse of the film in the interview below .
Prince of Persia is schedule for release in theaters May 28th , 201 .
What do you guys think ?
Will this video game to movie be a flop like Super Mario Bro ?
Or will the sexyness of the lead actor bring in the money like Tomb Raider ?
[ flv width = ” 590 ″ height = ” 400 ″ ]
http://Joystiq.a.ec.viddler.com/8e608e57010754d5b404747c9318a608742d118a.flv[/flv]
MARY ALICE WILLIAMS , guest anchor : California ’s gay marriage law remains in legal limbo .
The state ’s Supreme Court judges have less than two weeks to either uphold or strike down the gay marriage ban known as Proposition 8 .
Prop 8 passed last Election Day , in large part because Mormon churches mobilized for it .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints withstood blistering criticism from outside the faith .
Now resentments are festering inside the Mormon community .
Lucky Severson reports .
LUCKY SEVERSON : Dr. Pam Chan is an OB / GYN and a lifelong Mormon living in San Francisco .
She found herself deeply conflicted when she got the message that her church was going all out in support of Proposition 8 banning gay marriage in California .
Dr. PAM CHAN ( Member , Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ) :
There would be little announcements made here and there , announcements about how we might be able to volunteer our time to , you know , go door - to - door , to hand out flyers , to stand on street corners with signs , and these little announcements , you know , I ’d hear and I ’d look around and wonder , “ Is everyone okay with this ?
Does anyone besides me see a problem with this ? ”
SEVERSON : Ron Packard is a lawyer , a former Mormon bishop and former mayor of Los Altos , California .
He is now a councilman who supported Proposition 8 and says it ’s extremely rare for the church to get involved in ballot issues .
RON PACKARD ( Former Mormon Bishop ) : I think that they made an exception to their general policy of not getting involved because they have a core concern about the protection of families and the possible disintegration of families in modern society .
SEVERSON : The church ’s official position is that marriage between a man and a woman is ordained by God , and the formation of families is central to the Creator ’s plan for his children .
Mormons believe they are led by a modern - day prophet who receives revelations from God , and when the prophet speaks members usually follow .
But with this issue Dr. Chan discovered that other active members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints were also strongly opposed to the church ’s position on gay marriage .
Dr. CHAN : Our church is the church of Jesus Christ , first and foremost , and my understanding of the Gospel of Christ is that it ’s a Gospel of love and acceptance .
So it seems like a policy that ’s about discrimination , which often goes hand in hand with fear and hatred , not about love and acceptance , and that for me is really troublesome .
SEVERSON : Bob Rees is a retired professor of literature at UCLA , a former Mormon bishop and a church scholar .
BOB REES ( Former Mormon Bishop ) :
In reality , this is an issue which has divided our society .
It ’s divided churches .
It ’s divided families , and some individuals are divided within themselves .
LISA FAHEY ( Member , Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ) :
So during the rallies I had some signs that said “ Straight and Active Mormon for Marriage Equality ” because I wanted to let people know , and I got a lot of attention for that .
People came up and shook my hand and hugged me and told me , “ Thank you very much . ”
SEVERSON : Lisa Fahey and Kim McCall are also active Mormons , also conflicted .
Ms. FAHEY : That ’s my whole point for speaking out — letting other people know that you can vote “ no ” or you can be for gay marriage and still be an active Mormon .
Mr. PACKARD : The church has a long tradition of encouraging thinking members to not be afraid to speak up — beginning with Brigham Young .
He said does n’t want blind allegiance .
He wants people to pray about it , think about it , and come to their own conclusions .
SEVERSON : In the year 2000 , a majority of California voters approved a proposition stating that only a marriage between a man and a woman was valid .
Eight years later , the California Supreme Court ruled that the ban on gay marriage violated the state ’s constitution , and that ’s when the drive began to amend the constitution with Proposition 8 , and that ’s when church leaders sent out a letter to its members calling on them to donate their time and money to an unequivocal moral cause .
Although many churches and a majority of Californian ’s supported Proposition 8 , Mormons were probably the most organized and donated almost half the $ 19 million generated for the campaign .
Mr. REES : And I think there ’s no question that the church ’s involvement in this was determinative .
Many people were unprepared for the effectiveness of the church in doing what it does .
I think the church was probably unprepared for such a strong negative response to its involvement .
SEVERSON : The church may also have been unprepared for the number of members who opposed the church ’s proclamation .
Members who are still active like Laura Compton , a church organist and mother of two , who operates a Web site called Mormonsformarriage.com .
She says the site still gets lots of attention and in the run-up to Proposition 8 was getting thousands of hits a day .
LAURA COMPTON ( Mormonsformarriage.com ) :
The comments that we have gotten are a lot of members who say , “ Thank you so much for creating this community .
I felt so alone . ”
A lot who said , “ Because you have this site , I ’m able to continue going to church . ”
A lot of people who have called us to repentance for what we have been doing , and a lot of outside people who ’ve said , “ Thank you for showing us that not all Mormons , you know , want to take away our rights to marriage . ”
Ms. FAHEY : It ’s been really difficult to be a member of the church during this time .
I ’ve had a lot of people tell me that possibly I should be excommunicated , and that ’s really hurt me , because I feel like I ’m really a very loving , forgiving person .
Mr. REES :
The most unfortunate thing for me in all of this thing that happened over Proposition 8 was the divisiveness , the acrimony .
Each side began in some sense emotionally and spiritually dis-fellowshipping or excommunicating the other side .
SEVERSON : Ron Packard says the most fierce opposition has come from gay rights advocates that have rallied against the church around the nation .
He ’s says he on a blacklist because he supported Proposition 8 .
Mr. PACKARD : There ’s some people who ’ve lost their jobs because they supported Proposition 8 .
SEVERSON ( to Mr. Packard ) : Really ?
Mr. PACKARD : Yeah .
KIM MCCALL ( Member , Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ) :
So one of the dynamics of the church over the last hundred years is to move more and more mainstream .
Okay , we looked very sort of un-American .
You know , Brigham Young was opposed to the Pledge of Allegiance [ Editor 's Note : Mr. McCall 's statement about Brigham Young is in error .
Brigham Young died in 1877 .
The Pledge of Allegiance was written in 1892 ] , and we looked really outside the mainstream , and there ’s been a , you know , more American than thou now we ’re the most patriotic people .
Okay , we were n’t very monogamous .
Now we ’re more monogamous than everybody else .
You know , we ’ve got to be .
You know , we ’re so worried about polygamy in our history and how odd it makes us look that maybe we need to overreact .
Mr. REES : I think there is little question that a from a public relations point of view the church has suffered over its involvement in Proposition 8 , and I know of people who have had second thoughts about joining the church over this issue .
I know some of our missionaries have had a difficult time finding open doors and open hearts because of this .
Mr. PACKARD : A majority of the people of the United States do n’t want same - sex marriages .
So for the majority we may have , instead of getting a hit we get a halo .
Whenever any organization gets involved in the political process , there ’s going to be some who consider it a hit and others who feel that they ’re a hero .
SEVERSON : Ron Packard says the church does not discriminate against gays , that his niece and some of his friends are gay , and that the church does not have a policy of denying the sacrament to homosexual members .
But Lisa
Fahey says there are still members who do n’t understand what it means to be gay .
Ms. FAHEY : I even had some friends say that they still think that homosexuality is a choice .
I do n’t think the church leadership feels that way but members — some members feel that way , wrongly of course .
SEVERSON : Bob Rees says as a bishop he counseled gay and lesbian members who felt they were not wanted in the church .
Mr. REES :
We have congregations who are not inclusive of the homosexual members of their congregations .
We have families in which brothers and sisters do n’t speak to one another over these issues , and I as a Christian , I ca n’t understand that .
It breaks my heart .
SEVERSON : Laura Compton says since Proposition 8 the church leadership has become more flexible , making it known that members can still be in good standing even if they oppose the church ’s position .
Ms. COMPTON : This has not challenged my faith , no .
My faith is independent of the morality or the politics of gay marriage .
It ’s deeper .
My faith is in a Christ who loves everybody and wants everyone to come to him , and a God that loves the world no matter whether they are Mormon or Muslim or Jewish or Catholic , and wants all of us to be there and all of us to treat each other like we ’re brothers and sisters and not like we ’re them and us .
Mr. REES :
The function of faith communities is to make a home a for us , and I think that many of our Latter - day Saint brothers and sisters feel homeless , because we have n’t created a home for them .
But I see that changing .
I think there is much more understanding .
SEVERSON : As other states take up the issue of gay marriage , Mormon church leaders this time around have not asked members to get involved .
Meanwhile , the California Supreme Court is once again considering the constitutionality of the ban on gay marriage .
Their decision is expected soon .
For RELIGION & ETHICS NEWSWEEKLY , I ’m Lucky Severson in San Francisco .
The Washington Post takes the Democrats to task for playing political games with the District of Columbia ’s school voucher program :
REP .
DAVID R. Obey ( Wis. ) and other congressional Democrats should spare us their phony concern about the children participating in the District ’s school voucher program .
If they cared for the future of these students , they would n’t be so quick as to try to kill the program that affords low - income , minority children a chance at a better education .
Their refusal to even give the program a fair hearing makes it critical that D.C. Mayor Adrian M. Fenty ( D ) seek help from voucher supporters in the Senate and , if need be , President Obama .
Last week , the Democrat - controlled House passed a spending bill that spells the end , after the 2009 - 10 school year , of the federally funded program that enables poor students to attend private schools with scholarships of up to $ 7,500 .
A statement signed by Mr. Obey as Appropriations Committee chairman that accompanied the $ 410 billion spending package directs D.C. Schools Chancellor Michelle A. Rhee to “ promptly take steps to minimize potential disruption and ensure smooth transition ” for students forced back into the public schools .
We would like Mr. Obey and his colleagues to talk about possible “ disruption ” with Deborah Parker , mother of two children who attend Sidwell Friends School because of the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program .
“ The mere thought of returning to public school frightens me , ” Ms. Parker told us as she related the opportunities — such as a trip to China for her son — made possible by the program .
Tell her , as critics claim , that vouchers do n’t work , and she ’ll list her children ’s improved test scores , feeling of safety and improved motivation .
Protesters in Honduras yesterday put up roadblocks in the capital , Tegucigalpa , as they demanded the return of the president , Manuel Zelaya , hours after he was ousted in a military coup .
Hundreds of people , some wearing masks and armed with sticks , put up barricades near the presidential palace as governments across the region condemned the first military overthrow in central America since the end of the cold war .
What has so far been a bloodless coup could yet turn lethal .
Shots were fired near the presidential palace last night , but it was unclear who was shooting or whether there were any casualties .
Soldiers seized Zelaya , who was in his pyjamas , early yesterday and took him to neighbouring Costa Rica by plane .
The 56 - year - old president , looking dishevelled but calm , said he had been expelled by " rightwing oligarchs " and promised to return to Honduras .
Zelaya , who had been in office since 2006 , was ousted after clashing with the judiciary , congress and the army over proposed constitutional changes that would allow presidents to seek re-election .
The US and European Union joined Latin American governments in denouncing the coup .
In Honduras , however , the establishment rallied around the army 's action .
Congress named an interim president , Roberto Micheletti , who announced an immediate curfew for Sunday and Monday nights .
The country 's leading court said it had authorised the toppling of the president .
The protests in Tegucigalpa were small , but defiant civilians shouted insults and slapped soldiers occupying the presidential palace .
Most Hondurans , who are bitterly divided over Zelaya , stayed indoors .
The deposed leader was due to meet leftwing allies in Nicaragua today for an emergency summit likely to be dominated by Zelaya 's mentor , the Venezuelan president , Hugo Chávez .
Chávez put Venezuelan troops on alert and vowed do everything necessary to restore his ally , whom he claimed may have been ousted by Washington 's hand .
Analysts , however , expressed doubt that he had either the will or the capacity for military intervention .
The US president , Barack Obama , distanced the US from any involvement in the coup .
" Any existing tensions and disputes must be resolved peacefully through dialogue free from any outside interference , " he said .
Washington said it recognised only Zelaya as president .
Honduras , an impoverished coffee , textile and banana exporter , has been politically stable since the end of military rule in the early 1980s .
It was a solid Washington ally in the cold war and still has a US military base .
Zelaya , a rich and flamboyant landowner , was elected as a conservative but in the past two years embraced Chávez 's form of " 21st century socialism " .
He was popular among much of the Honduran poor , but his overall ratings were down to 30 % .
Last week , Zelaya tried to fire the armed forces chief , General Romeo Vasquez , in a dispute over an attempt to hold an unofficial referendum about changing the constitution to allow presidential terms beyond a single , four - year stretch .
Under the constitution as it stands , Zelaya would have been due to leave office in early 2010 .
The supreme court , which last week ordered him to reinstate Vasquez , said yesterday it had told the army to remove the president .
“ We ’ve been there .
We know what it ’s like . ” – DBSA President Peter Ashenden on one of the organization ’s most crucial weapons for combating mental health stigma and misinformation .
In addition to currently serving as the president of the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance ( DBSA ) , Peter Ashenden is a dynamic keynote speaker , a member of several mental health boards and committees , and acted as both a commissioner of the Certification Commission of the United States Psychiatric Rehabilitation Association ( USPRA ) and the executive director for the Mental Health Empowerment Project ( MHEP ) .
Simply put , Ashenden is quite the force to be reckoned with in the mental health education and advocacy world and , as cliché as it sounds , I pretty much felt like I was in the presence of greatness when I was able to speak with him last month about the DBSA ’s involvement with Blueprint for Hope , the recently launched campaign the DBSA , ABC ’s Paige Hemmis , and the University of Louisville ’s Dr. Jesse H. Wright hope will help people develop their own “ blueprints ” for treating and managing depression .
Ashenden credits an “ uninformed public ” as being one of the biggest problems with mental health care today , so it ’s really no surprise the DBSA was eager to get on board with Blueprint for Hope :
“ We knew it was going to be a very important campaign .
We ’re creating ways for people to develop plans [ … ] ways people can support that plan . ”
Of course , this is n’t exactly a new mission for the DBSA .
Founded in 1985 , the DBSA is the nation ’s largest consumer - run mental health advocacy organization with 17 state organizations , more than 400 chapters , and close to 1,000 support groups across the country .
In addition to online support groups , which have elicited responses with which Ashenden is “ extremely pleased , ” the organization ’s website , www.dbsalliance.org, provides numerous tools for understanding depression and developing wellness plans .
From the in depth educational resources to help people learn more about depression and bipolar disorder , to its Wellness Toolbox which offers strategy tips , symptom management checklists , and trigger and trouble trackers , it seems like the DBSA offers every tool a depression sufferer could possibly need to comprehend and manage depression – aside from what you must get from a doctor , that is .
As the DBSA site clearly demonstrates , the Internet provides a vast array of information when it comes to learning more about and managing mental health issues – especially for folks who are still intimidated by the stigma that surrounds mental illness – but it should n’t always be the only source of help .
It can actually lead to more isolation , which Ashenden warns is the “ worst demon ” when it comes to dealing with mental health issues like depression .
“ Get as much information as you can .
Read literature , talk to support groups – but never isolate yourself . ”
Despite the risk of isolation , stigma , fear , and shame are still pretty powerful factors in preventing folks from talking about mental health and seeking treatment .
Yet , Ashenden has an answer for that , too , and it lies in his evident hands - on approach to educating people about mental health and treatments :
He assures me that if anyone ever admitted to him to being afraid to attend a support group meeting , he ’d respond :
“ Would you be willing to meet me on a Saturday and we ’ll go together ? ”
Ashenden ’s impressive resume is n’t all he brings to the DBSA or Blueprint for Hope , and he can sum up his secret weapon with one word : “ Passion ! ”
“ It motivates and drives me to achieve more and more .
I set the bar high because I know we can achieve it . ”
Both the DBSA and Blueprint for Hope clearly have the right guy on their team .
For more information , please visit the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance and Blueprint for Hope websites .
And , to find out what Paige Hemmis says about it all , visit Paige Hemmis : Help For Depression , One Blueprint At A Time .
Peter Ashenden
On the DBSA , Blueprint for Hope , and Passion
I get A LOT of Emails from people who would like to start as an aid worker and find it difficult to get into the humanitarian world .
While I condensed my advice in this post , many ask for specific tips , or " what would you do if you were in my situation ? " ...
Back in January , I got this request from Stefano , via The Road 's discussion forum :
(...) I have been an Italian expat for nearly 20 years .
I moved to the UK with no English at all , ended up with a BA degree in European Studies .
After 11 years in the UK I moved to Ireland in 2002 .
Between the UK , Italy and Ireland , I have been working primarily in the air transport sector and I was able to travel around the world extensively and learn many things .
Finally in 2005
I eventually decided to change career for something I was passionate about .
Humanitarian Aid .
So , I went to study for the Masters degree in Humanitarian Action at University College Dublin .
With my own finances , I went to Fiji and Cook Islands and finished my research thesis in Disaster Risk Reduction , Preparedness and Mitigation in the Pacific .
Sadly , I found no jobs afterwards , so I decided to volunteer and managed to spend 6 months in remote areas between India and Nepal doing an evaluation on the development work of 21 educational institutions .
On my return to Ireland , I started doing some teaching in Development Studies in schools and a few sessions at Universities in International Development .
But that was it .
Soon afterwards , I was recruited by Irish Aid to be on the Rapid Response Team ( Surge Capacity ) register for UN OCHA and WFP as Humanitarian Affairs Officer and Logistics , respectively .
Got fully trained by the UN in policy and practice , field security , vehicle handling , GPS , Compass etc .
After a year on the roster I was put forward for a few jobs with OCHA and WFP in various locations but I was not successful in either occasions .
The UN and many agencies out there require a fair bit of experience , let 's say a minimum of 5 years in the field .
So , I fear I will be on stand - by for many more years ..
Anyhow , all I wanted to say here is that my expectations were quite different .
And It 's not just a money issue , I thought that a professional qualification in the field would have made a slight difference , but it did not .
It was great to acquire lots of skills and knowledge in the area but It 's the experience that counts .
And with no experience you will not get the chance to gain experience , Catch 22 situation ?
I am just writing a short note to say thank you for your advice .
I am pleased to say I made some good progress since we last heard from each other .
In April I was taken on board with OCHA and posted to Colombia to run all field office ops in one of the most problematic regions at the very border with Venezuela .
Since I am practically doing everything here , work is very challenging and rewarding .
I work very closely with all other UN agencies , of course , especially WFP with whom I go joint missions as well .
The work of humanitarian assistance has changed its face over the last 20 years or so .
The new global development agenda and an increased number of complex humanitarian emergencies have prompted the need to professionalize the aid sector .
Over the last few years , there has been an increased demand for qualified people with the ability to manage humanitarian and development programmes .
Many colleges and universities around the world are now offering postgraduate courses in humanitarian assistance and development studies .
With agencies working globally and the increased diverse needs in humanitarian work means technical people are also sought from other sectors .
Skilled people like engineers , IT , logisticians , accountants , nutritionists and doctors are also in demand .
With the advent of the private sector in development programmes , it also means that aid work can virtually be suitable for anyone coming from different walks of life .
However , there are certain issues one ought to take into account .
Like any other sector or industry , it is often very difficult to get your foot in the door .
To get your foot in the door requires good preparation , self - motivation and a lot of persistence .
However , speaking from personal experience , even that sometimes it 's not enough .
As some people say , you also need to be at the right place , at the right time .
Basically , you need a fair bit of luck as well .
But luck does not come along by itself , you need to look for that .
Just imagine aid work as a big family on a rollercoaster .
Your aim must be joining the family on that rollercoaster .
How you do that ?
For start ups , inexperienced or wannabes , voluntary work is the best start .
Or an internship if you are at college .
For those with some ground work done , the secret is networking .
Attend meetings , conferences , seminars , make yourself known .
Apply for jobs and follow up .
Agencies receive tons of CV's and most of them end up in the bin .
Only a few get an interview .
Often only one gets the job .
Last but not least , aid work can be very rewarding but is hard work , too .
You must be very passionate about it or can easily end up in misery .
You must have natural interpersonal skills and the ability to adapt to intensely challenging situations and withstand emotional strain .
After just 2 months I have realised Colombia is one of the largest and most complicated humanitarian emergencies around the world but with no media coverage whatsoever .
That 's why I have recently decided to start a blog about it .
It 's about giving some kind of visibility on the long standing humanitarian situation , whereas Colombia only gets news on guerrilla and narcotraffic .
Also , the blog intends to give some ideas about life in Colombia which is very far away from what most people think around the world .
Coming from Ostia ( just outside Rome ) I was definitely surprised to see many places here are far more modern and organised than the place I come from .
Life in urban areas is more normal than we think , living standards are quite high for many ( yes , thanks to illicit dealings , too ) .
Yet , life in rural areas is very different , indeed .
Briefly , the current scenario has seen a number of actors such as the Army , paramilitaries , guerrillas and politicians engulfed in a situation that has led to mass displacements , forced confinements and extra judicial killings , not to mention other socio- economic - environmental factors that are affecting the population .
Alike us foreigners , even ordinary Colombians know very little about the real situation here since the Colombian government and national media also pretty much ignore whats going on .
Finally , I also believe Colombia does not get the headlines because there are n't any IDP or refugee camps like in Rwanda or DRC .
People might have ended up everywhere but the number of people displaced , killed or disappeared are around 4 million !
I gave my piece of advice , but then did not hear from Stefano until a few weeks back : I asked Stefano to sum up his experiences and advice for other people who would like to get started as an aidworker .
Here is what he wrote :
And passionate he is .
I can hear that in what he wrote about his work in Colombia :
And to top it off , he also started his own blog , Forgotten Colombia Hat off , Stefano , and keep on going .
We wish you a safe stay in Colombia .
One day , our roads will cross .
President Obama and Speaker Pelosi , if you have to throw a bone to the right wing , let it not be the bones of the youth who elected you .
We just want the facts that can save our lives .
Every year when I was in high
school in Lubbock , Texas , we were herded into the auditorium for a lecture
from a local youth pastor about the birds and the bees .
At the culmination of every
presentation , the pastor pulled a girl up on stage , produced a dirty ,
dingy toothbrush from his pocket and asked if she would brush her teeth
with it .
When she invariably said no , he pulled out another toothbrush ,
this one in its original box , and repeated the question .
When she said yes to that one , he brandished the rejected toothbrush above
his head and announced to the audience , " If you have sex before marriage ,
you are the dirty toothbrush . "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Leading advocates for a sensible , comprehensive federal sex education policy call on Congress to zero out funding for failed abstinence - only programs .
A report recently released
on the state of sex education in Texas details other bizarre things
students are taught in the classroom about sex , contraception and their
bodies , all subsidized by federal dollars .
One skit titled " Jumping
Off the Bridge " concludes that giving a condom to a teen is like
saying , " Well if you insist on killing yourself by jumping off
the bridge , at least wear these elbow pads . "
Another presentation
equates pre-marital sex with instances of marital murder - suicide .
Still
another compares women ’s sexuality to crock pots that take awhile
to get warmed up , and men’s to microwaves that are ready to cook at
a moment ’s notice .
An entire generation of American
teens has been confused , misinformed and endangered by abstinence - only - until - marriage
programs like these .
They are not just paid for by the federal government ;
states can’t use these dollars for anything else .
In the past fifteen years alone ,
more than a billion taxpayer dollars have been doled out to every state
to teach curricula that often contain factual inaccuracies about condoms
and contraceptives , generalizations about sexuality that are based on
biases about gender and sexual orientation , and religious messaging
that probably violates the U.S. Constitution .
The programs were a pet project
of the Bush administration , and key to attracting votes and contributions
from the religious right .
Now , much of the money is still being doled
out to faith - based organizations and crisis pregnancy centers , the latter
often stating as their sole purpose the convincing of pregnant women ,
including ten and twelve year - olds and their families , that having an
abortion will mean a lifetime of regret .
Unbelievable as it may sound ,
there is no federal law mandating or supervising the medical or scientific
accuracy of information taught in schools or given out in tax - exempt
pregnancy centers , a loophole used to tell young people that condoms
do n’t work , homosexuality is never part of normal human behavior and
sexuality is the one academic subject in which students will be rewarded
for lack of knowledge .
In fact , abstinence - only sex
education is so damaging that 25 governors , Republicans and Democrats ,
have refused abstinence - only funds .
Rising rates of sexually transmitted
infections , unwanted teen births and an increased need for abortion
have dramatized the lack of efficacy and danger of such programs .
And
last year , the Journal of Adolescent Health published its opinion that
abstinence - only funding may constitute a human rights violation .
The huge majority of Americans
agree .
Eighty - eight percent think teens should receive information about condoms and
contraception as well as abstinence in the classroom .
Yet , no moves
have been made in Washington to make good on these convictions .
If President Obama and Democratic
leaders were to fulfill their own promises it could only be a financial
win .
The public costs associated with teen pregnancy alone total more
than nine billion dollars a year , with additional costs of treating
sexually transmitted infections .
Economic impact statements have shown
that every dollar spent on comprehensive sex education would be one
of the few good investments these days .
Failing to eliminate all funding
for abstinence - only programs would be a setback for human rights and
tempt a suit for taxpayer fraud .
President Obama and Speaker
Pelosi , if you have to throw a bone to the right wing , let it not be
the bones of the youth who elected you .
The young people who so overwhelmingly
voted for change – partly on the promise of comprehensive sex education
– are certainly not asking for a bailout .
We just want the facts that
can save our lives .
Blu - Ray has steadily been gaining momentum with the constant release of blockbuster titles and the decreasing costs of both players and discs .
A constant complaint has been the lack of certain catalogue releases .
And Paramount has been listening carefully .
The former HD - DVD defector has published release dates for the Blu-ray versions of Forrest Gump , Gladiator , and Braveheart , arguably three of the biggest movies in recent history .
And they are definitely some of Paramount ’s crown jewels .
Braveheart and Gladiator will be released on September 1st , while Forrest Gump will get the blu treatment on November 3rd .
Admit it , you ’re just excited as I am .
Details of the titles are below :
Gladiator Blu-ray Details
The Blu-ray presentation will include both the original theatrical version of the film as well as the extended version in 1080 p High Definition with English 5.1 DTS - HD Master Audio , French 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital , as well as English , English SDH , French , Spanish and Korean subtitles .
The two - disc set also will feature over four hours of bonus material including , but not limited to , the following : Audio Commentary :
Two separate commentaries accompany the original theatrical version and extended version of the film .
Two separate commentaries accompany the original theatrical version and extended version of the film .
The Scrolls of Knowledge :
The original trivia track has been newly enhanced with focus points allowing viewers to access a series of new behind - the - scenes featurettes exploring key scenes and how they relate to the historical accuracy depicted in the film .
The extended version of the film also includes a deleted scene marker .
The original trivia track has been newly enhanced with focus points allowing viewers to access a series of new behind - the - scenes featurettes exploring key scenes and how they relate to the historical accuracy depicted in the film .
The extended version of the film also includes a deleted scene marker .
Visions From Elysium : Topic Marker : Viewers can tag moments of interest throughout either version of the film , allowing them to create “ shopping lists ” of topics to learn more about .
Thanks to the Blu-ray player ’s memory , the topics will automatically be loaded when Disc 2 is inserted , giving viewers immediate access to featurettes and galleries of interest .
Viewers can tag moments of interest throughout either version of the film , allowing them to create “ shopping lists ” of topics to learn more about .
Thanks to the Blu-ray player ’s memory , the topics will automatically be loaded when Disc 2 is inserted , giving viewers immediate access to featurettes and galleries of interest .
Strength and Honor : Creating The World of Gladiator :
The definitive documentary on the origin , production and impact of the Oscar ( R ) - winning classic .
The documentary includes an all - new Enhanced Viewing Mode allowing viewers access to additional interviews and behind - the - scenes material .
Creating The World of Gladiator :
The definitive documentary on the origin , production and impact of the Oscar ( R ) - winning classic .
The documentary includes an all - new Enhanced Viewing Mode allowing viewers access to additional interviews and behind - the - scenes material .
The Making of Gladiator : HBO First Look special .
HBO First Look special .
Gladiator Games : The Roman Bloodsport : Learning Channel special .
Learning Channel special .
Hans Zimmer : Scoring Gladiator :
An exploration of the rousing soundtrack .
An exploration of the rousing soundtrack .
My Gladiator Journal : Personal diary of the young actor who played Lucius .
Personal diary of the young actor who played Lucius .
Image & Design : Featurettes and galleries covering the production design , storyboards , costumes and more .
Featurettes and galleries covering the production design , storyboards , costumes and more .
Abandoned Sequences & Deleted Scenes
VFX Explorations : Germania & Rome :
Shot deconstruction with the visual effects artists .
Braveheart Blu-ray Details
The film will be presented in 1080 p High Definition with English 5.1 Dolby TrueHD , French 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital and English , English SDH , French and Spanish subtitles .
Among the more than two hours of new special features to be included on Braveheart are : Interactive Timelines :
Three distinct timelines featuring a combination of video , images , text and audio that can be accessed linearly or randomly .
Production : A comprehensive chronology of the motion picture from conception through theatrical release , from a behind - the - scenes point of view .
Historical : Chronological modules feature Scotland ’s greatest patriot , along with historical places , figures and events surrounding his life and struggle .
Fiction : A comprehensive timeline identifying the chronological events of the film .
Three distinct timelines featuring a combination of video , images , text and audio that can be accessed linearly or randomly .
Braveheart : A Look Back : Features new interviews with members of the cast and crew reminiscing about their experiences making the film and its enduring impact on cinema .
Features new interviews with members of the cast and crew reminiscing about their experiences making the film and its enduring impact on cinema .
Smithfield : Medieval Killing Fields : Relates the remarkable history of Smithfield , which for centuries was regularly filled with the roars of crowds , regal fanfares and rowdy games .
Smithfield is also known as the site of William Wallace ’s execution , along with other terrifying spectacles when heretics , rebels and criminals were put to death .
Relates the remarkable history of Smithfield , which for centuries was regularly filled with the roars of crowds , regal fanfares and rowdy games .
Smithfield is also known as the site of William Wallace ’s execution , along with other terrifying spectacles when heretics , rebels and criminals were put to death .
Battlefields of the Scottish Rebellion : Two major Scottish battlefields , Falkirk and Bannockburn , will be presented as 3D models that can be explored for further investigation into the military strategies and timetables employed in each .
Topography , weapons , troop movements , and leadership data can also be accessed .
An alternate playing mode will allow the story of each battle to unfold in an “ automated ” fashion , much like the interactive dioramas displayed at historical site museums around the world .
Forrest Gump
Celebrating its 15th anniversary in 2009 , ‘ Forrest Gump ’ will feature new material including a brand new roundtable discussion .
More details will follow later in the year .
[ Source ]
Post by Email
Have you ever wanted to fire off a post from your phone , Blackberry , Outlook at work … ?
Following on from Comment Reply Via Email we ’re introducing our latest feature to make it even easier to publish to your blog : Post by Email .
Maybe you ’re on holiday and want to show your journey .
Maybe you ’ve captured something with your cell phone that you just have to share .
Maybe you ’re at work and should be doing something else .
With Post by Email you can keep everyone up - to - date without even opening a browser .
Post by Email is super simple to use .
From the new My Blogs menu you can generate special email addresses :
You can create as many email addresses as you need , one for each blog you have access to .
Now for the fun part – send an email !
You can send email from any email client , whether in a browser , on your desktop , or from your cell phone , and as much formatting will be retained as possible .
Attachments are not left out , and your images will be included and automatically converted into thumbnails .
If you include multiple images they ’ll be converted into an attractive gallery .
Now you can take photos anywhere and have them appear on your blog in moments .
If you ’ve purchased the Space Upgrade then MP3 attachments will be displayed using our audio player .
If you ’ve purchased the VideoPress upgrade then you can also include videos .
There really is no easier way to get media onto your blog .
If this has n’t whetted your appetite , here ’s a quick run-down of Post by Email features :
Transcoding of any video files supported by the WordPress video player ( mp4 , mov , wmv , avi , mpg , and m4v ) .
Automatic removal of standard signature blocks , with support for manual removal of other signatures .
Add your email addresses directly into your address book using downloadable vCards .
( You do n’t even need to remember the address ! )
Automatic notification of a published email post .
Conversion of YouTube URLs into embedded videos .
For advanced users wanting that little bit extra , full control of your post is possible through special shortcodes , with details provided on the Post by Email support page .
It ’s time to start emailing again !
Driving north on the scenic highway 101 from San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge , the terraced vineyards of Sonoma County give way to rocky foothills growing an open secret .
Hidden among the rising slopes are groves of cannabis plants , a pillar of the local economy in this area known as the Emerald Triangle .
Marijuana has become an accepted part of the culture in the rural , sparsely populated region that spans the three counties of Mendocino , Humboldt and Trinity .
" The parks and the forest lands , they 're just inundated with it , " said Lieutenant Rusty Noe of the Mendocino County sheriff 's office .
Local officials say pot accounts for as much as half of the regional economy in an area still reeling from the decades - long decline in the timber industry .
In addition to marijuana sales , pot growing supports everything from garden supply stores to makers of plastic pipe .
Mendocino County Agricultural Commissioner Tony Linegar calls marijuana " a significant part of the economy - the businesses that are succeeding are the ones that are supplying this industry . "
A sociology course this semester at Humboldt State University is focusing on " the growth of the marijuana economy , " and a Ukiah clinic that prescribes medical marijuana sits next door to recruiting offices for the U.S. Air Force and the Marines .
Pot smokers brazenly light up joints on the steps of the Mendocino County courthouse , and pot plants in residents ' gardens peek over schoolyard fences .
" The police say , and I quote , ' Do it where I can't see it or smell it , ' " said 39 - year - old Just , who is known by that single name .
Sheriffs in the Emerald Triangle concentrate on large - scale growing operations , many of which are in state and national parks .
Noe said his office tries not to hassle individuals who have a medical marijuana card , but will not tolerate growers who try to make a profit by cultivating far more than they need for medical purposes .
Medical marijuana use already is legal throughout California , and the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a move by two counties to bar patients from using the drug for medical purposes .
Now politicians are considering whether to take the next major step and decriminalize the drug altogether .
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said recently the time is right for a debate on legalization , though he remains opposed to such a move .
State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano has introduced a bill that would make California the first U.S. state to treat marijuana the same as alcohol .
His proposal would make the use or sale of marijuana legal to anyone 21 or older .
Ammiano points to a recent poll showing 56 percent of Californians favor legalizing and taxing marijuana .
His bill would impose hefty taxes on marijuana sales that state officials estimate would bring US $ 1.3 billion annually to financially stressed California .
" With the state in the midst of an historic economic crisis , the move toward regulating and taxing marijuana is simply common sense , " he said .
" California has the opportunity to be the first state in the nation to enact a smart , responsible public policy for the control and regulation of marijuana . "
California became the first U.S. state to allow the sale and use of marijuana for medical purposes in 1996 when voters passed Proposition 215 .
There are about 200,000 licensed medical marijuana users in the state .
During the administration of former president George W. Bush , federal authorities routinely raided California medical marijuana dispensaries .
Though it remains illegal to grow , buy , sell or possess marijuana under federal law , the administration of President Barack Obama said earlier this year it would not target California dispensaries .
Many law enforcement officials oppose such a change , and are against legalization .
The California Police Chiefs Association released a report in April that said marijuana dispensaries are illegal under federal law " and should not be permitted to exist . "
The group said such dispensaries invite more crime and " compromise the health and welfare of law - abiding citizens . "
But with state and local budgets facing huge deficits , many officials see marijuana as part of the solution .
The value of California 's marijuana crop has been estimated by legalization supporters to be as high as US $ 14 billion annually .
Even if the actual value is only half that amount , it still would nearly equal the state 's top cash crop and be double that of grapes , valued at US $ 3 billion a year .
The state already collects US $ 18 million a year in sales tax on medical marijuana .
In Ukiah , a recent legalization rally drew only about a dozen supporters .
Though some legalization advocates think marijuana could do for the Emerald Triangle what wine has done for the Napa Valley , many growers want to avoid taxes or government regulation .
" I would be happy if the public acceptance level that came with legalization were there , " said Just , who moved from Missouri to Northern California in large part because of its marijuana culture .
Today is May Day , and while International Workers ’ Day ( Labour Day in the UK ) , means little in the USA , its a big holiday in Europe .
Banks and markets are closed on the continent , ( England celebrates on Monday ) .
Speaking with Mike Panzner this morning ( his clients are mostly Europeans ) made me think about this :
Which region is the true Socialist state ?
- Europe has cradle to grave health care plans , generous unemployment benefits , and free or subsidized college costs .
- The US gives away public assets ( oil , gas , mineral rights ) for pennies on the dollar , has huge subsidies and tax breaks , and bails out reckless speculators .
It turns out that both regions are welfare states — only in Europe , the natural population ( i.e. , people ) is the recipient , while in the US , the corporate population is the beneficiary .
Food for thought . . .
" I oppose H.R. 2454 , the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 .
The reason is simple .
It wo n't address the problem .
In fact , it might make the problem worse .
" It sets targets that are too weak , especially in the short term , and sets about meeting those targets through Enron - style accounting methods .
It gives new life to one of the primary sources of the problem that should be on its way out " " coal " " by giving it record subsidies .
And it is rounded out with massive corporate giveaways at taxpayer expense .
There is $ 60 billion for a single technology which may or may not work , but which enables coal power plants to keep warming the planet at least another 20 years .
" Worse , the bill locks us into a framework that will fail .
Science tells us that immediately is not soon enough to begin repairing the planet .
Waiting another decade or more will virtually guarantee catastrophic levels of warming .
But the bill does not require any greenhouse gas reductions beyond current levels until 2030 .
" Today 's bill is a fragile compromise , which leads some to claim that we can not do better .
I respectfully submit that not only can we do better ; we have no choice but to do better .
Indeed , if we pass a bill that only creates the illusion of addressing the problem , we walk away with only an illusion .
The price for that illusion is the opportunity to take substantive action .
" There are several aspects of the bill that are problematic .
1. Overall targets are too weak .
The bill is predicated on a target atmospheric concentration of 450 parts per million , a target that is arguably justified in the latest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , but which is already out of date .
Recent science suggests 350 parts per million is necessary to help us avoid the worst effects of global warming .
2 . The offsets undercut the emission reductions .
Offsets allow polluters to keep polluting ; they are rife with fraudulent claims of emissions reduction ; they create environmental , social , and economic unintended adverse consequences ; and they codify and endorse the idea that polluters do not have to make sacrifices to solve the problem .
3 . It kicks the can down the road .
By requiring the bulk of the emissions to be carried out in the long term and requiring few reductions in the short term , we are not only failing to take the action when it is needed to address rapid global warming , but we are assuming the long term targets will remain intact .
4. EPA 's authority to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the short - to medium - term is rescinded .
It is our best defense against a new generation of coal power plants .
There is no room for coal as a major energy source in a future with a stable climate .
5 . Nuclear power is given a lifeline instead of phasing it out .
Nuclear power is far more expensive , has major safety issues including a near release in my own home state in 2002 , and there is still no resolution to the waste problem .
A recent study by Dr. Mark Cooper showed that it would cost $ 1.9 trillion to $ 4.1 trillion more over the life of 100 new nuclear reactors than to generate the same amount of electricity from energy efficiency and renewables .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Though most of the following texts , translated from the Discourses of the Buddha and the commentaries , are addressed to monks , they are likewise valid for those living the worldly life .
As the Old Masters say : " The monk ( bhikkhu ) is mentioned here as an example of those dedicated to the practice of the Teaching .
Whosoever undertakes that practice is here included in the term ' monk . ' "
Hence the reward of the fight against the hindrances is not only the limited one of making possible a shorter or longer spell of meditation , but every step in weakening these hindrances takes us nearer to the stages of sanctity where deliverance from these hindrances is unshakable .
By the " worldling " ( puthujjana ) , [ 2 ] however , only a temporary suspension and partial weakening of the hindrances can be attained .
Their final and complete eradication takes place on the stages of sanctity ( ariyamagga ) :
One who earnestly aspires to the unshakable deliverance of the mind should , therefore , select a definite " working - ground " of a direct and practical import : a kammatthana [ 1 ] in its widest sense , on which the structure of his entire life should be based .
Holding fast to that " working - ground , " never losing sight of it for long , even this alone will be a considerable and encouraging progress in the control and development of the mind , because in that way the directive and purposive energies of mind will be strengthened considerably .
One who has chosen the conquest of the five hindrances for a " working - ground " should examine which of the five are strongest in one 's personal case .
Then one should carefully observe how , and on which occasions , they usually appear .
One should further know the positive forces within one 's own mind by which each of these hindrances can best be countered and , finally , conquered ; and one should also examine one 's life for any opportunity of developing these qualities which , in the following pages , have been indicated under the headings of the spiritual faculties ( indriya ) , the factors of absorption ( jhananga ) , and the factors of enlightenment ( bojjhanga ) .
In some cases , subjects of meditation have been added which will be helpful in overcoming the respective hindrances .
This widespread harmful influence of the five hindrances shows the urgent necessity of breaking down their power by constant effort .
One should not believe it sufficient to turn one 's attention to the hindrances only at the moment when one sits down for meditation .
Such last - minute effort in suppressing the hindrances will rarely be successful unless helped by previous endeavor during one 's ordinary life .
Not only the meditative absorptions but also lesser degrees of mental concentration are impeded by these five hindrances .
So is the " neighborhood " ( or " access " ) concentration ( upacarasamadhi ) , being the preliminary stage for the fully absorbed concentration ( appana ) reached in jhana .
Likewise excluded by the presence of the hindrances is the momentary concentration ( khanikasamadhi ) which has the strength of neighborhood concentration and is required for mature insight ( vipassana ) .
But apart from these higher stages of mental development , any earnest attempt at clear thinking and pure living will be seriously affected by the presence of these five hindrances .
There are five mental constituents which are chiefly representative of the first meditative absorption , and are therefore called the factors of absorption ( jhananga ) .
For each of these there is , according to Buddhist commentarial tradition , one of the five hindrances that is specifically harmful for it and excludes its higher development and refinement to the degree required for jhana ; and on the other hand , the cultivation of these five factors beyond their average level will be an antidote against the hindrances , preparing the road to jhana .
The relationship between these two groups of five is indicated in this anthology , under the heading of the respective hindrance .
They are called " hindrances " because they hinder and envelop the mind in many ways , obstructing its development ( bhavana ) .
According to the Buddhist teachings , spiritual development is twofold : through tranquillity ( samatha - bhavana ) and through insight ( vipassana - bhavana ) .
Tranquillity is gained by complete concentration of the mind during the meditative absorptions ( jhana ) .
For achieving these absorptions , the overcoming of the five hindrances , at least temporarily , is a preliminary condition .
It is especially in the context of achieving the absorptions that the Buddha often mentions the five hindrances in his discourses .
Many are the obstacles which block the road to spiritual progress , but there are five in particular which , under the name of hindrances ( nivarana ) , are often mentioned in the Buddhist scriptures :
Unshakable deliverance of the mind is the highest goal in the Buddha 's doctrine .
Here , deliverance means : the freeing of the mind from all limitations , fetters , and bonds that tie it to the Wheel of Suffering , to the Circle of Rebirth .
It means : the cleansing of the mind of all defilements that mar its purity ; the removing of all obstacles that bar its progress from the mundane ( lokiya ) to the supramundane consciousness ( lokuttara - citta ) , that is , to Arahatship .
If there is a pot of water which is turbid , stirred up and muddy , and this pot is put into a dark place , then a man with a normal faculty of sight could not properly recognize and see the image of his own face .
In the same way , when one 's mind is possessed by doubt , overpowered by doubt , then one cannot properly see the escape from doubt which has arisen ; then one does not properly understand one 's own welfare , nor that of another , nor that of both ; and also texts memorized a long time ago do not come into one 's mind , not to speak of those not memorized .
Of the six things conducive to the abandonment of doubt , the first three and the last two are identical with those given for restlessness and remorse .
The fourth is as follows :
There are things which are wholesome or unwholesome , blameless or blameworthy , noble or low , and ( other ) contrasts of dark and bright ; frequently giving wise attention to them — that is the denourishing of the arising of doubt that has not yet arisen , and of the increase and strengthening of doubt that has already arisen .
There are things causing doubt ; frequently giving unwise attention to them — that is the nourishment for the arising of doubt that has not yet arisen , and for the increase and strengthening of doubt that has already arisen .
If there is water in a pot , stirred by the wind , agitated , swaying and producing waves , a man with a normal faculty of sight could not properly recognize and see the image of his own face .
In the same way , when one 's mind is possessed by restlessness and remorse , overpowered by restlessness and remorse , one cannot properly see the escape from restlessness and remorse that have arisen ; then one does not properly understand one 's own welfare , nor that of another , nor that of both ; and also texts memorized a long time ago do not come into one 's mind , not to speak of those not memorized .
When the mind is restless , it is the proper time for cultivating the following factors of enlightenment : tranquillity , concentration and equanimity , because an agitated mind can easily be quietened by them .
When the mind is restless it is not the proper time for cultivating the following factors of enlightenment : investigation of the doctrine , energy and rapture , because an agitated mind can hardly be quietened by them .
There is quietude of mind ; frequently giving wise attention to it — that is the denourishing of the arising of restlessness and remorse that have not yet arisen , and of the increase and strengthening of restlessness and remorse that have already arisen .
There is unrest of mind ; frequently giving unwise attention to it — that is the nourishment for the arising of restlessness and remorse that have not yet arisen , and for the increase and strengthening of restlessness and remorse that have already arisen .
If there is a pot of water , covered with moss and water plants , then a man with a normal faculty of sight looking into it could not properly recognize and see the image of his own face .
In the same way , when one 's mind is possessed by sloth and torpor , overpowered by sloth and torpor , one cannot properly see the escape from sloth and torpor that have arisen ; then one does not properly understand one 's own welfare , nor that of another , nor that of both ; and also texts memorized a long time ago do not come into one 's mind , not to speak of those not memorized .
When the mind is sluggish , it is the proper time for cultivating the following factors of enlightenment : investigation of reality , energy and rapture , because a sluggish mind can easily be aroused by them .
When the mind is sluggish , it is not the proper time for cultivating the following factors of enlightenment : tranquillity , concentration and equanimity , because a sluggish mind can hardly be aroused by them .
(5) And further , monks , a monk reflects thus : " Now the Congregation of Monks lives in concord and amity , without quarrel , lives happily under one teaching .
But a time will come when there will be a split in the Congregation .
And when the Congregation is split , one cannot easily contemplate upon the Teachings of the Buddha ; it is not easy to live in the wilderness or a forest or jungle , or in secluded dwellings .
Before this undesirable condition , so unpleasant and disagreeable , approaches me , prior to that , let me muster my energy for achieving the unachieved , for attaining the unattained , for realizing the unrealized , so that , in the possession of that state , I shall live happily even when the Congregation is split . " [ 3 ]
(4) And further , monks , a monk reflects thus : " Now people live in concord and amity , in friendly fellowship as mingled milk and water and look at each other with friendly eyes .
But there will come a time of danger , of unrest among the jungle tribes when the country people mount their carts and drive away and fear - stricken people move to a place of safety , and there habitations will be thronged and crowded .
But in habitations thronged and crowded one cannot easily contemplate upon the Teachings of the Buddha .
Before this undesirable condition , so unpleasant and disagreeable , approaches me , prior to that , let me muster my energy for achieving the unachieved , for attaining the unattained , for realizing the unrealized , so that , in the possession of that state , I shall live happily even in time of danger . "
(3) And further , monks , a monk reflects thus : " Now there is an abundance of food , good harvests , easily obtainable is a meal of alms , it is easy to live on collected food and offerings .
But a time will come when there will be a famine , a bad harvest , difficult to obtain will be a meal of alms , it will be difficult to live on collected food and offerings .
And in a famine people migrate to places where food is ample , and there habitations will be thronged and crowded .
But in habitations thronged and crowded one cannot easily contemplate upon the Teachings of the Buddha .
Before this undesirable condition , so unpleasant and disagreeable , approaches me , prior to that , let me muster my energy for achieving the unachieved , for attaining the unattained , for realizing the unrealized , so that , in the possession of that state , I shall live happily even in a famine . "
(2) And further , monks , a monk reflects thus : " I am now free from sickness , free from disease , my digestive power functions smoothly , my constitution is not too cool and not too hot , it is balanced and fit for making effort .
But a time will come when this body will be in the grip of sickness .
And one who is sick cannot easily contemplate upon the Teachings of the Buddha ; it is not easy for him , to live in the wilderness or a forest or jungle , or in secluded dwellings .
Before this undesirable condition , so unpleasant and disagreeable , approaches me , prior to that , let me muster my energy for achieving the unachieved , for attaining the unattained , for realizing the unrealized , so that , in the possession of that state , I shall live happily even in sickness . "
(1) Here , monks , a monk reflects thus : " I am now young , a youth , young in age , black - haired , in the prime of youth , in the first phase of life .
But a time will come when this body will be in the grip of old age .
But one who is overpowered by old age cannot easily contemplate on the Teachings of the Buddha ; it is not easy for him to live in the wilderness or a forest or jungle , or in secluded dwellings .
Before this undesirable condition , so unpleasant and disagreeable , approaches me , prior to that , let me muster my energy for achieving the unachieved , for attaining the unattained , for realizing the unrealized , so that , in the possession of that state , I shall live happily even in old age . "
If , monks , a monk perceives these five threatening dangers , it is enough for him to live heedful , zealous , with a heart resolute to achieve the unachieved , to attain the unattained , to realize the unrealized .
Which are these five dangers ?
(8) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you may lie down on your right side , taking up the lion 's posture , covering foot with foot — mindful , clearly conscious , keeping in mind the thought of rising .
Having awakened again , you should quickly rise , thinking : ' I wo n't indulge in the enjoyment of lying down and reclining , in the enjoyment of sleep !'
(7) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you should , conscious of that which is before and behind , walk up and down , with your senses turned inwards , with your mind not going outwards .
Then it is possible ...
(6) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you should firmly establish the ( inner ) perception of light : as it is by day , so also by night ; as it is by night , so also by day .
Thus with a mind clear and unobstructed , you should develop a consciousness which is full of brightness .
Then it is possible ...
(5) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you should get up from your seat , and after washing your eyes with water , you should look around in all directions and look upwards to the stars in the sky .
Then it is possible ...
(4) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you should shake your ears , and rub your limbs with the palm of your hand .
Then it is possible ...
(3) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you should learn by heart the Dhamma in its fullness , as you have heard and learned it .
Then it is possible ...
(2) " But if , by so doing , that torpor does not disappear , you should think and reflect within your mind about the Dhamma as you have heard and learned it , and you should mentally review it .
Then it is possible that , by so doing , torpor will disappear .
(1) " Well then , Moggallana , at whatever thought torpor has befallen you , to that thought you should not give attention , you should not dwell on it frequently .
Then it is possible that , by so doing , torpor will disappear .
How does one stimulate the mind at a time when it needs stimulation ?
If due to slowness in the application of wisdom or due to non-attainment of the happiness of tranquillity , one 's mind is dull , then one should rouse it through reflecting on the eight stirring objects .
These eight are : birth , decay , disease and death ; the suffering in the worlds of misery ; the suffering of the past rooted in the round of existence ; the suffering of the future rooted in the round of existence ; the suffering of the present rooted in the search for food .
" I have to take possession of the Great Heritage , called the Good Dhamma .
But one who is indolent cannot take possession of it . "
" Full application of energy was praised by my Master , and he is unsurpassed in his injunctions and a great help to us .
He is honored by practicing his Dhamma , not otherwise . "
" I have to tread that path which the Buddhas , the Paccekabuddhas and the Great Disciples have gone ; but by an indolent person that path cannot be trodden . "
In a monk who is accustomed to see the suffering in impermanence and who is frequently engaged in this contemplation , there will be established in him such a keen sense of the danger of laziness , idleness , lassitude , indolence and thoughtlessness , as if he were threatened by a murderer with drawn sword .
" May nothing remain but skin and sinews and bones ; may flesh and blood dry up in the body !
Not before having achieved what can be achieved by manly strength , manly energy , manly exertion shall my energy subside ! "
There is the element of rousing one 's energy , the element of exertion , the element of continuous exertion ; frequently giving wise attention to it — this is the denourishing of the arising of sloth and torpor that have not yet arisen and of the increase and strengthening of sloth and torpor that have already arisen .
There arises listlessness , lassitude , lazy stretching of the body , drowsiness after meals , mental sluggishness ; frequently giving unwise attention to it — this is the nourishment for the arising of sloth and torpor that have not yet arisen and for the increase and strengthening of sloth and torpor that have already arisen .
If there is a pot of water heated on the fire , the water seething and boiling , a man with a normal faculty of sight , looking into it , could not properly recognize and see the image of his own face .
In the same way , when one 's mind is possessed by ill - will , overpowered by ill - will , one cannot properly see the escape from the ill - will which has arisen ; then one does not properly understand and see one 's own welfare , nor that of another , nor that of both ; and also texts memorized a long time ago do not come into one 's mind , not to speak of those not memorized .
Thus one should consider : " Being angry with another person , what can you do to him ?
Can you destroy his virtue and his other good qualities ?
Have you not come to your present state by your own actions , and will also go hence according to your own actions ?
Anger towards another is just as if someone wishing to hit another person takes hold of glowing coals , or a heated iron - rod , or of excrement .
And , in the same way , if the other person is angry with you , what can he do to you ?
Can he destroy your virtue and your other good qualities ?
He too has come to his present state by his own actions and will go hence according to his own actions .
Like an unaccepted gift or like a handful of dirt thrown against the wind , his anger will fall back on his own head . "
There is the liberation of the heart by loving - kindness ; frequently giving wise attention to it — this is the denourishing of the arising of ill - will that has not yet arisen , and the decrease and weakening of ill - will that has already arisen .
There are objects causing aversion ; frequently giving unwise attention to them — this is the nourishment for the arising of ill - will that has not yet arisen , and for the increase and strengthening of ill - will that has already arisen .
If there is water in a pot mixed with red , yellow , blue or orange color , a man with a normal faculty of sight , looking into it , could not properly recognize and see the image of his own face .
In the same way , when one 's mind is possessed by sensual desire , overpowered by sensual desire , one cannot properly see the escape from sensual desire which has arisen ; then one does not properly understand and see one 's own welfare , nor that of another , nor that of both ; and also texts memorized a long time ago do not come into one 's mind , not to speak of those not memorized .
But talk about austere life , talk suitable for the unfolding of the mind , talk which is conducive to complete detachment , to freedom from passion , to cessation , tranquillity , higher knowledge , enlightenment and to Nibbana , namely , talk about a life of frugality , about contentedness , solitude , aloofness from society , about rousing one 's energy , talk about virtue , concentration , wisdom , deliverance , about the vision and knowledge of deliverance — such talk I shall entertain . "
Thus he is clearly conscious about it .
If the mind of a monk is bent on speaking , he ( should remember this ) : " Talk which is low , coarse , worldly , not noble , not salutary , not leading to detachment , not to freedom from passion , not to cessation , not to tranquillity , not to higher knowledge , not to enlightenment , not to Nibbana , namely , talk about kings , robbers and ministers , talk about armies , dangers and war , about food and drink , clothes , couches , garlands , perfumes , relatives , cars , villages , towns , cities , and provinces , about women and wine , gossip of the street and of the well , talk about the ancestors , about various trifles , tales about the origin of the world and the ocean , talk about what happened and what did not happen — such and similar talk I shall not entertain . "
Thus he is clearly conscious about it .
Reference is here in particular to conversation about the overcoming of sensual desire , especially about meditating on impurity .
But it applies also to every conversation which is suitable to advance one 's progress on the path .
With due alterations this explanation holds true also for the other hindrances .
The entire holy life , Ananda , is noble friendship , noble companionship , noble association .
Of a monk , Ananda , who has a noble friend , a noble companion , a noble associate , it is to be expected that he will cultivate and practice the Noble Eightfold Path .
Reference is here , in particular , to such friends who have experience and can be a model and help in overcoming sensual desire , especially in meditating on impurity .
But it applies also to noble friendship in general .
The same twofold explanation holds true also for the other hindrances , with due alterations .
How is he moderate in eating ?
Herein a monk takes his food after wise consideration : not for the purpose of enjoyment , of pride , of beautifying the body or adorning it ( with muscles ) ; but only for the sake of maintaining and sustaining this body , to avoid harm and to support the holy life , thinking : " Thus I shall destroy the old painful feeling and shall not let a new one rise .
Long life will be mine , blamelessness and well - being . "
There are forms perceptible by the eye , which are desirable , lovely , pleasing , agreeable , associated with desire , arousing lust .
If the monk does not delight in them , is not attached to them , does not welcome them , then in him thus not delighting in them , not being attached to them and not welcoming them , delight ( in these forms ) ceases ; if delight is absent , there is no bondage .
There are sounds perceptible by the ear ... odors perceptible by the mind ... if delight is absent , there is no bondage .
How does one guard the sense doors ?
Herein , a monk , having seen a form , does not seize upon its ( delusive ) appearance as a whole , nor on its details .
If his sense of sight were uncontrolled , covetousness , grief and other evil , unwholesome states would flow into him .
Therefore he practices for the sake of its control , he watches over the sense of sight , he enters upon its control .
Having heard a sound ... smelt an odor ... tasted a taste ... felt a touch ... cognized a mental object , he does not seize upon its ( delusive ) appearance as a whole ... he enters upon its control .
The unpleasant overwhelms a thoughtless man in the guise of the pleasant , the disagreeable overwhelms him in the guise of the agreeable , the painful in the guise of pleasure .
By bones and sinews knit , With flesh and tissue smeared , And hidden by the skin , the body Does not appear as it really is ...
The fool thinks it beautiful , His ignorance misguiding him ...
Herein , monks , a monk reflects on just this body , confined within the skin and full of manifold impurities from the soles upward and from the top of the hair down : " There is in this body : hair of the head , hair of the body , nails , teeth , skin , flesh , sinews , bones , marrow , kidneys , heart , liver , pleura , spleen , lungs , intestines , bowels , stomach , excrement , bile , phlegm , pus , blood , sweat , fat , tears , lymph , saliva , mucus , fluid of the joints , urine ( and the brain in the skull ) . "
" Impure object " refers , in particular , to the cemetery meditations as given in the Satipatthana Sutta and explained in the Visuddhimagga ; but it refers also to the repulsive aspects of sense objects in general .
In him who is devoted to the meditation about impure objects , repulsion towards beautiful objects is firmly established .
This is the result .
There are impure objects ( used for meditation ) ; frequently giving wise attention to them — this is the denourishing of the arising of sensual desire that has not yet arisen , and the denourishing of the increase and strengthening of sensual desire that has already arisen .
There are beautiful objects ; frequently giving unwise attention to them — this is the nourishment for the arising of sensual desire that has not arisen , and the nourishment for the increase and strengthening of sensual desire that has already arisen .
Just as , monks , this body lives on nourishment , lives dependent on nourishment , does not live without nourishment — in the same way , monks , the five hindrances live on nourishment , depend on nourishment , do not live without nourishment .
To note mindfully , and immediately , the arising of one of the hindrances , as recommended in the preceding text , is a simple but very effective method of countering these and any other defilements of the mind .
By doing so , a brake is applied against the uninhibited continuance of unwholesome thoughts , and the watchfulness of mind against their recurrence is strengthened .
This method is based on a simple psychological fact which is expressed by the commentators as follows : " A good and an evil thought cannot occur in combination .
Therefore , at the time of knowing the sense desire ( that arose in the preceding moment ) , that sense desire no longer exists ( but only the act of knowing ) . "
When sceptical doubt is present in him , the monk knows , " There is sceptical doubt in me , " or when sceptical doubt is absent he knows , " There is no sceptical doubt in me . "
He knows how the arising of non-arisen sceptical doubt comes to be ; he knows how the rejection of the arisen sceptical doubt comes to be ; and he knows how the non-arising in the future of the rejected sceptical doubt comes to be .
When restlessness and remorse are present in him , the monk knows , " There are restlessness and remorse in me , " or when agitation and remorse are absent he knows , " There are no restlessness and remorse in me . "
He knows how the arising of non-arisen restlessness and remorse comes to be ; he knows how the rejection of the arisen restlessness and remorse comes to be ; and he knows how the non-arising in the future of the rejected restlessness and remorse comes to be .
When sloth and torpor are present in him , the monk knows , " There is sloth and torpor in me , " or when sloth and torpor are absent he knows , " There is no sloth and torpor in me . "
He knows how the arising of non-arisen sloth and torpor comes to be ; he knows how the rejection of the arisen sloth and torpor comes to be ; and he knows how the non-arising in the future of the rejected sloth and torpor comes to be .
When ill - will is present in him , the monk knows , " There is ill - will in me , " or when ill - will is absent he knows , " There is no ill - will in me . "
He knows how the arising of non-arisen ill - will comes to be ; he knows how the rejection of the arisen ill - will comes to be ; and he knows how the non-arising in the future of the rejected ill - will comes to be .
Herein , monks , when sensual desire is present in him the monk knows , " There is sensual desire in me , " or when sensual desire is absent he knows , " There is no sensual desire in me . "
He knows how the arising of non-arisen sensual desire comes to be ; he knows how the rejection of the arisen sensual desire comes to be ; and he knows how the non-arising in the future of the rejected sensual desire comes to be .
But if the mind is freed of these five impurities , it will be pliant and wieldy , will have radiant lucidity and firmness , and will concentrate well upon the eradication of the taints .
Whatever state realizable by the higher mental faculties one may direct the mind to , one will in each case acquire the capacity of realization , if the ( other ) conditions are fulfilled .
Similarly , there are five impurities of the mind impaired by which the mind is not pliant and wieldy , lacks radiant lucidity and firmness , and cannot concentrate well upon the eradication of the taints ( asava ) .
What are these five impurities ?
They are : sensual desire , ill - will , sloth and torpor , restlessness and remorse , and sceptical doubt .
But if the gold has been freed from these five impurities , then it will be plaint and wieldy , radiant and firm , and can be wrought well .
Whatever ornaments one wishes to make from it , be it a diadem , earrings , a necklace or a golden chain , it will serve that purpose .
There are five impurities of gold impaired by which it is not pliant and wieldy , lacks radiance , is brittle and cannot be wrought well .
What are these five impurities ?
Iron , copper , tin , lead and silver .
But if a noble disciple has seen these five as defilements of the mind , he will give them up .
And doing so , he is regarded as one of great wisdom , of abundant wisdom , clear - visioned , well endowed with wisdom .
This is called " endowment with wisdom . "
One whose heart is overwhelmed by ill - will ... by sloth and torpor ... by restlessness and remorse ... by sceptical doubt will do what he should not do and neglect what he ought to do .
And through that , his good name and his happiness will come to ruin .
One whose heart is overwhelmed by unrestrained covetousness will do what he should not do and neglect what he ought to do .
And through that , his good name and his happiness will come to ruin .
But if a monk has overcome these five impediments and hindrances , these overgrowths of the mind that stultify insight , then it is possible that , with his strong insight , he can know his own true good , the good of others , and the good of both ; and he will be capable of realizing that superhuman state of distinctive achievement , the knowledge and vision enabling the attainment of sanctity .
Without having overcome these five , it is impossible for a monk whose insight thus lacks strength and power , to know his own true good , the good of others , and the good of both ; nor will he be capable of realizing that superhuman state of distinctive achievement , the knowledge and vision enabling the attainment of sanctity .
Sensual desire is an impediment and hindrance , an overgrowth of the mind that stultifies insight .
Ill - will ...
Sloth and torpor ...
Restlessness and remorse ...
Sceptical doubt are impediments and hindrances , overgrowths of the mind that stultify insight .
I. The Sutta ( Digha Nikaya No. 2 )
Being endowed with noble mindfulness and clear comprehension , and endowed with noble contentedness , the monk resorts to a lonely place : to a forest , the foot of a tree , a mountain , a cleft , a rock cave , a cemetery , a jungle , an open space , a heap of straw .
After the meal , having returned from the alms - round , he sits down , crosslegged , keeping his body erect and his mindfulness alert .
Having given up covetousness ( = sensual desire ) with regard to the world , he dwells with a heart free of covetousness , he cleanses his mind from covetousness .
Having given up the blemish of ill - will , he dwells without ill - will ; friendly and compassionate towards all living beings , he cleanses his mind from the blemish of ill - will .
Having given up sloth and torpor , he dwells free from sloth and torpor , in the perception of light ; mindful and clearly comprehending , he cleanses his mind from sloth and torpor .
Having given up restlessness and remorse , he dwells without restlessness ; his mind being calmed within , he cleanses it from restlessness and remorse .
Having given up sceptical doubt , he dwells as one who has passed beyond doubt ; being free from uncertainty about salutary things , he cleanses his mind from sceptical doubt .
Just as when a man taking a loan , engages in a trade , and his trade succeeds , he now not only disposes of his old debt but he has also , beyond that , a surplus for maintaining a wife .
And at that he rejoices , is glad at heart ...
Just as when a man is sick and in pain , suffering from a grave disease , his food does not agree with him , and he has no strength left in his body .
But some time later he recovers from that sickness ; he can again digest his food , and he regains his strength .
And at that he rejoices , is glad at heart ...
Just as when a man has been thrown into prison , but some time later he is released from prison ; he is safe and without fears , and he did not suffer any loss of property .
And at that he rejoices , is glad at heart ...
Just as when a man is a slave , not independent , but dependent on others , unable to go where he likes , but some time later he is set free from slavery , is now independent , no longer dependent on others , a freeman who can go where he wants .
And at that he rejoices , is glad at heart ...
Just as when a man , rich and prosperous , travels through a wilderness where there is no food and much danger , but some time later he has crossed the desert , and gradually reaches safely the vicinity of a village , a place of safety , free from danger .
And at that he rejoices , is glad at heart . :
Similarly , so long as these five hindrances are not abandoned in him , a monk considers himself as indebted , as ailing , as imprisoned , as enslaved , as traveling in a wilderness .
But when these five hindrances are abandoned , he considers himself as free from debt , rid of illness , emancipated from the prison 's bondage , as a free man , and as one arrived at a place of safety .
And when he sees himself free of these five hindrances , joy arises ; in him who is joyful , rapture arises ; in him whose mind is enraptured , the body is stilled ; the body being stilled , he feels happiness ; and a happy mind finds concentration .
Then detached from sensual desires , detached from unwholesome states , he enters into and dwells in the first absorption which is accompanied by applied thought and reflection , born of detachment , and filled with joy and rapture .
He enters into and dwells in the second ... third ... fourth absorption .
A. The Similes for the Hindrances
The text of the discourse says : " Similarly , so long as these five hindrances are not abandoned in him , a monk considers himself as indebted , as ailing , as imprisoned , as enslaved , as traveling in a wilderness . "
Hereby the Blessed One shows the unabandoned hindrance of sensual desire as similar to being in debt ; and the other hindrances as similar to being ill , and so on .
These similes should be understood as follows :
1. Sensual Desire
There is a man who has incurred a debt but has become ruined .
Now , if his creditors , when telling him to pay back the debt , speak roughly to him or harass and beat him , he is unable to retaliate but has to bear it all .
It is his debt that causes this forbearance .
In the same way , if a man is filled with sensual desire for a certain person , he will , full of craving for that object of his desire , be attached to it .
Even if spoken to roughly by that person , or harassed or beaten , he will bear it all .
It is his sensual desire that causes this forbearance .
In that way , sensual desire is like being in debt .
2. Ill - Will
If a man suffers from a bilious disease , and receives even honey and sugar , he will not enjoy its flavor , owing to his bile sickness ; he will just vomit it , complaining , " It is bitter , bitter ! "
In the same way , if one of angry temperament is admonished even slightly by his teacher or preceptor who wishes his best , he does not accept their advice .
Saying " You harass me too much ! " he will leave the Order , or go away and roam about .
Just as the bilious person does not enjoy the flavor of honey and sugar , so one who has the disease of anger will not enjoy the taste of the Buddha 's Dispensation consisting in the happiness of the meditative absorptions , etc .
In that way , ill - will resembles illness .
3. Sloth and Torpor
A person has been kept in jail during a festival day , and so could see neither the beginning nor the middle nor the end of the festivities .
If he is released on the following day , and hears people saying : " Oh , how delightful was yesterday 's festival !
Oh , those dances and songs ! " he will not give any reply .
And why not ?
Because he did not enjoy the festival himself .
Similarly , even if a very eloquent sermon on the Dhamma is going on , a monk overcome by sloth and torpor will not know the beginning , middle or end .
If after the sermon , he hears it praised : " How pleasant was it to listen to the Dhamma !
How interesting was the topic and how good the similes ! " he will not be able to say a word .
And why not ?
Because , owing to his sloth and torpor , he did not enjoy the sermon .
In that way , sloth and torpor are comparable to imprisonment .
4. Restlessness and Remorse
A slave who wants to enjoy himself at a festival is told by his master : " Go quickly to such and such a place !
There is urgent work to do .
If you do n't go , I shall have your hands and feet cut off , or your ears and nose ! "
Hearing that , the slave will quickly go as ordered , and will not be able to enjoy any part of the festival .
This is because of his dependence on others .
Similarly it is with a monk not well versed in the Vinaya ( the Disciplinary Code ) , who has gone to the forest for the sake of solitude .
If in any matter , down to the question of permissible meat ( Sub - Cy : e.g. , pork ) he gets the idea that it was not permissible ( taking it for bear 's flesh ) , he has to interrupt his solitude and , to purify his conduct , has to go to one skilled in the Vinaya .
Thus he will not be able to enjoy the happiness of solitude because of his being overcome by restlessness and remorse .
In that way , restlessness and remorse are like slavery .
5. Sceptical Doubt
A man traveling through a desert , aware that travelers may be plundered or killed by robbers , will , at the mere sound of a twig or a bird , become anxious and fearful , thinking : " The robbers have come ! "
He will go a few steps , and then out of fear , he will stop , and continue in such a manner all the way ; or he may even turn back .
Stopping more frequently than walking , only with toil and difficulty will he reach a place of safety , or he may not even reach it .
It is similar with one in whom doubt has arisen in regard to one of the eight objects of doubt .
[ 4 ]
Doubting whether the Master is an Enlightened One or not , he cannot accept it in confidence , as a matter of trust .
Unable to do so , he does not attain to the paths and fruits of sanctity .
Thus , as the traveler in the desert is uncertain whether robbers are there or not , he produces in his mind , again and again , a state of wavering and vacillation , a lack of decision , a state of anxiety ; and thus he creates in himself an obstacle for reaching the safe ground of sanctity ( ariya - bhumi ) .
In that way , sceptical doubt is like traveling in a desert .
B. The Abandonment of the Hindrances
The text of the Discourse says : " But when these five hindrances are abandoned , the monk considers himself as free from debt , rid of illness , emancipated from the prison 's bondage , as a free man , and as one arrived at a place of safety . "
1. The Abandonment of Sensual Desire
A man , having taken a loan , uses it for his business and comes to prosperity .
He thinks : " This debt is a cause of vexation . "
He returns the loan together with the interest , and has the promissory note torn up .
After that he neither sends a messenger nor a letter to his creditors ; and even if he meets them it depends on his wish whether he will get up from his seat to greet them , or not .
And why ?
He is no longer in debt to them or dependent of them .
Similarly a monk thinks : " Sensual desire is a cause of obstruction . "
He then cultivates the six things leading to its abandonment ( see p.9 ) , and removes the hindrance of sensual desire .
Just as one who has freed himself of debt no longer feels fear or anxiety when meeting his former creditors , so one who has given up sensual desire is no longer attached and bound to the object of his desire ; even if he sees divine forms , passions will not assail him .
Therefore the Blessed One compared the abandonment of sensual desire to freedom from debt .
2. The Abandonment of Ill - Will
Just as a person suffering from a bilious disease , having been cured by taking medicine , will regain his taste for honey and sugar , similarly a monk , thinking , " This ill - will causes much harm , " develops the six things leading to its abandonment and removes the hindrance of ill - will .
Just as the cured patient partaking of honey and sugar appreciates the taste , so also this monk receives with reverence the rules of training , and observes them with appreciation ( of their value ) .
Therefore the Blessed One compared the abandonment of ill - will to the recovery of health .
3. The Abandonment of Sloth and Torpor
There is a person that once had been in jail on a festival day .
But when freed and celebrating the festival on a later occasion , he will think : " Formerly , through the fault of my heedlessness , I was in prison on that day and could not enjoy this festival .
Now I shall be heedful . "
And he remains heedful of his conduct so that nothing detrimental finds entry into his mind .
Having enjoyed the festival , he exclaims : " Oh , what a beautiful festival it was ! "
Similarly a monk , perceiving that sloth and torpor do great harm , develops the six things opposed to them , and so removes the hindrance of sloth and torpor .
Just as the man freed from prison enjoys the whole length of the festival , even for seven days , so this monk who has given up sloth and torpor is capable of enjoying the beginning , the middle and the consummation of the Festival of the Dhamma ( dhamma - nakkhatta ) , and finally attains to Arahatship together with the fourfold discriminating knowledge ( patisambhida )
Therefore the Blessed One spoke of the abandonment of sloth and torpor as being comparable to release from imprisonment .
4. The Abandonment of Restlessness and Remorse
There is a slave who , with the help of a friend , pays money to his master , becomes a free man , and is henceforth able to do what he likes .
Similarly a monk , perceiving the great obstruction caused by restlessness and remorse , cultivates the six things opposed to them , and thus gives up restlessness and remorse .
And having given them up , he is like a truly free man , able to do as he wishes .
Just as no one can forcibly stop a free man from doing what he likes , so can restlessness and remorse no longer stop that monk from walking the happy path of renunciation ( sukhanekkhamma - patipada ) .
Therefore the Blessed One declared the abandonment of restlessness and remorse as being similar to winning freedom from slavery .
5 . The Abandonment of Sceptical Doubt
There is a strong man who , with his luggage in hand and well armed , travels through a wilderness in company .
If robbers see him even from afar , they will take flight .
Crossing safely the wilderness and reaching a place of safety , he will rejoice in his safe arrival .
Similarly a monk , seeing that sceptical doubt is a cause of great harm , cultivates the six things that are its antidote , and gives up doubt .
Just as that strong man , armed and in company , taking as little account of the robbers as of the grass on the ground , will safely come out of the wilderness to a safe place ; similarly a monk , having crossed the wilderness of evil conduct , will finally reach the state of highest security , the deathless realm of Nibbana .
Therefore the Blessed One compared the abandonment of sceptical doubt to reaching a place of safety .
By Murray Bourne , 15 Jun 2009
The Hubble Telescope [ Source ]
I came across this PowerPoint presentation about Hubble recently .
The opening statement has a few errors .
It says :
The Hubble Space Telescope is a robotic telescope located on the outer edge of the atmosphere , in circular orbit around the Earth at 593 km above sea level , with an orbital period between 96 and 97 minutes at a speed [ of ] 28,000 km /h .
Named as a tribute to Edwin Hubble , [ it ] was launched into orbit on 24 April 1990 as a joint project of NASA and ESA , thus inaugurating the Great Observatories program .
[ The ] cylindrically shaped Hubble weighs 11 tons .
Its length is 13.2 m and its maximum diameter is 4.2 meters .
The telescope can obtain images with optical resolution [ finer than ] 0.1 seconds of arc .
The first thing that struck me was the " circular orbit " .
All satellites , whether the moon around us , or the Earth around the sun , ( or any satellite we have sent into space ) orbits along an elliptical path .
( An ellipse is a stretched circle . )
This was discovered by Kepler in the 17th century and stated in his First Law of Planetary Motion :
The orbit of every planet is an ellipse with the sun at a focus .
To be fair , though , many orbits are very nearly circular .
The amount of stretch of an ellipse is known as its eccentricity , [ See more on ellipses . ]
The following image clearly shows how low the orbit is .
In fact , the Earth is " in the way " about half the time .
Low Earth Orbit [ Image from the European Space Agency applet where you can see where the Hubble is right now . ]
Weight of the Hubble
The Hubble does not weigh 11 tons right now .
It is weightless .
You only experience " weight " when you are being affected by gravity .
While the Earth 's gravity still acts on the Hubble , like all orbiting bodies it experiences " free fall " , so is weightless .
More accurately , Hubble 's mass is 11 tonnes .
It would weigh about 108,000 N on the Earth .
Helix Nebula [ Image source ]
Optical resolution - seconds of arc
" The telescope can obtain images with optical resolution [ greater than ] 0.1 seconds of arc . "
This is actually quite interesting .
What does " 0.1 seconds of arc " mean ?
Angles are commonly measured in degrees .
We know that a right angle is 90° and that a steep slope for a road is 15° .
One complete revolution is 360° .
Here is a small angle ( the smallest I can show without it looking like a single line ) , 2° , also called " 2° of arc " .
The Hubble Space Telescope needs to " see " very small parts of the sky .
When we want smaller units than one degree , we take divisions of 1/60 of a degree , called minutes ( just like 1/60th of an hour is one minute .
Such divisions come from the ancient Babylonians ) .
If minutes are not small enough , we take 1/60th of a minute , to give us seconds ( just like in units of time ) .
So " one second of arc " means 1/3600th of one degree .
But Hubble can do even better than that - it can discern a field of view which is 1/10 of 1/3600th , or 1/36,000th of one degree .
Not bad !
The Radian
In science and engineering , the radian is a more convenient unit for measuring angles than the degree .
One radian is the angle shown in this diagram .
If we rotate around a circle such that we travel the distance of one radius , we will have traced out an angle of one radian at the center .
It 's about 57.3° .
See more about radians .
So in radians , the Hubble can distinguish around 4.8 × 10 - 7 of arc .
To finish , here 's one of my favorite pictures by Hubble .
It 's a star that erupted in Jan 2002 , and it was 600,000 times more luminous than our Sun .
[ Image source : NASA ]
Of course , the star erupted 20,000 years ago and it took that long for the light to reach us .
For more information on Hubble , see : http://asd.gsfc.nasa.gov/archive/hubble/
See the 6 Comments below .
A record crowd gathered to thumb their collective noses at the encroaching “ nanny state ” and listen to the words of Sam Wurzelbacher , aka Joe the Plumber , Saturday at the Independence Institute ’s annual Alcohol , Tobacco & Firearms Party .
Revelers made their way about an hour east of Denver to the Kiowa Creek Sporting Club outside Bennett , where an estimated 225 supporters gathered to shoot clay pigeons , imbibe potent potables and puff on cigars at the Golden - based think tank ’s annual fundraiser , dubbed “ the most politically incorrect event of the year . ”
This year ’s festivities inaugurated a full schedule of discussions — “ Nanny Panels ” — and a speech by conservative gadfly Andrew Breitbart on Friday at a Denver hotel ( listen here to Independence Institute President Jon Caldara discuss the events with Amy Oliver ) .
Topics included the economics of the “ nanny state , ” sin taxes and how to fight creeping state parentalism .
Perhaps because Friday ’s program broke out much of the intellectual firepower usually on display at the famous ATF party — now in its seventh year — the “ Shoot it , slam and smoke it ” festivities were more relaxed than in years past .
A handful of state lawmakers and Republican candidates showed up , including state Sen. Nancy Spence , Secretary of State candidate Scott Gessler , 7th Congressional District hopeful Brian T. Campbell , and U.S. Senate candidate Ryan Frazier .
After four hours of target shooting , and a seemingly endless supply of stogies , merrymakers settled in for lunch and some harsh words from civil libertarian and Reason magazine editor Radley Balko , who also spoke at Friday ’s event .
But the real star was Wurzelbacher , whose Joe the Plumber persona turned an impromptu campaign - trail question for Barack Obama into a career as a conservative pitchman .
Wurzelbacher — who really is a plumber , though he admitted he had n’t gotten a license after moving to Ohio last year — stayed mainly on the rails in a brief speech to partygoers .
“ This country has been great for over 180 years , ” Wurzelbacher said after urging folks to study the Constitution .
It was n’t clear whether something happened in the late 1820s to make the United States great , but other than a few puzzled glances from the crowd , everyone went with it .
Answering questions from the well - lubricated crowd , Wurzelbacher revealed that he has n’t made any money from the book he wrote , “ Joe the Plumber – Fighting for the American Dream , ” issued by the tiny PearlGate Publishing imprint , but suggested there could be “ Joe the Plumber ” Christmas ornaments in his merchandising future .
Will he consider running for public office ?
“ Absolutely not , ” Wurzelbacher said .
“ Grassroots is where it ’s at . ”
Asked who might win his support among potential 2012 Republican presidential candidates , Wurzelbacher dismissed Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ( “ No … no ” ) , before sounding like Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin might be his choice .
“ Sarah Palin ?
Maybe , ” he said .
“ She ’s a nice lady and I like her .
She does n’t have that gleam of power in her eyes . ”
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee won some praise from Wurzelbacher , who ultimately said he worried the candidate was giving in to his handlers .
When it comes down to it , Wurzelbacher said , he did n’t prefer a Republican or a Democrat .
“ I want an American leader , ” he said to cheers .
Bacon .
It ’s delicious .
And we ’d all eat a pile of it if no one was watching .
It deserves to be celebrated .
Wild Goose Creative is the official Columbus location for the event that is sweeping the nation : BaconCamp !
This delicious event is an ad - hoc gathering born from the desire for people to share and learn in an open environment about bacon .
It is an intense event with discussions , demos and interaction from participants who are the main actors of the event .
It is community driven and everyone is encouraged to participate by presenting ( food , art , demo ) , judging , or volunteering .
We will be holding a Bacon Cooking contest and a Bacon Art / Craft contest .
We will have prizes available from amazing Columbus vendors and restaurants , and illustrious judges from Rosendales , CMH Gourmand , Spindle Studios , and many more !
If you are interested in submitting your Bacon Recipe or Bacon Art , please visit our Bacon Site here .
BaconCamp is not a spectator sport .
Join us on August 1st from 2 - 6 at Wild Goose Creative !
Bring your bacon food and art , wear your bacony best , and come ready to feast on beautiful bacon creations !
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
wonderful teen girl has turn around at escalator with sleep position an spin for long time ever done by oth ...
wonderful teen girl has turn around at escalator with sleep position an spin for long time ever done by other people before
By Jennifer Carpenter
Science reporter
The new technique involves recovering rare minerals from ancient rocks A new technique has been helping scientists piece together how the Earth 's continents were arranged 2.5 billion years ago .
The novel method allows scientists to recover rare minerals from rocks .
By analysing the composition of these minerals , researchers can precisely date ancient volcanic rocks for the first time .
By aligning rocks that have a similar age and orientation , the early landmasses can be pieced together .
This will aid the discovery of rocks rich in ore and oil deposits , say the scientists .
The approach has already shown that Canada once bordered Zimbabwe , helping the mining industry identify new areas for exploration .
Dr Wouter Bleeker , from the Geological Survey of Canada , explained that much of the geology that exists today formed around 300 million years ago when the supercontinent Pangea existed .
" We really do n't understand the [ Earth 's ] history prior to Pangea , " he told a recent meeting of the American Geophysical Union in Toronto .
Early landmasses Analysis of rocks that formed when continents drifted apart can help geologists reconstruct early landmasses .
Dr Richard Ernst , a geologist from the University of Ottawa , explained that molten magma fills the cracks formed by shifting continental plates .
The magma cools to form long veins of basalt - a volcanic rock - that has a " distinct magnetic signature " revealing the rock 's orientation and latitude when it formed .
By combining this " magnetic signature " with the ages of these rocks , researchers can tell whether rocks on different continents were once part of the same volcanic up - welling .
But until now , researchers have been unable to determine the ages of many of these ancient rocks because of the difficulty in extracting the minerals used to date them .
" We are dealing with such small mineral crystals - typically much less than 100 microns long - we are talking about grains far smaller than the width of a human hair , " explained Dr Michael Hamilton , a geologist and co-leader on the project .
But with the development of new techniques , minerals - such as baddeleyite - can now be successfully recovered .
Baddeleyite is useful because it incorporates large amounts of uranium into its crystal - structure , and because uranium naturally decays to lead .
Scientists also know the rate at which this happens .
" [ They ] can use these minerals as radioactive clocks , " Dr Hamilton added .
" All we need to do is measure the the amounts of uranium and lead very precisely . "
In a large , international project , researchers hope to collect and date 250 rocks from around the world , and use this information to reconstruct how these continental fragments were once together to form giant landmasses that existed 2.5 billion years ago .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
JScript Blog
2/7/2020
7 minutes to read
In this article
Blogs from the JScript team in Microsoft
As we ’ve discussed in the past , Microsoft has been actively involved in the developing the ...
Author : GauravS Date : 06/29/2009
UPDATEMicrosoft has released an update that addresses most of the issues discussed below .
Refer ...
Author : GauravS Date : 06/22/2009
With native JSON support enabled in IE8 , users can now take advantage of the built - in JSON . stringify ...
Author : GauravS Date : 06/22/2009
With Internet Explorer 8 we introduced several new JScript language features including native JSON ...
Author : GauravS Date : 04/16/2009
In the world of web standards , JavaScript is known as ECMAScript and maintenance of its definition ...
Author : GauravS Date : 04/09/2009
During Beta1 and Beta2 pre-releases of IE8 , we ’ve blogged about the performance optimizations done ...
Author : GauravS Date : 03/24/2009
Internet Explorer 8
Final is now available in 25 languages .
IE8 makes what real people do on the web ...
Author : GauravS Date : 03/19/2009
Internet Explorer 8 Release Candidate Is Now Available .
Here is post that would help you Upgrade to ...
Author : GauravS Date : 01/26/2009
In Internet Explorer 8 Beta 2 JScript team has focused on improving developer productivity .
You can ...
Author : deepak.jain Date : 09/17/2008
The 4th episode of the Open Web Podcast featured Allen , Pratap , Dion , and John discussing the Open ...
Author : don.raman Date : 09/11/2008
The current ECMAScript specification was completed in 1999 and certainly needed to be updated to ...
Author : don.raman Date : 08/20/2008
Hello Friends , Today I am going to talk about some of the Garbage Collector improvement we have ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 04/23/2008
Hello Friends ,
Hope you have read part I of this topic which I posted few days ago .
If not then I ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 04/09/2008
I am Titus working as a SDET in JScript team .
Sometime back I came across a situation where the ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 04/02/2008
Hello Friends ,
Have you observed better performance of Array operations in IE8 than IE7 ?
If not , try ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 03/26/2008
Hello Friends ,
Have you read my post on the String Concatenation issue ?
If yes , then I can sense ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 03/19/2008
IE8 Beta1 ( download available here ) now includes a Script debugger that is part of IE8 Developer ...
Author : Sheetal Date : 03/18/2008
As Shreesh mentioned in his blog , Internet Explorer 8 has a built - in JScript debugger .
With Internet ...
Author : deepak.jain Date : 03/13/2008
Making developers more productive through the design , development , and debug phases of web ...
Author : MSDN Archive Date : 03/05/2008
We are constantly looking to engage with our customers on this blog and understand their ...
Author : don.raman Date : 01/22/2008
Now Visual Studio 2008 code named Orcas is out of door with incredible features .
The most highly ...
Author : rneela Date : 12/31/2007
Sometime back Don blogged about Windows Script 5.7 release .
We got lots of feedback on this , people ...
Author : Suresh Jayabalan Date : 11/29/2007
A mashup composes a web application by combining programs and data services from multiple ...
Author : don.raman Date : 11/29/2007
Since we release JSript intellisense in Visual Studio 2008 Beta 2 , there has been some queries on ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 11/08/2007
In this post I will be discussing how one can achieve Class Hierarchy and Data Encapsulation in ...
Author : don.raman Date : 10/31/2007
The web has become the primary global computing platform tying together hundreds of millions of ...
Author : don.raman Date : 10/29/2007
Hello Friends , I am Jaiprakash and work as a Developer in the Jscript team .
There is not much to ...
Author : shivaram .p
Date : 10/17/2007
In this post I will discuss more about the Instance Properties & Instance Methods and Class ...
Author : don.raman Date : 09/30/2007
We have created new forum for asking questions related to JScript .
The forum link is given below : ...
Author : don.raman Date : 09/25/2007
We have come across a couple of installation issues in VS 2008 Beta 2 which broke the new Javascript ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 09/24/2007
I am Ritesh Parikh and have recently moved to Jscript team as a SDET .
While starting on Jscript I ...
Author : don.raman Date : 09/24/2007
Let me take some time to introduce myself .
My name is Titus and I am a SDET in JScript team .
Today I ...
Author : don.raman Date : 09/18/2007
There has been some request and suggestion that when the JScript team feels that there are so many ...
Author : don.raman Date : 09/15/2007
Being a late entrant into the group , I always had questions regarding what ’s what of JScript -...
Author : GauravS Date : 09/07/2007
I modified my last blog many times .
I was really amazed at the kind of response I got on this blog ....
Author : don.raman Date : 09/05/2007
I have little announcement to make today .
Windows Script 5.7 which ships with different flavors of ...
Author : don.raman Date : 08/12/2007
Javascript Intellisense is one of the major improvements in Visual Studio 2008 Beta 2 .
There is a ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 08/07/2007
Visual Web Developer 2008 Beta2 got announced some days back .
Lots of authoring enhancement has been ...
Author : don.raman Date : 08/03/2007
Previous release of Visual Studio " Orcas " debuted the much awaited feature of Javascript ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 08/01/2007
You probably know by now .
Microsoft has announced the release of Visual Studio 2008 Beta 2 and ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 08/01/2007
Scope chain of JScript functions is something programmers find it difficult to understand easily ....
Author : don.raman Date : 07/26/2007
Often times we browse to a website which has lot of data in tabular format , or we login to secure ...
Author : rajesh.bhutani@microsoft.com
Date : 07/23/2007
It 's finally released and I can blog about it .
Have been waiting to write about it for some time now ...
Author : jitu Date : 05/07/2007
At MIX07 we released a new implementation of JavaScript on top of Dynamic Language Runtime ( DLR ) as ...
Author : deepak.jain Date : 05/04/2007
People are already aware of IE - JScript circular memory leak problem .
Let me take some time and ...
Author : don.raman Date : 05/01/2007
If you are interested in debugging your Jscript code , then you can use Visual Web Developer ( VWD ) ...
Author : rajesh.bhutani@microsoft.com
Date : 04/24/2007
Last month , I talked about the new Intellisense for the JScript language .
Well , the March CTP is ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 03/02/2007
Hello , I am Sameer Chabungbam .
For living , I work as a Program Manager in the JScript team at ...
Author : Sameerch Date : 02/10/2007
We have come up with an addon for Internet Explorer .
This add - on adds context sensitive menu when ...
Author : don.raman Date : 01/31/2007
This is the first ever blog written by me in my entire life time .
Let me take some time to introduce ...
Author : don.raman Date : 01/24/2007
Next >
As momentum continues to build for the Obama administration to make good on a promise to end Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell , Rachel Maddow interviews yet another casualty of the policy .
After 18 years of loyal and heroic service , Lt. Col .
Victor Fehrenbach has been notified that his services are nolonger required , two years short of his retirement , and just two weeks shy of being re-deployed .
Watch .
Other DADT news making headlines today include a statement by the Pentagon that there is currently no plan to end the discriminatory policy , and that the administration will have to defend DADT in court .
Post by ILO on 05/19/09 at 11:18 pm
Insects and microbes can take a bite out of farmers ’ yields and threaten urban environments , yet they also bring surprising benefits .
We apply cutting - edge science to harness the good while minimizing the bad .
Our undergraduate and graduate students get the hands - on entomology and plant pathology preparation they need for challenging careers in industry , government or academia .
Farmers and consumers alike benefit from our research and extension programs that solve real - world problems related to plant diseases and insects .
Pathology
Share
Tweet
Pin
Yummly
Have you ever imaged peanut butter and bacon when they are combined in a sandwich ?
Look no further , check out this unique breakfast sandwich .
Becky ’s Diner Peanut Butter and Bacon Sandwich
Becky ’s Diner is located in Portland , Maine .
Becky says that the quality of the bacon is the key in this sandwich .
This is a popular sandwich among the breakfast crowd .
Bake the bacon in the oven to help keep the grease away from the bacon .
Use bacon that is dense and smooth for the best results .
She uses the natural peanut butter that you need to stir the oil into before spreading .
Love bacon ?
Try these bacon recipes everyone will love
Becky ’s Diner Peanut Butter and Bacon Sandwich
Here is a sandwich that everyone loves at Becky 's Diner. 5 from 1 vote Print Pin Add to Collection Go to Collections Servings : 1 Calories : 671 kcal Author : Stephanie Manley Ingredients 6 slices thick - cut bacon
2 slices sturdy bread ( white or whole wheat )
2 tablespoons peanut butter smooth and thick Instructions Prepare bacon Preheat oven to 400 degrees .
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper .
Lay the bacon on the baking sheet .
Bake until done but not overly crisp , about 20 minutes .
Drain on paper towels .
Toast the bread and spread 1 tablespoon of the peanut butter on each slice .
Lay the bacon on top of the peanut butter on the common slide , top with the other slide of bread and serve .
Nutrition Calories : 671 kcal | Carbohydrates : 31 g | Protein : 22 g | Fat : 51 g | Saturated Fat : 14 g | Cholesterol : 56 mg | Sodium : 970 mg | Potassium : 433 mg | Fiber : 3 g | Sugar : 5 g | Calcium : 66 mg | Iron : 2.4 mg Tried this recipe ?
Mention @CopyKatRecipes or tag # CopyKatRecipes
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Lu Chuan says Japan has not properly apologised for the massacre
The Nanjing massacre was an orgy of violence in which Japanese soldiers murdered tens of thousands of Chinese soldiers and civilians .
Although it took place more than 70 years ago , it is still remembered with anger in China , and continues to taint the country 's relationship with Japan .
Chinese director Lu Chuan hopes his new film about the incident , called City of Life and Death , will help heal some of those wounds .
But the making of the film , and the subsequent public reaction , has revealed just how difficult it will be for the movie to achieve that goal .
While it was being filmed , there were disagreements between the Chinese and Japanese actors - and a fight .
And since its release the director has received a death threat and a storm of unfavourable comments from angry Chinese film - goers .
Wartime aggression
The movie , filmed completely in black and white , is already being seen as a box - office success , despite not opening until the end of last month .
It took 120 million yuan ( $ 17.6 m , £ 11.7 m ) in its first 10 days and has been showing in more than 500 cinemas across the country .
It is a bleak film , with scenes of rape , murder and cruelty .
In an interview with the BBC , the director said he had wanted to make a movie that represented the truth of what went on in Nanjing .
" The relationship between China and Japan is very unstable .
There is too much misunderstanding between each other , " he said .
The director wants to show the human side of Japanese troops
The 38 - year - old said he wanted to show the movie in Japan to let ordinary people there know why so many Chinese people still hate them .
According to the director , and many of his compatriots , the Japanese have not yet properly apologised for their wartime aggression - including the Rape of Nanjing .
But the director , from Beijing , said there was also a message for Chinese audiences .
" It 's very important to tell Chinese people that Japanese people are human beings - not beasts , " he said .
To show both sides of the story , the film contains a sympathetic portrayal of a Japanese solider , who eventually commits suicide .
Many of those who have seen the film have applauded this angle .
Internet anger " It 's different to other films about the Nanjing Massacre .
It tries to look at the war through Japanese eyes , " said 32 - year - old student Zhu Xiaojie , just after watching the film .
But there are many Chinese film - goers who do not want to confront the fact that some Japanese soldiers might have felt disgust for what they did .
There have been thousands of internet postings about the film - some by people who believe Mr Lu has done China a great disservice .
" It 's not a movie for patriotic education , but a Japanese movie shot by a Chinese director , " read one posting .
After seeing the movie , other Chinese people said they would not buy or use Japanese products ever again .
One went even further .
Japanese people are human beings - not beasts
Film director Lu Chuan
" I received a letter without a name on it that said someone wanted to kill me , eliminate me , " said the softly spoken Mr Lu .
The director said he was not afraid , but he admitted that he had changed his routine when going out in public places .
And there was the on - set fight between Japanese and Chinese actors .
Mr Lu said the altercation happened while they were shooting a scene showing Japanese soldiers dancing to the beat of a giant drum .
To shoot the scene , two drummers were flown in from Tokyo , but got into an argument with a group of Chinese actors .
One drummer , angry at the noise around him while he tried to concentrate , hit a Chinese actor , according to the director .
The argument then escalated .
" My assistant ran to me and told me that something very bad had happened .
I was so surprised , " said Mr Lu. Relations between China and Japan have improved over the last couple of years .
Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso visited Beijing just last week and had only good things to say about the current relationship .
The two countries agreed to work together on a range of issues , such as getting North Korea to give up its nuclear programmes .
But the experience of the film shows that there is still deep mistrust - mistrust that Mr Lu's film will not completely eradicate .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Microsoft Update Quietly Installs Firefox Extension
A routine security update for a Microsoft Windows component installed on tens of millions of computers has quietly installed an extra add - on for an untold number of users surfing the Web with Mozilla 's Firefox Web browser .
Earlier this year , Microsoft shipped a bundle of updates known as a " service pack " for a programming platform called the Microsoft .
NET Framework , which Microsoft and plenty of third - party developers use to run a variety of interactive programs on Windows .
The service pack for the .NET Framework , like other updates , was pushed out to users through the Windows Update Web site .
A number of readers had never heard of this platform before Windows Update started offering the service pack for it , and many of you wanted to know whether it was okay to go ahead and install this thing .
Having earlier checked to see whether the service pack had caused any widespread problems or interfered with third - party programs -- and not finding any that warranted waving readers away from this update -- I told readers not to worry and to go ahead and install it .
I 'm here to report a small side effect from installing this service pack that I was not aware of until just a few days ago :
Apparently , the .NET update automatically installs its own Firefox add - on that is difficult -- if not dangerous -- to remove , once installed .
Annoyances.org , which lists various aspects of Windows that are , well , annoying , says " this update adds to Firefox one of the most dangerous vulnerabilities present in all versions of Internet Explorer : the ability for Web sites to easily and quietly install software on your PC . "
I 'm not sure I 'd put things in quite such dire terms , but I 'm fairly confident that a decent number of Firefox for Windows users are rabidly anti-Internet Explorer , and would take umbrage at the very notion of Redmond monkeying with the browser in any way .
Big deal , you say ?
I can just uninstall the add - on via Firefox 's handy Add - ons interface , right ?
Not so fast .
The trouble is , Microsoft has disabled the " uninstall " button on the extension .
What 's more , Microsoft tells us that the only way to get rid of this thing is to modify the Windows registry , an exercise that -- if done imprecisely -- can cause Windows systems to fail to boot up .
When I first learned of this , three thoughts immediately flashed through my mind :
1 ) How the % #@ ! did I miss this ?
2 ) The right way would have been to just publish the add - on at Mozilla 's Add Ons page .
3 ) This kind of makes you wonder what else MS is installing without your knowledge .
Then I found that I was n't the only one who had these ideas .
Microsoft has heard these criticisms from others who long ago commented on this unfortunate development ( see the comments underneath this post ) .
Anyway , I 'm sure it's not the end of the world , but it 's probably infuriating to many readers nonetheless .
Firstly -- to my readers -- I apologize for overlooking this ... " feature " of the .NET Framework security update .
Secondly -- to Microsoft -- this is a great example of how not to convince people to trust your security updates .
Adham Ghaneimat , 14
I live with my parents and six brothers and sisters in Surif , west of Hebron .
I am in the eighth grade at the school in the town .
My father is a laborer and he is now being held by Israel for entering the country illegally .
Last Thursday [ 12 February ] , there was a teachers ' strike , and I did n't go to school .
Instead , I went for a walk with my cousin Muhammad , who is fifteen , and with a friend of mine , Karam Bassam , who is fourteen , to my grandfather 's plot of land .
It lies less than a kilometer from the Bat Ayin settlement .
We got there about noon .
About half an hour later , while we were sitting on the ground , we saw a motorcycle drive toward us on a dirt road that runs from the settlement .
On the motorcycle was a young settler of medium height , with short hair and pale skin .
When he was about two hundred meters from us , we got up and ran away .
Muhammad and Karam ran toward a hill opposite the settlement , and I hid behind a boulder .
About five minutes later , another motorcycle pulled up .
The rider was a young settler wearing olive - green trousers .
He was taller than the other settler and his skin was darker .
He was wearing sunglasses .
The two of them stopped .
The tall one came over to where I was , and I tried to run away .
I do n't know the area well and I tried to run up another hill .
The other settler drove along the dirt road , trying to block me .
He was a few meters in front of me .
The taller settler got onto his motorcycle , drove up to us and ran over my right foot .
I tried to get away , but he ran me over again , hitting the same foot .
I stopped .
He got off the motorcycle , grabbed me by the shoulder and started to shout at me in Hebrew .
Then the two of them hit me with a stick and punched me .
I started to cry .
I told them I had been only playing , but they did n't understand what I was saying and continued to beat me .
One of them grabbed me and pressed his fingers on the left side of my chest .
Adham Ghaneimat at his home .
Photo : Musa Abu Hashhash , B'Tselem , 18 Feb . 2009
Suddenly a shepherd , about sixty years old , came over to us .
Later , I learned his name was ‘ Abdallah Muhammad Ibrahim Ghaneimat .
He saw the settlers attacking me and tried to rescue me .
I heard him tell them that I was only a child , but they did n't listen to him .
They shouted at him and made him go away .
Then they told me to run in front of them to the settlement .
I ran and they followed me on their motorcycles .
One of them kept hitting me in the foot .
I cried the whole way .
One of the times that one of the wheels hit my foot , I fell down because it hurt so much .
The two settlers got off their motorcycles and tried to force me to get up and continue to walk , but I felt that I could n't do it .
I only managed to continue , barely , after the shepherd shouted from a distance that I should do what they said .
The settlers continued to ride behind and beside me .
After a long time , more than an hour I think , we got to the settlement 's gate .
The two settlers took me into the settlement and sat me down on the ground , behind the gate .
They left me there for about an hour , standing next to me , until an Israeli police car with two policemen pulled up .
One of the policemen cuffed my hands in front of me and then they put me in the vehicle and took me to the Etzion police station .
It was already dark when we got to the station .
The policemen put me in a room and another policeman questioned me .
Also in the room was an interpreter , who asked what my brothers ' names were .
He asked me what I had been doing on the plot , and claimed that I had tried to steal from the settlement .
I told him that was n't true , and that I was on my grandfather 's land .
He kept saying I was lying , and that I wanted to steal from the settlement .
He said that if I told him the truth , he would let me go .
After about half an hour , he took me to the yard and told me to sit down .
He told me policemen would take me home .
I waited for more than half an hour and nobody came to take me .
Then three soldiers came and made me get out .
One of them kicked me , opened the gate of the station , and told me get out of there .
I walked about three hundred meters and got to an asphalt road .
My leg and chest hurt .
A yellow taxi stopped and the driver asked where I was going and what my name was .
When I answered , he told me he knows my father , and he took me to Beit Ummar , where I got into another taxi , which took me to the taxi stand , and from there , I walked home .
I got home at about 8:00 P.M .
My mother was worried and asked if they had beaten me .
I told her what had happened .
She said the shepherd had told her that the settlers were holding me .
I later learned that my grandfather went to the settlement but did n't find me , and then he went to the checkpoint and asked the soldiers about me .
The soldiers told him I had been taken to the Etzion station but when he got to the station , I was already gone .
My father 's cousin , Musa Ghaneimat , took me to ‘ Aliyah Hospital , in Hebron , where I was examined and X - rayed .
I had no broken bones .
The doctor put an elastic bandage on my right foot .
Then I went home .
I did n't go to school on Sunday , and on Monday , I only went to two classes .
My foot still hurts , and it 's hard for me to walk .
On Friday , my mother went with me to Palestinian police headquarters in Hebron and we filed a complaint .
Adham Khaled Muhammad Ghaneimat , 14 and highschool student is a resident of Surif in Hebron District .
His testimony was given to Musa Abu Hashhash at the witness 's house on 18 February 2009 .
Bill Moyers had an excellent panel discussion on the only true road to universal health care for our country .
It 's called : Single Payer Health Insurance .
Dr. David Himmelstein and Dr. Sidney
Wolfe give a very easy explanation of what Single Payer health care means and also take us down memory lane when the fight first started .
It 's hard to understand President Obama on this issue .
He has the bully pulpit and he has the votes for the most part since it wo n't take 60 votes to pass it , so why is he not in favor of single payer ?
Yes , I know , it will be tough to pass , but covering Americans with this plan would also save jobs , decrease personal bankruptcies incredibly and save Corporations billions of dollars on health care costs .
Talk about a real stimulus .
Anyway , back to Moyers .
Health care reform is coming .
Both Congress and President Obama have made it a top priority , and many expect a bill by the fall .
Now comes the tricky part — designing and funding a plan .
President Obama has outlined broad goals , several competing plans have been introduced in the Congress , and the Republican party recently introduced its own plan .
But Dr. David Himmelstein and Dr. Sidney Wolfe tell Bill Moyers on the JOURNAL that President Obama is n't considering a popular plan — single - payer .
In a recent town - hall meeting in New Mexico , President Obama said switching to single - payer would be too disruptive .
The term " single - payer " generally means a system in which rather than having private , for - profit insurance companies , the government runs one large non-profit insurance organization .
That organization pays all the doctor , drug and hospital bills — it is the " single - payer " of all medical bills .
In most single - payer plans , every American would be enrolled and would pay into the fund through taxes ... read on
It 's an excellent video .
It looks like they are trying to force us with a " public option " plan instead of real reform of health care .
I 'm still sorting out a lot of information on the health care problem , but some of us are working on an action soon .
Howie Klein has a rundown of all the money that the people who are blocking real reform in health care have received from the health care industry .
Arlen Specter ( R - D - PA - $ 4,026,933 )
Max Baucus ( DLC - MT- $ 2,833,731 ) Mitch McConnell ( R -KY - $ 2,758,468 )
And when you just go right to Big Insurance , the non-presidential candidates who got the biggest legalized bribes were the 7 senators who have been tasked with the job of killing single - payer : Ben Nelson ( DLC-NE - $ 1,196,799 ) Max Baucus ( DLC - MT- $ 1,184,113 ) Joe Lieberman ( DLC - CT - $ 1,036,302 ) Arlen Specter ( R - D - PA - $ 1,035,530 ) Chuck Schumer ( D - NY - $ 981,400 ) Mitch McConnell ( R-KY - $ 929,207 ) Chuck Grassley ( R- IA - $ 884,724 )
We will be addressing the members of Congress very soon .
Thank God for Bernie Sanders .
Here 's something positive at least .
http://people.csail.mit.edu/jaffer/PrinsChristianSund/medium
Once upon a happier time , when I had a job and could afford travel , my family sailed to Greenland aboard the Crown Princess .
On August 19 we arrived at the mouth of Prins Christian Sund ( Prince Christian Sound ) at the southeast tip of Greenland .
Greenland produces so many icebergs that navigation is tricky even during the summer .
That is why Princess cruised to Greenland just once per year .
We were excited to learn that the channel was clear enough of ice that this large ship could sail entirely through for the first time in five years !
These photographs were taken from a height of roughly 25.m , which can make subjects looks smaller than they were .
The Inuit hunter and his dinghy near an iceberg gives some sense of scale :
There is scant visual evidence of multi-cellular life above water here .
Shores could have looked like this a billion ( 109 ) years ago :
The sides of the fjord are steep rock cut by glaciers during the last ice age .
The continuous high face of rock to starboard conveys an impression of some great pressure being contained :
As icebergs melt they can take on fantastic shapes .
Underwater melting cuts straight edges at the water line .
When the underwater dissolution is faster than melting in air , the iceberg eventually becomes unstable and flips over .
On many bergs you can count the inversions .
20.km in we come to a source of icebergs , a glacier :
A glacier at the end of an inlet affords a better peek at the edge of the ice sheet covering nearly all of Greenland :
The Sound we have traversed thus far :
An iceberg which nearly blocked this narrowest point in the channel :
12.km further , the Sound hooks around volcanoes projecting through granite plutons and joins a larger channel formed by the intersection of 5 fjords .
At this point not only do cameras not capture the magnificence of the scene , human eyes are overwhelmed as well .
Imagine 5 Yosemites dotted by cinder cones and flooded with seawater .
A distant look toward a much larger glacier :
As evening approaches , the forms cut by multiple glaciers are even more fantastic :
We have sailed by the feet of giants :
MLB All - 25 and Younger Team
There ’s a different feel to baseball again – a good feeling .
Yeah , I know – there are probably still plenty of players who are cheating .
But at least the league is ( finally ) making somewhat of an effort to clean up its image and for that , we as fans have hope that maybe someday the game will be juice - free again .
Those who have watched their fair share of baseball this season should be reveling in how the game is getting younger again .
Instead of teams waiting for dingers in order to score runs , clubs are bunting , stealing and manufacturing scoring opportunities – the way the game is supposed to be played .
After watching how the Rays won last season , more and more teams are building their rosters by developing home grown talent rather than signing big - name free agents ( save for the Yankees , of course ) and it ’s making the game exciting again .
An onus has been made on youth and speed and for the first time in quite a while , baseball is once again a young man ’s game .
That said , I ’ve decided to have a little fun by constructing an entire 25 - man baseball roster ( I ’ve named the team “ Team Youthful Exuberance ” ) by using only players who are 25 years of age and younger .
Rules and guidelines for the roster are below so enjoy and as always , feel free to make an argument for any players that I might have missed .
Rules , Guidelines & Notes :
– Any player that turned the age of 26 before April 5 , 2009 , which was Opening Day for the 2009 MLB season , was considered ineligible .
Therefore , two current 26 year - olds ( Joe Mauer and Miguel Cabrera ) are eligible for this team because they did n’t turn 26 until after the April 5 deadline .
The reason for the deadline was to squash any debate about what players were and were n’t eligible for the team based on when they turned 26 .
– Players can be moved from their real MLB positions , but within reason .
For example , I ca n’t move Evan Longoria to catcher to free up a spot at third base for a player like Ryan Zimmerman , but I can move Justin Upton to left field even though his natural position is right .
– Starting pitchers are starting pitchers and relief pitchers are relief pitchers .
In efforts not to stack my pitching staff with all starters , I could n’t make a starter a relief pitcher .
However , closers are considered relief pitchers , so I can have multiple closers if I choose .
– The roster numbers are of that of a major league roster : ( 2 ) Catchers ; ( 6 ) Infielders ; ( 5 ) Outfielders ; ( 5 ) Starters ; ( 7 ) Relief Pitchers . ( 25 total . )
Owner : George Steinbrenner .
If anyone was worried about how we ’d pay for all of these contracts , fear not – Big Stienny is here .
Dude blows his nose with hundred dollar bills .
Manager : Joe Torre .
This club needs a father figure to keep all of these young players in line .
The only problem is that we had to give
Torre a truckload of money in order for him to agree to work with Steinbrenner again .
General Manager : Anthony Stalter .
Why ?
Because I constructed this f’n team – that ’s why .
Theo Epstein who ?
Now , without further ado , I give you : Team Youthful Exuberance .
Roster :
Catchers ( 2 ) : Joe Mauer ( 26 , Twins ) ; Brian McCann ( 25 , Braves )
At first , I had McCann penciled in as the starter and Orioles ’ top prospect Matt Weiters backing him up , but then I stumbled upon this beautiful date in history : April 19 , 1983 , which is Mauer ’s birthday .
Even though he ’s 26 , he qualifies for this team because he was 25 on April 5 , which is my made up deadline .
With Mauer behind the dish , TYE ( Team Youthful Exuberance ) has a player that can hit for average and power , as well as someone that can take charge of a stacked pitching staff .
It ’s almost unfair that a player as good as McCann has been delegated to backup duty , but if Mauer ’s back starts acting up again , then TYE has one hell of a replacement .
Infield ( 6 ) : Evan Longoria ( 23 , Rays ) ; Hanley Ramirez ( 25 , Marlins ) ; Dustin Pedroia ( 25 , Red Sox ) ; Prince Fielder ( 25 , Brewers ) ; Jose Reyes ( 25 , Mets ) ; Miguel Cabrera ( 26 , Tigers )
Look at that infield and tell me the hair on your ass does n’t stand up with excitement .
Longoria might be the one player TYE builds its entire roster around with his outstanding ability to hit for average and power .
Ramirez is another player who can hit for average and drive in runs , all while swiping a fair amount of bases as well .
It ’s hard to argue against Pedroia being TYE ’s starting second baseman given he ’s the reigning AL MVP and we ’re ecstatic to add his speed at the top of the lineup , too .
TYE has options at first base in Fielder and Cabrera , the latter of which qualifies for the team because of his birthday ( April 18 , 1983 ) .
Depending on who gets the nod at first , the other can DH given that both players have a tremendous amount of power .
Even though he ’s been hurt most of the real season and needs to work on not running into outs while on the base paths , we figure Reyes is a tremendous middle infield addition who has loads of speed and adds to the overall athleticism of the club .
Do n’t forget that Cabrera can also play third base if Longoria needs a day off , so this club has options .
Outfield ( 5 ) : Adam Jones ( 23 , Orioles ) ; Jacoby Ellsbury ( 25 , Red Sox ) ; Justin Upton ( 21 , Diamondbacks ) ; Nick Markakis ( 25 , Orioles ) ; Ryan Braun ( 25 , Brewers )
The outfield position was incredibly difficult to pare down to just five players , because there are so many great young OFs to choose from in MLB .
But in the end , we chose as many five - tool players that we could and we ’re happy with the results .
Jones is quickly emerging as one of the best young outfielders in the game , Ellsbury gives us a true leadoff hitter and a great defensive centerfielder , while Justin Upton is proving at age 21 that his potential is sky high .
Markakis is struggling a bit this year with his average , but he has one of the better outfield arms in baseball and while Braun can be downright brutal defensively at times , it ’s hard to pass up on a guy that can hit for a .300 average all while driving in 100 - plus runs and blasting 30 - plus dingers .
This outfield is loaded with hitters that can hit for average , that have a good amount of pop , can run and also play some quality defense ( save for Braun ) .
Starters ( 5 ) : Tim Lincecum ( 24 , Giants ) ; Cole Hamels ( 25 , Phillies ) ; Zack Greinke ( 25 , Royals ) ; Chad Billingsley ( 24 , Dodgers ) ; Yovani Gallardo ( 23 , Brewers )
Before I discuss the starters I did choose , here are some of the names that I had to pass on : Jon Lester , Max Scherzer , Jair Jurrjens , John Danks , Johnny Cueto , Edwin Jackson , Rick Porcello , Josh Johnson , Chris Volstad , Clayton Kershaw , Joba Chamberlain , Zach Duke , Matt Cain , Felix Hernandez , Matt Garza and David Price .
It killed me to pass on Johnson , Kershaw , Chamberlain and Hernandez specifically , but in the end I chose the best five in terms of ERA , WHIP and strikeout potential .
With so many great names to choose from , I know I ’m going to get some backlash for who I passed on , but Lincecum is a freak of nature , Greinke has been absolutely phenomenal this season ( although I ’ll admit that had I done this at the beginning of the year , he would n’t have made the starting five ) and Billingsley has been lights out .
Hamels has struggled a bit with his ERA and he can be inconsistent at times , but his performance in last year ’s postseason speaks for itself .
I ’m projecting a bit with Gallardo , but I would have been doing the same with Kershaw , Johnson and Chamberlain , so I feel good about the decision to go with the 23 - year - old Brewer .
Relievers ( 7 ) : Joakim Soria ( 25 , Royals ) ; Jonathan Broxton ( 24 , Dodgers ) ; Jeff Samardzija ( 24 , Cubs ) ; Joel Zumaya ( 24 , Tigers ) ; Andrew Bailey ( 25 , A’s ) ; Daniel Bard ( 23 , Braves Red Sox ) ; Ryan Perry ( 22 , Tigers )
Pick your poison with this bunch ; Soria , Broxton and Bailey can all close games , while Zumaya would make an outstanding setup man .
The only issue I have with this group is whether or not any of them can come in for long relief if one of the starters gets rocked and I ’m projecting a ton with Samardzija , Bard and Perry .
Either way , this relief staff is chockfull of guys that can throw absolute cheddar and the thought process is that the starting pitching will go deep into most games anyway , so why not build the back of the rotation with 7th , 8th and 9th - inning arms ?
Projected Lineup :
1. Jacoby Ellsbury , CF
2. Dustin Pedroia , 2B
3. Evan Longoria , 3B
4. Prince Fielder , DH
5. Miguel Cabrera , 1B
6. Joe Mauer , C
7. Hanley Ramirez , SS
8. Ryan Braun , LF
9. Justin Upton , RF
Obviously you can switch around a lot of these hitters , but it ’s pretty sick when Hanley Ramirez is your seventh hitter and Ryan Braun is eighth .
Not too mention the bench still has Adam Jones , Jose Reyes , Brian McCann and Nick Markakis sitting on it .
Sick .
Starting Rotation :
1. Tim Lincecum
2. Cole Hamels
3. Chad Billingsley
4. Zack Greinke
5. Yovani Gallardo
The lack of lefties scares me a bit , which makes me question whether or not I should go with Clayton Kershaw and drop Gallardo … no , no – Gallardo is staying .
But I do love Kershaw …no , Gallardo – final answer .
Team Youthful Exuberance : Go F yourselves Yankees and Red Sox .
But with Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton both taking up Ms. Saberi ’s cause , analysts said , the political cost of keeping her in prison may have come to seem too high .
The fact that the severity of the charges against her was changed , officials said , illustrated the internal tug - of - war over the case .
“ They understood that this would n’t help them , ” said Thomas R. Pickering , a former undersecretary of state who has conducted informal talks with Iranians .
“ They were asking the U.S. to put words into action , and at the same time , they were going in the opposite direction . ”
Image Reza Saberi and his wife , Akiko , waited outside Evin prison in Tehran for their daughter , Roxana Saberi , to be released on Monday .
Credit ... Hasan Sarbakhshian / Associated Press
Mr. Ahmadinejad is seeking re-election on June 12 .
The letter he sent to the court was the first time he had intervened in a judicial case in his four years in office .
Analysts said it would help his prospects if he could advance negotiations with the United States before the election .
“ Mr. Ahmadinejad wants to take serious steps towards improving ties with the United States before the elections , ” said Ibrahim Yazdi , a political analyst in Tehran .
“ If he succeeds , it would be to his interest . ”
If the United States were to establish an interest section in Tehran , for example , that would allow Iranians to obtain visas to the United States , without traveling to a third country , as they have to do now .
The United States has made several gestures to Iran .
Mr. Obama taped a greeting for the Iranian people on the Persian New Year , and the administration announced that it would take part , along with other major powers , in face - to - face negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program .
Added new map , Pipeline .
Pipeline is the first map in a new game mode named payload race , which uses two carts in each map instead of only one like traditional payload maps
Added new arena map Sawmill
Added new arena map Nucleus
Added new community payload map Hoodoo
Updated Dustbowl to fix not being able to jump into the window in the first building of the second stage
Added new sniper rifle replacement , The Huntsman .
Instead of a sniper rifle , you have a bow that allows you to move around faster while firing , and fire more quickly than the sniper rifle .
Works better at medium range than the standard rifle
Added new SMG replacement , Jarate .
If thrown on an enemy they will take more damage for short period of time .
Also extinguishes flames on yourself or allies
Added new SMG replacement , The Razorback .
Will protect you against a single spy backstab , and stun the spy for a short period of time .
Comes with a 15 % move speed penalty for the wearer
Standard sniper rifle now shoots through friendly players
Added 54 new Sniper voice lines
Added 35 new Sniper achievements
Added new revolver replacement , The Ambassador .
First shot is very accurate and will cause a critical hit if it hits an enemy 's head .
Accuracy is poor for a period after that
Added new watch replacement , the Dead Ringer .
When armed , you will appear in all ways to die to the first damage you take from an enemy .
You 'll be cloaked for 8 second after taking this damage .
Upon de-cloaking you 'll make a loud , distinct sound
Added new watch replacement , the Cloak and Dagger .
Your cloak meter is only depleted when you move , so you can stay invisible indefinitely if you 're standing still
Spy name tags now show up properly when disguised as their own team
Fixed a bug that would cause spectators to see disguise weapons incorrectly
Fixed a bug where enemy spies disguised as friendly spies would have cigarettes that did n't burn
Fixed a bug where overhealing disguised spies would show the wrong overhealing amount to the medic
Made it more obvious on first person view model when your motion cloak is out of juice and you are partially visible
Also made it more obvious on first person view model when you 're bumped while cloaked
Improved the way your disguise weapon is determined to make it clearer and fix a couple of rare issues
Spies disguised as enemy spies now get a random mask to help complete the disguise , and their target id will be set appropriately
Spies disguised as medics now have an Ubercharge : line in their disguise target info
Spies outward facing " disguise health " now matches their disguise target when they first apply the disguise
Spies can now pick up health kits for their " disguise health " , even when uninjured
Disguise UI does n't show up in minimum UI mode ( hud_minmode )
Spies that disguise as a player using an unlockable now show that unlockable in hand
Spies can now use enemy teleporters
Added 70 new Spy voice lines
Added 34 new Spy achievements
Dominations no longer get wiped when teams switch sides
Dead players draw slightly darker in scoreboard
Converted class labels to class icons
All players now display the total number of people they are dominating
You now find new and old items as you play , instead of through achievements
Fixed a bug that would cause the scout 's ball to regenerate at inappropriate times
Demomen can now detonate their stickies while taunting
Flamethrower 's air burst now extinguishes fire on friendly targets
Grenades and rockets deflected by a pyro under the effects of Kritzkrieg will now be criticals
The Heavy and Sniper now have new custom death animations
Fixed payload HUD not updating properly if you join in the middle of a match and the cart is n't moving
Engineer 's dispensers now give 20 % , 30 % , or 40 % of player 's max_ammo ( for each ammo type ) on each use , based on the level of the dispenser
Added - sillygibs commandline parameter which will allow the non-violent gibs to be enabled
Added a new taunt for the Kritzkrieg , which also heals for 10 points
Improved the deathcam camera handling used when a player plays a custom death animation
Added missing chalkboard and serverbrowser images for community maps shipped in previous updates
Removed " Final " from map names in the serverbrowser quick list
Added " sv_allow_voice_from_file " convar , which defaults to 1 .
When set to 0 , it 'll prevent clients from using the " voice_inputfromfile " feature to broadcast wav files over voice
Enabled " sv_allow_wait_command " convar , which defaults to 1 .
When set to 0 , it 'll prevent clients from using the " wait " command
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - British Prime Minister Gordon Brown will face growing pressure to quit if European and local elections on Thursday go as badly as feared .
Britain's Prime Minister Gordon Brown leaves Downing Street on his way to Prime Minister 's Questions at the Houses of Parliament in London June 3 , 2009 .
Brown will face growing pressure to quit if European and local elections on Thursday go as badly as feared .
REUTERS / Stefan Wermuth
Brown ’s reputation , already battered by a deep recession , has been knocked further by a parliamentary expenses scandal and the resignation of two cabinet ministers this week .
His ruling Labour party lagged by as much as 20 points in opinion polls behind the opposition Conservatives led by David Cameron before the elections , the last major popular test before a parliamentary election due by this time next year .
Media reports said up to 75 Labour members of parliament ( MPs ) -- around a fifth of the total -- were ready to sign a letter calling for his resignation .
Business Secretary Peter Mandelson called for calm , saying a plot would only “ make things worse for the Labour Party ” .
“ British politics is in a bad old state , nobody is happy and it is affecting all the parties , ” he told BBC television .
The impression that Brown is struggling to keep control of his party increased on Wednesday when a second cabinet minister said she was stepping down , pre-empting an expected cabinet reshuffle Brown had hoped would revive his flagging fortunes .
Communities Secretary Hazel Blears joined Home Secretary ( interior minister ) Jacqui Smith in announcing her resignation .
Both had been tipped for the axe in any reshuffle , but it sparked talk of a revolt against Brown .
“ DEAR GORDON ”
A Labour politician told Reuters he believed a letter calling on Brown to step down was in the works .
The Sun newspaper , Britain ’s biggest selling tabloid , printed what it said was the wording of the letter :
“ We are writing now because we believe that in the current political situation you can best serve the Labour Party and the country by stepping down , ” it said in a letter addressed to : “ Dear Gordon ” .
With Labour ’s popularity at such a low ebb , Brown ’s job would be a poisoned chalice .
Health Secretary Alan Johnson , tipped as the favourite to succeed him , gave the prime minister his support on Wednesday .
Opinion polls indicate Labour could be pushed into fourth place in the European Parliament election as voters express their fury over lavish expenses claims .
All parties have been hit by the scandal , in which members of parliament have claimed taxpayers money to pay for everything from floating duck houses , to horse manure , to cleaning a moat .
Voter disillusionment is expected to boost support for far - right parties such as the British National Party ( BNP ) .
Any change of prime minister would add to the clamour for an early election to replace a discredited lower house of parliament .
More than a dozen MPs have said they will not stand for re-election after details of their expenses were revealed .
Brown had been expected to wait until May 2010 to call an election , hoping the economy will start to recover by then .
A YouGov poll for the Daily Telegraph said among people certain to vote in the European polls , Labour would get just 16 percent support , ahead of the Liberal Democrats on 15 percent and behind the United Kingdom Independence Party ( UKIP ) on 18 percent .
It put Conservative support at 26 percent of the vote .
Labour also faces a rout at local level , where 18 million eligible voters will decide on the composition of 34 local authorities .
The party could lose control of four councils in its traditional heartlands in the northwest and Midlands .
Results of the local elections will be announced from the early hours of Friday , while the European results will not be released until Sunday night .
Advertisements
Today on ABC’s This Week , likely 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney blamed President Obama for the reelection of Ahmadinejad , while at the same time calling the election a fraud .
Romney claimed that the election fraud is evidence the Obama ’s foreign policy is not working .
While over on NBC , Joe Scarborough made the opposite argument .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Romney said , “ The comments by the president last week , that there was a robust debate going on in iran , was obviously entirely wrong - headed .
What has occurred is the election is a fraud , the results are inaccurate , and you ’re seeing a brutal repression of the people as they protest . …
It ’s very clear that the president ’s policies of going around the world and apologizing for America are n’t working .
…
Look , just sweet talk and criticizing America is not going to enhance freedom in the world . ”
Advertisements
Here is the video of Scarborough on Meet the Press :
Over on Meet the Press , Joe Scarborough said that Obama ’s speech scared the grand ayatollahs into fixing the election , “ And how fascinating as I sat there listening to him talk about this , looking at the election results .
You know , the law of unintended consequences came in again .
I suspect that Cairo speech really scared the grand ayatollahs in Iran . ”
He continued , “ If they were going to fix an election this was a time to fix it , because the last thing they wanted to do was Barack Obama to take credit for reformers winning in Iran , like they already have in Lebanon .
And , and by the way , in the short - term that ’s bad news for us .
I think in the long - term , though if ayatollahs are seen stealing an election as a result from what Barack Obama did in Cairo , I actually think that ’s a positive for the United States and Iran in the long run . ”
I think that Scarborough has the right idea , while Romney is trying to appeal to the GOP base for 2012 .
How can Obama be blamed for the result of a fraudulent election ?
It was Obama ’s speech , which Romney defined as apologizing , that took away the anti-American argument that Obama and the U.S. is the great Satan .
The Obama administration is also following the correct path by not getting in the middle of the post election situation .
The Islamic establishment has created their own problem here , and the one thing that could bail them out would be if the U.S. appeared to be intervening in the election .
Any strong statement by the administration at this moment would give the ruling clerics justification for tightening their grip on power , which they would attempt to use to legitimize the results of the election .
The Bush administration ’s Axis of Evil position towards Iran was a dream come true for President Ahmadinejad .
Since most of the Iranian people want better relations with the United States , the best way to pressure the Iranian government is not play the role of the evil empire .
America can be strong with Iran , without being threatening .
This is a concept that many Republicans , like Romney , do n’t want to acknowledge .
Für die Nutzung unseres Carport - Online - Konfigurators benötigen Sie einen Browser der Frames unterstützt .
Mit unserem Konfigurator für Carports , Terrassenüberdachungen , Poolüberdachungen , Pavillons und Gartenhäuser können sie dann ganz bequem Ihr neues Holzbau - Projekt online planen und erhalten ein Angebot als PDF per E - Mail zugestellt .
Sollte Ihr Browser keine Frames unterstützden , dann können Sie hier Ihr Carport - Angebot online erstellen .
Sie planen einen neuen Carport oder eine neue Terrassenüberdachung , dann sind wir Ihr kompetenter Ansprechpartner :
Wir beraten , entwerfen , produzieren und montieren maßgefertigte Holzkonstruktionen höchster Qualität - individuell und exklusiv .
Bei uns bekommen
Sie maßgefertigte Lösungen aus Holz , die genau zu Ihnen , Ihrem Leben , Ihrem Auto und Ihrem Haus passen - den sicheren Hafen für Ihr Auto , die perfekte Überdachung für Ihre Terrasse oder eine andere Holzkonstruktion .
Ihre neue Holzkonstruktion soll individuell , exklusiv und langlebig sein .
Deshalb verwenden wir Holzarten von Fichte , Douglasie und Lärche in Form von hochwertigem Leimholz ( BSH ) .
Dieses Leimholz wird aus getrocknetem Holz ( etwa 11 % Holzfeuchte ) hergestellt und ist mehrschichtig verleimt aufgebaut .
Somit finden Rissbildungen und Schwindungen in erheblich geringerem Maße als bei Bauholz statt .
Aufgrund dieser Eigenschaften ist Leimholz das perfekte Baumaterial für formstabile Konstruktionen wie Carports , Terrassenüberdachungen oder andere Holzkonstruktionen , bei denen die unvermeidliche Rissbildung und dass Schwinden von zu nass eingebautem Bauholz unerwünscht ist .
A Winnipeg teenager has launched a complaint against the Winnipeg Police Service .
The teen says he was sitting in his vehicle when he says a plainclothes officer yanked open his door and pointed a gun at him .
Jordan David is 17 years old , but admits he gets a lot of looks when he is behind the wheel because he does not look old enough to drive .
" They think I look too young to drive , so they call the police .
I guess they think they 're doing the right thing , " says David .
David says up until now it 's just been an annoyance .
He says last Friday he was sitting in a St. James parking lot when suddenly the door of his truck opened and he was starring down the barrel of a gun .
" I saw the gun right in front of me , and I could see down the barrel .
It was pointing right at my face , " recalls David .
At the time , he was in the truck with his younger sisters and brother .
David says they were all very scared .
" I tried to get out because I thought he was robbing the truck , but then he shut the door , " says younger sister Talia David .
It was n't until the man spoke that Jordan David realized what was happening .
" The gun was pointing at my face and he said Winnipeg Police .
Get the ' F ' out of the vehicle .
Get on the F'ing ground , " says David .
David says the officer let him go after checking his license .
" Then he said , you can't be mad at us , look at how you look .
Look at you , " says David .
David is n't satisfied with that .
He 's mad about the way he was treated and so is his mother .
They are in the process of filing a formal complaint .
" I 'd like to know how many other people have gone through the same thing .
Maybe there 's an even bigger issue than just this one case , because a lot of people do n't report things , " says David 's mother Tammy Snell .
The Winnipeg Police Service says an internal investigation is taking place .
Jordan says , in general , he still trusts police , but he hopes he is not treated that way again .
With a report from CTV's Jon Hendricks
From this calculation , the writer discovered that the very best fee of an infection was between February 2 and February 4 , right earlier than movement restrictions have been instituted .
However , after the passengers disembarked , some began experiencing signs of the virus , even when they did not have any close contact with infected individuals .
Because of this , the creator recommends learning other modes of virus transmission , [… ]
More angry scenes erupted in Sydney 's west overnight as tensions increased between local Indian students and the Lebanese community .
About 70 students gathered in the heart of Harris Park , but this time they were confronted by local Lebanese youths .
Police were forced to hold back the angry mob in the third straight night of protests .
The Indian protesters continue to say they are being attacked by Lebanese youths and police are ignoring their pleas for protection .
A man was issued with a court notice for carrying an offensive weapon after being allegedly found with a piece of timber during a police search .
Earlier , Parramatta Council held a meeting with police , India 's consul general and members of Sydney 's Indian community , with organisers saying students had agreed to stop protesting .
But the flare - up that occurred after the meeting has left Indian leaders exasperated and some locals are concerned there could be fresh outbreaks of violence in the backstreets of western Sydney .
Local Lebanese views
The ABC's Di Bain was in Harris Park last night , gauging how Lebanese community members are reacting to the commotion .
Lebanese man Allan has lived in Sydney 's west for 30 years .
He visits the same Lebanese patisserie every night and is nonplussed by recent protests nearby .
" This is a show - what they 're putting on , " he said .
" I 've been around the world four times and there would not be a better country on Earth . "
He says the Lebanese community is not scared by the Indian protesters ' threats .
" The Lebanese community in Harris Park or Parramatta does n't exist , " he said .
" Truly , they 're peaceful people , same as the Indian people . "
John , a 23 - year - old Harris Park local of Lebanese descent , was also unfazed by the recent protests .
" I do n't think there 's any tension .
I think it 's a bit of a joke , " he said .
" I think it 's pretty funny - they 're putting a good show on .
It 's a bit of a laugh . "
And he does n't think the Lebanese pick on Indians .
" Just because there 's one bad person , like that might have done something wrong to them , does n't give them the right to cause all this riot for everyone else , " he said .
" Like , there 's old people that live here as well , there 's residents .
I think it 's pretty stupid . "
The economic slowdown has meant less money to spend A UN report says hunger in South Asia has reached its highest level in 40 years because of food and fuel price rises and the global economic downturn .
The report by the UN children 's fund , Unicef , says that 100 million more people in the region are going hungry compared with two years ago .
It names the worst affected areas as Nepal , Bangladesh and Pakistan .
The report says South Asia 's governments need to urgently increase social spending to meet the challenge .
It says that climate change and urbanisation also need tackling .
Poverty trap According to the World Bank , three quarters of the population in South Asia - almost 1.2 billion people - live on less than $ 2 ( £ 1.2 ) a day .
And more than 400 m people in the region are now chronically hungry .
The report focused on the impact the economic crisis had on women and children , saying they are the people most vulnerable during a downturn .
" We are on the verge of a crisis , " Aniruddha Bonnerjee , a Unicef consultant said .
The report cites a number of factors for and symptoms of the sharp rise in people living in hunger and poverty :
Declining wages at home A drop in remittances from abroad Poor women often go without food to feed their families Children can be pulled out of school and sent to work High prices have forced people to borrow money at high interest Income is spent on food but not on other essentials ' Worst affected ' Millions of South Asian people live on less than $ 2 a day Nepal , Bangladesh and Pakistan are the worst affected but even the region 's economic giant , India , has suffered because of job losses and lower remittances from Indians living abroad .
Unicef says the region 's governments need to increase spending on food , health care and education to alleviate the crisis .
But it acknowledges that the economic slowdown means there is less money to spend .
It said that it was important for the two biggest countries in South Asia , India and Pakistan , to reduce their defence budgets to allow for increased social spending .
Governments of the region can also use fiscal stimulus programmes and aid from abroad to expand the provision of basic social services in fields like health and education , it says , while funding training programmes - especially for young people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here 's how desperate Republicans are to find a winning issue : conservatives from Newt Gingrich to Glenn Beck to the rest of Fox News all bet against the Obama administration 's ability to rescue Richard Phillips , the American ship captain who was taken hostage by Somali pirates last Wednesday .
They must have thought that a tragic ending to the crisis would have been a political opportunity , so they pre-positioned themselves to take full advantage .
Except their plan went up in smoke when Navy SEALs -- acting on orders from President Obama -- rescued the captain , killing three pirates in the process .
The loons will certainly deny that they ever made a political bet against the U.S. , but they can't run from the video proof :
Links : Digg | Reddit | Twitter | DKTV
h/t : Daily Kos diarist JCWilmore for the title of this video .
African tragedies , observed Ugandan scholar and Columbia University professor Mahmood Mamdani in a March 20 presentation at Howard University , usually occur in the dead of night , outside the sight , concern or hearing of the Western public .
The exception to this , he noted , has been Darfur .
No armchair observer , Mamdani has traveled and worked extensively in Darfur as a consultant to the African Union in its attempts to peacefully resolve the conflict there .
Mamdani called Save Darfur “ the most successful piece of single issue organizing since the Vietnam era antiwar movement , really more successful than the antiwar movement . ”
But Save Darfur , with slogans like “ boots on the ground , ” “ out of Iraq , into Darfur ” and persistent demands for the creation of “ no fly zones ” is far from being an antiwar movement .
As Black Agenda Report ( BAR ) pointed in a 2007 article , “ Ten Reasons Why ‘ Save Darfur ’ is a PR Scam to Justify the Next US Oil and Resource Wars in Africa , ” Save Darfur is no grassroots movement either .
The backers and founders of the ‘ Save Darfur ’ movement are the well - connected and well - funded U.S. foreign policy elite .
According to a copyrighted Washington
Post story this summer ,
The “ Save Darfur ( Coalition ) was created in 2005 by two groups concerned about genocide in the African country — the American Jewish World Service and the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . . .
The coalition has a staff of 30 with expertise in policy and public relations .
Its budget was about $ 15 million in the most recent fiscal year . . .
‘ Save Darfur will not say exactly how much it has spent on its ads , which this week have attempted to shame China , host of the 2008 Olympics , into easing its support for Sudan .
But a coalition spokeswoman said the amount is in the millions of dollars . ’
Though the “ Save Darfur ” PR campaign employs viral marketing techniques , reaching out to college students , even to black bloggers , it is not a grassroots affair , as were the movement against apartheid and in support of African liberation movements in South Africa , Namibia , Angola and Mozambique a generation ago .
Top heavy with evangelical Christians who preach the coming war for the end of the world , and with elements known for their uncritical support of Israeli rejectionism in the Middle East , the Save Darfur movement is clearly an establishment affair , a propaganda campaign that spends millions of dollars each month to manufacture consent for US military intervention in Africa under the cloak of stopping or preventing genocide .
None of the funds raised by the “ Save Darfur Coalition ” , the flagship of the “ Save Darfur Movement ” go to help needy Africans on the ground in Darfur , according to 2008 stories in both the Washington Post and the New York Times .
The Appeal of Save Darfur to US Audiences
Mamdani explained the unique appeal of the Save Darfur Movement to US audiences by noting that unlike US responsibility for the one million Iraqi dead over the last six years , the Save Darfur Movement does not demand that we understand Darfur ’s history , ethnography , or the complexities of the current conflict there , or acknowledge any culpability of our own .
Unlike the killings in Iraq , Save Darfur does not demand that Americans respond as citizens , with a need to account for responsibilities and actions , but merely as human beings with a need to feel powerful and justified .
Save Darfur , Mamdani argued , has de-historicized and de-politicized the conflict for its American audience , presenting them with a simple morality play in which they can be the heroes .
Everybody wants to be a hero .
Nobody wants to be a citizen .
And what could be more heroically self - justifying and self - affirming than intervening on the side of the angels in the picture of straight - up racial conflict presented to us by the Save Darfur Movement ?
The trouble is , it ’s an utterly false picture .
The historic and present uses and definitions of race in America are not nearly the same as those in Africa .
Most of Darfur ’s janjaweed who committed atrocities against civilians in Darfur are as black as those they murdered , and just as indigenous .
The prosecutors at the International Criminal Court who recently indicted the Sudanese president are accountable only to the wealthy nations of the UN Security Council , not to anybody on the African continent .
And the casualty figures thrown out by Save Darfur are wildly inflated .
Darfuri Casualties Inflated by Save Darfur and US Authorities
Professor Mamdani noted that in response to a request from members of Congress , GAO , the independent US government agency whose job it is to monitor the accuracy of information disseminated by other organs of government assessed the widely varying casualty figures coming out of Darfur in 2006 .
2004 -2006 was the time when the atrocities in Darfur were at their height .
They took the low - end figures of 50 to 70 thousand dead , which came from the World Health Organization , and the much higher ones of 200 to 400 thousand coming from people affiliated with Save Darfur , and submitted them to the National Academy of Sciences .
The scientists told GAO that the lower figures were more accurate , and those were used in its 2006 assessment of the Darfur situation .
The State Department however , produced reports with two different sets of casualty figures , low numbers for the use of its policymakers , and the higher ones produced by Save Darfur and its allies for public consumption .
To this day , Mamdani contended , the US public is being fed grossly inflated on Darfuri casualties .
He recounted a briefing he attended where the commander of the African Union ’s forces reported 1,500 deaths in Darfur in all of 2008 , as many as Save Darfur and the US government claim are dying every month .
Comparing Darfur and the Congo , Fake vs Real Genocides
Nobody disputes that there is a bipartisan military industrial complex in the US , which creates the “ facts ” it requires to justify interventions around the world .
The Save Darfur coalition , comprising as it does figures who trace their activism to the Freedom Movement like Congressman John Lewis , along with the compatriots of the late Jerry Falwell , would not hold on any other issue under the sun .
It is a creation of the bipartisan foreign policy establishment , which urgently needs “ humanitarian ” cover for its imperial ambitions to control Africa ’s oil and other resources .
The blatant hypocrisy of the Save Darfur Movement is most evident when one compares the manufactured concern over 50 to 70 thousand dead in Darfur to the ink and air devoted to five million dead in neighboring Congo .
But using professor Mamdani ’s yardstick , it ’s not hard to understand .
Intervening in Darfur makes us heroes .
But in the Congo , proxies of the US and the West have been instigated the invasion and depopulation and plundering of the whole of Eastern Congo .
There is a lake of oil beneath Sudan , much of it in Darfur .
But the Chinese are pumping that oil , not Chevron or BP or Exxon .
To return to our own 2007 article on the Save Darfur movement ”
The selective and cynical application of the term “ genocide ” to Sudan , rather than to the Congo where ten to twenty times as many Africans have been murdered reveals the depth of hypocrisy around the “ Save Darfur ” movement .
In the Congo , where local gangsters , mercenaries and warlords along with invading armies from Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , Angola engage in slaughter , mass rape and regional depopulation on a scale that dwarfs anything happening in Sudan , all the players eagerly compete to guarantee that the extraction of vital coltan for Western computers and cell phones , the export of uranium for Western reactors and nukes , along with diamonds , gold , copper , timber and other Congolese resources continue undisturbed .
Former UN Ambassador Andrew Young and George H.W. Bush both serve on the board of Barrcik Gold , one of the largest and most active mining concerns in war - torn Congo .
Evidently , with profits from the brutal extraction of Congolese wealth flowing to the West , there can be no Congolese “ genocide ” worth noting , much less interfering with .
For their purposes , U.S. strategic planners may regard their Congolese model as the ideal means of capturing African wealth at minimal cost without the bother of official U.S. boots on the ground .
Responding to the very real genocide in the Congo would require ordinary Americans to think like citizens rather then heroic self - affirmers .
But that ’s a hard sell .
We can only hope that the members of the Congressional Black Caucus and other members of Congress who last month lent their credibility to the Save Darfur people can get over their self affirming “ heroism ” and begin to meet Dr. Mamdani ’s challenge : to act like citizens and the leaders of citizens , to do the homework , to help others do the homework and to face up to our responsibilities for real genocide in the Congo , and prolonging the war in Sudan .
It ’s not too late .
way too realistic
Sure , a few still photos of the sushi- making Chef Robot now on display at the International Food Machinery and Technology Exhibition in Tokyo are all well and good , but there 's nothing quite like a high def video to really bring all that creepiness home , and one has now surfaced courtesy of the brave folks at DigInfo .
In case you missed it , the robot itself is actually just a standard issue FANUC M - 430iA robot arm with ahand attached to it , which apparently not only helps it prepare sushi , but some tasty desserts as well .
Head on past the break for the must - see video , you 've nothing to lose but your ability to unsee it .
Lloyds and the Treasury were locked in tense negotiations tonight as the banking group tried to prevent the government from taking a majority stake .
The Lloyds board met throughout the day to discuss the terms offered by the Treasury to convert £ 4bn of preference shares into ordinary shares and insure up to £ 260bn of its most troublesome assets – a move that could increase the taxpayer 's stake to between 60 % and 70 % .
In a day of frenzied speculation about the delay to agreeing terms , there were rumours that the entire board was prepared to resign because of the creeping control of the taxpayer .
Most of the pressure was on Sir Victor Blank , the chairman , who brokered the rescue takeover of HBOS last year with the approval of Gordon Brown .
Eric Daniels , the chief executive , was also feeling the heat after admitting that Lloyds had conducted between three and five times less due diligence when deciding the terms of the HBOS takeover last year .
Daniels is known to have been resisting running the bank with a taxpayer stake above 50 % .
The government 's shareholding is currently 43 % as a result of £ 17bn of public funds being injected into the enlarged bank as a result of last October 's bailout .
Since the bailout at the height of the banking crisis , the extent of the problems inside HBOS have been worse than expected .
Last week Lloyds admitted HBOS had made £ 10.8 bn of losses because of ­problems with corporate loans .
Daniels has been vocal in his dislike about the terms of the preference shares attached to the bailout , which carry an interest rate of 12 % and an annual bill for the bank of £ 480 m each year .
Converting the preference shares into ordinary shares would cut the interest rate but allow the taxpayer 's influence to rise .
It is thought that Lloyds was arguing the preference shares be converted into new B shares , that carry no voting rights and therefore keep the taxpayer 's influence below 50 % .
Despite expectations an agreement would be reached by late , today the news services through which stockmarket - listed companies must issue information closed for the weekend without any agreement being announced .
Lloyds shares had risen 4 % to 42 p on earlier hopes that the board would agree terms .
It is understood that Lloyds is ­concerned about the impact of wider taxpayer control on its existing shareholders – particularly the 3 million private investors who own shares in the combined bank .
This is the largest number of private investors on any company 's shareholder register and the result of the flotation of Halifax a decade ago when its members were offered free shares in the former building society .
Under the terms offered by the Treasury , the taxpayer stake could raise to 60 % if the £ 4bn of preference shares are converted into ordinary shares .
The economic interest of the taxpayer – but not necessarily influence – could rise to 70 % under the terms offered for insurance of up to £ 260bn of toxic assets , largely stacked up by HBOS .
Lord Mandelson , business secretary , said the talks were tricky .
" Obviously when you 're making a change like this , introducing new measures or ­instruments to enable the banks to recover , it involves a negotiation about the terms , the pricing and all sorts of ­conditions that are attached and that involves a fairly difficult , tough negotiation between the government and the banks , " he told Sky News .
As well as having to reluctantly accept more taxpayer influence over the bank , Lloyds will have to agree to targets to step up lending this year and next as well as terms to the way it pays its staff throughout the organisation , from branch - based staff to bankers offering loans to major companies .
Royal Bank of Scotland was the guinea pig for the so - called asset protection scheme and has admitted the taxpayer could end up with an economic interest of 95 % but voting rights of no more than 75 % for the price of participating in the insurance arrangement .
The terms being offered to Lloyds are thought to be more stringent because of the quality of the assets being insured .
Bloodfire Twilight : Originally used ( and playtested ) with a group of guys in a campaign that was post - apocalyptic , incorporating elements of shadowrun , road warrior and zombie apocalypse games / films , so it 's really built to handle that kind of scenario .
I 've also used it to run purely fantasy and purely sci-fi / cyberpunk RPG campaigns , with the only tweak being that the " previous occupation " bar was used for class .
This sheet works great with the BP system D&D modification used by my primary gaming group , giving you plenty of room for proficiencies , languages and skills .
Another thing that seems to be popular about it is that it 's minimalist approach puts everything right up front where it 's easy to see and easy to get at .
Players using this sheet do n't forget what spells or abilities they have lost in the sheets , what magical items , keys , etc . they might be carrying , because it 's all right there .
And if you really do end up needing more room , this sheet leaves the entire backside blank for whatever you need to put in there ( contacts , notes , maps , etc . )
The fact is , there 's really just something to be said for a cool looking sheet that lends itself to simplicity , availability , and ease of use .
With the Bloodfire Twilight D&D sheet in your game , your players can focus more on playing and less on searching or struggling through something they could have avoided if someone had just had that timeless " ah ha ! " moment and remembered the obvious shortcut you , as the GM or DM , handed them outright at some prior point in the game .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Overflow is usually caused by a “ stuck - open ” fill valve , and the cold water half of the valve is usually the culprit .
This can also be caused by the fill system control components : pressure switch , pressure tube , or pressure tube dome / port .
So let ’s take a look at these .
First of all , determine whether your overflow condition is mechanical or electrical .
Start the washer filling , then turn the timer off by pushing the knob in .
If the fill continues , pull the washer plug .
If filling continues with the washer unplugged , you have a mechanical problem - nearly always a stuck valve ass’y .
Replace the fill valve .
If however , the fill stops when you unplug the machine , you are looking at an electrical fill control problem , and it gets a little more complicated .
Here a small piece of rubber or plastic tubing is handy .
Unplug the washer and open the console where you ’ll see the pressure switch .
This is the switch with a small rubber tube , usually clear , sometimes black , attached .
Pull this tube off and replace it with your short tubing .
Blow a bit of pressure into the switch using your mouth , and listen for a click , then another when you release the pressure .
Hear two clicks ?
Good !
The switch is probably OK , but we ’re having fun , so let ’s continue !
Plug the washer back in ( being aware that components in the console are now ‘ hot ’ - you 've read my disclaimer , right ? ) , and start the washer filling again .
With it filling , again blow a bit of pressure into the switch .
If the switch is good , the fill should stop and the machine should start to agitate .
This verifies that the pressure switch is working , and causes us to suspect the pressure tubing or a clogged port / dome to which it connects .
Wipe off the end of the original tube you removed from the switch , and blow into it .
You ’re blowing air down into the tank now , and you should feel very little restriction .
If it is very hard or impossible to blow through this tube , the tank dome or port is clogged .
Older Maytags are known for this , and if you have one , spin out all water , remove the ‘ Corbin ’ clamp from the pressure tube outside of the tank and pull the tube off .
( Pull washer front off – 2 Phillips screws at bottom , then two 3/8 in .
hex screws release top , which swings upward )
You will probably see ‘ gunk ’ clogging both the rubber tubing and the ‘ spud ’ that is a part of the tank .
The hose ass'y can be taken to a sink and flushed clean with hot water , and an old toothbrush used to clear the tank spud , which , in the Maytags , is about 3 / 4 in .
ID .
If your washer is a newer Whirlpool product ( Whirlpool , Estate , Kenmore , Kitchenaid , Roper ) with the plastic tank , these too are known for clogging , but are tougher to clear .
They ’re best cleaned from the inside , which means pulling the cabinet and tub .
Not beyond the reach of the handyman , this job does require a special spanner wrench to remove the tub nut , as well as the removal of some other components .
I ’d probably recommend this one as a job for the pro .
An experienced tech will have seen this before and be in and out in an hour or less .
The tank port on these washers is too small - only about 3/8 in .
diameter , and hard to clean , even from the inside .
Here ’s yet another job for the trusty wetvac .
We are hopeful that Whirlpool will soon enlarge or baffle these ports to correct this problem - one of very few ‘ glitches ’ these excellent machines have .
Whatever your brand , if air ca n’t be blown back through this tube , the port or dome will need cleaning .
If you have no trouble blowing pressure through it remove the tube completely and inspect it carefully .
This tube must not have the smallest hole in it , and we sometimes see them worn through or , more often , chewed through by mice .
I mention this last because , while it is the least common cause of overflow I see , it does happen and is easily overlooked .
We run into this a couple of times each year , usually in the Fall when the mice are looking for a warm winter home .
Also uncommon , sometimes this tube will swell and loosen a bit , leaking air where it attaches to the tank fitting .
If you suspect this , or the tube fits very loosely , simply cut 3 / 4 ” or so off the end and push it back on .
One last comment on this concerns some newer Frigidaire 27 ” ( wide ) machines .
These use a piece of tape (! ) to secure the pressure tube to the outside of the tank .
This tape has to be there ( do n’t ask me how I know ! ) or the tube will pull off while spinning , causing flooding .
If it has come off , or was removed for service , be sure to replace it .
Duct tape will work well ; just be sure to clean the tank before attaching to be sure it stays put .
Naptha ( lighter fluid ) will do this well .
Wachovia has boosted Wells Fargo 's profits
US bank Wells Fargo has surprised investors by bucking the recession , saying it expects a record net profit .
The bank said profit will be $ 3bn in the first quarter , thanks to better - than - expected results at newly - acquired lender Wachovia .
Wells Fargo bought Wachovia , which was the fourth - largest US bank , after it almost collapsed last year .
" Wachovia 's outstanding franchise has proven to be everything we thought it would , " the bank said .
Wachovia merger
The bank said it expected revenue of $ 20bn for the quarter , translating into " another quarter of double - digit revenue growth " of 16 % .
Banking giant Citigroup had initially tried to block the merger between Wachovia and Wells Fargo .
But the US Federal Reserve approved Wells Fargo's $ 12bn takeover after its all - stock offer .
Wells Fargo 's results are set to include $ 372 m in dividend payments to the US Treasury , which took a stake in many banks in exchange for a cash injection .
US financier Warren Buffett has a stake in Wells Fargo through his holding company , Berkshire Hathaway , which has lost its top credit rating from Moody's .
Bank shares
Wells Fargo 's announcement is the latest in a line of positive statements from banks such as Citigroup , Bank of America and Deutsche Bank about their performances in 2009 .
Shares in the bank surged 32 % by the end of trading on Wall Street .
Its shares led US banking stocks higher and helped to push the broader Dow Jones average of US stocks up 2.3 % .
Bank of America shares gained 20.7 % , Citigroup rose 8.5 % and JP Morgan climbed 11.4 % .
OptionsHouse Review w. 500 + User Reviews
OptionsHouse , OptionsThis and OptionsThat .
So many options brokerage houses which means confusing choices for us all .
Other than having OptionsHouse promotion codes ( see below for them ) , how does this broker get you to remember them ?
How about $ 4.95 per stock trade to start ?
OptionsHouse is offering new customers up to $ 1,000 in free commission trades in the first 60 days after you fund your account with a minimum of $ 5,000 .
That ’s a lot of free money .
This is only available through the special link below so do n’t use another other one on the page :
For a limited time , in the first 60 days after you fund your account with a minimum of $ 5,000 .
That ’s a lot of free money .
This is only available through the special link below so do n’t use another other one on the page : Click Here to Sign up for an OptionsHouse AccountThe Offer Code is : 1000 and you may have to type the promotion code in to be eligible .
There are also other Optionshouse Promotions below , so check it out after you read the review .
Fees Come First
That ’s not a typo .
Over at OptionsHouse , stock trades are just $ 4.95 no matter what .
When a company can make money with rates like this , it really makes you wonder how much money other premium stock brokers are making off of us .
Recently , OptionsHouse updated its options commission structure .
The trades are now $ 4.95 + $ 0.50 per contract .
If you are one of those people who just want to buy yourself some protection , you are very happy with this change .
Other Fees ?
Here ’s some of the other fees of the options broker .
Exactly what I like to see .
No maintenance fees , no minimum trade requirements , and if I ever want help , broker - assisted trades are $ 25 .
OptionsHouse Interface
Upon looking into the account , I found that the interface is very much like the professional trading platforms of the higher end brokers for professional traders .
Within the main screen , you can see an account summary , quote look up , order statuses , positions , and detailed information on particular securities .
Webinars and Seminars
I ’ve begun to really love the education that these brokers provide and OptionsHouse is no exception .
It ’s obvious that the company ’s expertise is in options trading because all the webinars are concentrated in that area but I expect it to expand to stock trading and other subjects in the future .
Do n’t Underestimate
Them
While many of you may not have heard about this brokerage firm , they seem to have their act together .
In fact , Barron ’s Online Broker Survey ranked them highly in trade experience , beating out the likes of thinkorswim , optionsXpress , E*Trade and Charles Schwab .
Conclusion
OptionsHouse really gets my blood flowing because of its extremely low trading fees .
Is it SIPC insured ?
Check .
Is there good word out there ?
Another check .
Changing brokers is really a hassle though , but like others , they are willing to reimburse me for up to $ 100 , which is enough to move from pretty much any institution .
Hmm … decisions decisions decisions .
As for you , there ’s really no right answer , but I ’d say that $ 3.95 stock trades is reason enough for you to at least give it a test run .
Click Here to Sign Up for an OptionsHouse Account
OptionsHouse Promotion Code
Here are the current promotions for this broker .
When you sign up , type in the promo codes as shown below .
Resources : OptionsHouse – Official Site
Who is OptionsHouse Anyway ?
To be honest , one of the first reaction I had when someone told me about OptionsHouse was : “ Who ? ” I then went to do a little research and here ’s what I found out :
OptionsHouse is really OptionsHouse , LLC and is owned by PEAK6 Investments , L.P.
The company ’s headquarters is in Chicago , the home of the Chicago Board of Trade .
The parent company have been in the options and derivative trading business for years , and is actually one of Chicago ’s 101 best and brightest companies to work for .
Before you take the plunge though , make sure you read up on the issues other people are having before you sign up with them .
A few love OptionsHouse , while other reviewers do n’t .
Take your whole test drive to get a realistic feel for how the broker will work for you , but take note of your peer ’s experiences first .
The shoes shown here are the tamest selections from chocolatier Theobroma Cacao 's Erotique collection .
The collection is made from Venezuelan chocolate ( with a cocoa solid percentage of 70 % ) stuffed with treats such as strawberry or Champagne ganache and gilded with edible 22 carat gold highlights .
There are eleven items in the Erotique Collection that include sculptural recreations of the human form and shoes .
Each gift is beautifully presented in a brown and silver gift box and the chocolates are wrapped in lilac Christian Dior silk .
Ethiopia - Ark of the Covenant Not To Be Revealed After All
If initial reports were to be believed , the patriarch of the Orthodox Church of Ethiopia would have unveiled the Ark of the Covenant by now .
Friday June 26 , is almost over in Ethiopia .
According to one blogger 's account , it appears there is some misunderstanding between what was first reported in Italian and later translated to English .
It appears that , adnkronos , the Italian paper that first reported the news , run a clarification in Italian , which you can read here .
Here is what Abuna Pauolos has said as reported in adnkronos
" Non sono qui per dare delle prove che l ’Arca sia in Etiopia , ma sono qui per dire quello che ho visto , quello che so e che posso testimoniare .
Non ho detto che l’Arca sarà mostrata al mondo .
E’ un mistero , un oggetto di culto . "
Translation courtesy of Google as follow .
Another translation of the above statement is also posted here
" I am not here to give evidence that the Ark is in Ethiopia , but I am here to say what I saw , what I know and I can testify .
I did not say that the Ark will be shown to the world .
E 'a mystery , an object of worship . "
via Google Translation
Another translation " I am not here to give proofs that the Ark is in Ethiopia , but I am here to say what I saw , what I know and I can attest to .
I did n't say that the Ark would be revealed to the world .
It is a mystery , an object of veneration . "
Translation from freerepublic.com
Another interesting read is from Baltimore 's Examiner , you can read it here .
The story has generated huge interest in cyberspace which caused nazret 's server to crash several times , we had a huge traffic spike that crippled our server in the past 24 hours .
So there you have it , The Ark of the Covenant will NOT be revealed .
Now the other story , perhaps of interest to Ethiopians is , did Abune Paouls really see the Ark of the Covenant ?
Or is that a misunderstanding as well ?
I 'm a terrible decorator .
If it were up to me , the house would have my college - era Matisse red - fish - in - the - bowl poster and some off - blue throw pillows .
So I 'm sympathetic to the notion that skills , and tastes , in home decoration vary wildly .
Still , some decoration choices inspire comment .
Take , for instance , the decorating choices in a large house on Lake Avenue in a nice town in Connecticut , pictured ( at least for now ) here and here and here .
There are some pictures below the the jump below .
Do n't make fun of them , or attorney Brendan J. O'Rourke of New Canaan , Connecticut may threaten to sue you .
See , some people think the decorating choices in this fine house on Lake Avenue are worthy of critique , and possibly even of vivid ridicule .
Consider these :
Those are pictures , by the way , that the owners of the house — who are trying to sell it — arranged to be posted on the internet to advertise it .
When the Hooked on Houses blog featured it — not to make fun of it , but as a quirky and interesting house — some of the resulting comments were jibes at the decor .
The same happened when Blogger Christopher Fountain talked about the house .
He drew comments like this :
And what ’s wrong with clown - themed decor ?
Appeals to both sellers and any possible buyers
Such is life on the internet , as anyone who has spent more than five minutes on the internet knows .
The internet is where people , freed by distance and anonymity , write what a substantial percentage of people who have ever visited the house on Lake Avenue have been thinking : " holy shit , this decoration looks like something out of a crazy person 's tequila nightmare . "
So no harm , no foul , right ?
Someone posted pictures of their house on the internet to sell it , other people made fun of the pictures .
That 's life on the internet .
That 's life in a society with free expression .
Oops , send in the lawyers .
Attorney Brendan J. O'Rourke of O'Rourke & Associates sent a threatening letter to blogger Fountain objecting to the comments made about the house on Lake Avenue .
In case the letter gets taken down , I 've hosted it here .
Here 's the heart of it :
We are in the process of evaluating various causes of action that our clients have by reason of the contents of your website and the statements you have made therein concerning the premises .
We are also evaluating your conduct in the context of your status of an attorney and real estate broker , both of which professional positions create duties and obligations concerning how you conduct yourself and communicate with the public .
My clients are attempting to sell their property at what is known to be a difficult time and your website and related comments constitute an attempt to interfere with the sale of the property .
As such we request that you withdraw from your website all material pertaining to the above premises .
Failing to do that , we will take all appropriate action .
Let 's cut to the chase — this is a loathsome , petty , thuggish threat , but also a rather transparent one .
Consider :
1. Brendan J. O'Rourke carefully avoids specifying exactly what statement on Fountain 's site is objectionable , and exactly how , which any competent attorney would do in any genuine cease - and - desist letter — as opposed to a thuggish bluff .
2. Brendan J. O'Rourke carefully avoids specifying exactly what rule of conduct for lawyers or real estate brokers Fountain has allegedly broken , as any competent attorney would in any genuine cease - and - desist letter directed at conduct that violated some rule or law the attorney could articulate .
3. Brendan J. O'Rourke speaks of " evaluating various causes of action . "
A genuine cease - and - desist letter by a competent attorney will specify particular causes of action .
Failing to specify one almost always means if I specify one I will look like an ass because it will be transparently bogus , so I will bluff .
4. Brendan J. O'Rourke 's central premise is spectacularly fatuous .
I 'd like him to explain this to me : what class of potential house - buyer would refrain from buying the house based on comments on a web site making fun of the decor , but would still have bought it if they had seen the decor in person ?
Perhaps Mr. O'Rourke is familiar with a class of homebuyers who make choices based on comments they read on obscure blogs like Mr. Fountain 's or mine .
This is most likely a bluff .
We have no basis to believe that Mr. O'Rourke would actually sue Mr. Fountain based on the blog comments — such a suit would be profoundly frivolous .
Regrettably Connecticut does not have an anti-SLAPP statute , so it might be difficult to recover fees if Mr. O'Rourke did , but I seriously doubt Mr. O'Rourke would be that foolhardy .
Aside from the First Amendment and Section 230 , he 'd face a wide array of proof problems .
Rather , it appears likely that Mr. O'Rourke — like so many lawyers who send vaguely threatening letters to web sites — figured that he could intimidate Mr. Fountain .
That attempt appears to have been unsuccessful .
More importantly , it was remarkably foolhardy .
Anyone with ever a passing familiarity with the internet and blog culture would have realized that the probable impact of this vaguely threatening letter would be to more widely publicize the criticisms of his clients ' home .
That 's exactly what has happened .
O'Rourke 's threatening letter was posted and commented on — as many such letters are — and then big - time blogger Walter Olson of Overlawyered picked it up , which is where I saw it .
Such letters are widely regarded by people who have seen them as thuggish at worst and hilarious at best , and sending one often results in the content it complains of getting more attention — often by orders of magnitude — than it otherwise would have .
If the content of Mr. Fountain 's blog is actually harmful to his clients ' chances of selling the home on Lake Avenue , Mr. O'Rourke has guaranteed that harm will be far more widespread than it otherwise would have been .
What goes through the mind of a lawyer who sends such a letter ?
Perhaps Mr. O'Rourke is not sufficiently familiar with internet culture to recognize this probable result .
Perhaps he gambled — foolishly — that his letter would intimidate Fountain into silence .
Perhaps he will let us know .
Perhaps he regrets it already .
[ Note that I have not named the sellers of the home .
They are only guilty of having eccentric decorating taste and of receiving bad legal advice . ]
Last 5 posts by Ken White
[ / caption ]
For the first time in spaceflight history , a satellite has used mobile phone technology to radio back to Earth .
The Herschel spacecraft – which launched on May 14 , called home two days later using the same technology used in GSM mobile phone networks to send test data to ESA ’s deep space tracking station .
“ Herschel ’s 1.5 - Mbps test transmission – roughly the same data rate provided by a home broadband Internet connection – was picked up at ESA ’s ESTRACK station at New Norcia , Australia , on Saturday , as the satellite was travelling some 280 000 km from Earth , ” said John Dodsworth , the Herschel - Planck Flight Operations Director .
This marks the first - ever use of Gaussian Minimum Shift Keying ( GMSK ) modulation in space .
GMSK is commonly used in Global System for mobile Communication ( GSM ) mobile phone networks due to its very efficient use of bandwidth and power .
In a typical GSM mobile phone network , the same technology transmits data at a somewhat lower speed .
The Planck spacecraft that was launched along with Herschel also uses GMSK technology , and its transmission capability will be tested later during the satellite ’s commissioning phase .
During their missions , the GMSK - based radio links will be used by both spacecraft to transfer data gathered by their scientific instruments and on - board subsystems , providing information on flight status and overall health .
The development was driven by the need to use bandwidth more efficiently in view of the growing number of ESA missions that require X - band communications via the Agency ’s deep space ground stations .
The GSM standard is the most popular modulation standard for mobile phone networks in the world .
According to the GSM Association , terrestrial GSM networks now cover more than 80 % of the world ’s population in more than 212 countries and territories – and will soon extend 1.5 million kms further to L2 , Herschel and Plank ’s final orbital destination .
Source : ESA
There are several ways to wear your camera strap , you can wear it on your neck in what I ’d love to call “ The Lunchbox Carry ” ; you can wear it on your shoulder in a “ Lazyman Hang ” or you can wear it across your body , like soldiers are wearing their weapons in a “ Weapon Cross ” .
Which one is your favorite ?
Now , each of these hangs can be rated on three factors :
How fast does it take you to bring the camera into a nice shooting position ?
How comfortable is it ?
How safe is it to your camera ?
The Lunchbox Carry
Lunchbox is by far the fastest way to move from hang to shoot .
You just move the camera a few inches up , and you are good to go .
It is also pretty safe – the chances of the camera falling from your neck are slim .
But … .
Try to wear your camera around your neck for a day .
Your neck will not thank you .
The Lazyman ’s Hang
The Lazyman ’s hang is more comfortable and will allow you move the camera close to your eye fast enough ( though not as fast as the lunchbox ) .
It is not the most ergonomic and comfortable way to lag a camera , but it is more comfortable than the Lunchbox Carry , but still not the best way to lag a camera around .
Now lets discus safety , the Lazyman ’s Hang is not safe .
Just the constant worry about your gear will wear you out .
The Weapon ’s Cross
I called it the weapon ’s Cross cuz this is how soldiers carry their weapons – across the chest .
This is a very safe way to carry your camera .
It is also very comfy .
( OK , if you carry a Mark II ’s with a 70 - 200 lens , nothing is comfy , but for all other uses it will work just fine ) .
The thing about this type of carry is that it is not really easy to get the camera close to your eye to take a photo .
Hee Soo Shin sent me a note about a DIY version of the R - Strap – it looks fun and easy to use .
It looks comfy , safe and a fast draw .
Here is a short video to get you acquainted with the system .
If you ’ve used one of those , I ’d love to hear what you thought if it .
So , the R - Strap looks like a nice solution , but who wants to pay 50 bucks for a camera strap you can make for nearly free !!!
Here is a quick R - Strap recipe by Hee Soo Shin :
1 . Take a strap from a messenger bag .
You can take one from a bag you no longer use , or buy a new one for close to nothing at goodwill .
2 . For this hack , Hee Soo , took one of the quick connects by Bogen tripod , but you can also use a 3/ 4 bolt with an extension .
Or ,
you can use an L bracket from the bottom part of a cactus v2s receiver mount .
And if you ’ve gone through the trouble of attaching a bolt or a bracket , you might as well use make it a tripod as well .
3 . Use a buckle to fasten the two ends of the strap together …
4 . For shoulder pad , you can use what ever came with the messenger bag strap , or use a shoulder strap pad from a guitar store ( 7 bucks ) )
Voila … DIY R- strap .. it ’s super comfortable and the great part is at weddings when you have to have 2 camera ’s with flashunit in the hotshoe it ’s totally out of your way and you do n’t have 2 flash units sticking up at you .
( Anonymous Coward , thanks for all the typo fixes , where would I be without you :)
Related :
A Taiwanese Blu - Ray disc drive manufacturer was recently quoted as saying that the price of Blu - Ray players ( at which the current manufacturing price is around $ 100 USD ) will go down drastically at some point next year .
They estimate that the high - definition players could drop upwards of 50 % in price .
This is due in large part to competition , the manufacturer stated .
With this steep drop in production , this bodes well for consumers at retail .
[ Source ]
( CNN ) -- Fourteen thoroughbred horses dropped dead in a mysterious scene Sunday before a polo match near West Palm Beach , Florida , officials said .
Teams are trying to figure out what happened at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Florida .
State and local veterinary teams are trying to figure out what happened at the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Wellington , Florida , as team Lechuza Caracas prepared to compete in a U.S. Open match .
Two horses initially collapsed , and as vets and team officials scrambled to revive them , five others became dizzy , said Tim O'Connor , spokesman for the polo club .
" A total of seven died on our property , " O'Connor told CNN .
Seven other horses died en route to a Wellington horse farm and a veterinary hospital .
The cause of the deaths has not been determined , and necropsies and blood tests were underway , he said .
O'Connor said each team brings between 40 to 60 horses for matches , and they are continuously switched out throughout a match to keep the horses from overexerting themselves .
A meeting will be held to determine whether Lechuza Caracas will compete at a later date , he said .
" Everybody is kind of in shock and trying to figure out what happened , " he said .
" Nobody can recall an incident in which this many horses have died at once . "
CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .
All About Florida
In India , China and sub-Saharan Africa , millions upon millions of women are missing .
They are not lost , but dead : victims of violence , discrimination and neglect .
A University of British Columbia economist is amongst those trying to find them – not the women themselves , who are long gone , but their numbers and ages , which paint a sad and startling picture of gender discrimination in the developing world .
The term " missing women " was coined in 1990 , when Indian economist Amartya Sen calculated a shocking figure .
In parts of Asia and Africa , he wrote in The New York Review of Books , 100 million women who should be alive are not , because of unequal access to medical care , food and social services .
These are excess deaths : women " missing " above and beyond natural mortality rates , compared to their male counterparts .
Women who are dead because their lives were undervalued .
Around the world boys outnumber girls at birth , but in countries where women and men receive equal care , women have proved hardier and more resistant to disease , and thus live longer .
In most of Asia and North Africa , however , Sen found that women die with startlingly higher frequency .
His research began a flutter of activity in academic circles and by 2005 , the United Nations produced a much higher estimate for how many women could be " missing " : 200 million .
From her office at the University of British Columbia , economics professor Siwan Anderson has been crunching numbers to try and understand why so many women are dying .
" If you 're interested in gender discrimination , it 's really one of the starkest measures of discrimination , because it 's women who should be alive , but are n't , " she says .
The 40 - year - old researcher recently co-authored a paper with New York University 's Debraj Ray , focusing on figures from China , India and sub-Saharan Africa for the year 2000 .
What they discovered flew in the face of existing literature and commonly held beliefs about the missing women phenomenon .
" Previously , people had thought that they ( the missing women ) were all at the very early stages of life , prenatal or just after , so before four years old , " Anderson says .
" But what we found is that the majority are actually later . "
Female infanticide has been endemic in India and China for some time , which she says led researchers to assume that it was the source of all the missing women .
But the truth is much more complicated .
Once she and Ray broke down the numbers by age group , they found that the majority of excess female deaths came later in life : 66 per cent in India , 55 per cent in China and 83 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa .
One of their colleagues in the economics department at the University of British Columbia says this finding is striking , and points the way for future research and advocacy .
" Why would there be excess mortality of , let 's say , 45 - year - old women versus 45 - year - old men ? " asks economics professor Kevin Milligan .
" And what they find is ... they have the same set of diseases , they just seem to die more frequently .
The explanation that seems most consistent with that is differential access to health care .
And so that 's a really striking finding . "
Anderson says that lack of health care is likely a big part of the problem , but that there are numerous cultural and social factors at play that can be difficult to pinpoint .
In their " elementary accounting exercise " published this February , Anderson and Ray began to plot the causes of excess death in 2000 by age group , and produced some interesting figures .
In sub -Saharan Africa , the dominant source of missing women was HIV and AIDS , the cause of more than 600,000 excess female deaths each year .
In China , Anderson says , most of the 141,000 excess female deaths by injury were suicides , making China the only place in the world where women are more likely than men to kill themselves , often by eating pesticides used for crops .
And in India , a category called " injuries " yielded ominously high figures : 86,000 excess deaths in the age group 15 - 29 in 2000 alone .
Anderson has done extensive research in India , and says the numbers beg the question of exactly how many deaths were so - called " kitchen fires " – often used to mask dowry - related killings , the result of a new bride being tortured by her new family until her parents pay their debts .
Contrary to what you might expect , Anderson says , dowry prices have not dropped off with improvements in education in India .
Instead , they have gotten worse , with educated brides and their families willing to pay even more for high - quality grooms .
Anderson says dowry payments can be six times a family 's annual wealth – an excruciating price , especially for poor villagers .
The implications of this hefty sum trickle down to the first moments of a child 's life .
While conducting recent field work in India , Anderson asked villagers about selective abortions and found them open about the fact that they use ultrasound to determine the baby 's gender and help them decide whether or not to keep it .
" They see no other options , " she says .
" They really can not afford to have a daughter . "
Future research will delve deeper , seeking answers to questions such as : How often are men given mosquito nets to protect themselves from malaria , but not women ?
How many women die because they are not taken to the hospital when they are sick ?
Anderson is using data gathered primarily from the World Bank , the United Nations and the World Health Organization , but admits that getting the figures can be a huge challenge .
In sub -Saharan Africa , for example , many deaths go undocumented , and in India , it is virtually impossible to know how many " unintentional " deaths are actually dowry killings , because they are not accurately reported to the authorities .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It is also difficult to separate direct gender discrimination from biological , social , environmental , behavioural and economic factors .
That will be part of the task as Anderson works on calculating missing women by region in India , and isolating gender discrimination from other factors that might contribute to uneven male - to - female ratios .
When asked what can be done to combat such deep - seated inequality , Anderson pauses .
Even when governments outlaw root causes , such as the Indian dowry system , violence persists , she says .
" It 's too embedded in the system in their world . "
Read more about :
Deputy Paul Schene of Seattle beats a 15 year old girl in jail cell .
Why ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
President Obama has issued a proclamation honoring " Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgendered Pride Month 2009 . "
Gay pride month is observed every June to commemorate the " Stonewall riots , " an uprising that took place in 1969 when police tried to arrest gay patrons at the Stonewall Inn in New York City .
The bar is shown here on the 25th anniversary of those events -- widely viewed as the beginning of the modern gay rights movement .
Brad Luna of the Human Rights Campaign , the nation 's largest gay rights organization , says Obama 's proclamation is not a first : President Bill Clinton regularly recognized gay pride month during his second term in office .
Luna says Obama is right in claiming that he has tapped more openly gay nominees for high profile posts early in his administration than any previous president .
Here are a few excerpts from the president 's proclamation :
" LGBT Americans have made , and continue to make , great and lasting contributions that continue to strengthen the fabric of American society .
There are many well - respected LGBT leaders in all professional fields , including the arts and business communities .
LGBT Americans also mobilized the Nation to respond to the domestic HIV / AIDS epidemic and have played a vital role in broadening this country 's response to the HIV pandemic .
Due in no small part to the determination and dedication of the LGBT rights movement , more LGBT Americans are living their lives openly today than ever before .
I am proud to be the first President to appoint openly LGBT candidates to Senate - confirmed positions in the first 100 days of an Administration . "
( Posted by Kathy Kiely )
Suspects were being questioned today after one of the biggest anti-terror operations since the 7 July attacks exploited lax student visa regulations to enter the UK from Pakistan , according to Whitehall sources .
As police continued to search ten addresses in Liverpool , Manchester and Clitheroe , Lancashire , after the raids on Wednesday , the Home Office said student visa checks had been tightened in the last fortnight because of widespread abuses of the system .
It was reported today that in one of the raids police found photographs of four popular Manchester locations .
Last night counterterrorist sources said they had uncovered no definite targets for an alleged plot , and described reports citing a shopping centre and nightclub in Manchester as targets as " wide of the mark " .
But the BBC said that the police were studying the photographs , found in one raid , of the Arndale and Trafford Centre shopping complexes , Birdcage nightclub and St Ann 's Square .
There are concerns inside government and the security services that the 11 Pakistani nationals being held in the north of England could have gained entry on student visas in order to form a sleeper cell .
Gordon Brown talked of the police having foiled a " very big terrorist plot " .
The operation which led to the arrest of the men , along with one Briton who is said to have roots in the same tribal area , was rushed forward after the country 's top anti-terror officer carried papers under his arm detailing the raids as he walked into 10 Downing Street in full view of photographers .
Apologising for the blunder , Bob Quick , the Met 's head of specialist operations , resigned from his post yesterday .
His departure reignited tensions over the running of the force after London mayor Boris Johnson broke the news of the resignation on BBC Radio 4 , angering the home secretary , Jacqui Smith , and Scotland Yard .
Despite the gaffe , security sources said the operation was a success , describing it as an unprecedented joint action by MI5 and MI6 in light of intelligence .
One Whitehall source said the police feared attacks were planned for the Easter weekend .
They said the plot indicated al - Qaida was adopting new tactics to send " clean skins " – people not known to security services or the police – in from abroad , rather than using British - born terrorists to carry out attacks .
The prime minister said : " We are dealing with a very big terrorist plot … there were a number of people who are suspected of it who have been arrested .
That police operation was successful .
" We know that there are links between terrorists in Britain and terrorists in Pakistan .
That is an important issue for us to follow through and that 's why I will be talking to President Zardari about what Pakistan can do to help us in the future . "
Asked if this would become another high - profile raid ending with no one charged with terror offences , the chief constable of Greater Manchester , Peter Fahy , said : " There will always be situations where … either we can't achieve the evidential threshold or as a result of the investigation we find that the threat was not how it appeared to us at the time . "
Fahy urged people in the region not to let speculation over potential targets affect their Easter plans .
He said he and his family would have " no hesitation " in using shopping locations such as Manchester 's Trafford Centre and Arndale Centre .
Greater Manchester police , which was co-ordinating the anti-terror arrests , said several properties were being searched .
They refused to comment on what had been found , but if the threat was as great as sources suggested , officers would have been looking for bomb - making equipment and seizing computers to search for evidence of a cell in operation .
Police were busy at five addresses in Manchester , and on the M602 motorway .
Forensic teams removed several crates of items from a four - star B&B in Clitheroe , Brooklyn House , where the two men who were arrested at the town 's new Homebase store had been staying since Monday .
Searches were also being carried out in Highgate Street , Liverpool , where five men were arrested , one from Liverpool John Moores University campus .
Muhammad Adil , a student swept up in the raids at John Moores University but released after a couple of hours , said one friend was still being held .
Adil , from Peshawar , Pakistan , said his friend was an accountancy student from Karachi .
Adil had been studying in the UK for two years and met his friend at his part - time job as a security guard .
" They asked me if I knew why I was being arrested – as suspect of terrorism , I was laughing at that .
I 've been studying for the last two years , " he said .
A Home Office spokesman said that student visa regulations had been tightened so that all would - be students had to have their fingerprints checked against terror and police lists and had to be sponsored by a legitimate college or university in the UK .
Only last month , immigration minister Phil Woolas described how " abuse of the student visa has been the biggest abuse of the system , the major loophole in Britain 's border controls " .
Wajid Shamsul Hasan , Pakistan 's high commissioner to the United Kingdom , said his country could help carry out visa checks , but was not allowed to .
He said : " It is at your end you have to do something more .
Every day we are arresting suspects wherever we find them . "
Asked by BBC's Newsnight if the there was a problem with the British system for student visas , he replied : " Yes .
If they allow us to make inquiries first , if they ask us to scrutinise those people who are seeking visas we can help them . "
Last year , 9,300 students entered the UK from Pakistan .
British colleges now have to register with the UK Border Agency , which last month revealed it had turned down 460 of the 2,100 colleges which had applied for licences to admit international students , because they were bogus establishments sponsoring students as part of an immigration scam .
The fact that Wednesday 's arrests were made so fast after Quick inadvertently disclosed secret operational details , indicated that MI5 teams were watching their targets closely .
" Things were moving anyway , executive action [ arrests ] was n't far off .
Quick hastened it , " said one official .
Two Whitehall sources indicated the surveillance operation began a fortnight ago when a foreign intelligence agency passed information to British security services .
Three days ago , the sources said , further intelligence indicated that any attack the cell was planning was " imminent " , and the decision was made to arrest the alleged network .
However , that sequence of events was disputed by other sources .
China and the Global Climate ' The West Is Responsible '
Progress towards a new global climate agreement has been slow .
SPIEGEL spoke with China 's head climate negotiator Yu Qingtai about Western responsibility for CO2 emissions in China and frustration in the developing world .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Investors are kicking themselves for failing to spot the twin bubbles in the stock and housing markets when the laws of economic gravity for both became spectacularly unhinged .
Now , America should be on red alert for another bubble that 's destined to pop -- outrageously overpriced government bonds , the flipside being outrageously low interest rates .
Indeed , the trend towards far higher rates is already beginning : Since March , the yield on the 10 - year treasury has jumped from 2.5 % to 3.8 % , sending prices � -- which move in the opposite direction -- ��down a staggering 34 % .
" We 're in the early innings of a very long bear market in treasuries , " warns Michael Darda , chief economist at trading and research firm MKM Partners .
As the yields march upwards , mortgage rates will follow , and a major justification for the government 's massive deficits , the cheap cost of borrowing , will disappear .
Look for the burden of financing the fast - rising federal debt to grow far heavier than the government 's bluebird projections .
Two fates await .
Big rate increases are inevitable , but they could follow two extremely different paths .
We 'll call one the sobering - but - healthy solution , and the other the disaster scenario .
The critical choice rests squarely with the Federal Reserve .
In the former scenario , the Fed would start raising rates within a few months to combat looming inflation .
Disaster would strike if the Fed succumbs to political pressure and keeps rates artificially low , sending buyers of Treasurys into a panic over inflation , and raising Treasury yields into the near or full double - digits .
Allan Meltzer , the distinguished monetarist from Carnegie Mellon , fears that the disaster scenario is far more likely .
" We 'll see tremendous pressure not to raise rates from Congress , the administration , businesses and the unions because of high unemployment , " he told Fortune .
" As the economy picks up , the Fed will need to scale back on money - supply growth , and in a replay of the 1970s , they will not do it . "
To understand why rates are certain to rise , it 's crucial to analyze the two components of yield on Treasuries and where they 're headed :
The " real " interest rate , and the inflation premium .
Both building blocks are far below their historic averages .
First , let 's examine " real " rates .
It 's the nominal yield on , in this case , the ten - year Treasury after adjusting for inflation .
Right now , the real rate is extremely low .
With the 10 - year yield at 3.8 % , and " core " inflation ( excluding volatile food and energy costs ) running at around 2 % , the real rate stands at around 1.8 % .
That 's far below the long - term average , which Brian Wesbury , chief economist at asset manager First Trust Advisors , estimates at 3 % .
Normally , the real rate reflects the safe return investors that investors seek after inflation , the " real " return that allows them to buy more goods and services with their investment income , after all price increases .
So why are real rates so low right now ?
Real rates .
One obvious reason is the flight to quality .
The financial crisis sent investors fleeing stocks , and especially bonds , for the safety of Treasurys .
That bid up Treasury prices , and by late last year , drove real rates to zero .
Real rates have risen gradually as investors have sought higher returns by embracing modest risk .
But they remain extremely low by historical standards .
What 's keeping them there is the Fed 's expansionary policies .
The rapid increase in the money supply , funded by enormous purchases of Treasurys from banks , is holding down the short - term rates that the Fed directly controls .
Right now , the reason investors are demanding more attractive real rates is chiefly because the flight to quality is waning .
The evidence is the big drop in spreads on corporate and junk bonds , a sure sign that Americans will accept modest risk once again if they 're adequately paid for it .
The economy is also starting to recover .
Real rates wax and wane according to demand for new capital :
When the economy begins expanding , competition among rival corporate borrowers floods the market with bonds and drives up rates .
Now let 's look to the future , and the shadow cast by giant deficits .
The government borrowing required to finance those enormous deficits could push real rates well above the normal level of around 3 % .
In most expansions , deficits drop because tax receipts swell with the recovery .
But now , America is entering uncharted territory .
The deficits remain a structural problem , not a cyclical one that will disappear with the recovery .
They will remain in the $ 1 trillion a year range , even after U.S. reaches full employment and strong growth , according to the CBO forecast .
So the government will be competing for America 's scarce savings at precisely the time corporations will need that capital to buy workstations , to open stores , and to add employees .
The demand for capital from two directions , practically a first in U.S. history , threatens to substantially boost real interest rates .
The second component of government bond rates is the expectation for inflation .
As in the case of real rates , the inflation premium built into the ten - year Treasury is too low right now .
It does n't come close to reflecting the big price increases in store for the U.S .
What 's the inflation premium today ?
A good measure is the difference between the rate on Treasury Inflation Protected bonds , or TIPs , and the yield on the 10 year treasury .
The TIPs rate approximates the real interest rate , so the difference is the expected rise in prices .
Today , the difference is around 2 % .
And in fact , inflation is now running at around 2 % , excluding food and energy .
But the smart money thinks that inflation will be far higher than 2 % over the next decade .
In the Fed 's hands .
That brings us back to the two scenarios , sobering - but - healthy versus disaster .
It 's the Fed 's choice , and investors should watch the Fed 's decision with care and trepidation .
If the Fed chooses the right path , sobering - but - healthy , it will start raising short - term rates this year or in early 2010 .
That would send a strong signal that the Fed is serious about fighting inflation .
Yet even that strategy wo n't slay inflation : Darda predicts that prices will rise 3 % to 5 % even if the Fed proves righteous .
But that 's about the best result America can hope for .
It might also dampen the need for far higher real rates by cooling the economy temporarily when the government is doing its heaviest borrowing .
The result would be 10 - year rates of around 6 % to 8 % .
Those yields would pound the economy for a year or more , but they would also put inflationary fears to rest .
Now , let 's look at the disaster scenario that so worries Meltzer and Wesbury .
In that script , the Fed would hold short - term rates extremely low to keep the economy growing and prevent further increases in unemployment .
The easy - money stance would leave investors terrified about inflation .
A new explosion in credit would push up demand far faster than the economy could supply new goods and services , causing a rapid rise in prices .
Instead of raising taxes to lower the deficit , the Fed would monetize it by printing money to buy Treasurys .
That would scare Chinese and other foreign investors we rely on to buy our bonds and finance our deficits .
They might resort to panic selling .
Now we 're talking about rates that could reach the double digits .
Allan Meltzer , author of influential histories of the Fed , is n't giving specific numbers , but he will say , " We 're facing a major inflation problem .
Three to four percent inflation is not a bad thing , but the Fed wo n't be able to hold it there . "
Meltzer abhors the kind of political pressures that left us with rampant inflation in the 1970s .
But the great man sees them building again .
This time , we have a chance to escape what 's obviously , clearly and undeniably a bubble .
And we 're on the verge of returning to the time when bellbottoms and hyperinflation reigned .
The former went out of fashion .
We all know the pain it took to escape the latter .
In the latest video for [ shal ] THQ [ / shal ] ’s upcoming 3rd person shooter , [ shal ] Red Faction : Guerrilla [ / shal ] , we get an in - depth look at the control system and how morale can help you out on the battlefield .
The Design Director for Red Faction talks about how to raise the moral of the people , and have them aid you in your quest to liberate each sector .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjQ6y_vL3Zg[/youtube]
ALBANY  The Democrats ’ tenuous control of the New York State Senate abruptly collapsed on Monday , throwing the Legislature into chaos with just two weeks remaining in its session .
Two dissident Democrats , who had been secretly strategizing with Republicans for weeks , bucked their party ’s leaders and joined with 30 Republican senators to form what they said would be a bipartisan power - sharing deal .
But the arrangement effectively re-establishes Republican control .
The change upends the agenda in Albany , where Democrats had assumed power in the Senate in January , with 32 seats , after more than 40 years in the minority .
Democrats were pushing bills to give tenants more rights , strengthen abortion rights and legalize same - sex marriage this session .
And the move underscores the continuing tumult of New York politics , where there have been three governors in less than three years and four Senate presidents since last summer .
Democratic leaders were caught off guard as the Republicans and the two Democratic dissidents , Pedro Espada Jr. of the Bronx and Hiram Monserrate of Queens , moved to topple them , and at one point became so flustered that they turned out the lights in the Senate chamber to try to prevent Republicans from installing new leaders .
Despite its humble appearance and role as default teapot in so many English cupboards , the Brown Betty is a much more interesting piece of tea ware than one might assume .
The ancestral forms of the Brown Betty came into production and use in England near the close of the seventeenth century , when craftsmen began using the unique red clay found in the Bradell Woods area of Stoke - on - Trent to fashion into teapots .
The application of the special Rockinham glaze , which gives the Brown Betty its characteristic namesake brown , and further refinements in the rounded shape of the main bowl area resulted in the teapot we know today .
The device ’s current , essentially unchanged form was solidified during the reign of Queen Victoria , as tea seeped out from the aristocracy to the common man and tea consumption in England grew exponentially .
Several decades earlier in England tea had been largely unavailable to the underclasses because of its high cost and the high cost of the tea wares required for preparing and drinking it .
This changed during the course of the 19th century with further expansion of the British Empire , which resulted in lower costs of goods sent back from the territories exploited by British merchants and strong - armed by the British military .
Importantly , the establishment of tea plantations in the Indian Sub - continent brought down the cost of tea considerably .
In addition , more cost - effective industrial manufacturing processes brought the cost of teapots and tea cups down as well .
There are , of course , a number of famous ceramics manufacturers in England .
Cauldon Ceramics , who hold exclusive rights for manufacturing the Brown Betty , is just one of them .
In contrast , some of the other companies , like Wedgwood and Spode for example , concentrated their production on fine porcelain and bone china , marketing more delicate and expensive types of teaware and dinnerware , while the makers of the Brown Betty kept it much more utilitarian and functional in appearance .
Aside from all of that history and background , the characteristic of the Brown Betty that should be most important to tea drinkers is that it brews and serves tea exceptionally well .
Anyone with even a marginally serious interest in drinking English style teas should own one .
They ’re not fancy , or necessarily elegant in appearance , but they ’re damned good teapots .
The rounded shape of the teapot is particularly good for steeping loose leaf tea .
It is said that the steeping leaves swirl around inside of the bowl of the pot , which might be true , although it ’s a hard thing to prove ( or see ) .
But one thing that is much more evident is the way that the pot retains heat .
The high heat retention brews better tea , and the pot keeps it hot longer after it ’s finished steeping .
A full pot of tea in a Brown Betty sitting out on a table will stay quite drinkably warm for longer than you ’d expect , varying with the ambient temperature of the room .
Using a tea cozy would probably help retain the heat even longer , if you were the type to use one .
These are teapots made out of good materials .
The Rockingham glaze is strong and durable , and it is also particularly shiny and attractive .
One of the accompanying photographs shows the red of the unglazed clay , on the edge of the lid off the pot , one of the distinguishing characteristics of the Brown Betty .
The whole feels solid and well constructed .
Brown Betty teapots are surprisingly inexpensive , although it can be hard to locate authentic examples .
This is to be expected when , in spite of the teapot ’s fame and ubiquity , all production output comes from a single factory .
Since the real thing can be scarce frauds are quite common .
Do not be fooled by a plain brown ceramic teapot with deceptive labeling !
While ordinary generic ceramic teapots are fine , they do not have the exceptional qualities of a genuine Brown Betty .
If the teapot does n’t have a British flag sticker on it and does n’t have “ Cauldon ” and “ Made in England ” on the bottom it ’s not the genuine article and will fall short of expectations .
© Online Stores , Inc. , and The English Tea Store Blog , 2009 - 2014 .
Unauthorized use and / or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this article ’s author and / or the blog ’s owner is strictly prohibited .
Excerpts and links may be used , provided that full and clear credit is given to Online Stores , Inc. , and The English Tea Store Blog with appropriate and specific direction to the original content .
The Next Phage
How to heal an infection that defies antibiotics ?
Another infection .
Doctors in Eastern Europe have used lab - grown viruses to safely cure millions of wounds .
So why can't we do the same here ?
But it ’s the political challenges that will be most hellacious .
Basically , everything that a politician might do to make voters happier in the near term will have horrible long - term consequences .
Stimulate the economy too much now and you wind up with ruinous inflation down the road .
Preserve failing companies and you wind up with Japanese stagnation .
Cushion the decline in living standards with easy money now and you just move from a housing bubble to a commodities bubble .
The members of the political class face a set of monumental tasks .
First , they have to persuade a country to postpone gratification for the sake of rebuilding the country .
This country has n’t accepted sacrifice in 50 years .
Second , political leaders will have to raise taxes and cut spending to get the federal fiscal house in order , and they will have to do it at a time when voters are already scaling back their lifestyles .
Third , they will have to refrain from doing anything that might further damage America ’s fiscal position , which is extremely fragile .
That means not passing a health care reform package unless it is really and truly paid for .
That means forming a Social Security commission next year to tackle that entitlement problem .
Fourth , the political class is going to attempt the politically unthinkable .
The U.S. is going to have to move toward a consumption tax , to discourage spending and encourage savings .
There ’s also a crying need for tax reform .
As economist Douglas Holtz - Eakin points out , the tax code is rife with provisions that encourage leverage and discourage investment .
The government will have to spend less on transfer payments and more on investments in science and infrastructure .
The members of the Obama administration fully understand this and are brimming with good ideas about how to move from a bubble economy to an investment economy .
Finding a political strategy to accomplish this , however , is proving to be very difficult .
And getting Congress to move in this direction might be impossible .
Congressional leaders have been fixated on short - term conventional priorities throughout this entire episode .
There is no evidence that the power brokers understand the fundamental transition ahead .
They are practicing the same self - indulgence that got us into this mess .
Flags fly outside of the Goldman Sachs headquarters building in the financial district of New York May 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group
Inc is on pace to make record bonus payouts after a robust first half , the Guardian newspaper reported on Sunday .
Goldman staff in London were briefed on the outlook and told they could look forward to the bonus hikes if the company registers its most profitable year ever , the report said .
The surge in projected profit can be attributed to a lack of competition and increased revenue from trading foreign currency , bonds and fixed - income products , the newspaper said , citing insiders at the firm .
Bonuses have been a point of contention between the Obama administration and Wall Street , which last fall endured a credit crisis that paralyzed the financial markets .
The U.S. Treasury responded with the Troubled Asset Relief Program , which made $ 700 billion in loans available to banks .
Goldman Sachs received $ 10 billion from TARP , which it repaid last week .
In letters to lawmakers last week , Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein said the firm is obligated to “ ensure that compensation reflects the true performance of the firm and motivates proper behavior . ”
A Goldman Sachs spokesman in New York was not immediately available to comment on Monday .
Boozer headed to Detroit or New Jersey ?
That ’s the word from Peter Vecsey of the New York Post , anyway .
Apparently , rising free agent - of - choice Carlos Boozer is telling confidants he ’s either going to Detroit or New Jersey — only way the capsized Nets pull that off is by doing a sign - and - trade .
Utah seems more interested in re-signing Paul Millsap ( and justifiably so ) .
It ’s not a huge surprise that Boozer is thinking about his next destination , and when he ’s healthy , he ’s an All - NBA caliber player .
Detroit seems like a good fit .
They have a nice set of perimeter players — Tayshaun Prince , Rip Hamilton and Rodney Stuckey — and with Rasheed Wallace likely leaving , they need help up front .
They have a ton of cap space , and might elect to use it this summer on Boozer instead of waiting for Chris Bosh or Amare Stoudemire and failing to sign either .
Had they found a way to hold onto Chauncey Billups , that would be a formidable foursome , but it was the Billups trade that freed up the cap space to potentially sign Boozer .
Depending on how they structured his contract , they could sign Boozer and then re-sign Wallace for another year , which would make them a scary playoff team next postseason .
The Nets are over the cap , but they have Bobby Simmons ’ expiring deal ( ~$ 11.2 million ) that could be used in a sign - and - trade with the Jazz .
However , Utah will need some other incentive to take on Simmons ; otherwise , they could just let Boozer go if he opts out .
The Nets have a few young , mildly interesting prospects — Ryan Anderson , Sean Williams , Josh Boone , Yi Jianlian — but they ’d be foolish to give up Brook Lopez for Boozer .
Would Simmons plus the # 11 pick in the draft be enough to convince Utah to do a sign - and - trade ?
They ’d basically be paying the Nets $ 11.2 million for the # 11 pick — I ’m not sure it ’s worth it .
Keep in mind that if the Nets find a way to acquire Boozer , it is highly unlikely that they ’ll have the cap space to sign LeBron next summer unless they find a way to move Vince Carter before next February ’s trade deadline .
The call of the wild ... ... goes unanswered .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Where Amazing Happens
In case you have n't seen the constant barrage of NBA commercials .
Kyle Brady writes , " Thanks to some perseverance and asking the right questions , SJSU professors are now prohibited from barring students from posting their code solutions online , as well as penalizing their students for doing so .
A win for students , programmers , and copyfighters nationwide ! "
Kyle 's a student at San Jose State University who was threatened with a failing grade for posting the code he wrote for the course — he wanted to make it available in the spirit of academic knowledge - sharing , and as code for potential future employers to review — and when he refused , his prof flew into a fury and promised that in future , he would make a prohibition on posting your work ( even after the course was finished ) a condition of taking his course .
Kyle appealed it to the department head , who took it up with the Office of Student Conduct and Ethical Development and the Judicial Affairs Officer of SJSU , who ruled that , " what you [ Kyle ] have done does not in any way constitute a violation of the University Academic Integrity Policy , and that Dr. Beeson cannot claim otherwise . "
There 's a lot of meat on the bones of this story .
The most important lesson from it for me is that students want to produce meaningful output from their course - assignments , things that have intrinsic value apart from their usefulness for assessing their progress in the course .
Profs — including me , at times — fall into the lazy trap of wanting to assign rotework that can be endlessly recycled as work for new students , a model that fails when the students treat their work as useful in and of itself and therefore worthy of making public for their peers and other interested parties who find them through search results , links , etc .
But the convenience of profs must be secondary to the pedagogical value of the university experience — especially now , with universities ratcheting up their tuition fees and trying to justify an education that can put students into debt for the majority of their working lives .
Students work harder when the work is meaningful , when it has value other than as a yardstick for measuring their comprehension .
I 've always thought it was miserable that we take the supposed best and brightest in society , charge them up to $ 60,000 a year in fees , then put them to work for four years on producing busywork that no one — not them , not their profs , not other scholars — actually wants to read .
Might as well get them to spend four years carving detailed models of ships from sweet potatoes ( and then bury the potatoes ) .
And in this case , it 's especially poignant , since Kyle 's workflow actually matches the practices of real - world programmers and academic computer scientists : coders look at one anothers ' examples , use reference implementations , publish their code for review by peers .
If you hired a programmer who insisted that none of her co-workers could see her work , you 'd immediately fire her — that 's just not how software is written .
Kyle 's prof 's idea of how computer programmers work is exactly what 's meant by the pejorative sense of " academic " — unrealistic , hidebound , and out - of - touch with reality .
Bravo to Kyle for standing his ground !
How I Won a Copyfight
( Thanks , Kyle ! )
U.S .
Associated Press
Executives at a Bismarck marketing agency hired to help stem the tide of rising virus cases in central North Dakota say that 's the mindset facing them with their campaign in the hot spot of a state that for weeks has been among the nation 's leaders in the number of new virus cases per capita , according to The COVID Tracking Project .
Agency MABU was hired by a governor 's task force in Burleigh and Morton counties that is nearly six weeks into its effort and frustrated by the lack of progress in an area that includes the cities of Bismarck and Mandan .
The state will soon follow with a nearly $ 2 million campaign of its own that dwarfs MABU 's $ 76,800 media budget .
" Many people were excited by the music being on tape , " he says .
" There were certainly people who were confused by it being on tape , too .
They 'd tell us they do n't even own a boombox any more . "
Accounting for more than 50 per cent of global music sales in the mid-1980s , cassettes were quickly cast aside with the advent of CDs .
But they 've gradually been popping up on merchandise tables at local gigs and in independent record stores such as Missing Link in Melbourne 's CBD .
Part of the reason is cost .
Arun of 100 cassettes costs about $ 2 per unit ( about the same price as a CD ) , while 100 30 - centimetre vinyl records will set you back just over $ 5 each .
" For underground music , vinyl will always be the preferred medium , but cassette is definitely a more affordable analog format , " Camilleri says .
Mark Groves , from Melbourne noise outfit True Radical Miracle , is another tape devotee .
He considers the medium a true symbol of the underground music scene .
" ( Cassettes ) passed into redundancy within pop culture and the music industry at large over a decade ago , but have remained in use by all kinds of ' buried ' networks , " he says , pointing to their popularity in the underground noise and metal scenes .
While cassettes are often derided for their audio deficiencies - they are prone to dropouts and hiss - Groves considers these perceived flaws part of their charm .
The band 's debut EP , Taste the Rainbow , was re-released on CD after the cassette run sold out .
" People were pleased they were able to play the release in the cassette decks of their old - model cars , " Groves says .
Similarly , Melbourne label Mistletone decided to put out Kes Band 's self - titled album on cassette because frontman Karl Scullin wanted to hear it in his car .
" He ( Scullin ) drives around in a beautiful old Volvo listening to car tapes all the time , and he really liked the idea of having his music on cassette , " label manager Sophie Best says .
" To be honest , we have n't sold that many .
But they look awesome on the merch desk . "
Still ,
Best has n't ruled out more cassette releases in the future .
She says the format has broad nostalgic appeal .
" Apparently , cassette Walkmans are in with the hipsters , and I think oldies will always have a few tapes rattling around in their glovebox . "
As director of Dex Audio , believed to be Australia 's only cassette manufacturing plant , Greg Williams has witnessed the cassette 's rise and fall first hand .
Dex started manufacturing tapes in 1982 , but it was n't until the mid-to - late ' 80s that things really started to take off .
" By 1987 , we were doing around 400,000 a month .
I do n't know where they all went , but people were just chewing them up , " Williams says .
Now , cassettes are only a small part of Williams ' business , which focuses on CD and DVD replication and duplication .
" What used to take up the factory now takes up the corner , " he says .
There 's still the occasional request for cassettes , Williams says , mainly from bands eager to recapture their youth , but also from businesses that prefer the medium for dictation .
Ironically , while the cassette 's death knell may be sounding , Williams says its audio kinks have been ironed out .
" We reinvested and replaced the reel - to - reel system with a digital system .
It makes quite a difference ...
You get the character of tape without all the noise and defects . "
And , with the release of the Alesis TapeLink ( $ US299 , $ A410 RRP ) in the US in January , there might be hope for those boxes of old mix tapes just yet .
Essentially a cassette player with a USB plug , the product enables users to transfer their collection onto their PC or Mac .
It even comes with audio cleaning and noise - reduction software .
What happened in Australia WHILE ARIA does n't keep a record of cassette figures , chart historian David Kent believes they were first available in Australia as early as the late 1960s .
" Only small quantities of imports were available at the time , " he recalls .
" Local manufacture began in the early 1970s , and by 1972 most big sellers ( or potential big sellers ) were released on LP and cassette . "
The cassette , which cost about the same as vinyl upon its release , became the format of choice for Australians because of its portability , and cassette players rapidly became a fixture in new cars .
With the emergence of the CD in the 1990s , however , its days were numbered .
" It did n't take long for CDs to take the place of cassettes , " Kent explains .
" They offered all the portability benefits , the only negative being the cost in the early days . "
Probably the most impressive thing for someone who visits for the first time cities like New York , Shanghai or Dubai is the ridiculous size of it ’s buildings .
So to finish this week of Round Up , we bring you previously featured skyscraper on ArchDaily .
Tour La Signal at La Defense , Paris / Ateliers Jean Nouve
The La Defense is a 160 ha business district in the west of Paris , currently under a renewal plan to strengthen its place among the great international business districts .
The renewal includes several high rise sustainable towers .
One of this towers , the Tour Signal , entered an international closed competition for teams of architects / investors / developers , on which EPAD did n’t impose a site .
The Tour Signal will thus endow the business district with a new landmark in 2013 .
The finalists for this project were ( read more … )
Burj Dubai , tallest building in the world The Burj Dubai ( set to be the tallest tower in the world , while the tallest structure as of now ) , is almost finished .
Located in Dubai , it´s the centerpise of a mixed - use development that will include 30,000 homes , 9 hotels , 3 ha of parks , 19 residential towers , a man and a 12 ha artificial lake .
I decided to Google about the Burj Dubai a little , and i found an interesting interview at Wired with SOM´s structural engineer Bill Baker , telling the story behind the design , the structure and construction ( read more … )
56 Leonard Street , New York / Herzog & de Meuron
This 57 - story residential in the Tribeca area will house 145 residences , each one with its own unique floor plan and private outdoor space .
This typology makes the building look like a stack of houses , away from the traditional skyscraper form .
I wonder how the concrete structure works on this building , which was done by consultant firm WSP Cantor Seinuk ( who also worked on the Freedom Tower ) .
With this height , it will surely impact the city skyline as you can see on the panoramic above ( read more … )
+ 5
Michael Schumacher World Champion Tower in Dubai / L - A - V- A LAVA ( Laboratory for Visionary Architecture ) unveiled the design of the Michael Schumacher World Champion Tower in Dubai , the first project of a series of branded towers , a new concept by PNYG : COMPANY , a company focused on branding .
I´ve heard about branded towers such at the Porsche Towers by OMA , but it´s the first time i hear about a building branded after a Formula 1 champion .
The design of the 59 storey luxury tower is abstracted from the geometric laws of snowflakes and Formula 1 aerodynamics ( read more … )
Jumeirah Gardens / SOM & Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture
The master plan for this project was designed by SOM Chicago , and consists of a mixed - use development that incorporates low , medium , and high - density zones for business , residences , retail , leisure , and recreation – a city within a city , with an estimated cost of US $ 95 billion .
The three main towers were comissioned to Chicago based architects AS +GG ( Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill ) ,
The most impressive one - and the third tallest tower in the UAE - is 1 Dubai ( read more … )
Even though [ shal ] Dead Rising 2 [ / shal ] will be absent from [ shal ] E3 [ / shal ] this year , [ shal ] Capcom [ / shal ] was nice enough to release a new trailer .
It depicts a much darker looking game than the first one .
It actually reminds us a lot of [ shal ] Resident Evil 2 [ / shal ] .
If any more info comes out this week we will be sure to post it .
Enjoy .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxVJgNPLitg[/youtube]
( CNN ) --
If your pinkie and ring fingers tingle or feel numb , you might not want to pick up that cell phone to call the doctor .
Too much cell phone use can lead to overextending nerves , causing what doctors call " cell phone elbow . "
Orthopedic specialists are reporting cases of " cell phone elbow , " in which patients damage an essential nerve in their arm by bending their elbows too tightly for too long .
When cell phone users hold the phone to their ears , they stretch a nerve that extends underneath the funny bone and controls the smallest fingers .
When talkers chat for a long time in that position , it " chokes the blood supply to the nerves .
It makes the nerves short - circuit .
The next thing you know , there 's tingling in the ring and small finger , " said Dr. Peter J. Evans , the director of the Hand and Upper Extremity Center at the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland , Ohio .
When that happens , the advice is simple : Switch hands -- before it gets worse .
People who have this condition , called cubital tunnel syndrome , can feel weakness in their hands and have difficulty opening jars or playing musical instruments .
" It could impede your typing ability , your writing ability , " Evans said .
" People get very unintelligible writing if it gets severe . "
Donna Malloy , 66 , noticed the numbness in her hands when she spoke on her cell phone for hours .
" Mainly when I was holding something , I noticed , ' Geez , they 're tingling , ' " Malloy said about her ring and pinkie fingers .
" It got progressively worse .
If you walk around holding the cell phone , after a while you 're not sure you have it in the hand anymore . "
She started dropping things in her left hand , and needlework became too difficult .
" I thought : ' I 'm turning old and falling apart , ' " Malloy said .
Constant cell phone use could " stress out the ulnar nerves , " said Dr. Leon Benson , an orthopedic surgeon and spokesman for the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons .
The ulnar nerve , which travels through the forearm and branches into the hand , can become weakened and scarred after being stretched repeatedly .
Watch the Health Minute about cell phone elbow »
" The more you bend it , the more it stretches , " Evans said .
" It diminishes the blood supply , and the blood is not flowing through the nerves . "
While the nerves are designed for stretching , " it 's not normal to be in a position to be stretched for an hour , " Benson said .
People with severe cases of cubital tunnel syndrome , like Malloy , require surgery .
But most cases require simple behavioral changes .
The condition is not as common as carpal tunnel syndrome , which affects nerves in the wrist .
This does n't mean that cell phone use is dangerous , doctors said .
" It 's like anything else , any sporting activity , " Benson said .
" You can hit balls at the driving range -- just do n't hit 300 of them , because you 'll be sore .
So common sense would dictate not to talk on the phone for hours if your small and ring fingers go numb . "
After surgery , Malloy said her hands are " fine now .
It does n't bother me . "
She still talks on her cell phone , but she uses a Bluetooth headset .
Cubital tunnel syndrome does n't affect only cell phone addicts .
Elderly people who rest their elbows on the arm of a chair can develop the syndrome , as can truckers and people who use wheelchairs who lean on their elbow , Evans said .
Some people who sleep curled in a fetal position with their elbows overly bent can develop the syndrome .
Another factor could be occupational .
People who type in front of a computer , with their elbows bent tighter than 90 degrees , could damage their nerves .
Bending the elbow tighter than 90 degrees for an extended period of time will stretch the ulnar nerve by 8 to 15 percent , Evans said .
The remedies are simple .
Avoid activities that require the elbow to be bent tighter than 90 degrees .
Fix workstations so the elbows are n't overly flexed .
Do n't lean on your elbows for an extended period of time .
All About Cellular Phones • Carpal Tunnel Syndrome • Surgery
Good morning everyone
And welcome to theguardian.
com 's first game - by - game from the French Open .
I 'm sure you can all appreciate that there is a little extra pressure for us on clay , as some European sites have more experience on the surface , but we 're confident that we can get through today 's match and look forward to going a lot further in this tournament .
By total coincidence ...
Andy Murray has been saying similar things about the pressure on him ahead of this morning 's game against Potito Starace .
" There 's a little bit of extra pressure on clay , " said Murray , " because I guess a lot of guys go into the match thinking they can beat me , whereas on other surfaces I 've been very tough to beat over the past year . "
Starace is currently ranked 104th in the world , but clay is undoubtedly his favourite surface .
He plays his best tennis from way back behind the baseline and earlier this month reached the quarter - finals in Munich .
With all that in mind he 's still not that good , has had a pretty mediocre year and was tied at one set - apiece with Mischa Zverev in the first round before the German retired hurt .
I expect Murray to see him off in three sets .
What else should you know about Potito Starace ?
He 's a very naughty boy who was banned for six weeks and fined $ 30,000 back in December 2007 for placing bets on tennis matches .
Not ones he was involved in mind , and you might even consider the punishment somewhat harsh , given that he had placed a total of five bets worth all of € 90 .
At the time he was the world No31 and Italian No1 , but he has fallen some way since then and - as mentioned earlier - his form over the past year has n't been all that great .
An email " So , what time does this whole shebang kick off then , " demands Matt Thomassi .
They 're coming out of the dressing rooms right now Matt .
It 's 14C and cloudy in Paris , if you were wondering .
They 're knocking up now ...
The crowd at the Philippe Chatrier court currently consists of one man and perhaps half of a dog .
First set : Murray 0 - 1 Starace *
It 's not just the crowd who have been slow to rise in Paris as Murray sleep - walks through the first four points - clumping his second forehand long and rapidly falling 40 - 15 behind before finally rousing himself in time for a rally on the game 's final point .
Even then , after Murray attacks the net , Starace still manages to win the point with a flicked half - volley that kissed the inside tramline .
First set : Murray * 1 - 1 Starace
That 's more like it .
Murray holds to 15 with a couple of vicious serves that Starace does well just to get close to .
First set : Murray 1 - 2 Starace * Murray wastes a couple of break points at 15 - 40 , and Starace then holds , but the Italian needs to work out how he intends to play this one .
After shanking one backhand out off his frame of his racket while playing at the baseline , he tried to rush the net far too early on the next point and was easily passed by Murray .
He 's playing some nice shots when he does get going from the back of the court , though - plenty of pace and clever angles .
First set : Murray * 2 - 2 Starace Another routine hold to 15 for Murray .
Starace really is n't going to get anywhere unless he can get to grips with Murray 's first serves .
First set : Murray 3 - 2 Starace *
Starace dispatches a smash right into Murray 's mid-section after drawing the Scot to the net with a well - judged drop - shot to bring up 15 - 15 .
You would n't like Andy when he's angry though , and two points later it 's 15 - 40 after Murray - stumbling and nearly falling as he chases another drop - shot down by his left - hand tramline , somehow manages to dig out a wristy passing shot .
Starace brings the game do deuce again , but this time Murray steadies himself and claims the first break .
First set : Murray * 4 - 2 Starace
Another one - sided service game for Murray .
Starace actually did manage to get a few serves back that time , to be fair , but even when he did was usually sufficiently off - balance to offer Murray easy enough opportunities to pass him from the back of the court .
First set : Murray 4 - 3 Starace * Murray follows a bad shot at 15 - 30 with a very bad word .
Starace goes on to hold , though he rarely looked in control of any point on that service game .
First set : Murray * 5 - 3 Starace Murray holds to love with ease .
So far he has dropped a total of three points on serve in this match .
Murray wins the first set 6 - 3
Here 's one lesson Starace can learn from that first set : never attack the net , ever .
Pretty much every time he has done so in this match , he has gone on to lose the point , and Murray once again slides a perfect one - handed backhand down the line with Starace stranded up the court to bring up 15 - 30 .
Three points later the set is Murray's .
Second set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 1 - 0
Wow - did n't see that coming .
A series of sloppy first serves and tame seconds give Starace an opening which he gratefully accepts , taking the game to 15 - 40 with a series of violent forehands that seemed to catch Murray off - guard .
Murray rouses himself in time to force deuce , though , and eventually rescues the game .
Second set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 1 - 1 Now Starace holds to love .
We just saw the first set stats and Starace actually got 73 % of his first serves in compared to just 63 % from Murray .
The thing is that the ones Murray does get in are an entirely different prospect to those offered up by the Italian .
Second set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 1 - 2
Once again Murray looks lacklustre on serve - falling 0 - 30 and then 15 - 40 behind .
He then looks to have rescued himself with some nice old - fashioned serve and volley - bringing up deuce and rescuing two more break points , but then finally succumbs on the third as Starace dispatches a beautiful sliced backhand past Murray as he rushes forward .
You can't blame Murray for trying - every one of the points he took in that game were won from the net , after all .
Second set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 1 - 3 Starace holds to 15 and we appear to have a match on here .
" Andy Murray was coached in Spain , plays most of his tennis from the back of the court , is so quick that he 's very difficult to put away and reaches more drop shots than most , " writes Nath Jones .
" Added to that , one of his main weaknesses is his poor second serve , which is less of a problem on clay than any other surface .
So why does n't he like clay ? "
It 's not an easy one to pin down to be honest , Nath .
I think a big part of it is mental - and for all that he has been coached on clay you have to bear in mind that Murray plays more often on hard courts and certainly would n't have been playing on clay too often when he first started playing the sport .
He also tends to prefer a slow game - employing plenty of slice - from the back of the court , whereas a lot of the best clay - court players like Nadal actually play a very aggressive game ( even if it is from the back of the court ) using lots of heavy topspin .
The other element is that Murray may well be over - thinking it - he 's brought a lot more variety to his game over the past year , but I 've heard it mooted by some ex-pros that the players who do best on clay are those who know their game and stick to it - regardless of the surface .
Stefan Edberg , for instance , did well on clay despite being a serve - and - volley guy .
Second set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 1 - 4 Wow , this is really getting away from Murray now .
Broken again to 15 , his first - serve percentage has fallen to just 52 % , and he changes racket in the middle of this game , then again at the end .
Second set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 1 - 5 Another comfortable enough hold for Starace , and it looks like Murray may be ready to surrender this set .
In the meantime I have bad news for ' Return to Oz ' fans - the show has been bumped from the schedules after TV execs realised this match might take more than 40 minutes after all .
It will be shown at an enigmatic ' later date ' .
Second set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 5 Murray holds to love , just to disprove my last entry .
Starace wins the second set 6 - 2 Starace quickly jumps out to a 40 - 0 lead , but then seems to get a little complacent himself and allows Murray to bring the game back to deuce .
On the next point , though , Murray wings a forehand out between the right - hand tramlines and on the one after that he pats Starace 's second serve gently into the net .
Third set : Murray * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 1 - 0 Starace
More unforced errors from Murray , who pounds his forehead with his palm after jabbing the ball into the net again to bring up 30 - 30 .
Two big serves and one " COM ' ON !! " later , however , he does manage to hold .
Third set : Murray 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 1 - 1 Starace *
Starace holds to 30 , but this is more like it from Murray , who takes one Starace serve and biffs it straight back with a trademark two - handed backhand down the line .
He then looks to be in charge of the rally at 30 - 30 before taking a fall as he chases another measured drop - shot .
He does n't seem to be badly hurt .
Third set : Murray * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 1 - 2 Starace
Time to give some credit to Starace , who has played some genuinely magnificent shots here and none more so than the forehand with which he returns one first serve right onto the baseline about an inch from Murray 's toes to bring up 30 - 30 .
Two points later he sends a perfect backhand lob over the onrushing Brit , and the first break of the second set is his .
Third set : Murray 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 1 - 3 Starace * Murray changes his shirt but Starace still holds to love .
If there was any one shot you would say that Murray usually loves his opponents to play it 's the dropshot , as few can match the Scot for speed over his first few steps , but Starace has used it time and again here and somehow it always seems to work .
Third set : Murray * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 1 - 4 Starace
A loud gasp from the Phillipe Chatrier crowd - still only about 2/3 full , if that - as Murray finds the net again to bring up 15 - 40 .
Starace wastes his first break point , driving a forehand wide , but claims the second .
Murray is in all sorts of trouble here .
Third set : Murray 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 1 - 5 Starace *
Not nearly enough fight from Murray , who is racking up the unforced errors now and allows Starace to hold to love .
Third set : Murray * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 2 - 5 Starace Murray holds , but only after letting a 30 - 0 become 30 - 40 in a flurry of unforced errors .
You would say his best hope is that Starace runs out of steam as the match goes on , but at the moment Murray 's not even making his opponent break a sweat .
Third set : Murray 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 3 - 5 Starace *
That 's more like it from Murray .
He still looks ragged , but for the first time in a few games he also looks dogged - chasing down a number of attempted passing shots and just finding a way to get them back over the net .
That was enough to force Starace into errors of his own , and eventually to force the break .
Is there life in this set yet ?
Third set : Murray * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 4 - 5 Starace Murray is forced to save another set point , blasting a delicious cross-court forehand to the baseline with such ferocity that Starace barely even bothered to move .
Two points later , he manages to hold .
Third set : Murray 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 5 - 5 Starace *
How 's this for a comeback ?
Murray breaks
Starace to love , with each and every point followed by a fist pump and fresh bellow of delight .
Suddenly Murray is playing with aggression and conviction again , and Starace does n't know how to handle it .
Third set : Murray * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 6 - 5 Starace Absolutely stunning from Murray , who holds to 15 .
He was trying to force Starace wide with his first serve earlier in the match , but in the last two games he 's taken to firing them straight down the middle of the court , and the switch seems to have caught Starace off - guard .
Then again , belting passing shots like the two - handed backhand with which Murray brought up 30 - 0 seem to be doing a fair bit to unsettle the Italian too .
Murray wins the third set 7 - 5 A sixth straight game for Murray - unbelievable in the context of how he was playing earlier in the set , and Starace throws his racket to the ground in disgust .
He 's a hot little Potito right now ( ah leave off , I waited three whole sets to use that one ) .
Lame puns aside , Starace genuinely does seem to have lost his composure .
Murray actually did n't manage to win many points in that last game , but once again he just made it his business to keep getting the ball back over the net knowing that eventually Starace would lose the points himself .
Fourth set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 1- 0 Murray has started trying to use the drop - shot a little more himself - not a bad policy given how bad Starace has been at the net .
His latest effort was actually pretty poor , hit with too much power and landing comfortably within reaching distance for Starace half - way up the court , but the Italian did n't do enough with it and found himself stranded as Murray fizzes a cross -court shot across his face and away to the far corner of the court .
Fourth set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 -5 , 1 - 1
A straightforward hold to 15 for Starace - which he desperately needed after dropping his last three service games in succession .
" I left the office as Murray went 5 - 1 down , just came back to see him win 7 - 5 , " chimes Matt Thomassi .
" Should I venture out again ? "
Well on the one hand Matt , I can't see Murray losing this now wherever you happen to be sitting .
On the other hand , you might just hate your job - in which case go for it .
Fourth set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 2 - 1 Starace is making Murray 's life difficult again , battling his way to deuce and defying the Brit 's repeated attempts to force him onto his backhand .
In the end , though , Murray prevails .
Fourth set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 2 - 2
Starace holds to 15 , and both players look like they 're just beginning to flag a little bit with this match now more than two and a quarter hours old .
Apparently Murray has won 101 points so far this match , to Starace 's 100 .
Fourth set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 3 - 2 And Murray responds by holding to love .
He 's got his first serve firing again - in the third set he got over 70 % in and I 'd imagine he 's looking at a similar figure here in the fourth - and even on clay it has more than enough pace to make Starace 's life very difficult indeed .
Fourth set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 -5 , 3 - 3
I would love to see a statistic for how many points Starace has won in this match with drop - shots .
He looked to be in trouble after falling 15 - 30 behind , but once again ended a huge baseline rally by dropping the ball just outside Murray 's range .
The game still goes to deuce , but two points later Starace opens his body up to punch a half - court forehand past Murray to hold serve .
Fourth set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 4 - 3
Murray responds to a shaky service game from Starace with a supremely confident one of his own - never even giving the Italian a sniff as he holds to love .
Fourth set : Murray leads Starace * 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 -5 , 4 - 4
At which point , of course , Starace comes right back and holds without dropping a point himself .
Fourth set : Murray * leads Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 5 - 4
Who is going to blink first here ?
Murray holds to 15 , and after a third set in which Murray was broken twice and Starace three times , we now have a fourth in which nobody has come particularly close to dropping serve through the first nine games .
Murray beats Starace 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 4
There are times when Murray 's winners make you gasp at his sheer athleticism involved , and there are others when they make you purr at his apparent nonchalance .
He forces deuce with three of the latter here , beating Starace time and again with almost identical passing forehands - hit down the line without any great force but timed to perfection and placed exactly where they needed to be .
Starace rescues two match points but eventually , inevitably , Murray took the third with a blistering cross-court forehand .
He will face either Janko Tipsarevic or Feliciano Lopez in the next round .
Thanks for all your emails .
Every now and then I come across a law that just does n’t make sense , either from an environmental standpoint or a logical one .
For instance , until last year the province of Ontario had a ban on clotheslines in order to ‘ preserve the aesthetics of residential areas ’ .
Thankfully this law was overturned several months ago , but similar bans are still in effect in many municipalities across North America .
I came across an equally inane law this past week – the ban on collection of rainwater in the state of Colorado .
This law has historical ties , as Colorado long ago developed a system whereby a group of individuals or corporations referred to as ‘ downstream water - owners ’ had rights to a certain amount of flow from a reservoir , stream , or aquifer .
The harvesting of rain by non water - owner Colorado residents is prohibited because it is considered water theft , even when the water is falling on their own property .
Basically a rain barrel is depriving a downstream water - owner of the full flow to which they are legally entitled .
Kevin Lusk , water supply engineer of Colorado Springs Utilities , explains :
All the water was spoken for here in the Arkansas Basin 100 years ago or more .
If the water falls as rain , that ’s water that was going to get to the stream system , and somebody already has dibs on it , and if somebody intercepts that , its the same as stealing .
Thankfully this law , which carries with it a $ 500 fine for an installed residential rain barrel , is rarely enforced .
But even if the authorities are looking in the other direction , there would still be a large number of people that are hesitant to install rain barrels for fear of being subject to a fine .
Are rain barrels really that threatening to the delicate water balance of the water cycle in this arid state ?
A key point is that rain barrels are not a permanent removal of water from the system .
Rain barrel owners are not collecting rain water and transporting it out of the watershed for their own personal gain .
Barrels are temporary reservoirs where rain water is held before it is used for watering flower beds , gardens , or lawns , after which it will inevitably return to the ground water system .
And what is the alternative to rain barrel use ?
Colorado residents that do not have a rain barrel will be using water from the municipal water system for landscape maintenance ( unless they are on a well ) .
Treated potable water is not necessary for watering lawns and gardens – rain barrels would help to take pressure off of municipal water supplies in a state that suffers from chronic water shortages and increasing demands .
Two new recent pieces of legislation indicate that Colorado may be starting to embrace the rain barrel concept .
The laws are restricted to well owners and a number of new residential developments in the state , but they are going to be used to assess the viability of larger - scale rain barrel allowances in the future .
Image : _ES at flickr under a CC License
Stephen Boles is co-founder of Kuzuka , a marketplace website that brings a new level of convenience and confidence to carbon offset customers and provide consulting services to organizations that want to assess and reduce their carbon footprint .
Every so often , parliamentary history is made that subsequently shapes the centuries ahead .
The signing of Magna Carta still has implications for our democracy .
The events surrounding Charles I and the Civil War live on today as the monarchy bows to the will of the House of Commons when , at the State Opening , the doors of the Commons are slammed shut as Black Rod approaches .
The next speaker may have such a chance to lead a historic reform of our tarnished democracy .
The developments of the past two weeks , culminating in yesterday 's announcement by the Speaker , will have repercussions down the centuries .
Future A - level history students will be answering questions not only about the Long Parliament and the Rump Parliament , but also about the " Moat " Parliament ( otherwise perhaps known as the " Manure " Parliament ) presided over by Speaker Martin – the first Speaker to be forcibly removed from office in 300 years .
His name will be as familiar to future historians - for the wrong reasons - as Speaker Lenthall was in the 17th century .
That Mr Martin had to go became inevitable .
He has been identified as the commander - in - chief and defender of the culture of Commons secrecy and corruption .
His resistance to the Freedom of Information Act made matters worse .
But the scenes witnessed in the last few days made me weep .
I have no brief for Mr Martin but the manner of his demise is tragic .
Never , ever , in my 18 years under Speaker Thomas , Speaker Weatherill or Speaker Betty Boothroyd did I see such scenes of open rebellion .
The mere swish of Betty 's gown as she admonished a recalcitrant MP was enough to bring order .
All three commanded instant respect , in and out of Parliament , and it is a crying shame that Mr Martin - a personally decent and kindly cove - should have been so badly advised .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Of course Mr Martin was not up to the job - that was precisely why he was chosen in 2000 - when Labour had over 400 MPs .
This was the time when Tony Blair and Alastair Campbell were neutering the Commons and when Betty Boothroyd was trying , heroically , to defend the Commons from the New Labour reign of terror .
But they wanted a pliant stooge .
So instead of following convention and allowing a Tory to be nominated , the Labour whips ' organised for Mr Martin .
But all that is over .
Mr Martin is over , Mr Blair is over and Gordon Brown is nearly over .
A new era may be upon us .
While Mr Brown belatedly recognised this new era with his hasty announcement of a system of independent adjudication of MPs pay and rations ( which he put before other party leaders at the Speaker 's meeting yesterday afternoon ) he still fails to recognise that the people want retribution .
At his press conference
He made much of disciplining wayward Labour MPs , yet Elliot Morley and David Chaytor merely remain suspended .
( Incredibly , Mr Morley continues to chair a select committee for which he receives an additional £ 20,000 on top of his salary . )
But Mr Brown could have announced their expulsion .
The Prime Minister was at his worst as he promised that any Labour MP who had broken the rules would be de-selected , yet he made the lawyerly distinction that Hazel Blears was within the rules – even though he disapproved of her actions .
Instead of promising reviews , committees , inquiries and commissions a few sackings would carry more conviction .
But the people want revenge against the MPs who have defrauded them out of their taxes to pay for the outrageous expenses claims .
Voters want prosecution , de-selection , dismissal , defeat and defenestration .
( Already Douglas Hogg is to stand down . )
But they also want rejuvenation - a new Speaker , a new Parliament - and a new electoral system based on open democracy .
After the farce of Mr Martin 's original election there are new rules - involving a secret ballot for the election of the new Speaker .
There is still a majority of Labour MPs - some of whom might be tempted to follow " party " line .
Similarly Tories might coalesce around a single candidate .
Runners and riders will probably include Sir Alan Haselhurst , Mr Martin 's deputy .
But he is in trouble over gardening expenses .
Sir George Young , an Old Etonian Tory , will have another try but he is simply too establishment .
Sir Menzies Campbell might have had a chance before his £ 10,000 flat renovation became public .
But if constitutional reform is the voters ' clarion cry - including electoral reform - then MPs should consider candidates regardless of party labels and regardless of the previous convention that " it 's our party 's turn " .
Given the need for the public - as well as the Commons - to have confidence in Parliament restored , I would vote for Frank Field or Vince Cable .
They would certainly be the peoples ' choice .
With Snow Leopard finally been given a release date and a price , the comparisons with Windows 7 are starting to pop up all over the place , especially focussing on the price aspect of things .
While Apple ’s move to price Snow Leopard at 29 USD for Leopard owners is a very welcome one , the move does n’t mean that Microsoft is getting a price beating from Apple .
No soup for you !
There are a few very important aspects to this whole pricing issue that many seem to overlook .
The most important one is that the 29 USD will get you an upgrade copy .
Not a full version .
If Apple ’s past behaviour with its Up - to - Date program is anything to go by , this means that you will need Leopard installed before you can install your copy of Snow Leopard , and that if you want to perform a clean install , you ’ll need to install Leopard first , and Snow Leopard second .
In addition , Apple still has n’t made anything known about a possible full retail version of Snow Leopard , and its possible price tag .
This is an issue for users for Mac OS X Tiger , since they will not be able to buy Snow Leopard for 29 USD ; instead , Apple suggests Tiger users buy a box set which includes iWork and iLife , which comes in at 169 USD .
While this 169 gives you some good value for your money , this price is actually not lowered at all – previous box sets , with Leopard and Tiger as the operating system , also went for 169 USD .
This means that Tiger users will not benefit at all from the 29 USD price tag for Leopard .
On top of that , what if you do n’t want or need newer versions of iLife and iWork ?
What if you already have them ?
What if you do n’t care about them at all ?
Apple is punishing Tiger users for not having upgraded to Leopard .
On the Windows 7 side , things look much , much brighter .
Windows XP users are also eligible for the Windows 7 upgrade sets , so that people who bought their operating system in 2001 (! ) are still eligible for the upgrade ; that means 8 years of Windows purchases covered , versus only 2 (! ) years of Mac OS X purchases covered .
Then there ’s the issue of hardware cut - off points .
Both Snow Leopard and Windows 7 went on a diet compared to their predecessors , and will see performance improvements on the same hardware .
However , Windows 7 has a major advantage in that it can run on hardware that ’s even as old as 7 years – my Pentium 4 2.8 Ghz with 2GB of RAM from 2002 does its job as a Windows 7 media centre outstandingly , inlcudig instant sleep / hibernate / wake cycles , full HD playback , and all the bells and whistles .
Snow Leopard , on the other hand , will only run on Intel Macs , meaning that high - end machines still sold in August 2006 ( PowerMac G5 ) , with pretty hefty price tags , are now left in the cold .
In other words , it is much more likely that Windows users will be able to run Windows 7 without having to invest in new hardware than Mac users do with Snow Leopard .
On top of all this comes the fact that the 29 USD price for Snow Leopard does n’t even compete with Windows 7 ’s prices .
As said , the 29 USD is for Leopard owners only , meaning that the price is utterly irrelevant when talking about switchers ; they simply do n’t benefit one bit from this pricing .
All in all , the 29 USD price is nothing but a ( very welcome ) gift to loyal Apple users who diligently emptied their wallets every time Apple asked them to , while the Windows 7 upgrade prices benefit even the most non-loyal Microsoft customers , even those who punished Microsoft for the abysmal Vista fiasco by , well , not buying into Vista .
Seen in this light , Microsoft ’s upgrade prices – which are still not confirmed , but will probably be round and about 50 - 70 for Windows 7 Home Premium , and 100 - 120 for Professional , seem a lot more useful to a lot more people .
Which is the better upgrade ?
This is a really intriguing question .
Which of the two operating system upgrades provide more value for your money ?
The problem with this one is that it includes a comparison to their predecessors , making it a little bit more complicated .
Snow Leopard is truly a release where the under - the - hood stuff is more important than user - visible changes .
OpenCL , Grand Central , removal of PowerPC code , fully 64 bit , they all aid in making Snow Leopard faster and leaner .
There are also some interface tweaks , but they are small ( but useful ! ) , and certinaly do n’t draw that much attention .
Windows 7 is a completely different story .
Microsoft has made the operating system perform better than Windows Vista ( and every report confirms that ) , with some even claiming performance on par with Windows XP , especially on more recent hardware .
It could very well be that Snow Leopard gives a more substantial improvement in this area , but Snow Leopard has it easy ; only very recent and powerful 64 bit machines will see this benefit .
Windows 7 ’s ( possibly ) more modest performance gains over Vista will benefit machines that are much older and / or much less powerful .
For instance , both that old Pentium 4 box as well as my low - spec Acer Aspire One perform better with Windows 7 than with Vista .
Similarly aged and / or specced Macs can’t even run Snow Leopard at all !
However , where the difference really becomes obvious is the interface changes Windows 7 introduces , and all the pulling - together of frameworks and features introduced with Windows Vista , and exposing them to users in much more useful ways than Vista did .
The best example of this is Homegroup , which pulls together various technologies and features introduced with Windows Vista , and presents them in a way that makes managing your network and shared files ( especially in combination with the Libraries feature ) completely painless .
Another example is that various driver upgrades no longer require a restart , such as graphics drivers .
The interface of Windows itself has also been massively cleaned up compared to Vista .
It really takes some intensive usage to reveal just how much of the interface has been cleaned up , made more consistent , and overall prettified without losing functionality .
My personal favourite is Windows 7 ’s Explorer file manager , which is such joy to use now , while the Vista one was a busy and clumsy mess .
Of course , there are still trouble spots , such as the overly crowded Control Panel .
Snow Leopard simply does n’t bring these kinds of massive interface improvements .
Conclusion
Overall though , while Snow Leopard certainly is a nicely priced upgrade to Leopard , and I ’m sure going to buy the Family Pack to upgrade my parents ’
iMac and my own Mac , it just does n’t compare very favouribly to Windows 7 as an upgrade , in a multitude of aspects : supported machines , previous releases still eligible , and the number of people who are actually able to benefit from the upgrade .
On top of that , I believe Windows 7 is a far more substantial upgrade than Snow Leopard , but I ’m sure many will disagree with me on that specific one .
Selected here are some of the highlights of the lost World War One images available exclusively on The Indepedent .
Help us piece together the clues and unearth the stories behind these images , by contributing your comments and research suggestions by following the links below , or clicking on the gallery to the right .
A black soldier
A military tattoo
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Soldiers holding a ragged doll
A 1912 Zenith Gradua Motorbike
The Glasgow Highlander
A 1913 Triumph Motorbike
The Canadian
A shortage of overcoats
Australians in slouch hats
Soldier enjoying a drink
The mixed insignia
The lace - up boots
Peter Yang
the best time to see movies .
I remember once , years ago , I was walking out a door —
I 'd been having a conversation and I was walking out the door , and this guy said to me , " Chris , " and I stopped and I turned , and he said , " Be careful . "
And I never forgot that .
And it comes back to me often :
Be careful .
That was good advice .
That 's supposed to be a fact , that the question mark is originally from an Egyptian hieroglyph that signified a cat walking away .
You know , it 's the tail .
And that symbol meant — well , whatever it is when they 're ignoring you .
When I was a kid , there was someone in my family , an adult , and whenever I saw them , they would say , " You got a lotta nerve . "
From the time I was a little kid , it was always like , " Heh , heh , heh — you got a lotta nerve . "
I always thought , What does that mean ?
But then when I got older , I thought that it was an instruction .
If you tell a kid something , it sticks .
I think I do have a lot of nerve .
But , I mean , I think I maybe got it from that person who said it to me .
My father was a lesson .
He had his own bakery , and it was closed one day a week , but he would go anyway .
He did it because he really loved his bakery .
It was n't a job .
I used to love Danish .
My father used to make a Boston cream pie .
You never see that anymore .
Very good .
Most of the jobs I get are basically very unwholesome people .
There 's always something wrong with the guy , and sometimes something deeply wrong .
I 'm tired of that .
I tell my agent I want a Fred MacMurray part .
I want a part where I have a wife and kids and a dog and a house , and my kids say to me , " What do you think I should do , Dad ? " and I say , " Be careful . "
I always figured that if I 'm gonna be playing these people , that there should be this relationship to the audience that is very clear .
" That 's Chris , and look at Chris having a good time , wanting to take over the world and sink California and shoot everybody in the room " — just so long as they understand that that 's Chris on the set having fun .
And that Chris would n't really do anything like that .
Golf .
My God , that 's a mysterious occupation .
I know people who are — good friends — who are absolutely smitten , practicing their swing and talking about it .
I can understand some sort of sport where your body got a benefit , like marathon running or bicycle racing .
That 's not golf .
And not only that , but the whole business of standing in the sun — my God .
That 's like torture .
I love spaghetti .
And I like to cook spaghetti .
And I used to eat it every day .
I weighed thirty pounds more than I do now .
You can't — you can't do that .
Ice cream — I love to watch television and eat ice cream .
But that 's like a ten - year - old .
I can't do that anymore .
Beer .
Beer , spaghetti , ice cream .
Professional dancers do n't go dancing .
When you 're onstage and you know you 're bombing , that 's very , very scary .
Because you know you gotta keep going — you 're bombing , but you can't stop .
And you know that half an hour from now , you 're still gonna be bombing .
It takes a thick skin .
I had an agent when I first got into the movies who said to me , " You 're gonna be in Los Angeles now once in a while .
If somebody invites you to a party , do n't go .
Stay in your room , go to the movies . "
And I have a feeling I know sort of what he meant :
Do n't show your face around too much .
Let 'em be a little glad to see you .
It all happened when I did The Deer Hunter .
Suddenly — I 'd already been in show business for thirty years , and nothing much had happened .
I mean , I really was laboring in obscurity , and then suddenly this movie .
It was kind of infectious , and I really did become rather social .
Gregarious .
And that lasted , I do n't know , ten years .
Movie scripts are usually pretty loose — things usually change a lot .
But not with Quentin .
His scripts are absolutely huge .
All dialogue .
It 's all written down .
You just learn the lines .
It 's more like a play .
Sometimes I look at this watch and I think ,
There 's some guy that puts these little screws in there ?
There is something about it .
I 'm not into cars , either , but there is something about a really magnificent car .
Me and Dennis [ Hopper ] , when we were doing that scene in True Romance , it was hilarious .
It really was — including shooting him .
All that laughing was real .
He was killing me .
And all the guys around us — that was a very cracking - up day .
I like to listen to radio interviews .
I got a list of things that if I was n't so lazy , I would do something about , but the idea of having a radio show — two people talking on the radio is fascinating .
I 'll bet you there 's some college around here — they all have radio stations .
I get now that I do n't like to go anywhere , so if there was some place down the road — twenty minutes ' drive .
I do n't like zoos .
Awful .
They say that the human smile is in fact one of those primordial things — that in fact it 's a showing of teeth , that it 's a warning .
That when we smile , in a primeval way it has to do with fear .
There 's something dangerous about what 's funny .
Jarring and disconcerting .
There is a connection between funny and scary .
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Mr Netanyahu was making his first trip to Europe since taking office Israel 's foreign ministry has accused France of unacceptable meddling in its internal affairs over a reported comment by President Nicolas Sarkozy .
He was quoted by Israeli TV calling for Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , who leads a far - right party , to be sacked .
The plea , which has not been confirmed nor denied by officials , was allegedly made during a meeting with Israeli premier Benjamin Netanyahu last week .
Israeli Arab leaders have accused the foreign minister of anti-Arab racism .
Ahmed Tibi , a member of the Israeli parliament for the United Arab List , welcomed President Sarkozy 's comments , saying : " The international community has started to absorb the danger of the fascism " coming from Mr Lieberman .
You need to get rid of this man ...
You need to remove him from this position
Attributed to President Nicolas Sarkozy
However , the deputy leader of Mr Lieberman 's Yisrael Beiteinu party called the comments " grave and unacceptable " .
Mr Lieberman 's office said : " If this report is correct then this is an unacceptable interference in internal Israeli affairs . "
Mr Netanyahu 's office issued a statement saying the PM voiced his " full confidence " in Mr Lieberman during a meeting with ambassadors from European Union countries .
' Privately pragmatic ' Israeli Channel
Two reported that President Sarkozy advised Mr Netanyahu to " get rid " of Mr Lieberman during their meeting in Paris .
He also suggested that his predecessor Tzipi Livni be restored to the post , according to the report .
Mr Lieberman 's Yisrael Beiteinu party came third in Israel 's 2009 elections " You need to get rid of this man ...
You need to remove him from this position , " Mr Sarkozy reportedly said , to which Mr Netanyahu replied that " in private [ Mr Lieberman ] is pragmatic " .
Mr Sarkozy then reportedly said France 's far - right leader Jean - Marie Le Pen was also a pleasant person in private .
Infrastructure Minister Uzi Landau , who belongs to Yisrael Beiteinu , told Israeli army radio : " It is hard to believe that the leader of a friendly country would express himself in such a way . "
" If I was the prime minister , and those statements were made in my presence , I would have banged on the table and protested .
That is how a prime minister who preserves his country 's dignity should behave . "
Avigdor Lieberman has been a controversial figure in Israeli politics and his appointment as foreign minister after the February 2009 election was received with caution internationally .
He is known for a hard - line stance on peace negotiations with the Palestinians and remarks about Israeli Arabs that have been widely seen as racist .
He has also been a staunch defender of Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank , where he has a private residence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
He attempted to escape when he was allowed out of the cellar on Friday for cigarette break in the garden while the kidnappers waited on their loot attempted .
In the pouring rain he ran down the street pursued by his captors in the Audi A8 they had used to transport him to the house .
Coleman Attny : ' Send it back to 3 - judge panel ' ; Franken Attny : ' Confident ' he 'll be seated ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 6/1/2009 , 10:42 am PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
From their respective press conferences following today 's oral argument at the Minnesota Supreme Court on former Senator Norm Coleman 's appeal of the results of his U.S. Senate election contest ...
" We are asking that the court send it back to the three judge panel to apply the same standard as election night ...
Our case is in the offers of proof . "
- Coleman attorney Joe Friedberg
" The most important question is how long it will take to enfranchise 4,000 Minnesotans . "
- Former Senator Norm Coleman
" With a ruling from the State Supreme Court we ’ll be at the end of this process ... I am confident that at the end of the process ... Al Franken will be seated . "
- Franken attorney Marc Elias
Minnesota held a general election for a U.S. Senate seat on Nov. 4 , 2008 .
By way of a machine - count of paper ballots , incumbent Republican Senator Norm Coleman led his Democratic challenger Al Franken by 206 votes .
As this was less than one - half of one percent of the total vote , it triggered an automatic , state law mandated hand count , which commenced on Nov. 19 , 2008 and ended on Jan. 5 , 2009 .
On Jan. 5 , 2009 , at the end of the painstaking , fully transparent hand count , the bipartisan State Canvassing Board unanimously certified that Franken had received 225 more votes that Coleman .
One day later , Coleman filed a notice that he was contesting the election .
As early as Feb. 22 , 2009 , we declared Coleman ’s election contest " dead in its tracks , " based on a detailed legal analysis of his case .
We said then that it was " increasingly apparent that the Coleman position is devoid of merit , yet his team plods on . "
Intermediate rulings that occurred over the course of a seven week trial , during which the three - judge panel heard testimony from 142 witnesses , received in evidence 1,717 exhibits and 19,181 pages of pleadings , motions and briefs , and the three - judge panel ’s April 13 , 2009 final decision [ PDF ] confirmed that our initial “ dead in its tracks ” observation was spot on .
As a result of the contest , Franken ’s margin of victory increased from 225 votes to 312 votes .
On April 16 , 2009 we described the three - judge panel ’s 68 - page final decision as “ an exquisite piece of judicial craftsmanship ” in which every Coleman factual and legal argument was “ carefully inspected , dissected ; exposed for its lack of substance and then discarded . ”
We observed that while “ the numbers in this election may have been close , the so - called ' contest ' was a one - sided affair . ”
On April 20 , 2009 we reported that Coleman had appealed the three - judge panel decision to the Minnesota Supreme Court .
On May 12 , 2009 we reported on and linked to the briefs filed by Coleman and Franken .
We agreed with Franken attorney Marc Elias that the appeal was without merit .
Today , June 1 , 2009 --- 209 days after voters went to the polls to select their U.S. Senator --- the MN Supreme Court heard oral arguments presented by Coleman attorney Joe Friedberg and Franken attorney Mark Elias .
* * *
While we concur with Elias that one has to be cautious not to read too much into questions posed by an appellate court during oral arguments , when one combines Coleman 's heavy burden to establish trial court error , the relative strength of the briefs and the overall tenor of the questions posed by the MN Supreme Court , there appears to be very little reason for altering the conclusion we arrived at back on Feb. 22 , 2009 .
Coleman 's election contest is still " dead in its tracks . "
Both Elias and Friedberg scarcely got into their prepared arguments before the Court began peppering them with questions .
Friedberg was immediately pressed by the Court to concede that the Minnesota statutes did not violate either Equal Protection or Due Process .
Friedberg agreed .
Coleman 's challenge is based on the disparate application of those statutes in different counties .
The Court asked and Friedberg conceded that team Coleman did not contend " election officials engaged in misconduct by announcing one standard before the election and then applying the different standard . "
" You ’re saying , " the Court observed , " the panel violated due process .
How do you get around [ the federal cases ] that rely on fraud or widespread misconduct when there are findings that there was none , and under ordinary review , the findings were not clearly erroneous ? "
Friedberg emphatically conceded that there was no evidence of " fraud or widespread misconduct . "
He contended , as he did unsuccessfully before the three - judge election contest panel , that the variances in how different counties determined whether absentee ballots had been lawfully cast reveals that a " substantial compliance " standard was applied at the time of the election , and that by applying a " strict compliance " during the contest trial , the three judge panel violated both Due Process and Equal Protection .
As Friedberg 's post - hearing comment reveals , this entire argument hinged on the quality of the offer of proof presented to the three - judge panel .
It was here that questions from several of the Justices suggest that the Coleman motor boat had crashed on a rocky shoal :
The Court :
In my experience I have never seen an offer of proof that did n’t identify witnesses and evidence to be offered .
Why is n’t the offer of proof inadequate ?
...
The Court : An offer of proof has to be on the record .
...
The Court : ... It seems you offered a theory but no concrete evidence to back it up .
...
The Court : I am very bothered by your offer of proof ... I went through your list of sample ballots --- they ’re just lists of names .
Friedberg pointed to pictures of unsigned ballot envelopes that were appended to Coleman 's offer of proof .
That became the focal point in a colloquy between the Court and Franken 's attorney Elias :
The Court :
The question is who received the most legally cast votes .
What is your position on the merits of [ the ] offer of proof --- you look at the first envelope and it appears facially that this was not a properly cast ballot .
How can we tell who received the most legally cast votes ?
Elias :
We do n’t know the facts or circumstances beyond the envelope .
Every ballot tells the story .
You ca n’t take the broad brush ... [ It ] was his burden to prove and he ca n’t stand up and speculate ...
The Court : Were any illegally cast [ ballots ] counted ?
Elias :
There 's nothing in the record to support that ...
...
The Court :
What innocent explanation is there for no signature ?
Elias :
There could have been a replacement ballot ...
[ The voter may have been ] handicapped --- there are stories behind the ballots , [ which cannot be ascertained by ] simply appending envelopes to a document .
Elias added that Coleman failed to identify the specific ballots he was challenging in response to pre-trial discovery ; that the information sought was vital to determining the " story behind the ballot . "
The Court picked up on Elias 's point when it posed questions during Friedberg 's rebuttal presentation .
The Court :
The other side would say bring in the ballots and let 's look and see .
We need to see the ballots to show what happened .
That 's the only way to determine [ whether an absentee ballot was ] properly accepted or rejected .
Friedberg :
They 're in our offer of proof .
The Court also was troubled by Coleman 's effort to provide cursory evidence from a few counties and extrapolate conclusions as to all 87 of Minnesota 's counties .
A number of questions suggested that , like the three - judge panel , the Court probably does not agree with Coleman 's argument that a " substantial compliance " standard should be applied to the opening and counting of absentee ballots .
The Court not only pointed to the language of MN election statutes but , at one point , noted that during the hand - count , Coleman had argued that " strict compliance " was required .
Friedberg responded , " We did n’t realize that whether a vote is counted is based on where you cast your vote . "
( Our own admittedly cynical take is that Coleman 's legal posture changed only because he did n't realize then that a hand - count would show that Franken won . )
The Court : Your [ Friedberg 's ] position is that most ballots were allowed in on a substantial compliance standard .
The district court made a factual finding that you failed to meet burden on this .
I am troubled by the broad statement .
While , as noted above , Elias was immediately peppered with questions , and while some of those questions suggest that the Court may not have agreed with Franken on " every " issue , there was a significant contrast in their tenor .
The court opened with :
The Court :
To the extent that the US Senate will make the ultimate decision , how do we issue an opinion without it being an advisory opinion .
Do we have the authority to do anything here ?
Elias :
The court has the jurisdiction to determine who received the most votes .
The Court has jurisdiction to proceed .
Coleman was evasive when asked during a post - hearing press conference whether he intended to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court .
" Let 's see what the Court does . "
In a June 1 , 2009 Los Angeles Times editorial Loyola Law Prof Richard L. Hasen suggested that the Senate provisionally seat Franken if Coleman loses his appeal .
We do not fully concur .
The Senate has the plenary power to seat its members .
If the Minnesota Supreme Court upholds the three - judge panel , it should order Republican Governor Tim Pawlenty and Democratic Secretary of State Mark Ritchie to perform their " ministerial duty " to prepare , countersign and deliver the certificate of election promptly to the secretary of the U.S. Senate .
Franken should then be seated , period .
The seating should be final , not " provisional . "
The Senate should put an end to Coleman 's charade .
UPDATE , 06/02/09 :
In a June 2 , 2009 article , John Schwartz of The New York Times suggested the MN Supreme Court had been " sharply skeptical " of the Coleman legal claim , pointing to questioning in which Associate Justice Christopher J. Dietzen said that Coleman had offered " no concrete evidence " to back up his claim that thousands of absentee ballots had been wrongfully excluded .
Schwartz estimated the Court could issue its decision " within weeks . "
As we reported previously , Justice Dietzen was appointed to the MN Supreme Court by Republican Governor Tim Pawlenty .
UPDATE # 2 , 06/02/09 : With 19 months left in office , MN Governor Tim Pawlenty announced : “ I will not seek a third term as the Governor of the State of Minnesota .
… I am announcing my decision now so that candidates interested in running for this office will have ample time to make their plans and to make their case to the people of MN … .
I do n’t have any plans beyond serving to the end of my term . ”
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1977 and has practiced in the fields of civil litigation and workers ' compensation at both the trial and appellate levels .
He graduated cum laude from Southwestern University School of Law where he served as a student director of the clinical studies department and authored the Law Review Article , Executive Privilege : Myths & Realities .
He received an MA in political science at Cal State University Northridge and a BA in political science from UCLA .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
A Christian hospital worker who was ordered to remove a crucifix " which could harbour infection " has left her job in protest .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Devout Helen Slatter , 43 , was told by Gloucestershire Royal Hospital the necklace posed a health and safety risk and could even be used as weapon .
Ms Slatter , a blood sampler - or phlebologist - was not content to accept the hospital 's offer that she wear the emblem in her pocket and has now resigned .
The mother of one said she was not willing to choose between her job and her religion , despite the NHS trust insisting the issue was about safety , not faith .
The divorcee told the Gloucestershire Echo : " They made it clear that if I went back the hospital would send me home if I was wearing my crucifix .
" I am not willing to stop wearing it , so I have been left with no choice but to leave my job .
They are the NHS and are n't going to back down - I 'm not sure if I 'd want to work somewhere where I had been treated like this anyway . "
When the deadlock occurred last month Mrs Slatter , who worked at the hospital for five years said : " I 've always worn my cross and I 've always been a Christian .
It is important to me .
I 've worked here for 15 months and if it was an issue , why did n't they let me know in the interview ?
" The NHS have spend money training me . "
The cross was worn under the uniform , said Ms Slatter who attends St Peter 's Catholic Church in London Road .
If she had come back wearing the cross the hospital would have sent her home for reasons of " health and safety and infection control " , she revealed .
A spokesman for Gloucestershire NHS Trust confirmed today that she had handed in her notice .
An " informal " non-disciplinary meeting last month failed to reach a solution , the trust said .
A fuller statement is expected this afternoon .
When the row erupted in May the trust said : " The issue is not one of religion .
The trust employs a uniform policy which must be adhered to at all times .
" Necklaces and chains present two problems - firstly they provide a surface that can harbour and spread infections , and secondly they present a health and safety issue whereby a patient could grab a necklace or chain and cause harm to a member of staff . "
Jewellery is restricted to one pair of plain ear studs and one band - type ring on the ring finger , the trust added .
Mrs Slatter finished her shift on May 12 and never returned after being signed off with stress .
The case echoes that of Nadia Eweida , who clashed with British Airways after refusing to take off a crucifix .
BA later changed its policy to allow staff to wear a " religious symbol " .
Last year bank nurse Caroline Petrie , from Weston - super - Mare , Somerset faced disciplinary action after a patient complained that she had offered to pray for her .
The primary care trust later agreed that she could continue to pray for patients as long as she asked first them if they had any spiritual needs .
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is an author and foreign affairs analyst who hosts " Fareed Zakaria GPS " on CNN at 1 and 5 p.m. ET Sundays , and on CNN International 0900 , 1600 Buenos Aires l 1300 , 2000 London l 2000 , 0300 ( Mon ) HK
Fareed Zakaria says " no one bought " Khamenei's " divine assessment " of the official election result .
( CNN ) --
The decisive margin of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's victory in the June 12 election stunned many observers and angered his opponents ' supporters , who in the ensuing days took to the streets in protest by the hundreds of thousands .
Some experts have called the effect unprecedented : Several powerful figures have openly supported the top challenger , Mir Hossein Moussavi , even as the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has endorsed the official results favoring Ahmadinejad .
In the meantime , using online social networking sites such as Twitter , Iranians have been able to get around the government 's efforts to restrict media coverage , and the outcry against the election result has intensified .
At Friday prayers in Tehran , Khamenei told a partisan audience the " ruling elites " would be " held accountable for all violence and blood and rioting . "
CNN spoke with Fareed Zakaria about the significance of the recent protests and the leadership 's response :
CNN : As you 've seen the situation in Iran develop over the last week , what are your thoughts ?
' Fareed Zakaria : GPS '
See analysis of the turmoil in Iran on this week 's " GPS " Sunday , 1 and 5 p.m. ET / On CNN International : 0900 , 1600 Buenos Aires l 1300 , 2000 London l 2000 , 0300 ( Mon ) HK
see full schedule »
Fareed Zakaria :
One of the first things that strikes me is we are watching the fall of Islamic theocracy .
CNN : Do you mean you think the regime will fall ?
Zakaria :
No , I do n't mean the Iranian regime will fall soon .
It may -- I certainly hope it will -- but repressive regimes can stick around for a long time .
I mean that this is the end of the ideology that lay at the basis of the Iranian regime .
The regime 's founder , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , laid out his special interpretation of political Islam in a series of lectures in 1970 .
In this interpretation of Shia Islam , Islamic jurists had divinely ordained powers to rule as guardians of the society , supreme arbiters not only on matters of morality but politics as well .
When Khomeini established the Islamic Republic of Iran , this idea was at its heart .
Last week , that ideology suffered a fatal wound .
CNN : How so ?
Zakaria :
When the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , declared the election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a " divine assessment , " he was indicating it was divinely sanctioned .
But no one bought it .
He was forced to accept the need for an inquiry into the election .
The Guardian Council , Iran 's supreme constitutional body , met with the candidates and promised to investigate and perhaps recount some votes .
Khamenei has subsequently hardened his position but that is now irrelevant .
Something very important has been laid bare in Iran today --- legitimacy does not flow from divine authority but from popular support .
CNN : There have been protests in Iran before .
What makes this different ?
Zakaria :
In the past the protests were always the street against the state , and the clerics all sided with the state .
When the reformist president , Mohammed Khatami , was in power , he entertained the possibility of siding with the street , but eventually stuck with the establishment .
The street and state are at odds again but this time the clerics are divided .
Khatami has openly sided with the challenger , Mir Hossein Moussavi , as has the reformist Grand Ayatollah Montazeri .
So has Ali Larijani , the speaker of the parliament and a man with strong family connections to the highest levels of the religious hierarchy .
Behind the scenes , the former president , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , now head of the Assembly of Experts , another important constitutional body , is waging a campaign against Ahmadinejad and even the supreme leader himself .
If senior clerics dispute Khamenei 's divine assessment and argue that the Guardian Council is wrong , it is a death blow to the basic premise behind the Islamic Republic of Iran .
It is as if a senior Soviet leader had said in 1980 that Karl Marx was not the right guide to economic policy .
CNN : What should the United States do ?
Zakaria : I would say continue what we have been doing .
By reaching out to Iran , publicly and repeatedly , President Obama has made it extremely difficult for the Iranian regime to claim that they are battling an aggressive America bent on attacking Iran .
In his inaugural address , his New Year greetings , and his Cairo speech , there is a consistent effort to convey respect and friendship for Iranians .
That is why Khamenei reacted so angrily to the New Year greeting .
It undermined the image of the Great Satan that he routinely paints in his sermons .
In his Friday sermon , Khamenei said that the United States , Israel , and especially the United Kingdom were behind the street protests , an accusation that will surely sound ridiculous to most Iranians .
The fact that Obama has been cautious in his reaction makes it all the harder for Khamenei and Ahmadinejad to wrap themselves in a nationalist flag .
CNN : But should n't the U.S. be more vocal in support for the Iranian protesters ?
Zakaria : I think a good historic analogy is President George H.W. Bush 's cautious response to the cracks in the Soviet empire in 1989 .
Then , many neo -conservatives were livid with Bush for not loudly supporting those trying to topple the communist regimes in Eastern Europe .
But Bush 's concern was that the situation was fragile .
Those regimes could easily crack down on the protestors and the Soviet Union could send in tanks .
Handing the communists reasons to react forcefully would help no one , least of all the protesters .
Bush 's basic approach was correct and has been vindicated by history .
CNN : Finally , do you think the regime will survive ?
Zakaria :
As I said before , repressive regimes can last a long time , and this regime can definitely endure if they are willing to use force , impose a strict crackdown on protests , and arrest the leaders of the opposition .
Only time will tell , so we will have see what develops .
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Nuclear Weapons
CoreList
You want to use a module , but you 're only allowed to use core modules ?
Or you want to recommend a module to somebody , and you know it 's more likely that he 'll use a module if it's in core ( and thus he wo n't hand - roll his crappy CGI parser , and open a wide door to spammers ) ?
Module : : CoreList is the answer , and it comes with a very handy script called corelist :
$ corelist Unicode : : Normalize Unicode :: Normalize was first released with perl 5.007003 $ corelist DBI DBI was not in CORE ( or so I think ) # search with regexes $ corelist / Tie / Pod : : Simple : : TiedOutFH was first released with perl 5.009003
Tie :: Array was first released with perl 5.005 Tie : : File was first released with perl 5.007003
Tie : : Handle was first released with perl 5.00405 Tie :: Hash was first released with perl 5.002 Tie : : Hash :: NamedCapture was first released with perl 5.009005
Tie :: Memoize was first released with perl 5.007003
Tie:: RefHash was first released with perl 5.004
Tie :: Scalar was first released with perl 5.002 Tie:: StdHandle was first released with perl 5.01 Tie:: SubstrHash was first released with perl 5.002 TieHash was first released with perl 5
( empty lines sanitized ; corelist emits an empty line after each module which is a bit annoying )
Timestamps
Not from CPAN , but a tiny script I wrote :
#!/usr /bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; use Time : : Local qw( timelocal ) ; if ( @ ARGV ) { my $ date = shift @ARGV ; if ( $ date =~ m/ ^ ( \d{4} ) - ( \d\d ) - ( \d\d ) $ / ) { my ( $ year , $ month , $ mday ) = ( $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 3 ) ; my ( $hr , $ min , $ sec ) = ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; my $ time ; if ( $ time = shift ( @ ARGV ) and $ time =~ m/ ^ ( \d { 1,2} ) : ( \d\d ) ( ? : : ( \d\d ) ) ?
$ / ) { ( $hr , $ min , $ sec ) = ( $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 3 || 0 ) ; } print timelocal ( $ sec , $ min , $hr , $ mday , $ month - 1 , $ year - 1900 ) , $/ ; } } else { print time , $/ ; }
GUYCO
At one point in The Road , a moment that is never otherwise explained or referenced , the father and the son stare at a dead forest as it burns .
The fire leers profanely from one edge of the screen to the other .
Dense and hot , certainly loud , it 's the sort of fire from which there is no safe distance .
It feels like the two of them should get out of there .
From the get - go , the father and son have moved .
And yet now they stand there watching the fire , dazed , like two drunks gazing out the window of a Laundromat at a mushroom cloud .
Move , guys .
Move .
Everything about the film seems disconnected in this way — shocky and post - traumatic .
This is what happens :
A father and a son walk from point A to point B through a desolate landscape .
Cities are deserted .
People - zombies , some of them hungry for human flesh , stare out from abandoned office buildings and sometimes hunt other people .
It 's always cloudy .
Everything is dead .
There is no color left in anything — not the people , not the plants , not the faces of mountains .
Ruined , wrecked , used up — it is our world , consumed at its edges by fire , at its center by rot .
Sounds awful , because it goddamned well is .
But it 's awful , too , as in full of awe .
Awful as in you can not avert your gaze .
It 's hard not to watch a fire .
When they do move , the father and the son progress through a quietly seething dream , a world at its end .
When they run from danger , they clank and rustle and seem wetly destined to never get away .
When the father grips the boy 's mouth to quiet him , it is too rough .
Rivers seem to be icy sloughs of poison .
Yet they swim .
They are a father and son .
They carry two bullets .
Anytime the man turns his back on the boy or separates from him , it feels — in a way that scary , apocalyptic movies often do — as if everything will end .
But in those movies , the end never really comes .
You know that going in , because generally those movies just flirt with the apocalypse , just offer a little look - see at a tidal wave or a nuclear blast .
The Road is no tease .
It is a brilliantly directed adaptation of a beloved novel , a delicate and anachronistically loving look at the immodest and brutish end of us all .
You want them to get there , you want them to get there , you want them to get there — and yet you do not want it , any of it , to end .
You should see it for the simplest of reasons :
Because it is a good story .
Not because it may be important .
Not because it is unforgettable , unyielding .
Not because it horrifies .
Not because the score is creepily spiritual .
Not because it is littered with small lines of dialogue you will remember later .
Not because it contains warnings against our own demise .
All of that is so .
Do n't see it just because you loved the book .
The movie stands alone .
Go see it because it's two small people set against the ugly backdrop of the world undone .
A story without guarantees .
In every moment — even the last one — you 'll want to know what happens next , even if you can hardly stand to look .
Because The Road is a story about the persistence of love between a father and a son , and in that way it 's more like a remake of The Godfather than some echo of I Am Legend .
Only this one is different :
You wo n't want to see this one twice .
Nathan Fox
Consider this little tick of time in the life of The Road , a movie that hundreds of thousands of the book 's readers , millions even , are waiting for , if only to vet the film 's bleak topography of the ruined nation against the skull carpet of their own imagination :
It 's the moment when the producer chooses a trailer , itself a defining document for the potential moviegoing nation .
This takes place in the offices of the distributor , Dimension Films , and features the huffing presence of one Bob Weinstein , wearing the most wrinkled shirt in the history of modern office life , sitting in his infamous miasma of consternation and excitement , speaking about The Road , which had its release date pushed back one full year last November .
Everyone involved — director , producer , screenwriter — says there was no secret agenda to that , no worry to be inferred , no doubt on anyone 's part about the final product .
The movie , which required more than two hundred visual effects to decolorize a landscape stripped of life , simply was n't ready .
Weinstein acknowledges that loyal readers of Cormac McCarthy 's book , which was published in 2006 , are probably worried .
He 's sitting in a conference room in Manhattan , about to pop in a DVD containing two potential trailers .
He seems to be figuring out how to talk about the film as he goes , fighting contrary tugs from some internal narrator , giving in only by the slenderest of degrees to the urge to mollify two , three , four different audiences .
First , he calls it a literate action movie .
At one point he calls it a zombie movie .
Then he starts talking about his kids .
" When I had my kids , I was grateful .
I was like , Now there 's something other to think about than me , " he says , and that word — me — echoes in the star chamber .
" Every parent has that .
You do n't have to have kids .
You 're human .
If you can't relate to this story , then check your humanity somewhere .
I felt this whole relationship with this father and son .
Yeah .
And yet it was thrilling . "
People like to see certain components in movies concerning the end of the world .
Asteroids .
Alien visitation .
Angels .
Nuclear war .
Tidal waves .
Climate change .
Giant robots .
They seem to like leather .
And hopped - up cars .
Appearances by God. Buildings blow up , cities fall , in real time .
Villains , always villains .
Snakes are always good .
A beautiful woman .
But The Road offers none of that .
( Except the last one : Charlize Theron has a supporting role as the mother , breathing a little more fully than her character does in the book , solely as the face of despair . )
Plus , let 's face it :
The Road does not inherently seem like an asses - in - the - seats proposition .
It is adapted from a lyric , repetitive little book , one written in a fashion that nods at classic narrative structure only in its final pages .
A book that has found two sorts of readers : the fanatics , who can't put it down , and the frustrated , who find it so dark , blatantly literary , rhythmically voicey , and without hope that they can't turn past page 3 .
While that does n't necessarily frame it as a problem movie , it does make things hard to describe in the familiar contours of an X - meets - Y movie pitch .
It 's fair to wonder whether The Road will become an unimportant footnote in the wake of a best seller .
Happens all the time .
The Bonfire of the Vanities .
Angela's Ashes .
And movies mangle literary books , too .
They turn arty and inexplicably beloved literary titles —
The English Patient or The Hours — into arty and pretty forgettable movies .
Worse , bad movies routinely make important stories less important .
Three years ago , Emilio Estevez single - handedly killed any resurgent interest in the accomplishments of Bobby Kennedy .
" We had a lot of pressure when I went after this book , " says producer Nick Wechsler , who pursued and optioned the novel in June 2006 , before it was published .
" There were other people who made offers , but they were n't large , because they were afraid of the material , obviously .
It 's very dark stuff .
I simply responded to the book .
I had no idea that it was going to gain the momentum that it did , become that talked about , that it would win the Pulitzer , get on Oprah .
All of a sudden , I could see this was very precious to people , that there was a kind of public trust associated with this book .
And we felt incredible pressure on delivering the movie that we felt would be a valid adaptation . "
When Wechsler entered the life of The Road , the movie , chances were taken , creating a new interpretative alchemy .
He selected a relatively unknown Australian director , John Hillcoat , whose previous feature - film work began and ended with The Proposition , a smallish Australian western starring Guy Pearce — a decent third - shelf offering at Blockbuster right now .
Hillcoat , in turn , hired dark - rocker Nick Cave to compose the score and sought out Joe Penhall , an award - winning but obscure Australian playwright living in London , to write the screenplay .
They moved fast — Penhall and Hillcoat were working on the script even as the book 's fervent readership coalesced .
It 's clear that Wechsler was toying with expectations even then .
" It 's a very small bull 's - eye , this movie .
In all aspects of putting it together , you do n't want an audience going into the theater thinking they know what the ride is going to be . "
Whatever topical agenda people attach to this film — global warming , the fall of nationalism , the perils of consumption — it wo n't matter .
It is n't a vision of the future at all .
This is a vision of the end .
Like :
In the end , there 's only one can of Coke .
Coke is about to be forgotten .
In a collapsing mall , the father digs a single can out of a toppled vending machine .
It falls to the floor like a weighty and singular apple .
The father opens it and offers it to the boy as a treat .
The boy drinks and insists that the father have some , too .
They are like that : generous and genuine , even with the last details of a time the boy has never known .
But the father gives almost all of it to his son , who stops for a moment , then asks , " Because it 's the only one I 'll ever have , right ? "
In that moment , he realizes not only what he has lost , but why his father wants him to have the soda at all .
You can see he likes the Coke , too .
" This was a book that was written in a time of prosperity , and we got involved with it in a time of prosperity , " says Marc Butan of Mark Cuban 's 2929 Productions , which produced the film .
" The lens that everyone is viewing through these days is very different .
You look at it now and it has a different subtext .
It 's a count - your - blessings thing now . "
Cormac McCarthy fathered a son as an old man , and this story is an ode to a ticking clock , to the diminishment of time , to last chances .
Last chance to parent .
Last chance to warn , to train , to prepare .
The father fights to teach .
And the father teaches the boy to fight .
In the movie 's first teaching moment , the father shows his son where to shoot himself in the head should it come to that .
With the gun loaded .
It is perhaps the movie 's only lurid turn , a moment that , like almost every moment in the movie , appears in the book as well .
By the time it occurs , it is understood to be a gesture of necessity .
There they are , citizens of a kind of now , bad teeth and all , pallid , filthy , damp to the bone , at their end , and whether you 've read the book or not , the sight of it makes you seize .
Macall Polay
" It 's a love story , " Hillcoat says .
" So it moves you in a way that is quite unexpected . "
It is a love story .
But to be clear , it 's a love story about a father and a son hauling ass to keep from being eaten by small bands of flannel - shirted cannibals .
It 's also a purposefully color - bare apologue of man and boy .
The man is played by Viggo Mortensen , and he 's in virtually every frame .
" The interesting thing about picking an actor for a movie is , you want to try to surpass the audience 's knowledge or expectations of what that actor 's about , " Hillcoat says .
" We took a shot with Viggo as opposed to bigger box - office stars .
In large part , he 's the right choice because , as good as he is , he 's still untapped . "
Mortensen is brilliant in insinuating the father 's pain and communicating the hints of loss and his resistance to the inevitable .
Burnt and sinewy in each scene , he registers a liquid panic in every glance at the woods and a sort of angry regret in every peek at the boy .
Mortensen is a different filthy man in each function of fatherhood .
You recognize them all , without voice - over , without undue exposition .
He still cares .
And it hurts more than ever to care .
Twelve - year - old Kodi Smit- McPhee is beautiful and wretched , luminous and somehow smaller than his age as the boy .
But he 's full - blown in the part , his character concerned , like all boys , with the contents of his pockets , naturally curious about the few others they encounter — an old man , an elusive child , a thief , a dog barking at the unseen end of a collapsed mall .
Mortensen and Smit- McPhee wrestle for control like any father and son — in dealing with strangers , in figuring out who 's a good guy and who 's a bad guy , in matters of privacy , and in the divergent ways they treat others .
Elemental shit , really .
Just some simple old - world parenting , long before people harvested human limbs for Sunday dinner .
The third major cast member of The Road is the setting itself , the world .
The film 's locations were perhaps the least well - kept secrets in the marketplace of prerelease Web sites about the movie .
" Initially we were talking about [ filming in ] Australia or Iceland , " Hillcoat says .
" But all of our research took us to looking at images of events like Mount St. Helens , the volcanoes in the Philippines , Hiroshima , Katrina , a set of man-made and natural disasters that have been heavily photographed and filmed .
My production designer , sitting in the countryside in Victoria , Australia , found eight miles of abandoned freeway in Pennsylvania on Google Earth , which gave us those dark tunnels .
We deliberately used America 's real apocalyptic zones .
We went to New Orleans to shoot our interior shots in a ruined shopping mall in post -Katrina New Orleans .
We used the strip mines in western Pennsylvania .
Even billowing clouds in the background of one scene come from 9/11 .
" When they pass through a city , there 's a shot of two ships sitting on a freeway that looks like a visual effect .
That is an actual IMAX 70 mm shot taken days after Katrina .
We had to doctor the image , grunge it up , make it more toxic , set it into our world , but these places were not hard to find .
There 's a fair amount of devastation already in the American landscape . "
You do n't recognize these presences as some timely message from our near past , as heralds of warning .
Like the father and son , the scenes — the forgotten 18 - wheeler jackknifed on a freeway bridge , the gas stations littered with useless contraptions , the sinister farmhouses , the sheds with their hand tools piled like ancient contrivances — all of it calls up the now .
Grunged and toxic , sure , but sickeningly familiar .
You can not recognize enough to say where this is , but you recognize it .
All of it .
When Bob Weinstein rolls those trailers , each one assumes the predictable arc of a story compressed to its essence .
There is a speed to them that the actual movie — which I saw before seeing the trailers — does not possess or seek to possess , an urgency that feels manufactured .
The music is pulse - pounding and urgent , driven to create absurd expectations of action in a movie that quietly elicits worry about the relative friability of the invisible paths that exist between people and what they need .
Still , every utterance , every cry for help or hand clasped across the mouth of the boy to suppress a sob , is a fair - enough emanation from the heart of the movie .
The odd thing is , the start of each trailer includes glimpses of a storm , panicky news footage , little puzzle pieces of the world before it ended .
No one — not the director or the myriad producers , not the novelist or the screenwriter — had ever even hinted at how it happened , until this .
For someone who loves the book , for anyone who knows the story going in , this is a moment you hoped would never come .
Why remind us of the reductive logic of cause and effect ?
Before the question can be asked , Weinstein stands up , offers his hand , and says , " Okay , we 're going with the first one . "
He gives no rationale .
And so it seems the metonymic references to the national news , to the weather , to presumed military conflicts laid in as a tonally quiet explanation of what is never known in book or movie , for now will stay in the trailer .
On the other side of the planet , at home in Australia , Hillcoat 's been hearing about these trailers .
" We 're so conditioned by postapocalyptic films to be centered on a big event , and they become this high - concept thing .
And here there 's this total absence , this negation of explanation .
We have to stay with that .
So yeah .
That 's gonna be a challenge . "
In good times or in shit times , you can ask why people go to see movies at all .
The Road may be a kind of historical countertwitch to Depression - era Busby Berkeley musicals , to a time when people used movie theaters as places to forget .
( Although how a kaleidoscopic mess like 42nd Street ever generated hope in 1933 is baffling . )
But make no mistake , hit or miss , The Road , a risky , dyspeptic , and serious road movie , will be easy to lampoon , to dismiss , to skip .
Unwary couples will walk out .
Teenagers in search of the comfort nipple of cinematic apocalypse , with its blank - slate promise and its tinny hope for a new tomorrow , will roll their eyes .
Bill Hader is probably writing the SNL skit right now .
The other certainty is that everyone involved in this movie is working against the predictable imperatives of perhaps the most predictable movie genre of them all : the apocalyptic thriller .
The great experiment of the movie is that it hangs on nothing if not the subversion of the conventions of the genre .
These people want the same thing from The Road that Busby Berkeley wanted , the same thing any artist with a sense of urgency wants .
They want for people to walk out of the theater feeling it in their chest plate .
They want them to say , perhaps for reasons they cannot consciously fathom , to everyone they know :
You have to see it .
Really .
You do .
Not because it 's grim , not because it 's depressing , or even scary .
The Road is all of those things , both acutely and chronically .
But there was not a single stupid choice made in turning this book into this movie .
No wrongheaded lyric tribute to the novel .
No moment engineered simply to make you jump .
The terror of it is in a normal world made vacant .
There is a surprising terror in a landscape of farmhouses full of possessions that have no function , a remarkable danger in a pile of old hammers , in the possibility of forgetting what things were once for .
It 's a fear worth feeling .
And there is something knotty and resilient , eternal and elemental , something worth caring about in all this , in a parent 's love for a child , especially when love is the only thing left in the world that has the least little thread of purpose .
That 's their world , bleak and empty as it might be .
Ours , too .
The Road opens this fall .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Not too long ago , Final Fantasy Tactics hit the Japanese PSN store for just $ 10 .
And the PS1 classic was just recently rated by the ESRB and is set to hit arrive on the U.S. store as well .
Although this may not be the Final Fantasy of choice for some gamers , it ’s still a very popular game that saw an updated release for PSP owners just last year .
This does bring hope that with Final Fantasy VII already there and Tactics on the way , Final Fantasy VIII and IX should also be right around the corner .
No word yet on European release .
Be sure to keep an eye on PlayStation LifeStyle for all the latest info .
[ Source ]
Cumming Family Law Attorneys
Dealing with family law issues is physically , mentally , and emotionally demanding and exhausting .
During this challenging transitional time in your life , you do not have to face these difficulties alone .
The Cumming family law attorneys at Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. are here to provide you with valuable support and advice .
As your legal counsel , we are here during every aspect of your case from the divorce trial to the settlement of child support and custody , and with any other aspects of family law that you may require .
While one of our most common family law needs , Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. understands that divorce is an unexpected event in your life .
No one begins a marriage expecting it to end .
We will ensure that you are ready to face the new chapter of your life by making sure that you close the current one correctly .
The lawyers at Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. will help you navigate the complex legal processes of the Cumming Family Law .
You will experience frustrations and challenges , and we are here to guide you through overcoming each one .
Our years of family law experience and expertise ensures that you have all the knowledge and answers to any questions and uncertainties that you may have .
Call the Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. at ( 678 ) 504-8411 for a Free Consultation with our Experienced Divorce Lawyers .
Expert Family Law Firm in Cumming
The compassionate lawyers at Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. are dedicated to delivering the best legal representation during this trying time in your life .
We know that you are questioning what your future will be like , which can be very stressful .
Divorce , child custody , child support , and father ’s rights are all emotionally charged issues , which can make it very challenging to look at the facts of the case objectively .
We help you understand the full picture , what your options are , and develop a strategy to help you accomplish your goals with your family law case .
We relieve your worries by providing the resources and the support that you need to both understand and make smart choices throughout the family law process .
Our goal is to alleviate your stress .
We support you with every legal aspect of your family life , from restructuring during divorce to maintaining a healthy , loving relationship with your children .
If you are looking for a dedicated , compassionate Cumming Family Law Attorney , look no further than Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. .
Divorce is a complicated legal process which involves more than the couple involved .
The entire process is full of frustrations and unpleasant surprises for anyone who is not familiar with it .
Moreover , the mental and emotional upheaval brought by the significant change in everybody ’s life can bring considerable stress to anyone .
Familiarizing yourself with the divorce process in Cumming will help alleviate some of your worries .
Understanding each step will allow you to prepare with the help of the experts at Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. .
While each divorce case is unique , most follow this general timeline :
Initiating the Divorce Process – one of the spouses hires a lawyer and develops a petition or complaint outlining the reasons for the divorce and how he / she wants to settle custody , finances , and other related issues .
Filing and Serving the Petition – the complaint is presented to the court and we will make sure that it is served on the other spouse .
Also included is a summons which requires a response .
Receiving the Answer to the Complaint – the other spouse has a certain amount of time to submit a response .
The spouse ’s response should outline how he / she would prefer to deal with various divorce decisions .
The court will assume that the other spouse agrees to the terms in the complaint in cases it does n’t receive any response .
Exchange of Documents and Initiation of Property Division – the couple will exchange relevant documents and information pertaining to property and income .
Thus , the court will decide how to divide the property and how child support and alimony should be .
Mediation or Settlement – in cases where couples voluntarily agree and resolve all issues through settlement or mediation the divorce agreement is then presented to the judge at an informal hearing where he will confirm if both parties understand and agree with the settlement .
Court Approval for Any Settlement Agreement – a divorce decree will be approved where all the agreements are outlined .
If the couple cannot reach an agreement or the court does not approve , the case will proceed to trial .
Divorce Trial – attorneys of both parties will present arguments and evidence for each side .
The court will decide all unresolved issues such as child custody , child support , alimony , and property division .
The divorce process is long and frustrating , but with the best divorce and family lawyers at Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. guide you through each process .
We will be there at your side to ensure that you have your fair say in each decision .
Child custody is a long and very stressful process for the children involved .
In cases where the parties cannot agree on a decision in terms of child custody , the court prioritizes the well - being and best interests of the child .
According to the 2010 Cumming Code on Child Custody Proceedings the state will determine what will be the best decision with the happiness and welfare of the child in mind .
It is based on various factors including , but not limited to :
The existing emotional ties and relationship between the parents and the child .
The existing emotional ties between the child and his / her siblings .
The ability of each parent to give the child guidance , affection , and love .
Also including the ability of each parent to continue the rearing and education of the child .
The parent ’s familiarity and knowledge of the child and his / her needs .
The capacity of each parent to provide food , clothing , medical care , daily needs , and other basic care to the child .
Each parent ’s home environment including its safety and promotion of nurturance .
The significance of the continuity in the child ’s life including a stable and satisfactory environment .
The family unit of each parent including support systems within the community to benefit the child .
Each parent ’s physical and mental health .
Involvement in the child ’s social , extracurricular , and educational activities .
Past and future performance in terms of parenting responsibilities .
Relevant records of the child such as home , school , and community .
Also including any health or special needs of the child .
If the child is of age 14 , he / she may elect which parent shall serve as his / her physical custodian .
Unless the court determines that the parent as the custodian is not to be in the best interest of the child .
Other factors in consideration also include physical abuse , alcohol , and substance abuse , co-parenting , moving , parental employment , and parental alienation .
In the state of Cumming , it is the responsibility of both parents to provide for the education , maintenance , and protection of their children .
The court ensures that both parents continue their duties for the child .
Child support typically involves payments made to the custodial parent by the non-custodial parent .
Usually , child support is paid monthly or bi-monthly until the child reaches maturity .
Moreover , child support cannot be waived by either the paying or receiving parent as it belongs to the child .
Child support is determined through complex computation either through the agreement of both parties or a dispute to the jury or the judge .
The computation involved comparing each parent ’s income and the unique needs of the child .
The state of Cumming applies the best interest of the child standards which gives equal opportunity for the father or the mother to gain custody of the child .
However , Cumming law also distinguishes between a legally recognized father and a biological father .
This means the marriage ( or absence of marriage ) play a significant factor in determining the father ’s rights to the custody of his child or children .
Being the father of a child from an unmarried mother , or a mother married to another man is complicated in terms of child custody .
If you want to have the rights and responsibilities associated with fatherhood , you must take the necessary steps to prove your paternity as soon as possible .
While there is no set time for the court to recognize your paternal rights , the earlier you can assert your rights will give you a better chance of having a life with your child .
Filing of legitimation is the process of legally recognizing a biological father which allows him to establish a legal relationship with the child .
This relationship involves potential custody and support along with various relative responsibilities as a parent to the child .
If both you and the mother agree and consent to the legitimation , you will both voluntary acknowledge the legitimation through the completion of the Acknowledgement of Legitimation form .
However , if there is a disagreement to the legitimation or in cases when you are uncertain whether the mother will consent , you can file a petition to the court .
The court will initiate a legitimation proceeding where the judge will hear and weigh both parents in order to determine if the legitimation is appropriate .
The court will carefully evaluate whether you as a father may be a fit parent .
Remember that the state of Cumming will prioritize the best interest of the child .
Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. understands the love of a father to his children .
We are committed to giving you a fighting chance to be a part of your child ’s life .
Our family law attorneys will be at your side to assist you in understanding and preparing for the legal process and potential custody battle so you can maintain being a part of your child ’s life .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
Let ’s Talk Now - Free Consultation
Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. is your legal support whether you are already filing for divorce or you are still deciding .
We have the experience and the resources that you need during the entire legal process .
Legal information is your key to painless and smooth divorce process between you and your spouse .
Contact us for a free consultation !
Call Vayman & Teitelbaum , P.C. now at ( 678 ) 504-8411 for your Free Consultation with a Motivated , Experienced Divorce Attorney in GA .
‘ Business as usual ’ : Peru approves massive oil project just days after ‘ Amazon ’s Tiananmen ’
June 30 , 2009
Crossed spears left by uncontacted Indians in the region where Perenco is working .
© Marek Wolodzko / AIDESEP
Peru 's government has given the green light to an Anglo - French company to drill for oil in the Amazon , just thirteen days after more than 30 people died in protests against the exploitation of the rainforest .
The project , located on land inhabited by two tribes of uncontacted Indians , is believed to be Peru ’s biggest oil discovery in thirty years .
The company , Perenco , a major gas supplier to the UK , has in the past denied any uncontacted Indians live there .
Until recently , Perenco had been blocked from entering the area by local indigenous protesters .
With help from Peru ’s armed forces , the company managed to break through the blockade on at least one occasion .
High - ranking figures in Peru ’s government hope that Perenco ’s project will transform the Peruvian economy .
While protests against the company were taking place , Perenco ’s chairman , Francois Perrodo , an Oxford University polo blue and scion of one of the wealthiest families in France , met Peru ’s President Garcia in Lima and pledged to invest $ 2bn in the project .
The government ’s green light comes just days after protests elsewhere in northern
Peru were violently broken up by police , leading to the deaths of both police officers and indigenous protesters .
The exact numbers are still unknown .
Survival has issued an eyewitness account of the violence .
Perenco intends to build new platforms and wells involving airlifting in , amongst other things , 42,000 sacks of cement .
It admits that ‘ contamination of soil ’ , ‘ contamination of water ’ and the flight of game and birds are possible consequences of its work .
All these are essential to the survival of the uncontacted Indians who live there .
More seriously , the Indians face the very real threat of contagion from diseases to which they have no immunity .
Survival ’s Director , Stephen Corry , said today , ‘ Anyone who hoped that the dreadful violence of the past few weeks might have made Peru ’s government act with a bit more sensitivity towards the indigenous people of the Amazon will be really dismayed at this news .
The timing could n’t be worse – the government is trying to present a more friendly image in public , but as far as the oil companies are concerned , it looks like business as usual . ’
Oh yeah , and all that other stuff about cars and power tools and stuff like that goes too .
Um , yeah .
This may seem common sense to you , but I know how long it took me to figure it out , and it sickens me .
I know how many people have yet to figure it out and it does n't actually sicken me , so to speak .
It just makes me really , really sad .
I react pragmatically .
Where the market works , I 'm for that .
Where the government is necessary , I 'm for that .
I 'm deeply suspicious of somebody who says , " I 'm in favor of privatization , " or , " I 'm deeply in favor of public ownership . "
I 'm in favor of whatever works in the particular case .
Eugene Peterson Professor Emeritus Of Spiritual Theology " When the imagination of a writer and the passion of a theologian cross- fertilize the result is a novel on the order of The Shack .
This book has the potential to do for our generation what John Bunyan ’s Pilgrim ’s Progress did for his .
It ’s that good ! "
James Ryle Author , Hippo in the Garden " If God is all powerful and full of love , why does n’t He do something about the pain and evil in our world ?
This book answers that age old question with startling creativity and staggering clarity .
By far one of the best books I have ever read . "
Delilah Rene Nationally syndicated radio host " One of my favorite books of all time .
I read the book on Good Friday several years ago and stayed up until 2:30 a.m. reading it .
I could NOT put it down .
It touched my soul .
It spoke to the very core of my being .
And I was forever changed by its content .
In fact , I often tell people if you never read any other book in your life , do yourself a favor and get The Shack . "
Steve Berger Pastor " Wrapped in creative brilliance , The Shack is spiritually profound , theologically enlightening and life impacting .
It has my highest recommendation .
We are joyfully giving copies away by the case . "
Gayle E. Erwin Author , The Jesus Style " Riveting , with twists that defy your expectations while teaching powerful theological lessons without patronizing .
I was crying by page 100 .
You cannot read it without your heart becoming involved . "
Michael W. Smith Recording Artist “ THE SHACK is the most absorbing work of fiction I ’ve read in many years .
My wife and I laughed , cried , and repented of our own lack of faith along the way .
THE SHACK will leave you craving the presence of God. ”
A very good performer from the Android stable that will just keep on pleasing from the box .
HTC Magic deals View Similar Amazon US Amazon
No price information
While the world is once again going ga - ga over the latest iteration of the Apple iPhone , some of them have forgotten about the Android movement from Google and others , and the latest from this organisation has landed , the HTC Magic .
Having already brought out the world 's first Android - powered phone with the T - Mobile G1 , the Taiwanese company got its act together faster than the likes of Samsung , Motorola and LG to bring out another 3.2 - inch touchscreen handset .
Significant upgrade
And this one manages to fix a huge amount of flaws found in the first iteration , and even sheds the physical keyboard in favour of an on - screen effort , thanks to the latest Cupcake 1.5 update of Android .
It once again seamlessly integrates Android Market to take on the App Store with a whole host of bolt - on programs , and even pings in with pocket - friendly dimensions of 113 x 55 x 14 mm , and as lighter than a 120g feather ( as it only weighs 119g ) .
But it 's all very well to say that you 're going to get the best phone just because it 's fixed a few bugs and shed a few pounds ... what we want to know is whether the HTC Magic is the phone that 's going to thrust Android into the psyche of the phone buying public as successfully as Apple has with its iPhone .
The main talking point about the HTC Magic is clearly the fact that it's the next in the Android lineage , and to that end , you can hardly say it 's spectacular as it's sporting the same interface we 've seen before on the G1 , more or less .
In the box
First of all , let 's have a look at what we get in the box .
There 's the phone itself , and it 's accompanied by a Mini USB 2.0 charger , a similarly ported headset , a cover for the phone and USB lead as well , all in the same white , making them easier to spot on a cluttered desk .
But what 's both different and interesting is the move to team up with Vodafone , resulting in a whole new chassis while retaining the same 3.2 - inch screen .
Keyboard
The layout of the buttons is slightly different , with two key changes : the menu button , previously positioned at the base of the screen on the T - Mobile G1 , has shifted to just above and to the left of the trackball , and there 's now a new search button on the far right , which interacts with nearly every application on the phone to let you search for whatever your heart desires .
The lip that repulsed a few users on the G1 has been retained , but has shrunk in size somewhat and been moulded much more discreetly into the shell of the phone , while still being nice to hold in portrait mode .
But the startlingly different change between the HTC Magic and the G1 is the loss of the keyboard .
In an interview with T - Mobile previously we were told that the keyboard was one of the real selling points of the G1 , something the customers really looked for when picking up the device for easier messaging .
Well , either Vodafone thinks the pink network is lying or just wants to differentiate itself somehow , but its shed the QWERTY and now sits at a size zero-esque 14 mm thickness , which means it 's much more lightweight ( and attractive ) than its G1 sibling .
Hand feel
One interesting by - product of the weight loss is the way it feels in the hand .
The plastic exterior does n't quite stray into the realms of feeling cheap , but the overall feel is something you 'll have to get used to , as the light feel of the phone feels odd initially .
However , it 's just about the right size for one - handed operation in most cases , although you 'll probably find yourself ' doing an iPhone ' , ie placing it in one palm and poking with the other hand on more than one occasion as you interact with the plethora of different screens on offer .
What 's more , you have to remember from the off that this phone may be free , but will cost you £ 35 a month ( albeit only £ 30 if you do it online ) for the next two years .
That 's a very long time for the gadget - lover , especially when the next 12 - 18 months are likely to herald the arrival of a great many new Android phones for you to salivate over , so a nice deal could soon turn into a prison sentence if you 're not sure this is the phone for you .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
An ethics report prepared by H. Marshall Jarrett , head of the Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) , reached " damning " conclusions about numerous cases of " misconduct " in the advice attorneys John Yoo and Jay Bybee provided the Bush administration , according to legal and Congressional sources familiar with the findings and news reports .
The report , which also may be critical of legal opinions authorizing domestic surveillance activities , recommends state bar associations conduct a review of Yoo and Bybee 's legal work to determine whether they should face disciplinary action , including disbarment .
Bybee , now an appeals court judge in San Francisco , signed the so - called August 1 , 2002 torture memo and other controversial legal opinions that Yoo helped to draft .
Bybee was head of the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) and Yoo was a deputy assistant attorney general .
Steven Bradbury , the former acting head of OLC , was also a subject of Jarrett 's probe and authored three legal opinions in May 2005 , reinstating torture against alleged " high - level " terrorist detainees , but it 's unknown exactly what the report has recommended Bradbury 's punishment , if anything , should be .
Bradbury , as it turns out , participated in a final review of the report while he was still acting head of OLC .
The OPR probe was launched in mid-2004 after a meeting in which Jack Goldsmith , then head of the OLC , got into a tense debate with White House lawyers , including Vice President Dick Cheney 's legal counsel David Addington .
Goldsmith had withdrawn some of the Yoo - Bybee opinions because he felt they were " legally flawed " and " sloppily written . "
After the meeting , Goldsmith resigned and was subsequently replaced on an acting basis by Bradbury , who restored some of the controversial Yoo - Bybee opinions in May 2005 , again granting Bush broad powers to torture detainees .
But it would be unusual for an ethics report to make a definitive statement against prosecutions as that is usually left to the attorney general .
Indeed , according to OPR policies and procedures , " If OPR determines that professional misconduct or poor judgment occurred , it prepares a report containing its findings and conclusions , and provides that report to the Deputy Attorney General as well as the appropriate Assistant Attorney General , the Director of [ Executive Office of US Attorneys ] , or other appropriate component head .
' I bought my daughter Botox jabs for her 18th birthday ' ... says mother who has spent £ 45,000 on plastic surgery
Most mothers would aspire to pass on something of themselves to a teenage daughter .
But for Margaret King , that did n't mean offering young Jodie advice on the opposite sex or even guiding her on her wardrobe choices .
For her 18th birthday , she bought her Botox injections to get rid of the ' wrinkles ' on the teenager 's forehead .
Jodie King and mother Margaret , who bought her daughter Botox injections for her 18th birthday
Mrs King , who has spent £ 45,000 on cosmetic surgery procedures for herself , said : ' Jodie 's forehead is like mine - she gets pronounced lines when she makes a facial expression .
I knew Botox would solve the problem . '
Many surgeons do not recommend using Botox under the age of 30 because the skin has not sufficiently wrinkled and it could lead to an unnecessary loss of facial expression .
But Jodie , who had been worried about her complexion , is now addicted to the jabs and has spent £ 1,000 on them .
Her mother , a 49 - year - old housewife who has had regular Botox injections for 11 years , has no qualms about her daughter inheriting her habit .
In fact , she is planning to buy Jodie a nose job for her 21st and has taken her for a consultation about breast enlargement .
Jodie , now nearly 20 , earns £ 800 a month as a model , using the money to pay for Botox jabs .
Jodie admits she is hooked on Botox injections , which she started because she was concerned about her ' wrinkly ' forehead ( picture posed by model )
Read the full story in this week 's Closer magazine
She first became concerned about her wrinkly forehead as a 17 - year - old schoolgirl .
She grew a fringe and bought expensive anti-ageing creams but still felt uncomfortable with the way she looked .
So for her 18th birthday in May 2007 her mother bought her £ 160 Botox injections .
Jodie said : ' Nothing else seemed to work .
' My friends ' faces all looked much smoother .
Although when I said " my forehead is wrinkly " they told me it was OK . '
The teenager admits her mother is her role model when it comes to looks .
Mrs King , who is separated from Jodie 's father , has been under the knife for a nose job , two breast enlargements , a tummy tuck and a mini-facelift .
Jodie said : ' My mum 's always looked so glamorous and she uses cosmetic surgery and Botox to keep her looking young .
I plan to follow in her footsteps .
' So what if I 'm a teenage Botox addict ?
I can't think of anything worse than looking old .
I 'll always find a way to pay for Botox .
Now I 've started I can't stop . '
Six months after the first session , her smooth frozen look started to wear off , and Jodie feared her natural lines would come back .
So she made the next appointment herself , and she and her mother now regularly go for jabs together at the private Anti-Ageing Clinic in South Woodford , North - East London .
Each time , the dose is higher .
Jodie said the doctors expressed no concerns about her age .
One of the clinic 's doctors said there is no legal age limit for Botox , adding : ' The decision is based on each individual patient . '
But another cosmetic surgeon sounded a note of caution .
Alex Karidis said : ' It sounds like this young lady is on a dangerous spiral .
She 's obviously getting encouragement from her mother who sounds like she might be addicted to Botox as well .
' It is very very unusual to have Botox at that age and 18 - year - olds should only have it if there is a real facial deformity , not just normal lines when they frown .
' There is a real psychological danger .
This is setting a precedent for using anti-ageing procedures for many years to come .
The mother needs to be taking responsibility if she is encouraging her daughter to have injections into her face . '
On Wednesday we learned that GDP contracted by a stunning 6.1 percent in the first quarter of 2009 .
This came on top of the already large 6.3 contraction in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
This back to back contraction is the deepest in over 50 years when in the fourth quarter of 1957 GDP contracted by 4.2 percent followed by a 10.4 percent contraction in Q1 of 1958 .
Yet the market rallied on this news because of glimmers of hopes .
Green shoots as some like to say .
The glimmer of course comes from banks because the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury are doing everything in their power to destroy the U.S. dollar and keep rates artificially low so banks can keep on creating excessive debt .
You may recall that it was excessive debt that got us into this mess so apparently creating more excess debt is the way out .
Yet the average American household is seeing their access to debt contract while banks and Wall Street suddenly have a platinum American Express line directly linked to the Fed and U.S. Treasury .
The market has been on a tear , come bad news , really bad news , or flat out horrible news :
Since the low of March 6th , the market has gone up a stunning 31 % !
As you can see from the chart above this increase has gone non-stop .
When was the last time things were this frothy ?
Try the summer of 2007 .
Need we remind you what happened after that ?
The wheels of the global economy came flying off .
Now of course , given the massive injections of capital into the banking sector this rally could go higher .
But make no mistake , this rally is for the banks and Wall Street since the average American is seeing very little real world benefit aside from a psychological relief .
If you break down the numbers , the situation is still troubling of course .
13 million Americans are unemployed .
9 million are working part - time looking for full - time employment .
Another 1.9 million are not working because of other reasons including giving up .
All in all we have about 24 million Americans either unemployed or underemployed .
This is the Fed ’s idea of green shoots .
In this article I want to look at 10 charts that clearly show we are nowhere near a bottom .
These charts will also show that for trillions in bailouts , we have seen a marginal gain in the real economy .
Chart 1 – Retail Sales
In the past two quarters , we have seen a strong contraction in retail sales .
This is critical since two - thirds of our economy depends on consumption .
And in the recent GDP report , we saw a slight improvement here but all mitigating factors point to this being a temporary jump up .
Now why would something like this occur ?
Well think about what has occurred over the past year .
Going out of business sales , gimmicks , and other cheap debt offers have brought in a few more people into the fold .
Yet it has been tiny for the price we will pay .
You will also see this reflected in a later chart with home sales .
We have burdened ourselves with massive debt for a slight uptick in these sectors so banks and Wall Street can figure out a way of screwing the American taxpayer through their government branch offices at the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve .
When you look at the above chart , there are no green shoots here .
Chart 2 – Motor Vehicle Sales
The third largest American automaker Chrysler is now bankrupt .
It is official .
What does this mean ?
Job losses , product line cuts , and further restructuring .
Yet the market rallies .
Since when is it a good thing that a large American manufacturer goes bankrupt assuring future job losses for thousands more ?
If you need further proof how disconnected Wall Street is from Main Street you should n’t look any further .
Take a look at the chart above .
Auto sales have fallen off a cliff for both domestic and foreign automakers .
You notice that slight uptick ?
All the debt and gimmicks we have thrown at the industry including fuel falling back down to record lows is not enough to get Americans to buy more cars .
Why ?
We already have too many !
Technology has made cars more resilient .
If you actually treat your car well , you can easily get 10 years out of it .
And more people are realizing this either out of necessity or because of a new austerity .
Local auto repair shops have seen more people actually bringing in cars for repairs .
Instead of trashing the car when the transmission goes out , many people would rather pay $ 2,500 to have it replaced instead of buying a new car .
With the average new car costing $ 25,000 is it any wonder ?
Chart 3 – Housing Starts
Housing , housing , and housing .
Is n’t housing the epicenter of all of this mess supposedly ?
We have n’t even addressed the pay option ARM fiasco waiting for us later this year but suddenly we keep hearing that housing is shooting to the moon .
Really ?
Sure does n’t look like it from the chart above .
In fact , the collapse in housing starts above is the steepest since the Great Depression .
And as you can see from the chart above , the number is n’t bouncing back up .
Meaning all those home builders and those that work in the construction industry do n’t have as much work .
Work is what occurs on Main Street .
You would n’t know that by looking at Wall Street of course .
The fact of the matter is we have enough inventory for a couple of years .
With record foreclosures and all the building that occurred this decade , we are assured a few years of excess inventory .
Bottom line ?
Do n’t expect this to be jumping up any time soon .
Chart 4 – Single Family Home Sales
Well look at that , home sales are n’t moving like pancakes .
Yet industry insiders are telling us the bottom is in and all is well !
These people either :
( a) Have jobs that depend on real estate going up
( b) Are flat out blind to the macro data
( c) Do n’t have a clue
(d) All of the above
The housing market is far from a bottom .
As I have discussed about the California housing market we will not see a bottom until 2011 , some people think this short - term change in the trend is suddenly 2005 redux .
As you can see from the chart above , that is not the case .
In 2005 we had a SAAR of home sales well over 6 million .
We are currently at 4.1 million .
And new home sales have dropped off a cliff and are still near the trough .
Although home sales may pick up or move sideways , that does not mean prices will be coming up anytime soon .
Again , Wall Street is operating under a different system compared to Main Street .
Chart 5 – Personal Savings Rate
There are two main reasons why Americans are saving more .
First , they are in financial trouble and have less money .
Second , they have had their access to credit limited .
How so ?
Let me give you an over simplified example .
In California if you made $ 40,000 a year , you probably had 10 credit card offers a week and the ability to buy a $ 500,000 home at the peak of the debt insanity .
So let us run that math :
2005 Access to Credit :
Income : $ 40,000
Home Mortgage Credit : $ 500,000
Credit Cards : 4 x $ 10,000 each
Auto Loan : $ 30,000
Total access to credit : $ 570,000
Now fast forward to 2009 .
Those credit card offers do n’t come in for many .
You now can only borrow half of the mortgage amount .
And for that car ?
Look at sales above .
So the access to credit now looks like :
2009 Access to Credit :
Income : $ 40,000
Home Mortgage Credit : $ 250,000 ( top )
Credit Cards : 1 x $ 10,000
Auto Loan : $ 20,000 ( if credit good )
Total Access to Credit : $ 280,000
People mistake debt with wealth .
More specifically , they confuse access to debt with wealth .
So that person now has access to half of the debt they once did in 2005 .
Many see this as a cut but the current ratio is where it should have always been and lending terms are still generous in historical terms .
Yet at this same time , banks and Wall Street now have access to trillions courtesy of the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury .
Once again , Wall Street is playing on a very different field from Main Street .
Chart 6 – Real GDP
As I pointed out earlier , GDP is contracting at the fastest pace in 50 years .
The recent Q1 2009 number surprised on the downside yet the market rallied .
The market is rallying because those playing the stock market are treating it as a casino .
If it were an accurate reflection of the real economy with record unemployment , historically high debt ratios , crushing contractions , it would be going down further .
Many pundits , those that also said there was no housing bubble , point to the stock market as a leading indicator .
That is , the market recovers before Main Street does .
These pundits are using out dated models .
How many times have we had a Fed interest rate that is 0 ( actually lower because of quantitative easing ) ?
We have n’t and the only other experience in our history like this is the Great Depression .
People point out that the stimulus plan was a big burden .
Nearly half of it was tax cuts and the rest was fiscal programs and extension of benefits such as unemployment insurance .
If anything , it was the only thing that actually went straight into Main Street .
But this came as a diversion to the approximately $ 13 trillion in bailouts and commitments to banks and Wall Street .
In many community colleges , 70 to 80 percent of students need remedial math .
When I see people screaming about millions in executive compensation yet sitting idly by when trillions are thrown out to the most crony corporate welfare kings , it makes me wonder if there is a sinister anti-math plan to keep people in the dark .
Or maybe , it is a more simple explanation like people can’t step away from America ’s Got Talent ?
Chart 7 – Hours Worked
Back in the real world , Americans are seeing their hours cut back .
Now most people that are seeing wage cuts , job losses , and less hours are probably not in the mood to buy homes even if interest rates are cheap .
Employment is the key factor for the vast majority of Americans .
The stock market has become more of a casino and a shattered dream of the get rich without working world .
What many Americans are realizing is Wall Street never looked out for them .
They tried to convince most Americans that , “ just put X amount into your 401 k for 30 years and you ’ll be fine .
Diversify and you should be okay . ”
As many Americans saw 40 to 50 percent of their wealth evaporate they are now told , “ you are an idiot for not actively managing and keeping your asset allocation in sectors that avoided the crash .
Did you actually diversify into THAT ?
Who told you to do that ? ”
It is the height of hypocrisy between Wall Street and Main Street .
The money from Main Street was only a shell game for the connected .
In fact , some of the investment firms on Wall Street made money betting that companies would fail !
How about that !
If there is any clearer sign between Wall Street and Main Street it is this .
Let us see who owns those profitable CDS on Chrysler .
Someone made money on the failure of a large American company .
And it is probably an investment firm closely connected to Washington .
Want to take a wild guess who that is ?
Chart 8 – Household Debt
Ironically American households have to mark to market their assets .
If you paid $ 400,000 for your home at the peak and now can only sell it for $ 250,000 , then to you your wealth just took a $ 150,000 haircut especially if you need to sell .
Not so for the banks .
That home is still worth $ 400,000 .
The accounting rules favor a select few and that does not include those on Main Street .
The above chart shows that many Americans still have a giant debt burden .
Even though this burden has decreased slightly recently , banks and credit card companies who never cared about credit ratings for this decade all of a sudden want people to pay up even if they have no job .
Not having a job was no problem when they were blasting out those 20 to 40 weekly credit card offers in the mail .
It was n’t a problem that you had massive debt when they sent you those HELOC offers .
All of sudden they have found religion and they are ready to collect money from bailouts and also squeezing you for everything you got .
In the end game , the average American is going to lose out because :
(a) At a certain point the U.S. dollar will suffer
( b) At a certain point stocks will need to reflect reality
You cannot lend out trillions and expect nothing to happen .
Sure , what is occurring is deflationary in the sense that prices are collapsing but this is only because more wealth is being destroyed than is actually being created .
What is to stop the Fed and U.S. Treasury to give out more bailouts in the future ?
Just wait until the FDIC starts getting owned if we go with the PPIP .
We are already seeing that the faux stress tests show banks are going to need more capital .
Since they ’re models operate in LaLa world and at a certain point they have to meet with the real world , they will have to deal with “ shocking ” losses .
Chart 9 – Stock Markets
The stock market has witnessed the largest wealth destruction since the Great Depression .
If you look at the above chart , it is a tale of 2 bubbles .
First , we had the tech bubble followed by the housing bubble .
What other bubble do we have ?
There is no other bubble aside from the debt bubble
It is time to pay the piper .
Even that slight jump is all courtesy to the current disconnect between Wall Street and Main Street .
It would be one thing if Wall Street was rallying because employment was healthy and companies were raking in tons of profits .
Real companies .
Not banks that say they have a profit because of accounting gimmicks and bailout money .
Give me $ 25 billion and I ’ll show you a $ 3 billion quarterly profit !
Chart 10 – Trade
Both exports and imports have fallen .
Yes , our trade imbalance got a little better on the ledger but overall the reasons for this are not good .
It occurred because we are buying less and selling less .
This is a global recession .
The challenge of global recessions is we all face falling incomes and demand together .
The decoupling school is now largely running away with their tail between their legs .
These were the folks who thought the U.S. having a massive recession would somehow not impact the world .
Really ?
The U.S. who contributes about 28 to 30 percent of global GDP is not going to have an impact ?
What utter insanity .
So as you can see from the above charts , there is no green shoots in the Main Street economy .
Sure , Wall Street is shooting to the moon but that is because the pit bosses are now trading amongst themselves fleecing the public .
Recent data shows insiders actually selling into the momentum :
“ ( Barrons ) Leading us to the question with which we began these musings :
If those now infamous shoots of recovery are popping up all over , why would insiders be so aggressively dumping stocks ?
Yet , they indisputably are .
According to a study prepared for Bloomberg by Washington Service , a research outfit , directors , officers and the like have sold $ 353 million worth of stock in this fading month , or 8.3 times the total bought .
As a matter of fact , according to the firm , insider purchases of $ 42.5 million are on track to make April the skimpiest month for such buying since July 1992 .
The pace of selling in the first three weeks of this month , incidentally , was the swiftest since the market peaked and the bear came out of hibernation with a vengeance in October ’07 .
We ’re quite aware that insiders are not infallible .
But they are , after all , in the front lines of commerce and industry and so presumably have a better fix on the economy and the prospects for recovery than analysts and economists , whether of macro or micro persuasion . ”
This is the ultimate bear market rally so proceed with caution .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Is Israel heading for clash with US ?
Jewish settlements in the West Bank may be one of the issues Israel and the US disagree over
By Katya Adler
BBC News , Jerusalem
It is Israel 's Independence Day - traditionally time for leading Israeli politicians to give big interviews about their country 's past and future .
Israel 's new Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , has remained conspicuously tight - lipped .
Israeli voters went to the polls in February .
Mr Netanyahu knows their number one priority is personal and national security .
This would have been an ideal moment for him to set the scene as regards foreign policy , but it looks like Israelis - and the impatiently expectant international community - will have to wait a little while longer .
In a region where sparks can fly and wars can start without too much warning , Mr Netanyahu 's spokesmen have announced the world view of this new Israeli government will only be revealed around 18 May .
Mr Netanyahu is likely to reveal more about his policy in Washington This is when Mr Netanyahu is scheduled to meet US President Barack Obama in Washington .
In the meantime , the Israeli leader 's defence and foreign ministers have dropped some heavy hints ( though , not unusually for tumultuous Israeli government politics , the declarations were not always harmonious ) .
They , as well as Washington 's statements and comments made by Arab leaders , are being closely monitored .
Israelis and Middle East - watchers are keen to know if there will be an ugly clash at the White House next month .
In the end , it is unlikely , but the players ' stated positions make it perfectly possible .
Mr Netanyahu has a track record of difficult relations with his country 's closest ally , dating back to his previous term as Israel 's premier back in the late 1990s .
Complex reality Clearly , a key issue is Palestinian statehood .
Mr Netanyahu and his foreign minister have preferred to remain vague on the issue .
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman claims boosting the Palestinian economy is more of a priority .
We can't talk forever ... at some point steps have to be taken so that people can see progress on the ground
US President Barack Obama
He insists that the international community drop phrases like " land - for - peace " or " two - state solution " .
He says they oversimplify a complex reality .
Defence Minister Ehud Barak said in an interview published on Tuesday that he believed peace could be achieved within three years .
Mr Lieberman has promised " new approaches , new ideas , new visions " .
It is questionable whether that will be good enough for Barack Obama .
Since taking office , he and his Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , have gone out of their way to insist a two state solution is the only solution to the decades old Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
They also appear keen to push for wider regional peace .
' New war ? '
This month Jordan 's King Abdullah became the first Middle East leader to be received in Washington by President Barack Obama .
He urged Israel 's acceptance of what has become known as the Arab peace initiative , where Israel would achieve diplomatic recognition in the Arab world in exchange for pulling back to its pre-1967 borders , allowing for the formation of a viable Palestinian state .
King Abdullah was the first Middle East leader to visit President Obama King Abdullah said it was imperative the US take a forceful role in resolving Israeli - Palestinian relations .
If no progress was made , he warned , the region was facing a new war .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said King Abdullah spoke on behalf of the wider Arab world .
President Obama seemed sympathetic to the message .
He said : " We can't talk forever ... at some point steps have to be taken so that people can see progress on the ground .
And that will be something that we will expect to take place in the coming months . "
But how far is he willing to push Israel ?
US administrations are famously reluctant to come to diplomatic blows with the country some describe as America 's 51st state .
' Biggest obstacle '
It could all come down to Iran .
While in opposition , Mr Netanyahu repeatedly said Iran was the biggest threat to Israel 's existence .
He is very likely to deliver this message and ask for assurances during his visit to Washington .
President Obama may press for progress on the Palestinian issue in return .
It 's impossible to combat any problem in our region without resolving the Iranian problem
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman
Speaking in Washington on Friday , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said : " For Israel to get the strong support it is looking for vis -a - vis Iran , it can't stay on the sidelines with respect to the Palestinians and peace efforts .
They go hand - in - hand . "
International diplomats have speculated that Sunni Arab governments which fear Iran feel they need clear steps forward towards an Israeli - Palestinian peace deal in order for their nations to accept Arab backing of US - Israeli moves against a fellow Muslim nation .
Publicly the leaders of Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations insist the Israeli - Palestinian conflict is the core Middle East issue .
Until that is resolved there can be no regional peace .
But Israel 's Foreign Minister , Avigdor Lieberman , insists what he describes as " the Iranian problem " must be resolved before anything else .
" The biggest obstacle to a comprehensive solution is not Israel .
It 's not the Palestinians .
It 's the Iranians . "
" It 's impossible to combat any problem in our region without resolving the Iranian problem .
" This relates to Lebanon , to influence in Syria , their deep involvement with Egypt , in the Gaza Strip , in Iraq .
" If the international community wants to resolve its Middle East problems , it 's impossible because the biggest obstacle to this solution is the Iranians . "
Tough position Mr Lieberman recently told Barak Obama 's Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , that 15 years of peace talks with Palestinians had " brought neither results nor solutions " .
To obtain true regional stability , the US should focus instead on preventing Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon , he said .
Mr Abbas is hoping the US will push Israel towards a two - state solution Mr Netanyahu has often said he believes it better to take a tough position at the outset of negotiations in order to have bargaining possibilities .
The most likely scenario is that he and President Obama will do their best to find common ground during their talks in Washington .
Israel 's foreign and defence ministers have clearly quashed domestic and international speculation that the Netanyahu government , dismayed at the Obama administration 's efforts to engage Iran , favoured going it alone against Iran with their own military strike .
Both men say they are open to normalising relations with Syria ( something Mr Obama favours strongly , though Mr Lieberman says is unlikely because at the moment , he says , there is nothing to talk about ) .
Both men say they favour advancing stalled talks with the Palestinian Authority .
There is room for discussion , but Palestinians in particular are hoping Mr Obama will not just talk but act tough on the issue of expanding Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank .
Here , Mr Netanyahu has been clear : he sees no reason to stop the building .
Mr Abbas has been equally clear - he will not sit down with the Israelis until all settlement growth is frozen .
President Obama has also invited him to the White House next month .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Labor economics is economists studying work and employment .
The latest Econ Journal Watch has an article suggesting distorted priorities in labor econ texts .
In the U.S. now , less than 3 % of workers earn the minimum wage , about 12 % are in unions , and about 29 % are required to hold a state - issued license to do their work .
But here are the priorities of “ five undergraduate labor economics textbooks currently in print . …
All but one have been published in four or more editions ” :
Here is my relevant theory paper , here are some sample licensed jobs ,
and here are more informative quotes from the EJW article :
Kleiner and Krueger ( 2008 ) find that licensing is associated with a 15 percent wage premium .
… Pfeffer ( 1974 ) who finds a negative relationship between the ease of licensing and income of accountants , attorneys , barbers , dentists , and pharmacists , though he finds no such correlation for real estate agents .
Similarly , Kleiner and Kudrle ( 2000 ) find that tougher licensing requirements for dentists raise practitioners ’ incomes .
Timmons and Thornton ( 2008a ) conclude that radiologic technologists in states with licensing earn as much as much as 6.9 percent more than those working in states without licensing ; Timmons and Thornton ( 2008 b , 141 ) find that “ certain licensing provisions may have increased the earnings of barbers by as much as 26 percent . ” …
Examining the real estate market , Johnson and Loucks ( 1986 ) conclude that licensing regulations result in better service for consumers .
In contrast , Carroll and Gaston ( 1981 , 973 ) report that “ consistently from occupation to occupation [ among the seven they studied ] there existed a strong negative association between per capita numbers of an occupation and measures of per capita quality of service received ” … Kleiner and Todd ’s ( 2007 ) … [ show ] tighter state bonding / net worth requirements for mortgage brokers is associated with higher foreclosure rates and a greater percentage of high interest mortgages .
… Kleiner and Kudrle ( 2000 ) study the dental health of air Force recruits and find recruits from states with more stringent dentist licensing standards do not have better dental health than recruits from states with lower standards .
Similarly , Skarbek ( 2008 , 71 ) analyzes Florida ’s relaxation of restrictions on construction contractors in the wake of Hurricanes Frances and Katrina and finds “ little evidence of significant detrimental effects from the policy change ” … Paul ( 1984 ) finds no evidence that states licensing physicians experienced higher quality care as measured by mortality rates .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Mas ela realizou o sonho den�o no cinema , mas na vida real .
Filha de um vendedor de aspiradores de p� , partiu do zero e hoje � umano cinema mundial , tendo conquistado inclusive o
Esse � um m�dulo do Flickr que mostra itens de um �lbum chamado Noivas do JJ Cabeleireiros .
Fa�a seu pr�prio m�dulo aqui
Digite seu E - Mail e receba as novidades do JJ Cabeleireiros em seu E - Mail :
Web Pages referring to this page
Link to this page and get a link back !
They were the coolest part of elementary school science , and they 're still one of the neatest way to stick things together and stir up a little homespun magic .
Check out our 10 favorite ways bloggers , Lifehacker readers , and other creative types use mother nature to make life better .
Advertisement
Photo by oskay .
Advertisement
As with another of these 10 hacks , magnetic paint is the key ingredient here , but this time it 's a primer layered underneath the wall color of your choice .
With your metallic base spread around a wall , you can glue or tape magnets to your posters , LP covers , photographs , or whatever else you want to collage and arrange , the stick it up to the wall magnet - style without worrying about pin holes , adhesive damage , or anything else , really .
It 's like a crayon wall for adults .
Emptying all of an aquarium 's water out and finding temporary homes for all your fishy friends is a big hassle , but that tank still needs cleaning .
Embed a magnet inside a sponge with a thin - bladed knife and a little thumb pushing , and you can use another strong magnet to guide it around your aquatic realm to pick up the grime off the walls without too much disturbance .
Depending on your setup , you 'll still need to occasionally empty out your tank for water quality purposes , but far less frequently .
Advertisement
Fair warning on this one :
Not everybody likes the idea of putting magnets near their computer , especially when it comes to hard drives .
Then again , Apple lets similarly low - powered magnets clasp onto their power cords , and most hard drives are n't going to be affected by little disks just powerful enough to keep a couple of doorstops in place and upright in this doorstop laptop stand .
As with all things magnetic , the laptop " feet " stay in place when you move around , but come off when you give them a halfway firm yank .
Advertisement
Your fridge never lacks for thin , flat , promotional magnets from stores , services , and perhaps crafty friends , but you really do n't need all those calendars , recipes , and save the date notices .
Use a pair of scissors and some tape to cut them in half , hinge them , and turn them into magnetic bookmarks .
Why magnetic ?
They stay put in your book and wo n't slide out due to gravity or annoying book browsers .
Advertisement
This tiny but essential hack , along with a similar , previously posted technique , seems unnecessary until you consider just how many pens you really lose every year to drawers , spaces under appliances , couches , and other household black holes .
When the pen sticks to the fridge or any other metal surface , you 're more likely to put it back , and it 's always there when you need it .
Try to pocket it , and you 'll hopefully notice its heft and be guilted into returning it to its proper home .
Advertisement
Most cupboards fail at making your spices handily available because they 're horizontal surfaces .
The basil is behind the cumin , the cumin's hidden behind the allspice , and it takes an obsessive librarian to keep it all straight all the time .
Using a few metal tins , a hot glue gun and some strong magnets , one seemingly defeated cook turned their stove into a spice holder , then later converted part of a kitchen wall for the task .
Now the cabinet is for baking supplies only , and the spices , with a good label maker , are easily found .
Advertisement
Do your alarm clock or computer speakers spazz out a second or two before you get a call , or when your smartphone is checking messages ?
That 's because the cables leading to barely shielded speakers act like big antennas for the GSM traffic to and from your phone .
The solution is n't a bigger speaker — it 's ferrite beads , those cylinders of metal that make up the little nub on your USB cables .
Cut one out of an unused cable or buy a few at a supply store , and tape the bead onto the speaker 's cable .
Now your speakers do n't get your calls before you do .
Note : Ferrite beads are n't always magnetic — they 're really just hunks of iron that often have magnetic properties .
Advertisement
How amazing is magnetic paint ?
Find a space on a wall where you want to pin your stuff , apply a few layers in the shape of your choice , paint over that with whiteboard paint , and use it for both magnets and quick doodles .
For the artistically inclined , there 's also the incentive to creatively shape it , as with the pictured speech bubble creation .
Advertisement
MacBooks have a good number of thoughtful hardware features , including a magnetically - attached power cord that 's strong enough to stick , but wo n't drag your laptop down if it 's yanked on .
If you 've got a free afternoon and the will to attach some reliable magnets to your ThinkPad or other laptop , you 'll get a nice little non-destructive hack that makes your power cord powerfully adhesive , yet easy to pull away .
Advertisement
Instead of spending money and counter space on a big brick of wood , plastic , or whatever else , keep your knives elevated and accessible with a magnetic knife block .
They sell these things at fancy kitchen stores for a hefty markup , but making your own is a simple affair , and you get to choose the wood color and stain that best suits your kitchen .
Obviously , you should keep it at a height that 's safe for noggins and kids , but you 'll come to love the second - nature convenience of grabbing a chopping tool off the wall .
There are lots of other ways polarized metals can come in handy — weblog Evil Mad Scientist , for example , has 17 more — and we'd love to hear about any you 've come across or are using in your own secret lair / office .
Drop a link or describe your favorites in the comments .
Almost 8.3 million patient records have been stolen from a Virginia government website that tracks prescription drug abuse , according to hackers who are demanding a $ 10 million ransom for their return .
" I have your shit ! " the note , which was posted to Wikileaks read .
" In * my * possession , right now , are 8,257,378 patient records and a total of 35,548,087 prescriptions .
Also , I made an encrypted backup and deleted the original .
Unfortunately for Virginia , their backups seem to have gone missing , too . "
The message said if officials did n't respond within seven days the information would be made available to whoever offered the highest bid .
The story was first reported by Brian Krebs 's Security Fix blog .
The claims could not immediately be verified .
It stretches the imagination to believe outsiders could break into a state - run website and destroy both the original data and its backup , which presumably would be stored off - site .
A spokeswoman from Virginia 's Department of Health Professions did n't return a phone call seeking comment .
She told Security Fix the website was shut following following the April 30 discovery of an intrusion .
She never directly addressed whether sensitive data was stolen or deleted .
The Virginia PMP homepage remained unreachable at time of writing , and the state has temporarily discontinued email to and from the department , Security Fix said .
An FBI spokesman in Richmond , Virginia told the Associated Press the agency was investigating a referral from the Virginia Information Technologies Agency .
State police said they are assisting as well , the AP reported .
The episode is the latest cautionary tale to involve the mass storage of medical records in electronic form .
When not secured properly , these are easier to steal than paper records .
In November , pharmacy prescription processor Express Scripts offered a $ 1 m bounty for information leading to the arrest of blackmailers who threatened to disclose stolen records belonging to millions of patients .
President Barack Obama has made the digitization of medical records a major pillar of his push to lower the cost of health care .
Assuming the extortionists in this case are n't bluffing when they say they 've acquired records belonging to almost 8.3 million people , electronic storage of such sensitive information comes with a cost that can be underestimated only at our peril . ®
A computer screen displays an online gambling website , in this file photo from October 2 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Toby Melville
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Representative Barney Frank will unveil legislation on Wednesday to roll back a U.S. ban on online gambling , he said in a statement on Tuesday .
The new bill would exempt operators that are licensed and regulated from the ban enacted in 2006 , Frank said .
The Massachusetts Democrat said his legislation “ will enable Americans to bet online and put an end to an inappropriate interference with their personal freedom . ”
The Frank bill is likely to be opposed by anti-gambling Republicans .
The ban was imposed during the Bush administration and has damaged U.S. - European Union trade ties .
European online gambling firms lost billions of euros in value after Congress made it illegal for banks and credit card companies to make payments to online gambling sites .
Republicans controlled the White House and Congress when the law was approved .
Now , Democrats are in control in both branches of the government , but it is unclear how the Obama administration will handle the issue .
Companies involved in the issue include PartyGaming Plc and 888.com .
He added that the A.M.A. is not necessarily opposed to a public option , and I have the impression that it might accept a pallid one built on co-ops .
Dr. Rohack would n’t repudiate his association ’s letter to the Senate Finance Committee warning against a new public plan .
That letter declared : “ The introduction of a new public plan threatens to restrict patient choice by driving out private insurers . ”
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
I do n’t mind the A.M.A. lobbying on behalf of doctors in the many areas where physicians and patients have common interests .
The association is dead right , for example , in calling for curbs on lawsuits , which raise medical costs for everyone .
An excellent study published in 2006 in The New England Journal of Medicine found that for every dollar paid in compensation as a result of lawsuits against doctors , 54 cents goes to legal and administrative costs .
That ’s an absurd waste of money .
Moreover , aggressive law leads to defensive medicine , in the form of extra medical tests that waste everybody ’s money .
Tort reform should be a part of health reform .
Yet when the A.M.A. uses its lobbying muscle to oppose major health reform  yet again !
 that feels like a betrayal .
Doctors work hard to keep us healthy when we ’re in their offices , and that ’s why they win our trust and admiration  yet the A.M.A. ’s lobbying has sometimes undermined the health of the very patients whom the doctors have sworn to uphold .
I might expect the American Association of Used Car Dealers to focus exclusively on wallet - fattening , but we expect better of physicians .
In fairness , most physicians expect better as well , which is why the A.M.A. is on the decline .
“ It ’s what has led to the decline of the A.M.A. over the last half century , ” said Dr. David Himmelstein , a Massachusetts physician who also teaches at Harvard Medical School .
“ At this point only one in five practicing doctors are in the A.M.A. , and even among its members about half disagree with its policies . ”
To back that last point , Dr. Himmelstein pointed to surveys showing a surprising number of A.M.A. members who support a single - payer system .
Multiplayer gaming would n't be what it is today without the Nintendo 64 .
It 's strange to say in hindsight , considering the console 's antisocial streak .
In 1996 , it was the first system to make four - player gaming a default option , paving the way for couch - filling classics like Super Smash Bros. and Mario Kart 64 .
But typically , when the screen broke into fourths , the N64 made a party foul .
Before laggy internet games and Red Rings of Death , the common geek 's plight was the frame rate - how smoothly a game ran .
And as one of the earliest 3 - D consoles , the N64 often buckled under a quadrupled workload .
Star Wars podracing was more like plodracing when friends joined in .
Even legendary spy shooter GoldenEye 007 could look like a flipbook with four players sharing the screen .
Why , then , do fans still clamor for Golden Eye 's re-release on modern consoles ?
The rose - tinted glasses of nostalgia are clearly at work here - and modern game makers may have forced us to put them on .
In spite of Ã¼ber - powerful game systems , local multiplayer is falling by the wayside .
It 's not dead - how 's that Wii , Grandma and Grandpa ? - but these days , too many top - tier games are scrapping options for extra buddies to play in the same room , on the same couch , like we did for marathon sessions of GoldenEye .
As we transition into massive , online - only team games , our second , third and fourth controllers are collecting dust .
***
Stunt - racing masterpiece Burnout Paradise gets all the little things right .
With fewer loading pauses , the game does n't halt between races .
Frame rates are smooth .
Paradise 's developers have even given away bunches of free , downloadable bonuses .
These details are what we gamers beg for from so many developers , but I still have a bone to pick with Paradise .
In its multiplayer cooperative mode , players drive together through the game 's sprawling city with a variety of tasks : rip donuts in a particular parking lot , then set up a super - stunt where everyone crashes into each other in mid-air , etc .
Wild stuff .
Trouble is , you can't roll co-op with friends on the same screen .
Everybody needs a copy of the game , a console , a TV and an internet connection .
Stubbornly , I begged a buddy to get the game so we could enjoy these modes together - they seemed fun in early tests .
Not so much .
When he got confused , I could n't point at the screen and gesture .
My taunts were relegated to fuzzy shouts over a cheap headset .
Worse , when we drove from task to task , often for up to two miles of virtual distance , it felt hollow and boring - why could n't we spend this downtime riffing on the same couch ?
Adding more players to round out our co-op team did n't help ; rather , we were auto - grouped with rude , disagreeable or silent guests .
It 's neither the first nor the last game to leave couches cold in the latest gaming generation .
Shooters like Gears of War 2 and Resistance 2 top out at two players on a single console .
Sony 's latest mega - shooter , Killzone 2 , wo n't make room for more than one player per PS3 , in spite of its battle modes focusing specifically on four - player " squad " groups .
Even the most cooperative of all co-op games in recent history , Left 4 Dead , requires you to play online to max out your four - player squad .
A Sudoku Solver in Java implementing Knuths Dancing Links Algorithm
For the Harker Research Symposium
Version : 1.2
Date : 2006 April 20
Contents
Knuths paper on Dancing Links can be found here or follow the credits links below .
Dr. Donald Knuths Dancing Links Algorithm solves an Exact Cover situation .
The Exact Cover problem can be extended to a variety of applications that need to fill constraints .
Sudoku is one such special case of the Exact Cover problem .
The Journey
In early 2006 , I participated in the ACSL Competition .
The prompt of the competition was to create a simple Sudoku solver .
I had never solved a Sudoku puzzle so I researched on methods to approach the puzzle .
I came across several strategy guides , Sudoku forums , and computer solvers .
Hinted amongst the computer programs was the dancing links algorithm .
However , given the time and simplicity required for the competition , I reverted to a simple brute force candidate elimination algorithm to solve the simple Sudoku given by the ACSL .
However , I found that without a guessing and backtracking algorithm , I could not solve anything beyond the simplest puzzles .
Then around came the Symposium .
I was unsure of what the symposium really meant , but with the influence of my CS teacher , Mr. Feinberg , I entered with the notion of research the Dancing Links algorithm and creating a Sudoku solver .
In creating the program , I read Knuths paper and watched his recorded lecture .
Although there are several different versions of programs written in different languages available online with source code , I did not reference them .
Rather , I went ahead to discover the intricacies of the algorithm through my own exploration .
I also created the simple graphical interface , which displays the data structure uses : the matrix of doubly - linked nodes .
And so , I learned what the Exact Cover problem was , how the algorithm worked to extract the answer from the problem , how the Exact Cover problem can be adapted to Sudoku , and how I could build a program to accomplish my goal to create the Sudoku Solver .
Over the past two months , I have ventured through my first real encounter with Computer Science and discovered its underlying potential and power .
With my background in web design , I have gained another facet of admiration for CS .
The rest of the paper will describe the Exact Cover Problem , the Dancing Links Algorithm , and the application to Sudoku .
What is Exact Cover ?
Given a matrix of 1 s and 0 s the Dancing Links will find a set or more of rows in which exactly one 1 will appear for each column .
For example , in Knuths paper figure 3 , a matrix is given as :
0 0 1 0 1 1 0
1 0 0 1 0 0 1
0 1 1 0 0 1 0
1 0 0 1 0 0 0
0 1 0 0 0 0 1
0 0 0 1 1 0 1
Rows 1 , 4 , 5 are a set that solves this Exact Cover Puzzle .
Knuth takes advantage of a basic principle of doubly - linked lists .
When removing an object from a list , only two operations are needed :
x.getRight().setLeft ( x.getLeft ( ) )
x.getLeft().setRight ( x.getRight ( ) )
However , when putting the object back in the list , all is needed is to do the reverse of the operation .
x.getRight().setLeft ( x )
x.getLeft().set
Right ( x )
All that is needed to put the object back is the object itself , because the object still points to elements within the list .
Unless x s pointers are changed , this operation is very simple .
Dancing Links takes the Exact Cover matrix and puts it into a toroidal doubly - linked list .
For every column , there is a special ColumnNode , which contains that columns Unique Name and the columns size , the number of nodes in the column .
Every 1 in the list , is a Node .
Each Node points to another object up , down , left , right , and to its corresponding ColumnNode .
A special ColumnNode h points to the first ColumnNode on the left as a starting point for the algorithm .
So Knuths figure 3 would become :
The Algorithm
Given the ColumnNode h , the searching algorithm is then simplified to :
if ( h.getRight ( ) == h ) {
printSolution ( ) ;
return ;
}
else {
ColumnNode column = chooseNextColumn ( ) ;
cover( column ) ;
for ( Node row = column.getDown ( ) ; rowNode != column ; rowNode = rowNode.getDown ( ) ) {
solutions.add ( rowNode ) ;
for ( Node rightNode = row.getRight ( ) ; otherNode != row ; rightNode = rightNode.getRight ( ) )
cover ( rightNode ) ;
Search ( k+1 ) ;
solutions.remove( rowNode ) ;
column = rowNode.getColumn ( ) ;
for ( Node leftNode = rowNode.getLeft ( ) ; leftNode != row ; leftNode = leftNode.getLeft ( ) )
uncover ( leftNode ) ;
}
uncover ( column ) ;
}
Cover
cover ( ColumnNode c )
This function is the crux of the algorithm .
It removes a column from the matrix as well as remove all rows in the column from other columns they are in .
The code becomes :
Node column = dataNode.getColumn ( ) ;
column.getRight().setLeft ( column.getLeft ( ) ) ;
column.getLeft().setRight ( column.getRight ( ) ) ;
for ( Node row = column.getDown ( ) ; row != column ; row = row.getDown ( ) )
for ( Node rightNode = row.getRight ( ) ; rightNode != row ; rightNode = rightNode.getRight ( ) ) {
rightNode.getUp().setDown ( rightNode.getDown ( ) ) ;
rightNode.getDown().setUp ( rightNode.getUp ( ) ) ;
}
}
Note that we first remove the column from the other columns .
Then we go down a column and remove the row by traversing the row to the right .
Let s look at some illustrations .
Here is the matrix before Column A is covered .
All the links in bold are the links that are going to be affected by the cover function .
Now here is the matrix after Column A has been covered .
Notice how Column A and rows 2 and 4 are now independently linked outside of the matrix .
In effect , they have been removed .
Also note that each node that has been removed from the matrix still points to an element inside the matrix .
This allows us to easily backtrack .
Uncover
uncover ( ColumnNode c )
This is the answer to easy backtracking .
Taking advantage of the fact that every node that has been removed retains information about its neighbors , we can easily put the node back into the matrix using the reverse operation of cover .
Node column = dataNode.getColumn ( ) ;
for ( Node row = column.getUp ( ) ; row != column ; row = row.getUp ( ) )
for ( Node leftNode = row.getleft ( ) ; leftNode != row ; leftNode = leftNode.getRight ( ) ) {
leftNode.getUp().setDown ( leftNode.getDown ( ) ) ;
leftNode.getDown().setUp ( leftNode.getUp ( ) ) ;
}
column.getRight().setLeft ( column.getLeft ( ) ) ;
column.getLeft().setRight ( column.getRight ( ) ) ;
}
Notice that the traversal through the column and row are opposite to that of cover .
We first put the rows back by traveling up the column and to the left of the row .
Then we put the column back .
In effect , we undo the operation of cover .
Miscellaneous Functions
printSolution ( ) takes all the rowNodes in the solution index , which is built by some data structure solutions and translates their positions in the matrix into the positions in the actual puzzle .
chooseNextColumn ( ) advances the column pointer right or chooses the column with the least number of nodes .
Choosing the column with the least number of nodes decreases the branching of the algorithm .
It can be ignored if this is nt needed .
Finding a Solution
A solution is found when all the columns have been removed from the matrix .
This means that very row that we have added to the answer has one node in every column .
All constraints have been satisfied by the set of rows .
A complete run-through of this algorithm is shown in file : Exact .
Cover.Runthrough.xls .
So , what is Sudoku ?
Sudoku is a logic puzzle .
On a 9x9 grid with 3x3 regions , the digits 1 - 9 must be placed in each cell such that every row , column , and region contains only one instance of the digit .
Placing the numbers is simply an exercise of logic and patience .
Here is an example of a puzzle and its solution :
Images from http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/1/index_text-e.htm
To create the sparse matrix of Sudoku needed to convert the problem into an Exact Cover Problem , we need to recognize what the rows and columns represent .
The columns represent the constraints of the puzzle .
In Sudoku , we have four :
A position constraint : Only 1 number can occupy a cell
A row constraint : Only 1 instance of a number can be in the row
A column constraint : Only 1 instance of a number can be in a column
A region constraint : Only 1 instance of a number can be in a region
Each number comes with its own set of constraints .
Therefore there are SIZE ^2 * 4 columns . , where SIZE is the number of candidates / rows / cols there are in the Sudoku Puzzle .
In a 4x4 , this would be 64 columns .
In a 9x9 , this would be 324 columns .
The rows represent every single possible position for every number .
Therefore , there are SIZE ^ 3 rows .
In a 4x4 , this would be 64 columns .
In a 9x9 , this would be 729 rows .
Each row would represent only one candidate position .
Therefore , only 4 1s will be in the row , representing the constraints of that position .
The sparse matrix for a 4x4 Sudoku puzzle is seen in : 4x4.dlx.64x64.xls .
The 9x9 sparse matrix is impractical to create by hand .
Given initial positions in the matrix , those rows will be included in the answer and covered .
Then the Search algorithm will produce the solutions to the puzzle .
Having gone through 5 different revisions of the code , I have finally produced a program that can be presented .
The following is a list of features of the program .
Features
Input Currently , I have hardcoded Sudoku puzzles into 2D arrays .
In the future , I may learn to made a GUI that allows the user to input numbers onto a Sudoku puzzle display .
Output
By default , the program will display the initial input puzzle and then the solution .
Graphics
The graphical element displays the doubly - linked lists in a linear fashion .
Currently , it is only practical for 4x4 and 9x9 Sudoku puzzles .
Multiple Solutions
When this feature is enabled , the program can find multiple solutions to the puzzle given the input .
It will continue to search until all possible attempts fail to find anymore solutions .
Alternate search method
As described in Knuths paper , there are two methods to choose the next column in the search method .
The first simply chooses the node to the right of ColumnNode h .
The second minimizes the branching of the algorithm by looking for the column with the least number of nodes in the column .
The second method is much faster for solving 16x16 Sudoku puzzles .
Both methods can be used in this program Verbose and Debug Messages
When verbose messages are enabled , the program prints out the number of iterations search has been called and a snapshot of the current Sudoku puzzle .
Debug messages allows the user to see what the program is doing .
Delay A simply delay allows the graphical elements to catch up with the program , as well as slow down the output of the message .
To see the real power of the program , set delay to 0 and do not enable messages and graphics .
Source Code ( link disabled )
Posterboard Presentation
Dancing Links is a powerful algorithm that solves Exact Cover problems .
These problems can lead to interesting algorithmic exercises such as the Pentominos problem , polyiamonds , tetrasticks , the N queens , traveling knight , and other chessboard derivatives .
However , Exact Cover problems arent just theoretical mathematical puzzles though .
They describe many real life problems : problems such as making hotel room assignments given a group that has a many specific room requests , and organizing simple flight schedules for airports .
Dancing Links is a backtracking , depth - first algorithm that can find all possible solutions of the problem .
Dr. Donald Knuth and his lecture series : Computer Musings and his paper : Dancing Links
[ http://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/]
For his great work in Computer Algorithms and for discovering the art of Dancing Links .
Stanford University : [ http://www.stanford.edu/]
For educational possibilities through excellent professors Stanford Center for Professional Development [ http://scpd.stanford.edu/scpd/default.htm]
For providing a link to Knuths Lecture Series at : [ http://scpd.stanford.edu/scpd/students/Dam_ui/pages/ArchivedVideoList56K.asp?Include=musings]
Wikipedia [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page]
For providing basic information and useful links Sudoku Programmers Forum [ http://www.setbb.com/phpbb/index.php]
For bringing together programmers to discuss various implementations of their programs Stan Chesnutt [ http://www.bluechromis.com:8080/stan/chesnutt.html]
For his example of his Java implementation of a Sudoku Solver using the Dancing Links algorithm Ruud van der Werf and his program SudoCue [ http://www.sudocue.net/]
For a simple visualization of the Dancing Links implementation and for his program to create random puzzles Bob Hanson and his Sudoku Solver [ http://www.stolaf.edu/people/hansonr/Sudoku/]
For the visualization of the sparse matrix implementation of the Dancing Links algorithm The American Computer Science League ( ACSL ) [ http://www.acsl.org/]
For providing the idea for this project The Harker Research Symposium [ http://web.harker.org/WiSTEM/]
For providing me the opportunity to explore my passion for Computer Science And finally my teacher , Dave Feinberg
[ http://www.harker.org/page.cfm?p=160&dirid=29&dgid=1&dlid=1&keyword=dave]
For pushing me to enter the symposium
© 2006
Document by : Jonathan Chu
Graphene Emerging as the Miracle Material of the New Millenium
June 26th , 2009 by Tina Casey
Move over , silicon : graphene is ready for its closeup .
Discovered just a few years ago , graphene is a sheet of graphite the thickness of just one atom .
It can be processed like silicon to make electronic devices , which makes it easier to manipulate than the current “ it ” material , carbon nanotubes .
Without the breakdown problems that beset silicon at the nanoscale , graphene is bringing the dream of a molecule - sized computer closer to reality .
From Graphite to Graphene
Graphene was discovered in 2004 by researchers at the University of Manchester and Chernogolovka , Russia .
It can be found in flakes of graphite , a layered compound familiar to anyone who has used a pencil .
In powder form graphite is a lubricant .
Along with pencils , graphite is used to make steel , batteries , and brake linings .
Graphene to Copper : Buh - Bye
One potential roadblock to the use of graphene in mass production is the instability of graphene flakes .
Researchers at Georgia
Tech foresee a solution : “ growing ” graphene sheets on silicon carbide .
According to the researchers , synthetic graphite sheets have the potential to achieve a higher level of quality , making them an alluring substitute for copper .
In fact , graphene could outperform copper wire in connecting transistors and other integrated circuits .
Graphene Takes the World By Storm
The Georgia Tech research is just the tip of the graphene iceberg .
Research teams at UCLA are also on to a method for the mass production of graphene .
Next door at UC Berkeley , researchers are exploring the “ tunable ” properties of bilayered graphene through manipulating electrical fields .
At the University of Texas at Austin , they ’re working on a graphene based mega- battery , and the University of Crete in Greece is also exploring the potential for using graphene to store hydrogen , in combination with carbon nanotubes and lithium ions .
Graphene Compared to Carbon Nanotubes and Silicon
Scratch a graphene researcher , and you ’ll find an ex-carbon nanotube fan .
Carbon nanotubes are notoriously difficult to manipulate compared to graphene .
In terms of the leap from lab work to mass production , carbon nanotubes are also at a disadvantage .
While both share a superior ability to conduct electricity , carbon nanotubes require unique steps in processing .
In contrast , graphene can be manipulated on silicon carbide , using the familiar steps of silicon processing .
As for the advantage over silicon itself , graphene far surpasses silicon on the nanoscale and is capable of much finer processing .
What ’s so Green About Graphene ?
Graphene - based electronics could lead to a stripped down world in which the size of human fingers is the only limiting factor in the miniaturization of electronic devices .
The reduction in e-waste alone is well worth the effort .
Georgia
Tech researchers report that the electrons in graphene are more than 100 times more mobile than in silicon even at room temperature , reducing the need for energy - sucking temperature controls .
At Northwestern University , research teams have identified the chemical key to manipulating graphene - based functions , which could lead to advances in any number of sustainability fields including photovoltaics .
Here ’s the clincher :
The stunningly eclectic DARPA ( the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency ) is starting to invest heavily in graphene - based electronics through its Microsystems Technology Office , which is developing graphene - based transistors .
With the weight of the defense department behind it , graphene can only go up from here .
Image courtesy of Georgia Tech .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Ubisoft has just announced that Assassin ’s Creed 2 will be launching this Fall .
The exact date being November 17th .
With more than 3 times the size of the development team over the original this game is stacking up to be on of the greatest sequels of the year .
We here at PlayStation LifeStyle can’t wait to see more of this title .
Tomorrow we will be covering Sony ’s E3 Press Conference , so come back and check it out .
Three simple facts about Google and HTTPS :
One : as we posted last week , we 're very pleased to hear that Google is trialling full HTTPS encryption of all Gmail pages .
Two : if Google 's trials are successful , and the company does indeed make HTTPS encryption the default protocol for reading and writing Gmail messages , it will have taken a two - step lead on its competitors in the free webmail and social networking spaces .
People use Yahoo !
Mail , Hotmail , LiveJournal and Facebook for their private communications , but all of the private messages on those services travel over the network unprotected .
MySpace does n't even support HTTPS for passwords !
Three : webmail is one thing , but search is another .
Sadly , it is n't possible to use Google 's excellent search engine over HTTPS .
If you attempt to visit google .com via https , you 'll just be redirected back to unencrypted HTTP .
If you try the same thing at Yahoo or Microsoft , you 'll receive unhelpful error messages .
We 've been privately urging Google to make their search service available by HTTPS for some time , but nothing has happened .
Yahoo and Microsoft should of course do the same .
At the moment , the only search engine that offers protection against eavesdropping is a metasearch site called Ixquick ( they also have a truly excellent privacy policy ) .
We hope that some day , the major search engines can catch up with Ixquick .
Those are three simple observations .
If you 're interested in some less - simple technical detail about what HTTPS actually does , why it 's important , and what its limitations are , continue reading below the fold .
Why HTTPS is important
The correct use of HTTPS , as signified by a URL starting with https :// and an unbroken lock icon in the corner of the browser window , allows you to be sure that : the page you 're looking at was sent in encrypted form , so that eavesdroppers cannot read it ; and a " Certificate Authority " trusted by the people who supplied your browser has done some basic checking that the organization you 're talking to really owns the domain .
Two of the biggest privacy problems with sites that do not use HTTPS are vulnerability to wholesale " dragnet " surveillance , and vulnerability to local network eavesdropping , especially on wireless networks : Dragnet surveillance by ISPs , advertisers and governments is a problem in many places , from Iran to the United States .
HTTPS makes dragnet surveillance much more difficult , although traffic analysis is still possible .
Watching the HTTP traffic of other people on a wireless network is extremely easy .
Do you really want your neighbours , or other people in the same cafe as you to see what you 're searching for ?
Many people think they 're safer if they use an " encrypted " wireless network , but the feeling is largely misplaced .
Firstly , others who know the network password can still listen with minimal effort .
Secondly , there are trivially easy attacks on WEP encryption and more sophisticated attacks that work against WPA2 even if the eavesdropper does n't know the password .
Not using HTTPS also leaves you vulnerable to more subtle long - range hacking attacks such as those involving falsifying DNS responses .
Encrypting search results with HTTPS has subtle privacy effects with respect to the HTTP Referrer header .
Because of fine print in the HTTP spec , an HTTPS search results page hides your query terms from any non-HTTPS sites you might click through to , but not from HTTPS sites .
The Limits of HTTPS Encrypted Search
If the sites you visit as a result of searching are not encrypted , the fact that you 're reading them is still visible to eavesdroppers — the one thing that 's hidden are your search terms themselves .
On the other hand , as more sites on the web become available via HTTPS , the lack of a major encrypted web search engine becomes the weakest link in the community 's ability to browse those sites in privacy .
A parasitic microbe commonly found in cats might have helped shape entire human cultures by manipulating the personalities of infected individuals , according to a new study .
Infection by a Toxoplasma gondii could make some individuals more prone to some forms of neuroticism and could lead to differences among cultures if enough people are infected , says Kevin Lafferty , a U.S. Geological Survey scientist at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
In a survey of different countries , Lafferty found that people living in those with higher rates of T. gondii infection scored higher on average for neuroticism , defined as an emotional or mental disorder characterized by high levels of anxiety , insecurity or depression .
His finding is detailed in the Aug. 2 issue of the journal for Proceedings of the Royal Society , Biology .
Manipulating behavior
T. gondii infects both wild and domestic cats , but it is carried by many warm - blooded mammals .
One recent study showed that the parasite makes normally cautious rats outgoing and more prone to engage in reckless behavior , such as hanging around areas frequently marked by cat urine , making the rats easy targets .
Scientists estimate that the parasite has infected about 3 billion people , or about half of the human population .
Studies by researchers in the Czech Republic have suggested T. gondii might have subtle but long - term effects on its human hosts .
The parasite is thought to have different , and often opposite effects in men versus women , but both genders appear to develop a form of neuroticism called " guilt proneness . "
Other studies have also found links between the parasite and schizophrenia .
T. gondii infection is known to damage astrocytes , support cells in the brain that are also affected during schizophrenia .
Pregnant women with high levels of antibodies to the parasite are also more likely to give birth to children who will develop the disorder .
In light of such studies , Lafferty wondered whether high rates of T. gondii infection in a culture could shift the average personality of its individuals .
" In populations where this parasite is very common , mass personality modification could result in cultural change , " Lafferty said .
The distribution of T. gondii could explain differences in cultural aspects that relate to ego , money , material possessions , work and rules , Lafferty added .
In some countries , infections by the cat parasite are very rare , while in others nearly all adults are infected .
Adding to cultural diversity
To test his hypothesis , Lafferty looked at published data on cultural dimensions and average personalities for different countries .
The countries examined also kept records of the prevalence of T. gondii antibodies in women of childbearing age .
Countries with high prevalence of T. gondii infection also had higher average neuroticism scores .
" There could be a lot more to this story , " Lafferty said .
" Different responses to the parasite by men and women could lead to many additional cultural effects that are , as yet , difficult to analyze . "
Lafferty thinks that climate could be an important factor in determining which human populations are infected by T. gondii .
The parasite 's eggs can survive longer in humid , low - altitude regions , especially at mid latitudes that have infrequent freezing and thawing .
Other factors could also influence infection rates , including how a culture 's attitudes about having cats as pets and the hygiene practices of its people .
Despite its association with neuroticism , Lafferty does n't think all of the cat parasite 's effects on human culture are bad .
" After all , they add to our cultural diversity , " he said .
( CNN ) -- A British man beat 34,000 other applicants Wednesday to win , what has been dubbed , " the best job in the world " -- to stroll the white sands of a tropical island in Queensland , Australia , file weekly reports online to a global audience and earn a cool $ 100,000 .
Ben Southall will move into a three - bedroom beach home overlooking the Great Barrier Reef .
For the winner , Ben Southall , the six - month assignment is a far cry from his old job as a fundraiser .
" I love discovering new places , " Southall said in his hyperkinetic minute - long application video for the position .
" Last year , I drove all around Africa , I crossed deserts , climbed mountains , run marathons , bungee jump , mountain - bike , scuba - dive and snorkel everywhere because I 'm practically a fish myself . "
Oh , and he rode an ostrich .
He will move into a three - bedroom beach home overlooking the tropical island 's Great Barrier Reef .
For six months , he will feed the fish , clean the pool and send weekly blog and video reports on what is happening on the island .
Other benefits include free return airfares from their nearest capital city , transport on the island , computer and camera gear and travel to other islands .
The applicants used various attempts to woo their prospective employer , from wandering round a chilly city center in a bikini , to making their application in the form of a street musical , complete with chorus singers .
Sixteen finalists were flown in to Hamilton Island on Monday for interviews with a four - person panel .
The job starts July 1 .
All About Culture and Lifestyle • Jobs and Labor • Australia
This is the Complaint Choir sharing web - site .
Here you can find information about many complaints choirs that have been initiated around the world .
You can get information on how to organize your own choir or vote for your favourite complaints choir .
This project was initiated by Tellervo Kalleinen and Oliver Kochta - Kallleinen in 2005 .
The First Complaints Choir was organized in Birmingham followed by the Helsinki Complaints Choir . more ...
February 25 , 2016
VANCOUVER DID IT AGAIN
Another rendition of the Complaints Choir took place in New Westminster which I believe is a part of the Greater Vancouver region .
Thus the Complaints Choir density in Vancouver and surroundings - already the highest worldwide - was increased to new record levels .
The Choir performed during a VIBE evening that was dedicated to complaints culture in general .
The Anvil Community Choir , led by Shane Raman , set to music complaints received by the city .
April 1 , 2016
VOICES OF WASHINGTON
Looking at the current presidential election madness in the US it is appropriate to point once more to the great Complaints Choir version done by the Voices of Washington .
The performers wear masks due to the compromising content of the song .
And the conductor fittingly wears a Darth Vader mask .
But their complaints seem so sweet and innocent against the viciousness of this times .
January 5 , 2016
COMPLAINTS CHOIR TALLIN
A complaints choir in Tallin was formed for the exhibtion DOings & kNOts organized by Margit Sa?de & Tallinna Kunstihoone .
For your information , In Estonian Complaints Choir means Kaebekoor .
Previous NEWS can be read here .
[ Haskell ] ANNOUNCE : happstack-0.3.2
Announcing happstack - 0.3.2 :
It was released several days ago to hackage , but here is the official announcement !
List of recorded changes ( many improvements were not documented ) : * Modularization of the example application using the component system *
All packages now require Cabal >= 1.6 * Repository metadata added to cabal description * Moved Combined Logging from Happstack .
Server to Happstack.Server.AccessLog.Combined * Added Happstack .Util .Mail : a simple email interface which utilizes a smarthost * SimpleHTTP : look and lookPairs now assume utf - 8 from the browser * Space leak fixed in Happstack .
Util .
Timeout *
A fix for an issue where alphanumeric Accept - Encoding Requests made the parser fail * Fixes for some command - line browsers such as links * Guards now have fall - through semantics * Various updates & additions to documentation * Code beautification * Bugfix to Happstack .
Util .
Cron to accept intervals up to maxBound * addition of a strict version of fileServe " fileServeStrict " * fileServe ( lazy ) behaves more reliably now and escapes before any filters can be applied Regards , Matthew Elder -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell/attachments/20090624/db1bc4c7/attachment.html
Browse column FRESNO , CA — Name a country that lost at least two thirds of its male population fighting three countries at once , and nearly managed to beat all three before being ground down and damn near wiped out .
Second clue : this happened during the second - bloodiest war ever fought in the Western Hemisphere .
Whatever country you nominated , I bet it was n’t Paraguay during the War of the Triple Alliance , 1864 - 1870 .
To most war buffs the War of the Triple Alliance rates a big shrug , and Paraguay is more like a punchline than a country , a tiny landlocked South American sweatbox full of Nazi escapees creaking around cursing arthritis and the T - 34 .
Paraguay is like a country by Mel Brooks .
But Paraguay is the correct answer , and I ’m here to give the place its long overdue due .
By the way , if you ’re wondering what the first - bloodiest war in the Americas was , shame on you !
Blue and Gray ring any bells ?
Gettysburg ?
America ’s still got # 1 all locked up , thanks to the Civil War , just possibly the greatest war ever .
More than 600,000 dead , and most of them soldiers who died honorably , in open battle .
Until you ’ve been studying real war for a few years , you do n’t realize how rare that kind of high , clean body count is .
Like I ’ve said before , most conflict is massacre and counter - massacre .
Battles are rare .
And that reminds me , I have to quibble with these rankings , even though I feel dirty saying anything that could lower the ranking of our Civil War .
What worries me is nobody seems to count the Spanish - vs - Aztec or Spanish - vs - Inca wars in the rankings .
Nobody ’s very sure how many people died in Mexico , but the simplest answer is “ Most of ’em , ” and since the Inca have been fighting the Spanish for 500 years at last count , they deserve an entry in the numbers game too .
But let ’s say we rule out those conquistador wars , and stick to more standard nation - vs- nation fights ; you still have to wonder why this amazing War of the Triple Alliance does n’t get any publicity .
Basically the answer is because the whole thing is a downer .
The countries that fought it are downers :
Who wants to think about Argentina if they do n’t have to ?
And Uruguay , I had to do a report on Uruguay in fifth grade , picked it because nobody else was going to , started out rooting for it as El Underdog , but by the end I decided it deserved to be just Uruguay .
I mean , being a suburb of Argentina , the East St. Louis to Buenos Aires — what could be more pathetic ?
If only I ’d picked the other Guay !
Then I ’d have changed my whole take on the continent a lot sooner .
Then there ’s the fact that it was a real stupid war .
One of the best accounts of the whole thing is titled “ El Guerro el Mas Stupido . ”
Which is why I ’m not going to waste much time on how it got started .
The official reason is that Brazil and Argentina were messing with Uruguayan politics and when the Uruguayan minority party , the Blancos , asked their Paraguay comrades upriver for help , and Paraguay was too macho to say no .
The real reason it got started is a lot simpler : because 19th - century nations pumped more testosterone than all the steroid casualties at your gym put together , and when dudes like that spent money on cute Zouave uniforms and horses ( cavalry was incredibly expensive ) and flags , they wanted their money ’s worth .
19th - century war junkies — and that was every man who could read in those better days — were n’t as lame as us 21st - century .
taxpayers who do n’t even demand that SAC vaporize Tehran just so we can see that those H - bombs we paid for actually work .
Your average Victorian newspaper junkie wanted flowery detailed battle reports about their friends and relatives getting filled full of glorious grapeshot .
And plenty of illustrations of hussars being shot out of the saddle .
It ’s the same answer as the old joke about why dogs lick their own balls : “ Because they can . ”
Pages : Previous 1 2345 Next Print Share article
[ social_buttons ]
Most of you know by now that deforestation , and the emissions that cleared forestlands add to the atmosphere , exacerbates climate change .
But it may come as a surprise to learn that the opposite is true .
New scientific findings suggest that climate change is threatening remaining forests more dramatically than previously suspected .
Until recently , climate scientists thought that trees , and the biodiversity they support , could withstand a temperature rise lower than 3C .
New findings , announced at last month ’s Copenhagen “ Congress ” to discuss climate issues , estimate that a 3C temperature rise will result in a 75 % loss of forests .
The report ’s sponsoring organization , the UK Meteorological Office ‘s climate change research division , has said that a 4C temperature rise – consistent with current human activities – will cause 85 % of trees to disappear .
Under even the most conservative climate change scenario – a 1C temperature jump – will kill off one third of Amazonian forests , which alone contain one tenth of total carbon stored in land ecosystems .
Scientists now estimate that the chance of staying below a 2C temperature rise are only 50 % , even if drastic cuts in emissions take place over the next ten years .
Already , a .75C temperature rise above pre-industrial has been locked - in , with another .6C expected , based solely upon current levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
The rise in temperatures so threatens the trees because , as forests warm up , evaporation occurs more quickly and trees dry out .
Whether through ensuing forests fires or lack of water , the trees can not survive such conditions .
Some have described rainforests as the “ Heart of the Planet , ” responsible for generating winds that pump water to all parts of the earth .
The implication of compromising the operations of forests – a literal “ biotic pump “ , according to another recent report by a pair of Russian meteorologists – is increased climate change .
These reports suggest such positive feedback mechanisms are already in place , which may be the most troubling aspect of all .
Positive feedback is literally a vicious cycle manifested .
As forest coverage decreases , more carbon is released into the atmosphere , which will then decrease forest coverage , and so on .
Tim Lenton , a climate expert at the University of East Anglia , said : “ When I was young I thought chopping down the trees would destroy the forest but now it seems that climate change will deliver the killer blow . ”
Mmmm , not quite .
While climate may pose the most severe long - term threat to forestlands , current deforestation is putting trees at great risk right now , begging the question of whether the forests will even be around once the temperature rises enough to kill them off .
At the moment , clearing trees to plant palm plantations , to produce palm oil – a major biofuel feedstock – represents the greatest threat to tropical forests .
Just this week , a new study concluded that it would take 75 years for the carbon emissions saved through the use of biofuels to compensate for the carbon released into the atmosphere when forests are converted into palm plantations .
So , whether it ’s the climate or the cutting that is killing the forests , the onus of responsibility remains the same .
Either way you slice it , it ’s not you [ trees ] , it ’s us .
Photo Credit : Tjeerd via Flickr
On the night he retires as a Reno , Nevada detective , Jerry Black ( Jack Nicholson ) pledges to the mother of a murdered girl that he will find the killer .
Jerry does n't believe the Police arrested the right man .
He discovers that this is the third incident in the area in the recent past with victims young , blonde , pretty , and small for their ages .
So he buys an old gas station in the mountains near the crimes in order to search for a tall man who drives a black station wagon , gives toy porcupines as gifts , and calls himself " the wizard " , all clues from a drawing by the dead girl .
Jerry 's solitary life gives way to friendship with a woman and her small , blonde daughter .
Has Jerry neglected something that may prove to be fatal ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Enlarge Want a free copy of Wolverine ?
Then head to your local comic - book shop Saturday is Free Comic Book Day .
You 've seen the movie .
Now read the comic .
That 's the comic - book industry 's super plan Saturday as it celebrates X - Men Origins : Wolverine with the eighth annual Free Comic Book Day .
In an effort to attract new readers , more than 2,000 comic shops are offering free comics , ranging from Wolverine and The Avengers from Marvel to a preview of DC Comics ' " Blackest Night " event in Green Lantern .
There 's a Shonen Jump manga special , Archie , Cars , even a NASCAR comic .
" It 's like the peace summit of comic books when all of the major publishers work together , " says Geoff Johns , writer of DC's Green Lantern .
" There 's always something for everyone . "
While not every comic - book shop offers every title — each book costs a shop about 20 cents — by day 's end , millions of comics will have been given away , says Steve Geppi , CEO of Diamond Comics , the industry 's primary distributor .
" Even with all their entertainment choices , kids still love comic books when they can get ahold of them , " he says .
Though comic books have gotten more mature in recent years , the offerings Saturday are mostly kid-friendly .
Marvel 's Wolverine is an " all ages " book , and one of DC 's offerings is a " Mega Sampler " of cartoon - based comics .
Geppi says it 's a chance to build new customers .
" The amount shops give away is returned many - fold , sometimes that same day , " he says .
Find participating comic stores at freecomicbookday.com .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
So I won , and the expenses for the six MPs were released to me .
They covered the period 2001 to 2004 .
Despite this being a test case , the Commons authorities have now destroyed all other MPs ' receipts from that period ( they even destroyed some of Tony Blair 's receipts , which I had asked for , while my request was under consideration ; they later apologised for this " mistake " . )
Tags
So Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr. , founder , CEO , thinker , of the Ludwig von Mises Institute opens his highly succcessful daily email newsletter on literally the largest nonprofit website in the world .
This opening also sets the theme for his own selected articles and speeches reprinted here , displaying a leading liberatarian taking on critics of libertarianism .
E.g. , he cites then Vice Pesident Richard Cheney saying " one of the things that 's changed so much since Sept. 11 is the extent to which people do trust the government big shift and value it , and have higher expectations for what we can do . "
Dream on , Mr. Vice President .
Or , adds Mr. Rockwell , the triumph of hope over experience !
Or , notes our author , here is conservative columnist George Will writing that 9/11
forcefully reminded Americans that their nation - state … is the source of their security ….
Events since Sept. 11 have underscored the limits of libertarianism .
Or Rockwell takes Johns Hopkins University Professor Francis Fukuyama to task for proclaiming the " fall of the libertarians . "
Fukuyama says that 9/11 , " not the market or individuals , " has reminded Americans " why government exists , and why it has to tax citizens and spend money to promote collective interests , " such as fighting terrorists and screening passengers at airports .
Rockwell also quotes Albert Hunt of the Wall Street Journal as typical of this order of commentary : " It 's time to declare a moratorium on government - bashing . "
And note that all this is prior to the arrival of Obamanomics .
Barack Obama 's name did n't even make the Rockwell book index though he became a U.S. senator in 2004 .
No need .
We 've seen this movie before .
Well , just who is this man Rockwell , who with the passing of Lu Mises and Murray Rothbard , money expert - investment advisor Gary North declares to be now the Nation 's new top libertarian ?
Rockwell has edited six books including The Irrepressible Rothbard .
In 2007 he published Mises : The Last Knight of [ Classical ] Liberalism by Jorg Guido Hulsmann , a 1,160 - page definitive and riveting bio of Mises , 1881 –1973 .
Mises was the father of modern libertarianism , a towering economist in the 20th century , the man who predicted in 1920 the inevitable collapse of the Soviet Union and all other socialist states due to their critical lack of market - derived " economic calculation . "
As collapse they rather suddenly did — from East Germany to Red China just before the 20th century ran out .
But waves of state interventionism ( welfarism / " soft socialism " ) have long since engulfed economies over the globe , hardly the least of which is the United States .
Here is how libertarian 10th - termer Texas GOP Congressman Ron Paul , who would terminate the Fed , endorses the Rockwell work on its back - cover :
We are threatened by statism from both left and right .
Their plans all depend on inflationary finance .
This is why Lew 's book is a clarion call for the only way out : Freedom and sound money , which he defends with equal passion .
Item : Jailing Martha Stewart .
Rockwell says that her jailing was a national disgrace , that this great entrepreneur was guilty of but being beloved , famous , and rich , that when the U.S. Justice Department could n't nail her for insider trading , it cleverly switched her indictment to obstruction of justice — whose proof was lacking , says Rockwell .
He comments :
The real point of this case , I believe , was … to inspire fear and loathing across corporate America .
This is n't just my opinion .
This was a point made by the New York Times , in the hope that her jailing would intimidate the whole of the American business class .
Item : Wal - Mart warms up to the State ?
But why ?
Well , the CEO of Wal - Mart , H. Lee Scott , Jr. , publicly called for an increase in the minimum wage , then at $ 5.15 an hour .
So note the fact , says Rockwell , that Wal - Mart at the same time was paying between $ 8.23 and $ 9.68 an hour as its national pay average — more than half again the minimum wage .
The plot thickens ….
Says Rockwell : Mr. Scott found a dubious tactic to hurt its Main Street and other little - guy competitiors over America .
How so ?
By pushing up their labor costs via " legal " state intervention , thus diverting still more cost - conscious customers to Wal - Mart .
The Rockwell cure to end such sly competition is pure libertarianism :
Do n't raise the minimum wage .
Abolish it for good : the public good and indeed the employee 's good .
Item :
The rub with state occupational licensing is that it not only covers hundreds of crafts from plumbers to game wardens but it is something of a tut - tut industry in our 50 state capitals — a game of who gets what , with a solid license - fee rake - off for each state .
Of interest , Underwriters Laboratories Inc. performs an invaluable if analogous service in approving product capability for consumers .
But it does so entirely in the private sector , quite a victory for freedom and free enterprise .
Item :
Our author notes , for example , that not long ago the Tennessee Dental Society of licensed dentists sued to stop " danger to patients " : work by professional if unlicensed dental hygienists .
One such hygienist protested that her price was lower and so her customers would get their teeth cleaned more often .
But she was still not a licensed dentist nor is / her hygienist , and thus was driven out of business .
C'est la vie politique , Lady , and your customers too .
You best check on occupational licensing and other dubious goings - on in your state - capital Nashville and , Dear Readers everywhere else , in your own state capital too .
If — a big if — you have the time , patience , and ability to counter glib bureaucrats and politicians .
Such ability is where Rockwell shines — most knowledgeable and most articulate on a market society in which pro-state and pro-war activities are explored and deplored .
So Rockwell raises a central question for our troubled time : Just what is the State as it has evolved so interventionistically since shortly after passage of the Bill of Rights ?
Early - on interventions such as trade protectionism ( hurtful to the South ) , central banks , war , welfarism , and much more .
His answer is matchless , challenging , most Jeffersonian ( Rockwell much admires Jefferson ) :
It is the group within society that claims for itself the exclusive right to rule everyone under a special set of laws that permit it to do to others what everyone else is rightly prohibited from doing , namely aggressing against person and property .
Amen .
Wie immer möchte die Wochenschau von Hal Faber den Blick für die Details schärfen : Die sonntägliche Wochenschau ist Kommentar , Ausblick und Analyse .
Sie ist Rück - wie Vorschau zugleich .
Was war .
*** Schon wieder eine Wochenschau ?
Was soll das denn ?
" Schon im 17 .
Jahrhundert gab es übrigens ein Theaterstück über einen Menschen , der eine Zeitung gründete , die jede Woche erscheinen sollte .
Im Fortgang der Handlung wurde dann gefolgert , dass da nur Lügen drinstehen können , denn , so dachte man damals , es passiert ja nicht jede Woche etwas , " erzählte Niklas Luhmann einstmals .
Wir lügen weiter .
*** Ist das der fiebrige , gar grün alkoholisierte Traum einer Mittsommernacht ?
Mit den Stimmen der Großen Koalition hat der 16 .
Deutsche Bundestag beschlossen , dass die Leugnung der rechtlichen Verhältnisse im Internet unter Strafe gestellt wird .
Wer in Zukunft behauptet , dass das Internet ein rechtsfreier Raum ist , muss drei Monate als Praktikant am großen Internetausdrucker stehen und gegen den allfälligen Papierstau kämpfen , wenn sich die Internet - Politikerin des Jahres das Internet ausdrucken lässt .
Ja , es ist eine juristisch einfach zu beantwortende Frage , ob es da einen rechtsfreien Raum gibt .
Nach dem gesetzlich verordneten Arbeitsdienst in der Produktion ganz im Stil der alten DDR dürfte ein Politologe wie Herfried Münkler seinen asymmetrischen Krieg gegen das Internet vielleicht mit anderen Sätzen führen als mit dem blühenden Unsinn über die Verbündung von kriminellen Geschäftemachern und anarchistischen Freiheitskämpfern .
Diese wirre Würfelung druckte ausgerechnet die Frankfurter Rundschau ab : " Diese Position einer prinzipiellen Verbotsabwehr verbindet sich mit der Auffassung , in der virtuellen Welt des Internets hätten die Eigentumsansprüche , wie sie in der realen
Welt erhoben werden , keine Geltung , sondern müssten einer kostenfreien Nutzung durch alle zugänglich sein . "
Dieser strunzdumme
Text wird von einem wehleidigen Nachschlag des Machiavelli -Experten begleitet , in dem vom Vertrauen in die Ordnung des Rechtsstaates die Rede ist .
*** Der hat mit seiner Legislative mitnichten ein Gesetz zur Beschränkung der freien Rede verabschiedet , sondern eine " Zugangserschwernis " für den Aufruf von Internetinhalten .
So aber hat der 16 .
Deutsche Bundestag das Vertrauen in die Ordnung des Rechtsstaates gründlich zerrüttet , als mit den Stimmen der Großen Koalition in dieser Woche das Ermächtigungsgesetz 2.0 beschlossen wurde .
Dass es wirklich um Kinderpornografie ging , ist ausgemachter Kinderglaube :
Es dauerte genau zwei Stunden , bis der Schwiegersohn unseres amtierenden Innenministers vorschlug , die Stellschrauben zu justieren .
Nach Kinderporno und Killerspielen könnten politischer Extremismus zugeschaltet und weggesperrt werden : Wir Sind China !
Das meint auch das Wall Street Journal , um mal auf eine unverdächtige externe Bewertung der Bündnispartner zu verlinken .
*** Gegen das Gesetz stimmten die Linke und FDP sowie Jochen Borchert von der CDU , offenbar Verbundenheit mit seiner Tochter demonstrierend .
Die CDU ist halt eine Familienpartei .
Steffen Reiche und Wolfgang Wodarg sagten bei der SPD nein und dann war da noch der Faßüberläufer Jörg Tauss von der Piratenpartei .
Mit 15 Enthaltungen zeigten die Grünen ihre bekannte Geschmeidigkeit der kohlkraftigen Interpretation , die schon immer die FDP für Besseresser auszeichnete .
Aber vielleicht waren sie nur wieder einmal etwas zu eingeschüchtert , wer weiß das schon .
*** Alle , die dies nicht sind , die sich nicht vom angesammelten Unsinn deutscher Politiker entmutigen lassen , dürfen jetzt den Zensursula - Song anstimmen , auf den ich wunderbarerweise schon anno 2007 in diesem WWWW mit dem Musterhausküchenfachgeschäften verlinkt habe .
Man muss den
Beat nicht mögen , aber hier ist mehr Musik am Werke als in allen Kommentaren zum Ausfall der Popkomm , für den ein abgehalfterter Bassist den Diebstahl im Internet verantwortlich macht .
Wie war das noch mit der triumphierenden Meldung der deutschen Musikindustrie vom Januar 2009 , nach der der deutsche Downloadmarkt ( PDF - Datei ) um 30 Prozent jährlich wächst ?
Bis zu 3
Euro werden pro Stück gezahlt , was teurer ist , als eine komplette CD zu erwerben .
Diebstahl würde ich das nicht nennen .
Was stimmt da nicht , fragt ganz besorgt die Tagesschau der ARD .
Sie ist mit 24 DVDs des Beatclubs gerade dabei , einen hübschen Verkaufserfolg bei uns Raubkopiermördern zu erzielen .
Womit ich bei einem hübschen Jubiläum bin , das ganz nach dem Geschmack der Generation 50 Plus ist : vor 50 Jahren wurde Island Records von Chris Blackwell gegründet : " Ein gutes Plattenlabel ist so etwas wie ein Filter .
Es siebt die Musik durch den Geschmack von ein , zwei Leuten , die dahinterstehen .
Wenn sie die Sache gut machen , schafft das ein Vertrauensverhältnis mit ähnlich denkenden Musikfans . "
Das schreibe ich lieber ab als das Statement einer Industrie , die auch noch applaudiert , wenn sich ein regierender Politiker dazu entschließt , das eigene Verfassungsgericht zu ignorieren .
Wo bleibt eigentlich die Forderung nach Sperrlisten für Musikindustrie - Imitierer , die die Demokratie abschaffen wollen ?
*** Mit den Jubiläen , den Geburts - wie Todestagen ist das so eine Sache .
Wer nicht unter einem dicken Stein à la " Kampf der Häuptlinge " gelegen hat , wird den Geburtstag von Jürgen Habermas und den Tod von Ralf Dahrendorf mitbekommen haben .
Dahrendorf war ein beherzter Denker , der sich unter anderem überlegte , welche Folge die " Auflösung der Ligaturen in einer Gesellschaft " haben kann , die wir aktuell in der Debatte um die Sperr - Infrastrukturen gut verfolgen können .
Ligaturen ?
Aber sicher doch .
So passt es , dass wir von Habermas das zwanglose Getrolle lernen und es mit der Dahrendorf lesen können .
Derweil bahnt sich in England eine kleine Revolution an , die Lord Dahrendorf amüsiert hätte : Aus der Transparenz bei den Spesenabrechnungen wird mit der Internet - Veröffentlichung durch den Telegraph ein Lehrstück über Informationszensur .
Wer weiß , vielleicht landet das Blatt auch noch auf der britischen Sperrliste .
Schließlich steckt im Kinderschutz auch so etwas wie der schützenswerte Glaube an das Gute im Menschen , an das unsichtbare rosa Einhorn oder die unstillbare Hoffnung auf korrekte Abrechnung der Arbeiten in diesem kleinen Newsticker .
*** Wenn es an einen Geburtstag zu erinnern gilt , dann ist es der von Schirin Ebadi , der Friedens - Nobelpreisträgerin des Jahres 2003 .
Ebadi wird heute " nur " 62 jahre alt , steht aber für den Fortschritt in einem Land , das nach einer dubios verlaufenen Wahl an der Schwelle zu einem Gemetzel steht , mit vielen Opfern , die der regierenden Geistlichkeit herzlich egal sind .
Zu dumm , dass es keinen Übersetzungsdienst für demokratische Werte im Internet gibt .
Er würde nicht nur im Iran von großem Nutzen sein .
Die Ereignisse im Iran erinnern aber auch daran , dass das Internet zwar der Opposition gegen ein diktatorisches Regime nützliche Hilfsmittel liefern kann – dass diese Opposition aber auch recht hilflos dastehen kann , wenn sie sich nur auf diese Technik verlässt , die ein Regime wie im Iran auch einfach abschalten kann .
Was wird .
Mittsommer , soso : " Die Wahrheit zu sagen , halten Vernunft und Liebe heutzutage nicht viel Gemeinschaft .
Schade , dass ehrliche Nachbarn sie nicht zu Freunden machen wollen ! "
Shakespeares Sommernachtstraum verweist heute auf ein gar diabolisches Lüftchen , das der Firma SCO einen neuen Investor zugeführt hat .
Da gibt es eine Gulf Capital , hinter der ein Eric le Blan auftaucht , mit einer irakischen Firma namens Merchant Bridge im Hintergrund – die unendliche Geschichte verspricht , noch ein netter west - östlicher Divan zu werden .
Die meiste Arbeit werden wohl Verschwörungstheoretiker haben , die den " missing link " zu Microsoft suchen .
Freuen wir uns lieber auf den anbrechenden Sommer und seine Löcher , in denen es rätselhaft genug zugehen wird .
Zu meiner besonderen Freude startete am letzten Samstag ein Projekt , bei dem in " Echtzeit " der Briefwechsel zwischen Schiller und Goethe veröffentlicht wird .
Natürlich ist kein jammernder Verleger oder Buchhändler drauf gekommen , sondern der Journalist Giesbert Damaschke , der mit Pl@net ( Untertitel anno 1995 : " Lies mich , du Sau " ) das lustigste deutsche Internetblatt kredenzte .
Im ersten deutschen Internetcafe dürfte ganz virtuell ein Wirt mitfeiern , der das Internet als eine Erweiterung des menschlichen Gehirns verstand .
Achja , die Termine .
Die Auswahl ist reichlich .
In Bonn feiert das BSI das Jubiläum des IT - Grundschutzes .
In Berlin versuchen es die Berlin Open mit " rückhaltloser Ehrlichkeit " , einem Konzept , das zumindest in den Ohren deutscher Webwegsperr - Politiker einen pornografischen Unterton hat , In München tritt unsere Kanzlerin in einem Kesselhaus auf und spricht für die vielen , vielen Geburtstagskinder der Fraunhofers zum Thema " 60 Jahre Motor für Innovationen " .
Vielleicht besucht sie auch den nahebei geparkten Fraunhofer - Truck , der den digitalen Alltag propagiert , komplett mit vollautomatischer Anzeige bei fahrlässiger Tötung :
" Die intelligente Hausapotheke kommt aus dem Fraunhofer - Institut für Fabrikbetrieb und Automatisierung IFF in Magdeburg .
Die Forscher haben Arzneimittel , den Schrank und den elektronischen Schlüssel mit RFID - Technologie ausgestattet .
Auf Transpondern werden Daten gespeichert und per Funk übertragen .
Der Medizinschrank der Zukunft lässt sich nur mit dem richtigen elektronischen Schlüssel öffnen , auf dem die Zugriffsrechte genau gespeichert sind .
Das System registriert automatisch , welcher Schlüssel die Tür geöffnet hat und wann was entnommen wurde . "
( Hal Faber ) / ( jk )
In the paddock , 10 horses circle , models strutting on a runway , on display one last time for the gamblers to ogle before they place their bets .
Shiny and sculpted , the Thoroughbreds revel in the attention , their magnificent beauty making the humans around them seem small .
They are born to compete , and they show it in how they flatten their ears when behind by a length or bite a challenger who gets too close or stretch their necks to win by a nose and then pose for the cameras afterward .
At the moment , Canady is judging them for the final time too , searching for a limp or bob or any sign of injury .
This is her second inspection of the day , the hands - off kind .
Hours earlier , she administered a more rigorous exam , feeling legs and joints for signs of injury .
Now she must catch anything she might have missed .
She watches the animals closely as they 're led out to the track , then climbs into her truck , giving each a final look as the grooms cram them , one by one , into the green starting gates ...
And they 're off .
So is Canady , crouched in the driver 's seat , hands at 10 and 2 , seat belt undone , the Tundra trailing the horses from the dirt as they run on the turf .
Her blue eyes flip between the stampede and the road , the truck fishtailing as it accelerates .
Next to her in the front seat is Waverly Parsons , the track chaplain , who , minutes earlier , administered a prayer for the owners , trainers , jockeys , grooms and horses .
On the floor behind them is a black metal equine leg splint , big as a ski boot .
On the backseat , the black medical bag .
Rounding the first corner , Canady is silent and tense , as she is during every one of the 10 races she works each day .
She can't usually drive faster than 30 mph without tearing up the road , so most of the horses have far outpaced her .
A quarter mile ahead , jockey Francisco Torres is saddled on Heelbolt , winner of his previous three races .
Suddenly , Torres feels a jolt and hears a pop , like a bat hitting a softball .
He will later say Heelbolt " took a bad step " -- jockeys always say the horse took a bad step .
Heelbolt pulls up , hobbling as he slows from 40 mph to a stop .
A scared Torres leaps off , landing several yards away .
As Canady rounds the second corner in her truck , the radio attached to her belt , labeled Vet 1 , screams , " A horse is down !
A rider is down ! "
She hits the gas .
Every eye is on her .
THEY DON'T shoot horses anymore .
They used to , back when horse racing mattered , back when it grabbed America like football does now , when a day at the track meant dressing for church , with men in suits and women in hats , back when it was more about horses and less about money -- less about us .
In 1973 , when Secretariat won the Triple Crown , about $ 4.5 billion was wagered annually on horse racing .
That number has since grown to nearly $ 14 billion .
And yet the sport flashes on and off our radar now , briefly catching our attention when a Funny Cide or Smarty Jones threatens to make history , or , more tragically , when death comes to the track -- as it did for Eight Belles at last year 's Kentucky Derby -- and we 're reminded that one of our country 's oldest sports is one in which the athletes sometimes die during competition .
Left to do the killing are the track vets , the people who pride themselves on being the strongest advocates for the horses , the people who do n't give a damn about the money .
" We police the sport , " Canady says .
It 's often a thankless job .
The starting salary for a regulatory vet is about $ 55,000 , with 10 - hour days the norm .
There is constant , unspoken pressure not to scratch horses from competition ; some owners yell at trainers who ask vets to look for injuries .
While Canady is warm to most owners , she is pals with few .
" You have to be friendly , " she says , " but not friends . "
Euthanizing horses is a small part of the job -- nationally , 1.5 out of every 1,000 must be put down because of injuries sustained on the track , according to the Association of Racing Commissioners International -- but it 's the worst part .
Dean Richardson " cried for days " after euthanizing his most famous patient , Barbaro .
David Fitzpatrick , chief vet for the Illinois Racing Board , tears up as he talks about horses he 's put down .
Celeste Kunz , the emergency vet at the Meadlowlands in New Jersey , cried when Eight Belles suffered that fatal injury -- and she was watching the Derby from home .
" It felt like every horse I 've ever lost died that day , " Kunz says .
After Canady put down a foal with terminal birth defects , she " did n't talk to anyone for days . "
Death can be spooky .
In 1993 , Kunz was working at Jersey 's Monmouth Park , where mist and fog blow off the Atlantic Ocean onto the beachside track .
Visibility was awful , but competition rarely stopped .
After one race , Kunz counted nine horses at the finish ; 10 had started .
She took off on foot , walking the track with her medical tool kit , squinting through the mist until she saw a shadowy figure , already a ghost :
It was a gray and white horse with a fractured ankle , waiting for someone to end his misery .
Death can be mystifying .
In 2004 , when Canady was working at Finger Lakes Race Track in upstate New York , she got word that a horse had been injured on a hot walker , a carousel that slowly leads the animals in circles to cool them down .
When she arrived , the vet saw one of the horse 's hind legs had snapped in half , but she could n't figure out how .
There were no other horses nearby , no holes in the ground , no rails that might have been kicked .
" The leg just broke , " Canady says with a sad shrug .
Death can be contagious .
Earlier this year , seven horses had to be euthanized in two weeks at Santa Anita .
Critics blamed the synthetic surface , which the California Horse Racing Board had mandated for all major tracks to improve safety .
By and large , the new surface had worked , reducing deaths from catastrophic injuries statewide from 3.01 per 1,000 in 2007 to 2.29 last year .
But all of a sudden horses were dropping at an alarming rate , the public was wondering why , and Santa Anita officials did n't have an answer .
Then , as inexplicably as the breakdowns started , they stopped .
Only two horses in the next 68 days were euthanized .
More than anything , death can be hard to shake .
Most veterinary schools do n't teach students how to cope with it .
The American Association of Equine Practitioners does n't have a support line to call .
Vets just suck it up and go , using medical necessity as a shield .
Kunz has learned to hide her feelings in those hectic moments .
Still , a " nervous , energetic fear " courses through her body as she injects a horse with that toxic solution .
" The decision to euthanize is scary , " she says .
" You 're really isolated on the track .
There are no other vets with you .
But you can't go to pieces because you have to be there for the horse . "
That 's why these vets picked this career -- because they love horses enough to suffer for them , because they understand that death is sometimes better than life .
They know that a broken bone is often a death sentence for an animal whose internal organs , including digestive and circulatory systems , are dependent on continued mobility .
Casts and slings restrict movement and prevent those organs from functioning properly , leading to life - threatening diseases .
As a result , Kunz says , " the cases where we euthanize a horse are black and white . "
Death by lethal injection comes in about a minute , which seems very peaceful , very quick .
So it 's stunning to hear many vets say that this method is n't in the best interests of the horse .
They would rather ditch the pink and do the killing in the way they deem most humane .
With a gun .
Derby winner Barbaro shattered a hind leg at the Preakness and would later be put down by lethal injection .
Matthew Stockman / Getty Images
THE TRUCK slides to a stop .
Canady sees Heelbolt , standing 15 yards away .
He 's a gorgeous horse : glistening brown coat that darkens into black legs , speckles of white surrounding his eyes , a cowlick topping the crest of his head .
He 's exactly four months shy of his fifth birthday , April 1 .
He loves apples and carrots .
He 's so gentle , owner Ray Guarisco and trainer Sturges Ducoing can't recall his ever kicking anyone .
But Heelbolt is competitive .
He 's done well over the past few months , prompting Guarisco , an equipment contractor in nearby Morgan City , to visit the track today .
It 's the first time the owner has seen his prize horse run in person .
Canady grabs the splint and the black bag , ducks under the railing and runs up the five - foot hill to the track .
Two ambulances , one for the rider , one for the horse , are en route .
Chaplain Parsons runs toward Torres , who is crumpled on the ground .
" Are you okay ? " Parsons asks .
" I 'm fine , " Torres says .
" Check on the horse . "
Canady is almost there .
This is the job she was born to do .
She loved horse racing as a kid in New Castle , Pa .
Although her parents insisted her middle name , Kelso , was shared coincidentally with the Hall of Fame Thoroughbred , she prefers to think it was fate .
She graduated from Cornell vet school in 1997 and worked at tracks in the Northeast before moving to New Orleans .
" All my life I 've wanted to be around horse racing , " says Canady , a single mom with a 7 - year - old daughter .
" You have to be a dreamer to work at a track .
This is a dream for me . "
As she nears Heelbolt , he is facing away from her .
He 's calm , but she can see he 's standing on only three legs .
His left front ankle is dangling and shattered , attached only by skin .
Two arteries are split .
Blood is everywhere -- on his leg , his hoof , the grass .
Wow , this is a bad one .
Canady has seen this type of injury before , and she 's seen how horses react to it .
Some grunt and snort and thrash .
Others , seemingly unbothered , try to run .
But in her 12 years as a vet , she has never seen a critically injured horse do what Heelbolt is doing now .
Eating grass .
FOR HUNDREDS of years , there was no argument about the best way to kill a horse .
Those injured in the chariot races of ancient Greece and Rome were presumably stabbed .
With the introduction of the musket around the 15th century , and with European armies spreading firearms and horses all over the world , killing an injured horse with a gun became accepted practice .
It was quick , cheap and easy -- never mind that bullets often ricocheted out of the horse 's head or that men might make the mistake of shooting the animal between the eyes .
( A horse 's brain is located toward the back of the head .
To find it , draw a line from the outside of one eye to the opposite ear , then do the same from the other eye ; where the lines intersect is the brain . )
In 1930 , vets started using the Bell Gun , one of the first tools designed to kill livestock in a clean , safe , precise way .
It weighed five pounds , spit .32 - caliber bullets and had a bell - shape protective cover over its muzzle .
To use it , vets simply fit it onto a horse 's forehead , unscrewed a slot , inserted a bullet and tapped a lever .
No kickback and no mess , only a sharp pop from point - blank range .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
GATSBY'S PARTY
and dialogue .
I get it , I see that Nick is very impressed .
MEETING GATSBY
This is in conflict both with the book and the wasteland you 've already set up , so I think you might need to change everything .
Also , am I reading this right ?
Is Linkin Park playing in the background of a scene that already has different music playing ?
Should I assume there are two simultaneous soundtracks in this movie and that one of them is always Linkin Park ?
I can't imagine that working .
Also worried about MC Baha Men for a number of reasons .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
SUIT UP
It 's going to be tough to get fans of the book and representatives of the Fitzgerald estate behind the idea of putting robots in this movie .
And it 'll also be hard just getting your average , general audience - member behind the idea of introducing robots out of nowhere 40 minutes into what is either an apocalyptic party film or a romantic tale about obsession and class wars .
I 'm not doubting your abilities ( loved Transformers ) , I 'm just suggesting that you might want to either introduce the robots earlier and explain their presence , or not introduce them at all .
I 'm leaning towards the second one , but you 're the hottest director in town right now , so it 's your call I guess .
Why ?
Why does he call it that ?
It 's almost like you just scanned the book for words you thought were neat and added them into the screenplay .
Oh , actually , speaking of which , is there a screenplay we can take a look at , or do you just sort of only work in pictures and boom noises ?
And , this might be nitpicking , but " it was the best of times " is from
Anti-piracy group BREIN is well known in the BitTorrent community , having already managed to shut down hundreds of small sites .
The Dutch outfit is currently being sued by a group of Usenet enthusiasts after it called their site illegal .
Undeterred , it 's now flexing its muscles to get NZB sites closed down too .
Funded by the movie , music and gaming industries , BREIN has been a thorn in the side of BitTorrent sites for years .
More recently the outfit extended their activities to target sites frequented by Usenet users .
They labeled the Usenet community FTD as criminals , and are currently being sued for doing so .
On Torrent Freak we ’ve also had issues with BREIN after they labeled us a ‘ pirate weblog ’ and then used material from our site without proper attribution .
Our legal counsel had to jump in , in an attempt to stop their libelous writing and harassment of smaller website operators .
As expected , this did n’t have much effect , and BREIN continued their operations claiming a few dozen victories by shutting down smaller torrent communities .
They usually operate by sending emails to the site ’s admins or hosting providers claiming that their activities are illegal , ordering them to shut down or face legal action .
Besides torrent sites , BREIN is also targeting Usenet indexers , claiming that they assist in copyright infringement .
The NZB files found on many of these sites can be considered as Usenet ’s answer to . torrent files as they point to content hosted elsewhere .
They also make the otherwise - complicated Usenet downloading process relatively easy to master .
BREIN does not like the fact that NZBs bring Usenet to the mainstream and considers sites hosting those files to have the same function as torrent sites and is targeting them in much the same way .
One of the NZB sites threatened by BREIN is BNI - online .
The site received an ultimatum , with BREIN ordering them to stop their ‘ illegal ’ activities within 48 hours or be taken to court .
The site has responded to this request and ceased its operations .
Splendid , the site ’s founder explains that BREIN ’s threats are one of the reasons for closing down the site .
At this point we can not confirm that any other sites have closed after similar threats , but it would n’t be a surprise .
Every torrent or NZB site hosted in The Netherlands will be approached by the anti-piracy outfit sooner or later .
This week , BREIN will be in court with another Dutch based site , Mininova , and TorrentFreak will of course keep you updated on the outcome and progress in this trial .
Skip to comments .
Powell urges Republicans to broaden their appeal
Reuters ^ | 5/24/09 | Charles Abbott
Posted on by anniegetyourgun
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Republican Party needs to broaden its base rather than move farther to the political right to make gains against President Barack Obama 's Democrats , former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Sunday .
" Let 's debate the future of the party .
And let 's let all the segments of the party come in , " Powell , a Republican who served in President George W. Bush 's Cabinet but endorsed Obama last year , told CBS 's " Face the Nation . "
( Excerpt ) Read more at reuters.com ...
TOPICS :
Miscellaneous
News / Current Events
Politics / Elections
KEYWORDS :
bigtent
gop
outreach
powell
rino
rinoparty
To : anniegetyourgun
Powell can kiss my Lilly white A $ $
To : anniegetyourgun
The Repubs will greatly increase their appeal shortly after Colin P. becomes a dhimmicrat .
To : anniegetyourgun
I would urge Powell to renounce that he is a Republican and become that which he truly is : a liberal Democrat .
To : anniegetyourgun
As I recall this “ big tent ” idea was favored by Mr. Jack Kemp too ... maybe it ’s not such a good idea ...
To : anniegetyourgun
Powell wants EVERYONE on the DEMOCRAT Plantation ..... including Republicans .
Such is racism .
by 6 posted onby goodnesswins ( WE have a REPUBLIC ..... IF we can KEEP IT !!!)
To : anniegetyourgun
I agree .
Dump the moderates and liberals , go after the Reagan Democrats and Independents .
To : cranked
Powell is persona non gratis as far as I ’m concerned .
He got one war partly right .
by 8 posted onby madameguinot ( Our Father 's God to Thee , Author of Liberty )
To : Free Vulcan
Well , after all .... Powell was put in charge of the GOP last week , right ?
To : anniegetyourgun
We do n’t need more broad broads like Meghan McCain .
by 10 posted onby smokingfrog ( Do n't mess with the mockingbird !
/\/\ http://tiny.cc/freepthis)
To : anniegetyourgun
My List of the Top Five Most Annoying People ...
McCain
Powell
Obama
Pelosi
Reid I expect Obama , Pelose , and Reid to do what Democrats , Communists , Socialists , and Fascists do .
I do n’t expect my party members to join them in their attempts to destroy the ability of Conservatives to participate in the political debate and or the act of governing .
by 11 posted onby DoughtyOne ( Obama is mentally a child of ten .
Just remember that when he makes statements and issues policy . )
To : anniegetyourgun
I am getting so sick of these people that keep telling us what to do .
We are fine .
by 12 posted onby freekitty ( Give me back my conservative vote . )
To : al baby
Powell can kiss my Lilly white A$ $
He 's already doing it - they 're just D@mocrat ' Lilly white A$ $es ' ... ;>)
To : anniegetyourgun
Traitor .
by 14 posted onby Dallas59 ( " You know the one with the big ears ?
He might be yours , but he ain't my president . " )
To : anniegetyourgun
Powell who ?
Did n’t he used to be a general or something ?
Who cares what he says ?
Nobody wants his advice .
by 15 posted onby mamelukesabre ( Si Vis Pacem Para Bellum ( If you want peace prepare for war ) )
To : anniegetyourgun
Powell would have us be liberals .
He is a Rockefeller Republican , we need to drum Powell out of the party .
by 16 posted onby ColdSteelTalon ( Light is fading to shadow , and casting its shroud over all we have known ... )
To : Ken522
I see a difference between what Powell and Kemp say .
I agree with Kemp .
We welcome everyone under the tent but that does n't mean that any of us change what we believe or want .
Powell wants us to change what we believe .
Ain't gonna happen , Colin .
Why does he think we 're going to believe an Obama voter ?
He 's you - know - what in his nest .
To : anniegetyourgun
POWELL / ROMNEY 2012 Powell , Romney , Brutus , Specter , Benedict Arnold
by 18 posted onby Diogenesis ( Igitur qui desiderat pacem , praeparet bellum )
To : anniegetyourgun
“ ... said Powell , who served in Bush ’s cabinet until he was discovered to be a leftie ... and who voted for Obama . ”
Yeh , let ’s be sure to take his advice .
by 19 posted onby bboop ( obama , little o , not a Real God )
To : anniegetyourgun
Love your enemies ... but do n’t take advice from them !
Buh bye Colon
by 20 posted onby VoiceOfBruck ( Is it too late to take the blue pill ? )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Manchester United have confirmed that Carlos Tevez is to leave Old Trafford , leaving the way open for Manchester City to attempt to take the striker to Eastlands .
The United chief executive David Gill had been in discussions with Tevez 's advisor Kia Joorabchian , with the aim of keeping the popular Argentina player .
But , despite the offer of a lucrative five - year contract that would have made Tevez one of the highest paid players at the club , the South American has decided to leave .
" Following contact received from Carlos Tevez 's advisers last night , in advance of the deadline the club set for concluding negotiations , Manchester United announces that Carlos will not be signing a new contract with the club , " said a statement released by United this morning .
" The club agreed to pay the option price of £ 25.5 m and offered Carlos a five - year contract which would have made him one of its highest - paid players .
" Disappointingly , however , his advisers informed the club that , despite the success he has enjoyed during one of the club 's most successful periods , he does not wish to continue playing for Manchester United .
The club would like to thank Carlos for his services over the last two seasons and wishes him good luck for the future . "
Manchester City , Liverpool and Chelsea have all been linked with the striker , with City thought to be at the front of the queue .
As the Eastlands club are on the verge of confirming Roque Santa Cruz 's £ 16.5 m arrival from Blackburn , it would represent a major statement of intent for a club also hoping to tie up the signing of the Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o .
The news will be greeted with dismay by United fans , who have warmed to Tevez 's all - action style during a two - year " loan " spell that has included successive Premier League titles and the Champions League in 2008 .
They had hoped some of the £ 80 m about to be pocketed from Real Madrid for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo would be used to keep Tevez .
However , after declaring earlier this season he was deeply unhappy at a perceived lack of match action – even though he made more appearances than either Wayne Rooney or Dimitar Berbatov , it was always likely the South American would move on .
It leaves Sir Alex Ferguson with a major rebuilding job to do in attack given he is still to secure a replacement for Ronaldo .
The youngsters Federico Macheda and Danny Welbeck impressed last term and may be expected to have more involvement as United chase an unprecedented fourth successive title .
But Ferguson needs experience as well to compliment Rooney and Berbatov , who endured a patchy debut season at Old Trafford following his club - record £ 30.75 m arrival from Tottenham .
Karim Benzema and Franck Ribéry have both been spoken of as potential targets , although there is no guarantee either will come .
And while Antonio Valencia's £ 18 m arrival from Wigan should eventually go through , his lack of goalscoring prowess is a worry .
With Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes , Gary Neville and Edwin van der
Sar about to embark on what many think will be their final seasons in top - flight football and memories of a comprehensive Champions League final defeat to Barcelona last month still fresh , Ferguson clearly has some unwanted headaches seven weeks ahead of the opening Premier League game against Birmingham .
Gravity is the weakest force in the everyday world yet it is the strongest force in the Universe .
It was the first force to be recognised and described yet it is the least understood .
It is a ‘ force ’ that keeps your feet on the ground yet no such force …
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Accused terrorists held at Guantanamo Bay complained of abuse that they said led them to tell their CIA interrogators lies , according to sections of U.S. government transcripts made public on Monday .
A detainee walks at Camp 4 detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in May .
Suspected al Qaeda figure Abu Zubaydah told a military tribunal in 2007 that he was physically and mentally tortured for months .
" They did not care about my injuries , " said Zubaydah , according to the newly released transcripts , adding , " doctors told me that I nearly died four times . "
When Zubaydah was captured in Pakistan and badly wounded during a shootout in March 2002 , U.S. intelligence officials considered him a major player in al Qaeda .
He was treated for his injuries , then later subjected to waterboarding and other harsh interrogation techniques after CIA interrogators said he stopped cooperating with them .
According to a Justice Department memo released in April 2009 by the Obama administration , Zubaydah was waterboarded at least 83 times by CIA interrogators in August 2002 .
See timeline of events »
In the newly released section , Zubaydah said his interrogators discovered " that I am not number three in al Qaeda . "
The transcripts were released in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union .
The Obama administration reviewed the highly redacted portions of the transcripts that were released shortly after the Combatant Status Review Tribunals were held at Guantanamo Bay in the spring of 2007 .
The sections made public on Monday still remain heavily blacked out .
See key players in interrogation policy »
Khalid Sheik Mohammad , the self - proclaimed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , told the military panel he made up stories when tortured .
In broken English , Mohammad told of being questioned about the location of Osama bin Laden .
" Where is he ?
I do n't know , " said Mohammad .
" Then he tortures me .
Then I said yes , he is in this area ... "
Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , accused of plotting the attack on the USS Cole that killed 17 Americans in 2000 , said his interrogators " drown me in water , " apparently in reference to the times he was subjected to waterboarding .
According to the transcripts , he claimed he was able to run 10 kilometers ( 6.2 miles ) before he was detained , " now , I can not walk more than 10 minutes . "
ACLU Attorney Ben Wizner said in a statement that the documents " provide further evidence of brutal torture and abuse in the CIA 's interrogation program and demonstrate beyond doubt that this information has been suppressed solely to avoid embarrassment and growing demands for accountability . "
Wizner said the ACLU will go back to court to seek the full release of all of the documents .
CNN 's Carol Cratty , Mike Ahlers and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .
All About Guantanamo Bay • Central Intelligence Agency • Al Qaeda • Khalid Shaikh Mohammed • Abu Zubaydah • American Civil Liberties Union • USS Cole
How do you find a new search engine if all you know is Google ?
Typing " search engine " into the usual box might lead you to Microsoft 's newly launched Bing , the combined search at Dogpile , or the former king of search , Altavista .
But for those willing to dig around , searching for search engines can reveal a treasure trove :
The net is rich with specialized search services , all trying to find a way to get their slice of the billions of dollars Google makes every year answering queries .
For this article , we surveyed some 50 specialty search services and picked out our favorites .
What follows is not a systematic ranking or review , but a general guide to a very vibrant world that few have bothered to explore in depth .
The variety of search startups is mind - boggling , and hints at the challenges Google may face staying on the bleeding edge of search innovation in the coming years .
( There 's even something for micro- philanthropists : Good Search donates a penny to the charity of your choice for each search you run . )
None of the sites we sampled are likely to replace Google as your go - to search engine for general queries , or dent Google 's growing sway as the world 's information broker any time soon .
But even a cursory tour will make you start to think differently about what 's possible in search , and show up some of Google 's shortcomings .
Take mobile .
Google works fine on the iPhone , but for quick searches on the go , ChaCha can't be beat .
Simply text your question to 242242 and you 'll get an answer sent back to you .
In the age of Twitter , there 's fierce competition to be the quickest indexer on the net – a feature even Google co-founder Sergey Brin admits his company can improve upon .
IceRocket , OneRiot and Scoopler are typical of the trend .
The smartest one we found is Collecta .
It scours the net for the most recent blog posts , news stories , tweets and comments and displays them in a continuous waterfall .
It 's a torrent of information to keep track of , but if you are worried about your company 's online reputation or want the latest news on Iran , it 's indispensable .
Keeping tabs on local news and events is n't easy – even in the days of news aggregators .
Enter Trackle .
Think of it as a standing search engine that will notify you of news and events you want to know about .
Want to follow stocks , know the weather , find news about your neighborhood , buy a treadmill on Craigslist , follow the big game while at work or find deals on specific products ?
Trackle searches constantly for you and sends you emails or text messages ( your choice ) when Apple stock falls or your team scores a run .
The interface is clunky , but the idea of a search robot beats the hell out of an RSS feed any day .
Want to learn about a general topic such as the Iranian revolution or paella ?
Try Kosmix.com , which relies on services around the web – like Wikipedia and Flickr – to compile web pages stocked with useful and relevant information .
Some of the most interesting search engines we found are those that focus on a narrow niche and deliver in - depth targeted results on very narrow topics .
Familiar examples are travel sites like Orbitz and Kayak , which search multiple databases to find cheap airfares and hotel rooms .
Newcomer Voyij is a travel sale search engine that looks exclusively for deals departing from your home city .
The site 's focus is more on people ready for an adventure than on business travelers looking for a cheap ticket .
The top return on a recent search for Chicago vacation packages was $ 193 per person for a two - night trip to Bloomington , Minnesota , staying at the the Ramada at the Mall for America .
If a mall with a waterpark is n't your thing , you can shell out about $ 25 a piece more for a trip to Minneapolis where you 'll stay at the Millennium Hotel .
( Yelp to see if it 's any good ) .
Do n't even have the scratch for trips at those prices ?
Try Indeed.com , a meta - search engine for job hunters .
When you get to the interview , fire up Parkingspots.com to find the best place to put your car .
Want to see a concert to celebrate your new job ?
Pick up a ticket using meta- search eningesFanSnap.com or ZebraTickets.com .
Some search innovators are tackling interface design to help take some of the guesswork out of search links .
If you 're looking for something visual – say Michael Jackson moon walking – try Searchme.com , which shows entire web pages in its results as if they were album art in iTunes .
For music , try Fizy.com or head to video search engine Blinkx.com to navigate your way to streaming songs you can't find anywhere else .
When it comes to modern web searching algorithms rule the roost , and attempts to improve results with an assist from the people who use them have generally failed .
Google 's search wiki feature has not gained much traction and Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales 's human - powered search engine went out of business .
But that 's not stopped a handful of companies from trying to one - up Google by inserting a human element into search .
Scour , a customizable meta search that let you choose which of the Big Three 's ( Google , Microsoft and Yahoo ) search results should be favored , and lets you mark sites as spam and add comments .
Xmarks.com takes its popular bookmark synchronization browser plug - in and uses that data to overlay information on search results from the big search engines .
Hunch , the much - hyped site started by Flickr co-founder Caterina Fake , does n't want to be a search engine at all .
Like Microsoft 's Bing , Hunch is supposed to be a " decision engine " that cuts through the deluge of web data to give answers .
You tell it a bit about yourself ( such as a favorite historical figure ) and it will try to help you decide whether to get a 50 lb mutt or a pedigree , designer Puggle .
It 's entertaining , but so far its suggestions are n't impressive .
Supernaturalrecipes.com and foodblogsearch.com are cooking search engines that cut through unfiltered recipe search results with handpicked sites delivered through a custom Google search engine .
Both have good result if you are looking for a good gnocchi recipe or if you need a recipe to take care of all that basil and couscous in your house .
Then there are search engines that mean business .
Take Spyfu.com , for example .
This little secret agent focuses on Google 's AdWords program and will tell you what keywords your competitors bid on , how much they pay per click and what the search volume is for various search terms .
It feels illegal and is totally fascinating .
Check out how much GM used to spend on little text ads before its recent crash .
For serious advertisers , there 's a premium version too .
Panjiva tracks overseas factories and their U.S. customers by indexing publicly available customs data .
It 's a great way to keep track of where your competition is getting their products made and by whom .
But more importantly , it 's an amazing demo of what can be done with open government data , and one should expect to see more examples like it , now that the feds have committed to sharing raw data with the nation via Data.gov .
Then , of course , there is Wolfram| Alpha , the net 's algorithimic genius that the tech press is agog over .
It can tell you the relative humidity of the city you were born in on the day you were born , and it does calculus , too .
But it 's not a search engine .
Got your own favorite that we missed ?
Drop us a note in the comments .
*
Update :
This story was updated to include Wolfram| Alpha , which was left out due to an editing error . *
See Also :
Our annualWeek of Hateis slowly grinding to a close , but we 're not quite finished with it yet .
No , before we let go , we ’re going to fire one last parting shot across the bow of every console on the market .
Actually , we ’re going to fire 60 of them .
See , as much as we love games and the systems we play them on , the fact remains that no console ( or PC ) is perfect .
In fact , every last one of them has a wealth of glaring flaws that deserve to be dragged out into the light and enthusiastically yelled at .
Above : A perfectly sane and rational individual
Enough chatter .
Bring on the hatred !
Noisy DVD drive :
Got a surround - sound system and no neighbors ?
Great , maybe then you can drown out some of the roars and hisses emitted by the fan and drive motors of earlier 360 models , which were presumably fine - tuned in a vast subterranean wind tunnel by deaf engineers .
Advergaming : Disguising ads as games is a novel way for companies to get their message to customers , and if the games themselves are free ( or at least really cheap ) and actually fun , then we do n’t mind so much .
But for every passable Doritos Dash of Destruction , there ’s an awful Burger King Big Bumpin ’ and a seemingly endless supply of creepy , creepy Sneak Kings .
Above :
So that 's where they live
It might be easy to ignore them , but the fact that crappy advergames even exist is puzzling ; why would any advertiser want gamers to associate their product with a lousy game ?
The Yaris game , for example , probably did more damage to gamers ’ perception of the car than it did to raise their awareness of it .
The lesson here is clear : insult our intelligence with crappy games , and the thought of whatever you ’re trying to sell will leave a bad taste in our mouths .
Above : PLEASE BUY OUR CAR NOW
Shitty d-pad : Tried playing Street Fighter IV lately ?
Yeah , so have we .
Unfortunately we have n’t had much success , because the default controller ’s mushy d-pad keeps turning our shoryukens into standing punches , our flash kicks into feeble jumps and all of our online opponents into Ken . *
* OK so maybe not that last one .
DRM for XBLA games :
If you ’re one of the unfortunate thousands who ’ve watched a 360 red-ring and sent it back to Microsoft for repairs , you might have noticed some problems when you tried to play the games you paid to download .
Microsoft releaseda fixfor the problem last year , but the fact that there are additional hoops to jump through even after you ’ve gone through the trauma of a red-ring incident is more than a little infuriating .
Microsoft pays for platform exclusives :
Are you wondering when the PS3 version of Grand Theft Auto IV is going to get its own exclusive , downloadable episodes ?
Then you should probably pay more attention to the industry , because that ’s not going to happen anytime soon .
In a bid to become the definitive platform on which to play GTA , Microsoft floated Rockstar Games $ 50 million to produce add - on content exclusively for the 360 .
The Lost and Damned is the first of several planned episodes to come out of that agreement .
Above : A taste of what $ 50 million can buy a console
It ’s not limited to GTA IV , either , as Microsoft established early on that it was willing to pay developers for 360 - exclusive games and add - on content .
How despicable is it ?
That depends on whether you think of it as Microsoft paying developers to create new things , or as Microsoft paying developers to not create new things for the competition .
Either way , Microsoft ’s making an effort to keep games out of the hands of those who did n’t buy its system , and that ’s not cool .
No Achievements in community games :
There ’s a very good chance that some of you are completely unaware of the Xbox Live Community Games service , which enables independent developers to upload and distribute their games through Live .
There are numerous catches , of course , one of which is that the developers ca n’t add Achievement points to anything they create .
Above :
It 's fun , but will Achievement whores ever play it ?
While it ’s understandable that Microsoftwould think some “ developers ” would immediately abuse the system and go nuts inflating gamerscores , there are a lot of great Community games that are being completely ignored just because Achievement whores do n’t think they ’re worth the time or money .
You ’d think it ’d be worth it if a modest 50 or so points could convince more people to buy games like CarneyVale Showtime , but Microsoft apparently disagrees .
Noisy DVD drive :
Got a surround - sound system and no neighbors ?
Great , maybe then you can drown out some of the roars and hisses emitted by the fan and drive motors of earlier 360 models , which were presumably fine - tuned in a vast subterranean wind tunnel by deaf engineers .
Advergaming : Disguising ads as games is a novel way for companies to get their message to customers , and if the games themselves are free ( or at least really cheap ) and actually fun , then we do n’t mind so much .
But for every passable Doritos Dash of Destruction , there ’s an awful Burger King Big Bumpin ’ and a seemingly endless supply of creepy , creepy Sneak Kings .
Above :
So that 's where they live
It might be easy to ignore them , but the fact that crappy advergames even exist is puzzling ; why would any advertiser want gamers to associate their product with a lousy game ?
The Yaris game , for example , probably did more damage to gamers ’ perception of the car than it did to raise their awareness of it .
The lesson here is clear : insult our intelligence with crappy games , and the thought of whatever you ’re trying to sell will leave a bad taste in our mouths .
Above : PLEASE BUY OUR CAR NOW
Shitty d-pad : Tried playing Street Fighter IV lately ?
Yeah , so have we .
Unfortunately we have n’t had much success , because the default controller ’s mushy d-pad keeps turning our shoryukens into standing punches , our flash kicks into feeble jumps and all of our online opponents into Ken . *
* OK so maybe not that last one .
DRM for XBLA games :
If you ’re one of the unfortunate thousands who ’ve watched a 360 red-ring and sent it back to Microsoft for repairs , you might have noticed some problems when you tried to play the games you paid to download .
Microsoft releaseda fixfor the problem last year , but the fact that there are additional hoops to jump through even after you ’ve gone through the trauma of a red-ring incident is more than a little infuriating .
Microsoft pays for platform exclusives :
Are you wondering when the PS3 version of Grand Theft Auto IV is going to get its own exclusive , downloadable episodes ?
Then you should probably pay more attention to the industry , because that ’s not going to happen anytime soon .
In a bid to become the definitive platform on which to play GTA , Microsoft floated Rockstar Games $ 50 million to produce add - on content exclusively for the 360 .
The Lost and Damned is the first of several planned episodes to come out of that agreement .
Above : A taste of what $ 50 million can buy a console
It ’s not limited to GTA IV , either , as Microsoft established early on that it was willing to pay developers for 360 - exclusive games and add - on content .
How despicable is it ?
That depends on whether you think of it as Microsoft paying developers to create new things , or as Microsoft paying developers to not create new things for the competition .
Either way , Microsoft ’s making an effort to keep games out of the hands of those who did n’t buy its system , and that ’s not cool .
No Achievements in community games :
There ’s a very good chance that some of you are completely unaware of the Xbox Live Community Games service , which enables independent developers to upload and distribute their games through Live .
There are numerous catches , of course , one of which is that the developers ca n’t add Achievement points to anything they create .
Above :
It 's fun , but will Achievement whores ever play it ?
While it ’s understandable that Microsoftwould think some “ developers ” would immediately abuse the system and go nuts inflating gamerscores , there are a lot of great Community games that are being completely ignored just because Achievement whores do n’t think they ’re worth the time or money .
You ’d think it ’d be worth it if a modest 50 or so points could convince more people to buy games like CarneyVale Showtime , but Microsoft apparently disagrees .
Denying Israel 's right to exist is no basis for a settlement
NOT everybody got the message in Barack Obama 's Cairo speech , that Middle East peace requires compromise .
The Israelis did , demonstrated by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech on Sunday proposing a new peace process .
In return for accepting Israel as a Jewish nation he offered the Palestinians a two - state solution .
But Israel 's opponents are not having any of it .
The Palestinian Authority says Mr Netanyahu 's speech " torpedoed " peace initiatives .
This was a pointless , posturing response which reflects the mentality of those members of the Palestinian political elite who prefer nihilism to negotiation and are happier denouncing Israel than dealing with it .
And it reflects the mindset of those who want Israel treated as a pariah and who attempt to intimidate any individual or organisation that accepts the Jewish state 's right to exist .
It is a mindset that shapes the belief that Israel is an enemy to be destroyed , held in the Hezbollah terrorist training camps in the south of Lebanon , the Fatah government offices on the West Bank and in the Hamas arsenals of the Gaza Strip .
And it is a mindset which permeates perceptions of Israel adhered to by people all over the world who want the Jewish state gone .
Including people in Australia who abhor The Australian 's commitment to the survival of the state of Israel .
On Saturday this newspaper published an editorial supporting Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's plan to visit Israel as an opportunity to express Australia 's support for a two - state solution .
This outraged members of pro-Palestinian groups who responded with emails that less debated the newspaper 's position than demanded it change .
It did n't work .
The Australian is pleased to publish well - argued opinion pieces and letters from all sides of the Middle East debate that are temperate in tone .
But it has not , does not and will not , ever surrender to intellectual intimidation .
The sheer venom of Israel 's enemies this reflects demonstrates how hard it will be for President Obama to broker a deal .
Israel wants peace , albeit not at any price .
Mr Netanyahu will only accept a deal which acknowledges the country as a Jewish state and which ensures its security against terror attack , outright invasion or obliteration by Iran , where the re-elected Ahmadinejad regime makes no secret of its nuclear ambitions .
And Mr Netanyahu will only accept a peace he can sell to an electorate in no mood for surrender after Hamas used Israel 's unilateral withdrawal from Gaza in 2006 to create a new base for terror attacks .
And there is no doubting the Israeli Prime Minister will bargain hard on all sorts of issues - from the exchange of land for settlements Israel should give up on the West Bank to the strength of Palestinian police force .
But he is prepared to bargain , just as Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin was in Oslo in 1993 , just as his successor Ehud Barak was at Camp David in 2000 .
On both occasions Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat backed away from a two - state solution , but in talking at all he did more than his heirs in the Palestinian factions appear prepared to do now .
In rejecting Mr Netanyahu 's proposal , the Palestinian leadership is betraying its people who need a permanent peace and functioning economy .
Perhaps this is an opening gambit - or perhaps it reflects a permanent Palestinian orthodoxy , baldly stated in the Hamas Charter that Israel should not exist .
Whichever it is The Australian will continue to publish news and opinions , regardless of who we offend .
Source : The Australian
A fun little bug
About two months ago , I quietly wrote and released a little Django application which generates cross -domain policy files for Flash ( if you ’ve never encountered this aspect of Flash , here ’s an introductory article on how it works ) .
I ’ve done a bit of hacking on it in my spare time , and I ’m pretty happy with it as an example of a simple , tightly - focused application ; sometime soon I hope to write a bit more about the development process behind it , because it provides a useful real - world guide to some of the abstract best practices I like to preach about .
But for now I just want to talk about an interesting little bug I recently uncovered in its test suite .
I ’ve been working over the past few months to get into better habits when it comes to unit - testing applications I distribute , and so naturally I did my best to give this app a solid test suite .
And to help with actual quantitative measurement I ’ve been using Ned Batchelder ’s coverage .py to get nice reports of how much of my application code is actually being tested .
I ’m proud to say that as of version 1.3 ( released recently ) , my little app for generating cross - domain policies has 100 % test coverage .
The report for the current tip of the repository looks like this :
Name Stmts Exec Cover Missing
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
/Users/jbennett/dev/hg/personal/django-flashpolicies/flashpolicies/__init__
1 1 100 % / Users/jbennett/dev/hg/personal/django-flashpolicies/flashpolicies/models
1 1 100 % / Users/jbennett/dev/hg/personal/django-flashpolicies/flashpolicies/policies
54 54 100 % / Users/jbennett/dev/hg/personal/django-flashpolicies/flashpolicies/views
14 14 100 % -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL 70 70 100 %
But it did n’t always look that nice .
The line that would n’t run
I first took coverage .py for a spin on this codebase a few days ago , and it reported that there was one line in flashpolicies .
policies which was n’t being executed during testing runs .
And I had no idea why .
The line in question was simple enough ; it was meant to raise a TypeError if a particular method was called with an invalid argument .
I had a test which was supposed to be exercising this behavior .
So I was a bit stumped .
The first thing I tried , of course , was running just that single test method to ensure that it really was executing and really was passing .
And , sure enough , the test runner spat back that it ran one test , successfully .
Then I upgraded my copy of coverage .
py —
Ned had just released a new version — and tried again , just in case there was some sort of bug in the coverage calculations .
No dice : it still reported that one line was n’t executing .
So , in desperation , I opened up the test suite and changed it : instead of asserting a TypeError would be raised , I had it assert a ValueError .
If the application code was working properly , this would make the test fail ( since it would still be raising TypeError ) .
I saved the change , ran the test again , and was surprised to see that the test was n’t failing ; instead it was dying with an error in the test suite itself :
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " / Users/jbennett/dev/hg/personal/django-flashpolicies/flashpolicies/tests/policies.py " , line 120 , in test_bad_site_control self .
assertRaises ( ValueError , policy .
site_control , ' not - valid ' ) File " /opt/local/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/2.6/lib/python2.6/unittest.py " , line 336 , in failUnlessRaises callableObj ( * args , ** kwargs ) TypeError : ' NoneType ' object is not callable
After staring at this for a bit , I had an “ ah - ha ! ” moment .
Down the rabbit hole
Flash cross-domain policies are XML files .
And generating and manipulating XML can be somewhat tricky , so for my application I implemented a class which represents a policy and exposes methods for setting the various options .
Once you ’re happy with them , you can hit a property which generates a standard Python xml.dom.minidom .
Document object you can serialize and either write to a file or serve directly ( which is what the views in the application do ) .
One of the options controls the types of policies which will be allowed for a particular domain , and is represented in the XML as an element called site - control .
So I ’d written a method on my Policy class called site_control ( ) and added unit tests for it .
Except then I decided to change things up a bit ; in the cross - domain policy specification , this option is referred to as a “ meta - policy ” , and so I decided to change the name of the method to metapolicy ( ) to match .
And here I made the first half of the key mistake , because I did n’t change the method name in the test suite ; it was still looking to call a method named site_control ( ) .
But the test still passed , and so I did n’t notice the problem until coverage .
py complained that a line in that method was n’t executing during test runs .
Figuring out why the test still passed required a bit more thinking .
In theory it should have begun failing immediately , since there was no longer a method named site_control ( ) , and so any attempt to access it at all should have raised an AttributeError .
But after a few moments I noticed the other half of my mistake : I needed to store the metapolicy information somewhere for use in generating the XML , and so I ’d put an attribute on the Policy class named … site_control .
Which initializes to a value of None when a new Policy is instantiated .
At this point I had a complete picture of what was happening :
The test was attempting to call the site_control ( ) method with an invalid argument , and expecting a TypeError .
There was no longer a method of that name , which would normally raise AttributeError , but There was an attribute of that name , which — at that point in the test run — had a value of None , and so The test was getting the value of that attribute and attempting to call it .
But None is n’t callable in Python , and in Python trying to call a non-callable object raises TypeError .
So the test — by getting the wrong thing from the class — was seeing the TypeError it had been told to expect , and so was passing .
And , of course , as soon as I changed the exception type in the test to try to debug the problem , I started seeing the real problem : instead of a TypeError raised as expected from inside the application code , a TypeError was being raised in the test suite because the thing I ’d told it to call was n’t callable .
Post - mortem
As soon as I understood what was going wrong , I made the appropriate change to the test suite , ran it again and got back a much nicer report from coverage .py .
And now I ’ve learned my lesson about making changes to code and forgetting to make corresponding changes in the test suite .
Of course , I ’m sure that as soon as I publish this post I ’ll get some predictable responses :
Hard - core TDD people will say I ’ve still got it backwards , and that I should make the changes to the tests first , confirm they fail , and then make the changes to the code to get the tests passing again .
They may be right in this case , but I ’m still a bit skeptical of some of the methodology of TDD ( this article makes some good points about it , if you ’re interested ) .
people will say I ’ve still got it backwards , and that I should make the changes to the tests first , confirm they fail , and then make the changes to the code to get the tests passing again .
They may be right in this case , but I ’m still a bit skeptical of some of the methodology of ( this article makes some good points about it , if you ’re interested ) .
Fans of static type systems will point out that a “ proper ” type system would ’ve caught this at compile time before I ’d even had a chance to run the tests .
They may also be right in this case , but frankly I can count the number of genuine type errors I ’ve run into in the past few years on one hand ; that ’s not really enough , in my mind , to justify the overhead of most statically - typed languages ( yes , I said “ most ” : Haskell people , you can sit back down now , and come back when your documentation does n’t sound quite so much like Star Trek technobabble ) .
So hopefully we can simply take those responses as given , and avoid having a big flamewar over TDD and / or type systems , because really the only thing I wanted to talk about here was an interesting bug and the process of tracking it down .
If you ’ve got similar fun stories , feel free to share them in the comments .
Nagios Network Monitoring System Tutorials and Helpful Resources
Nagios Installation
Nagios Configuration
Nagios Web Front-end , Web interface or GUI Tools
Nagios 2.5 and Oreon 1.3 ( Nagios web frontend ) installation with Screenshots
Nagios and Oreon ( Nagios web front - end ) installation
Nagios Plugins Resources available for Download
Configure nagios Plugins or Commands
More to come ....
Seoul , South Korea
It is very useful to come to Asia to be reminded about America ’s standing in the world these days .
For all the talk in recent years about America ’s inevitable decline , all eyes are not now on Tokyo , Beijing , Brussels or Moscow  nor on any other pretenders to the world heavyweight crown .
All eyes are on Washington to pull the world out of its economic tailspin .
At no time in the last 50 years have we ever felt weaker , and at no time in the last 50 years has the world ever seen us as more important .
While it is true that since the end of the cold war global leaders and intellectuals often complained about a world of too much American power , one does n’t hear much of that grumbling today when most people recognize that only an economically revitalized America has the power to prevent the world economy from going into a global depression .
It was always easy to complain about a world of too much American power as long as you did n’t have to live in a world of too little American power .
And right now , that is the danger : a world of too little American power .
Somewhere in the back of their minds , a lot of people seem to be realizing that the alternative to a U.S. - dominated world is not a world dominated by someone else or someone better .
It is a leaderless world .
Neither Russia nor China has the will or the way to provide the global public goods that America  at its best  consistently has .
The European Union right now is so split that it cannot even agree on an effective stimulus package .
No wonder then that even though this economic crisis began in America , with American bad borrowing and bad lending practices , people have nevertheless fled to the U.S. dollar .
Case in point : South Korea ’s currency has lost roughly 40 percent against the dollar in just the last six months .
The savage drug war in Mexico .
Crumbling state budgets .
Weariness with current drug policy .
The election of a president who said , “ Yes — I inhaled . ”
These developments and others are kindling unprecedented optimism among the many Americans who want to see marijuana legalized .
Doing so , they contend to an ever - more - receptive audience , could weaken the Mexican cartels now profiting from U.S. pot sales , save billions in law enforcement costs , and generate billions more in tax revenue from one of the nation ’s biggest cash crops .
Said a veteran of the movement , Ethan Nadelmann of the Drug Policy Alliance : “ This is the first time I feel like the wind is at my back and not in my face . ”
Foes of legalization argue that already - rampant pot use by adolescents would worsen if adults could smoke at will .
Even the most hopeful marijuana activists doubt nationwide decriminalization is imminent , but they see the debate evolving dramatically and anticipate fast - paced change on the state level .
“ For the most part , what we ’ve seen over the past 20 years has been incremental , ” said Norm Stamper , a former Seattle police chief now active with Law Enforcement Against Prohibition .
“ What we ’ve seen in the past six months is an explosion of activity , fresh thinking , bold statements and penetrating questions . ”
Some examples :
– Numerous prominent political leaders , including California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Mexican presidents , have suggested it is time for open debate on legalization .
– Lawmakers in at least three states are considering joining the 13 states that have legalized pot for medical purposes .
Massachusetts voters last fall decided to decriminalize possession of an ounce or less of pot ; there are now a dozen states that have taken such steps .
– In Congress , Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D - Ohio , and Sen. Jim Webb , D - Va. , are among several lawmakers contending that marijuana decriminalization should be studied in re-examining what they deem to be failed U.S. drug policy .
“ Nothing should be off the table , ” Webb said .
– National polls show close to half of American adults are now open to legalizing pot — a constituency encompassing today ’s college students and the 60 - something baby boomers who popularized the drug in their own youth .
In California last month , a statewide Field Poll for the first time found 56 percent of voters supporting legalization .
That poll pleased California Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , a San Francisco Democrat who introduced a bill in February to legalize marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol — taxing sales to adults while barring possession by anyone under 21 .
Ammiano hopes for a vote by early next year and contends the bill would generate up to $ 1.3 billion in revenue for his deficit - plagued state .
Ammiano , 67 , said he has been heartened by cross-generational and bipartisan support .
“ People who initially were very skeptical — as the polls come in , as the budget situation gets worse — are having a second look , ” he said .
“ Maybe these issues that have been treated as wedge issues are n’t anymore .
People know the drug war has failed . ”
A new tone on drug reform also has sounded more frequently in Congress .
At a House hearing last month , Rep. Steve Cohen , D - Tenn. , challenged FBI Director Robert Mueller when Mueller spoke of parents losing their lives to drugs .
“ Name me a couple of parents who have lost their lives to marijuana , ” Cohen said .
“ Can’t , ” Mueller replied .
“ Exactly .
You can ’t , because that has n’t happened , ” Cohen said .
“ Is there some time we ’re going to see that we ought to prioritize meth , crack , cocaine and heroin , and deal with the drugs that the American culture is really being affected by ? ”
In a telephone interview , Kucinich noted that both Obama and former President Bill Clinton acknowledged trying marijuana .
“ Apparently that did n’t stop them from achieving their goals in life , ” Kucinich said .
“ We need to come at this from a point of science and research and not from mythologies or fears . ”
Gil Kerlikowske , chief of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , has not endorsed the idea of an all - options review of drug policy , but he has suggested scrapping the “ war on drugs ” label and placing more emphasis on treatment and prevention .
Attorney General Eric Holder has said federal authorities will no longer raid medical marijuana facilities in California .
Nonetheless , many opponents of pot legalization remain firm in their convictions .
“ We ’re opposed to legalization or decriminalization of marijuana .
We think it ’s the wrong message to send our youth , ” said Russell Laine , police chief in Algonquin , Ill. , and president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police .
Marijuana — though considered one of the least harmful illegal drugs — consumes a vast amount of time and money on the part of law enforcement , accounting for more than 40 percent of drug arrests nationally even though relatively few pot-only offenders go to prison .
According to estimates by Harvard University economist Jeffrey Miron , legalization of marijuana could save the country at least $ 7.7 billion in law enforcement costs and generate more than $ 6 billion in revenue if it were taxed like cigarettes and alcohol .
Pot usage is pervasive .
The latest federal survey indicates that more than 100 million Americans have tried it at some point and more than 14 million used it in the previous month .
Testifying recently before Congress , Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard said U.S. demand for pot is a key factor in the Mexican drug war .
“ The violence that we see in Mexico is fueled 65 percent to 70 percent by the trade in one drug : marijuana , ” he said .
“ I ’ve called for at least a rational discussion as to what our country can do to take the profit out of that . ”
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency remains on record against legalization and medical marijuana , which it contends has no scientific justification .
“ Legalization of marijuana , no matter how it begins , will come at the expense of our children and public safety , ” says a DEA document .
“ It will create dependency and treatment issues , and open the door to use of other drugs , impaired health , delinquent behavior , and drugged drivers . ”
The DEA also says marijuana is now at its most potent , in part because of refinements in cultivation .
Even in liberal Vermont , with the nation ’s highest rates of marijuana usage , many substance - abuse specialists are wary of legalization .
Annie Ramniceanu , clinical director at Spectrum Youth and Family Services in Burlington , Vt. , said her agency deals with scores of youths each year whose social development has been hurt by early and frequent pot smoking .
“ They do n’t deal with anything , ” she said .
“ They never learned how to have fun without smoking pot , never learned how to deal with conflict . ”
Legalization proponents acknowledge that pot use by adolescents is a major problem , but contend that decriminalizing and regulating the drug would improve matters by shifting efforts away from criminal gangs .
“ The notion that we have to keep something completely banned for adults to keep it away from kids does n’t hold up , ” said Bruce Mirken , communications director of the Marijuana Policy Project .
As for Obama , the activists do n’t expect him to embrace the cause at this point .
“ Obama ’s got two wars , an economic disaster .
We have to realize they ’re not going to put this on the front burner right now , ” said Allen St. Pierre , executive director of NORML , or the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
“ But every measurable metric out there is swinging our way . ”
On the Net :
Marijuana Policy Project : http://www.mpp.org
Drug Enforcement Agency : http://www.usdoj.gov/dea
– Article from the Associated Press .
26 Books Every Photographer Should Own
From Ansel Adams to Annie Leibovitz , your library is not complete without these books .
The adult film industry churns out an insane 12,000 titles a year - - a good portion of which are more offensive than fun .
To find what suits your taste , pick up ( $ 15 , amazon.com ) or ( $ 10.17 , amazon.com ) , both by Violet Blue .
OK , now for the recommendations .
Some are great for beginners , and some are great just because we think they 're fun .
Either way , we hope you enjoy :
The Opening of Misty Beethoven
It 's a classic : Pygmalion ( or My Fair Lady ) meets porn .
It 's full of song , dance , and sex .
Filmed on location in Italy and New York City , it features high production values , natural bodies , humor , and good acting .
$ 33 , amazon.com
American Desire
Starring star - turned - director Veronica Hart , this plot - driven film is great for first - timers .
The sex scenes are especially smoldering but watching the innocent housewife transform into a sex goddess is a storyline any kept woman can appreciate .
$ 11 , cduniverse.com
Love 's Passion
If you ’d rather see Veronica Hart behind the camera , this is the movie for you .
She directs this famous film and it ’s the most romantic of the bunch ( but do n’t worry , there ’s plenty of explicit sex ) .
It ’s a good pick for lovers who can appreciate emotional eroticism and enjoy watching engaging romantic encounters .
$ 19.95 , a - womans - touch.com
Pornstar Workout
How could we not recommend a movie that combines two of our favorite things ?
With a little bit of yoga , aerobics , pilates and , yes , sex , this music - video - inspired film will no doubt help you work up a sweat .
$ 24 , cduniverse.com
Grand Theft Orgy
No joke , it ’s a quirky twist on the popular video game series Grand Theft Auto .
But with 17 sex scenes , it ’s got something for everyone and the multiple locations ( night clubs , beaches ) keep it interesting .
Watch out , it ’s four hours long , but you can fast - forward to the scenes you like best .
$ 10.95 , adultDVDempire.com
This Ain't Star Trek XXX
If you ’d rather ease into your sexy adult film watching with a few laughs , this spin on the newly - released Star Trek movie is a good pick .
Captain Kirk , Spock , and the whole fleet is there , and the lavish costumes and sets are sure to please .
You might chuckle , but fantasies can be funny -- especially when they include intelligent beings from other planets who love to copulate .
$ 25.95 ( 2 - disk set ) , adultDVDempire.com
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
It 's official .
The Feds are pissed , too .
On Thursday , a federal judge did what many of us have wanted to do for a long time now .
He handed out restraining orders to two companies the Federal Trade Commission says have been calling you , me , all your friends , your 90 - year - old blind grandmother , and anyone else without enough sense to ignore unidentified phone calls .
" Today the FTC has disconnected the people responsible for so many of these annoying robocalls , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz in a press release .
" We expect to see a dramatic decrease in deceptive auto warranty calls , but we are still on high alert .
Voice Touch , Inc. and its partner Network Foundations LLC were ordered to immediately stop making phone calls that violate the Do Not Call Registry .
The Feds also ordered the companies ' assets frozen and appointed receivers over them to ensure all relevant documents are preserved for a May 29 hearing .
Transcontinental Warranty , Inc. , a client of Voice Touch , was also given a restraining order .
Does this mean those annoying calls will now stop ?
Most of them , probably .
Does it mean your car 's warranty really is n't about to expire ?
Judging by the number of new cars sold in the last two years , the end of your car 's coverage is probably long gone or very near .
Leave your number in the comments and someone will get with you soon to discuss your options .
( We 're kidding , obviously . ) [ Source : The Associated Press
Saturday , June 6 , 2009
Printer Sounds Revealing the Words Printed
German Heise writes ( my translation ) :
Combining automatic speech recognition and machine learning , Michael Backes – professor for cryptography and information security of Saarland university – and his research team were able to reconstruct nearly three quarters of texts printed with a needle printer by the printing sounds it made .
To do so , the researchers originally printed a dictionary , recording the printing sounds and associating words with their characteristic sound in a database .
The resulting program then aimed to analyze further sound recordings , filtering through the noise to automatically recognize the words .
70 % of the printed health records and bank account statements were successfully filtered – including PINs of bank accounts .
Heise goes on to report how the researches posed as patients , and – equipped with microphones – were able to spy & crack certain prescriptions printed in a doctor ’s office .
You can find out more about this project ( in English ) at the University ’s homepage .
Just last year , Backes and his team were able to show that it ’s possible to see what ’s on your monitor by looking at the monitor ’s reflection on things like a tea pot , coffee mug , or your glasses – from 10 meters away , using a special telescope .
[ Via Rainer . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Speaking of bold , unexpected strategies — Guadalajara defender Hector Reynoso has been banned from international competition because he spit and sneezed on opposing players and then told them he had swine flu .
The length of the ban will be determined over the course of the next three days , according to the South American governing body CSF , who informed Eurosport , " At around the 90th minute of the aforementioned game , Reynoso , following an incident in the game , reacted by spitting at Everton player Sebastian Penco and then releasing nasal secretions at the face of the player .
Advertisement
Ahh , the deadly but effective snot rocket .
My favorite part of the story is that Guadalajara players were upset because Everton ( from Chile ) players were taunting them for their pork diseases and because they were " publicly mocked by shoppers " when they were out on the town .
Look fellas — it 's sport .
Your opponents will always find something to mock you about ; whether it 's swine flu , your horrifically violent drug gangs , your comically large hats , or the way you individually wrap all of your cheese slices .
Hey , wait a second ...
Advertisement
Guadalajara Defender Hector Reynoso Banned For ' Trying ' To Pass On Swine Flu [ Goal.com ]
From WikiLeaks
June 10 , 2009
The Green Dam censorship / spy software is mandated to be installed on all Chinese personal computers sold as of July 1 , 2009 [ 1 ]
绿坝-花季护航软件技术分析
A Technical Analysis of the ' Green Dam - Youth Escort ' Software
协作组编 写 A collaborative work
2009 年6 月 June , 2009
目 的和功能 Objectives and functions
以工信部，教育部，财政部和国务院新闻办为 合作伙伴 ，绿坝目前有 家庭版 ， 厂商版 ， 渠道版 ， 网吧版 以及 校园版 （家庭版与校园版经校验后发现完全一致，没有发现有官员版）
。With the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology , Ministry of Education , Ministry of Finance and State Council Information Department as its partners , Greed Dam currently offers Family , Commercial , Organization , Internet Bar and Campus Editions . , Commercial , Organization , Internet Bar and Campus Editions .
公开宣称的功能 ： 针对10-16岁青少年，过滤色情图片、色情内容、暴力内容
潜在功能：过滤政治内容？ 过滤反审查软件（例如无界）？
Stated features :
To protect minors from age 10 - 16 through the filtering of pornographic and violent images and content .
Latent features :
To filter political content ?
To filter circumvention software ( such as Wujie ) ?
还有一个绿坝网络版， 在
There also exists a Network Edition of Green Dam , which can be downloaded
还有一个绿坝网络版， 在
http://www.zzjinhui.com/down/newServerCard.rar 可以下载
。There also exists a Network Edition of Green Dam , which can be downloaded here ( .rar ) .
适 用性 Applicability
虽然产品声明的目标是针对10-16岁青少年，但是产品的约定安装机器并没有选择性，产品缺省假设每台被安装的机器都是青少年使用。目前该产品只提供Windows 版本，对IE、Google Chrome（因为采用了系统的网络设置）有效，对Firefox 无效。软件屏蔽的不良信息包括时政类的不良信息，软件并非采用一般软件的安装方式，对Firefox无效，关闭浏览器及将网址加入黑名单无确认。在IE下 , 对明显属于时政类“ 不良信息 ” 的信息判断不稳定。对色情类 “ 不良信息 ” 的网页判断较准。换 成Firefox后，软件没反应。
Current versions only support Windows ; effective only when used in conjunction with Internet Explorer or Google Chrome , it has no effect when used with Firefox .
The harmful information screened by the software includes politically - related harmful information , and the software relies on non-conventional methods to install , also ineffective within Firefox , closing the browser and adding the website address onto a banned list without confirmation .
In Internet Explorer , the software 's ability to classify clearly political content as " harmful information " is unreliable ; for pornographic content , Green Dam is able to make relatively accurate assessments .
When used with Firefox , however , the software shows no response .
产品当前支持的兼容性列表 Compatibility list of currently supported projects
序号 项目 内容 备注 Sequence / Item / Content / Notes
操作系统 Operation Systems
1 Win98 兼容 不支持屏幕文字监 控 1 . Windows 98 , compatible , text screening not supported
2 Win2000 兼容 2 . Windows 2000 , compatible
3 Winxp 兼容 3 . Windows XP , compatible 4 Win vista 兼容 安装升级和卸载需管理员身 份
4 . Windows Vista , compatible , updates and uninstall can only be performed through User Account Control .
浏览器 Browsers
1 IE6.0/7.0 兼容 1 . Internet Explorer 6.0/70 , compatible 2 Opera 9.5 兼容 2 . Opera 9.5 , compatible 3 Firefox 2.0 兼容 3 . Firefox 2.0 , compatible 4 Netscape 9.0 兼容 4 . Netscape 9.0 , compatible 5 腾讯TT 3.0 兼容 5 . Tencent Traveler 3.0 , compatible 6 Maxthon 2.0 兼容 6 . Maxthon 2.0 , compatible 办公软件 Office Software
1 MS Office2003 兼容 1 . Microsoft Office 2003 , compatible 2 金山WPS 2007 兼容 2 . Kingsoft WPS 2007 , compatible 3 永 中Office2007 兼容 Evermore Office 2007 , compatible 杀毒软件 Anti-virus Software
1 卡巴斯基6/7 兼容 1 . Kaspersky 6/7 , compatible 2 瑞星19 兼容 2 . Rising 19 , compatible 3 江民2008 兼容 3 . Jiangmin 2008 , compatible 4 诺顿2008 兼容 4 . Norton 2008 , compatible 5 McAfee2008 兼容 5 . McAfee 2008 , compatible
技 术架构分析 Technical Framework Analysis
绿坝-花季护航 ” 所有的文件都安装在系统目录（windows/system32）下，程序菜单没有提供卸载入口，后发现卸载功能在主程序的一个菜单里。在启用“绿坝-花季护航”的图片过滤功能时，软件自动清除的浏览器缓存。All files within " Green Dam - Youth Escort " are installed to the system directory ( windows / system32 ) , and while no means to uninstall are provided in the Applications menu , the option to uninstall can be found in a menu within the main program .
When launching Green Dam 's image filtering function , the software automatically clears the browser cache .
在windows目录下的xstring.s2g存放着该软件所有文件的安装路径。Within xstring.s2g , located in the Windows directory , there can be found all the installation paths for all the program 's files .
运行时加载的模块 ：
驱动： C:Windows\system32\Drivers\mgtaki.sys
服务： C: Windows \MPSvcC.exe
启动项： C:Windows\system32\xnet2.exe
During operation , Green Dam installs the following modules :
Drivers : C:Windows\system32\Drivers\mgtaki.sys
Service : C: Windows \MPSvcC.exe
Launch : C:Windows\system32\xnet2.exe
在system32中有个 filtport .dat 文件 ，默认内容 是FreeGate/8567/tcp Urf/9666/tcp。
绿坝将密码用MD5算法转换后，以文本方式保存在C:\WINDOWS\system32目录下的kwpwf.dll文件中。以记事本打开该文件，以“ D0970714757783E6CF17B26FB8E2298F”替换其内容后保存，即可将密码恢复为初始密码“112233 ” 。
After Green Dam converts the password using the MD5 algorithm , it saves it in text format within the kwpwf.dll file located in the C: \WINDOWS \system32 directory .
When opened using Notepad , if the content is then replaced with " D0970714757783E6CF17B26FB8E2298 F " and saved , the password can then be restored to the original " 112233 " .
绿坝的一个设置文件xnet2_lang.ini中有一行：AOption0_1117=发现不良网站自动向金惠公司报告。在system32中有个filtport.dat的文件，默认内容是FreeGate/8567/tcp
Urf/9666/tcp，绿坝的过滤文件。
Within Green Dam installation file xnet2_lang.ini , one line reads : " AOption0_1117 =Upon discovery of harmful information , report automatically to Jinhui Corporation . "
Located in system32 in the file filtport .dat , the default content is " FreeGate / 8567/tcp Urf /9666/tcp " , suggesting that this is Green Dam 's filtering file .
http://www.zzjinhui.com/softpatch/ ，里面还包含一张美女图： 绿坝的通过网络自动更新，更新的网址为：
http://www.zzjinhui.com/softpatch/Image0.jpg 不知是何用意。在经过网络用户的分析后，发现
http://www.zzjinhui.com/softpatch/kwupdate.dat 此文件和屏蔽关键词和URL有关。有2个相关IP： 211.161.1.134 和 203.171.236.231，其中第二个IP指向 河南省郑州市景安计算机网络技术有限公司。( zzidc.com.cn )
Green Dam updates automatically online , and the update address is : http://www.zzjinhui.com/softpatch/
; found therein is a pretty woman picture http://www.zzjinhui.com/softpatch/kwupdate.dat is related to the filtering of keywords and URLs .
Connected to that are two IP addresses : 211.161.1.134 and 203.171.236.231 ; the second of the IP addresses belongs to Zhengzhou Giant Computer Network Technology Co. Ltd. in Henan province . ( zzidc.com.cn )
zzidc.com.cn ) found therein is a pretty woman picture http://www.zzjinhui.com/softpatch/Image0.jpg although its purpose is unknown .
Following analysis by Internet users , it was discovered that the file ; the second of the IP addresses belongs to Zhengzhou Giant Computer Network Technology Co. Ltd. in Henan province . (
使用测试和算法分析 Performance test and algorithm analysis
通过实际测试和用户反馈，发现绿坝的宣称功能的实现能力并不强，却没有避免在各个层面添加很多没有宣称的功能。部分用户的使用体验和讨论：
Through testing and user feedback , it has been noted that Green Dam 's ability to achieve its stated function is in fact not that strong , and has not avoided including many additional undisclosed functions situated at various levels .
Here is a sample of some users ' user experiences and discussion :
图 像过滤 Image filtering
图像检测进程从待检图像队列中获取图像数据，先归一化图像尺寸，然后分离肤色区域和非肤色区域，在对肤色区域关系进行分析后去除干扰，提取区域的特征送入已训练SVM分类器。当图像被检为色情图像后送入人脸检测器，若人脸不是主要部分便确定为色情图像。这套算法的主要问题是，色情图像的识别严重依赖于肤色和肤色形状；而最后使用人脸检测加权判定也只是手工打补丁避免出现大幅人脸识别为色情图像问题的办法，且经验权值可靠性缺乏验证。
The process of image detection begins when visual data is obtaining as the image is in queue to be screened , first normalizing the image 's size , then separating areas of skin tone from those without skin tone ; analysis of the relationship between areas of skin tone is followed by removal of noises , then extraction of the area 's characteristics , which are then input into a trained SVM classifier .
Once the image has been deemed pornographic it is sent to a human face detector ; if a human face is not the primary component , the image is then classified as pornography .
The main problem with this algorithm is that recognition of pornographic images relies heavily on skin color and shape , and the final use of a human face detector in a weighted judgment is only a manual patch aimed at preventing the problematic occurrence of large faces being identified as pornography , but also the reliability of empirical weighting lacks verification .
从XFImage.xml可观察到，绿霸使用了OpenCV的haar分类器进行人脸检测。绿霸附带的cximage.dll、CImage.dll、xcore.dll和Xcv.dll也来自OpenCV的库文件。都反映出绿霸主要使用了OpenCV来进行图像方面的处理。不过就像一般国产软件的做法，绿霸大概也无视了OpenCV的BSD许可证。
From XFImage.xml it can be observed that Green Dam uses OpenCV's Haar classifier in undergoing human face detection .
Included with Green Dam , cximage.dll , CImage.dll , xcore.dll and Xcv.dll , also library files from OpenCV .
This all suggests that Green Dam primarily uses OpenCV to process images .
However , as is done with much of domestic Chinese software , Green Dam has disregarded OpenCV's BSD license .
金惠公司承诺 图像检测正检率 >90 % ，误检率 < 7 % ，而 检出率 = 正检率 *色情图像比例 + ( 1 – 误检率 ) *( 1–色情图像比例 ) ，在色情图像占1%时，检出率为93 %。
Jinhui Corporation has committed to an accurate image detection rate of higher than 90 % , and a false detection rate of less than 7 % , with the detection rate=accurate detection rate * proportion of pornographic images ＋ ( 1 - false detection rate ) * ( 1 - proportion of pornographic images ) ; with 1 % of images being pornographic , the detection rate would be 93 % .
文 字过滤 Text filtering
数据文件HNCLIB/FalunWord.lib 中 还包含以 UTF - 32LE 编码的除法轮功外大量政治和色情有关的词汇。
An a nalysis of political content , including the filtering of Falun Gong - related content , shows that used is Beijing Dazheng Language Technology Co. Ltd .'s text filtering engine , HncEng.exe , HncEngPS.dll and SentenceObj.dll , and within data file HNCLIB / FalunWord.lib , in UTF - 32LE code , aside from Falun Gong there can also be found a large glossary related to political and pornographic content .
从数据文件HNCLIB/FalunWord.lib中分析出来的关键词列表：
http://filetwt.com/f/bn734dm89h
更完整的解析出的关键词 ： https://docs.google.com/View?docid=d7w7twp_977hcmc35g3
通过对
在北京大正语言知识处理科技有限公司网站上还可以找到未加密的关键词文件：
测试版中的色情关键词 ：
非色情关键词 ：
上级部门指示 ： hncldata_mdb.zip\L:\HncProjects\版权\检测版\升级包制作工具\2007.1.15\标准检测版\programfiles\hncldata.mdb进行分析后可以得到网址黑名单：
http://paste.ubuntu.org.cn/15292 在北京大正语言知识处理科技有限公司网站上还可以找到未加密的关键词文件：
http://docs.google.com/Doc?docid=dczkbptk_0ffc2hvc9&hl=en 测试版中的色情关键词： https://docs.google.com/View?id=ah27xz4pbz6s_22cgwh6xf7 非色情关键词： https://docs.google.com/View?id=ah27xz4pbz6s_24c6dw27g6 上级部门指示： https://docs.google.com/View?id=ah27xz4pbz6s_25fpx2qkhp
对政治性内容的分析，包括法轮功内容的过滤，使用了北京大正语言知识处理科技有限公司提供的文字过滤引擎HncEng.exe、HncEngPS.dll、SentenceObj.dll，nalysis of political content , including the filtering of Falun Gong - related content , shows that used is Beijing Dazheng Language Technology Co. Ltd.'s text filtering engine , HncEng.exe , HncEngPS.dll and SentenceObj.dll , and within data file HNCLIB / FalunWord.lib , in UTF - 32LE code , aside from Falun Gong there can also be found a large glossary related to political and pornographic content .通过对
http://www.hncit.com/update/ST771.rar 的分析，对ST771.rar\ST771\package2 下的
< font class = " Apple - style - span " face = " arial , helvetica , sans - serif " > 应用程序控制与过滤 Application control and filtering
对应用程序使用时间的控 制 Regarding control over application usage time
' 控制未成年人上网 、QQ、MSN及游戏的时间，避免过度沉溺于网络，有效戒除网瘾 ，'
Green Dam controls the time minors spend online , using QQ or MSN , and playing games ; by preventing overindulgence of the Internet , Green Dam effectively eliminates Internet addiction .
Green Dam controls the time minors spend online , using QQ or MSN , and playing games ; by preventing overindulgence of the Internet , Green Dam effectively eliminates Internet addiction .
禁止各种网络游戏（如征途、魔兽世界）、聊天(如QQ、MSN)等程序，定制黑白名单过滤实效更强；'阻断以代理服务器或代理类软件而躲避网址屏蔽的匿名浏览（如自由门）。
( 金惠堵截黄色图像及不良信息专家系统FAQ-20080520 )
对应用程序的内容控制 ：Regarding control over content in applications
经过测试，发现如果在记事本或者WordPad中输入任何“ 法轮功 ”
字样，都会关闭应用程序，但是在绘图板和MSN中输入这些字则不会有反应，这也说明其程序的不完备性。
Testing has shown that if any word resembling " Falun Gong " is entered into either Notepad or WordPad , the application will shut down ; however , typing the same characters into Paint or MSN Messenger bears no response , illustrating the incompleteness of the the program .
部分反编译的内容发现有多种应用程序是其监控的对象。
A segment of decompiled content shows the extent of the Green Dam 's monitoring .
00468940 .wow.exe.魔兽世界.... yaho
00468980 omessenger.exe..雅虎通..wangwang.exe....阿里旺旺....start.exe...
004689C0 网易POPO ....网易popo....uc.exe..新浪UC..新浪uc..icq.exe.ICQ6 ....
00468A00 icq6....skype.exe...Skype...skype...eph.exe.e话通...doshow..msnm
00468A40 sgr.exe.MSN.msn messenger...qqgame.exe..QQ游戏..qq游戏..qqchat.e
00468A80 xe..QQ聊天室....qq聊天室....qq.exe..QQ..qq2.bitbomet.exe....BitC
00468AC0 omet ....bitcomet ....
对反审查软件的屏蔽：例 如FreeGate。 在system32中有个 filtport.dat 文件 默认内容 是FreeGate/8567/tcp Urf/9666/tcp 两个进程：xdaemon.exe和xnet2.exe，
进入无界页面 会.....
经鉴定，是XDaemon.exe、XNet2.exe、gn.exe三个程序相互保护，防止被删掉和结束进程。
这是一种通常被病毒和流流氓软件所使用的技术。
Screening of anticircumvention software , such as FreeGate .
In system 32 there can be found a filtport .
dat file whose default content reads : FreeGate / 8567/tcp Urf/9666/tcp .
Two processes , xdaemon.exe and xnet2.exe , upon entering FreeGa te will ......
Following evaluation , three applications , XDaemon.exe , XNet2.exe and gn.exe , can be seen to be protecting one another , preventing each process from being deleted or interrupted , a kind of technique used by malware ...
可能监控的程序：( 来自injlib.exe , offset 89e8H )
Possibly monitored programs ( found in injlib.exe , offset 89e8 H ) :
editplus.exe
uedit32.exe
emeditor.exe
wordpad.exe
notepad.exe
wps.exe
wpp.exe
et.exe
powerpnt.exe
frontpg.exe
excel.exe
msaccess.exe
outlook.exe
winword.exe
mailmagic.exe
popo.exe
qqmail.exe
aixmail.exe
imapp.exe
incmail.exe
msimn.exe
dm2005.exe
foxmail.exe
googletalk.exe
miranda32.exe
imu.exe
ypager.exe
tmshell.exe
start.exe
uc.exe
icqchatrobot.exe
qq.exe
msnmsgr.exe editplus.exeuedit32.exeemeditor.exewordpad.exenotepad.exewps.exewpp.exeet.exepowerpnt.exefrontpg.exeexcel.exemsaccess.exeoutlook.exewinword.exemailmagic.exepopo.exeqqmail.exeaixmail.exeimapp.exeincmail.exemsimn.exedm2005.exefoxmail.exegoogletalk.exemiranda32.exeimu.exeypager.exetmshell.exestart.exeuc.exeicqchatrobot.exeqq.exemsnmsgr.exe
gsfbwsr.exe
greenbrowser.exe
touchnet.exe
theworld.exe
maxthon.exe
ttraveler.exe
netscp.exe
ge.exe
firefox.exe
opera.exe
netcaptor.exe
myie.exe
iexplore.exe
mmc.exe
regedit.exe
taskmgr.exe
mpsvcc.exe
xdaemon.exe
xnet2.exe
几乎市面上所有常见文本编辑工具（EditPlus , UltraEdit , EmEditor）、办公软件 （WPS三部件，MS Office系列）、邮件客户端、IM客户端、浏览器都会受到监视。
It seems that nearly all text editors on the market ( EditPlus , UltraEdit , EmEditor ) , office software suites ( WPS , MS Office ) , e-mail clients , instant messaging clients and browsers , are being monitored .
网 络过滤 Internet filtering
“ 绿坝 ” 通 过Winsock2的SPI接口获取发送和接收的数据，对这些数据进行分析，获取HTTP数据，将HTTP数据解协议后，经过URL检测器，不良URL检测器和关键字检测器后，根据检测结果决定是否需要使用图像检测器，通过图像检测将新发现的不良网址提供给系统管理员。
" Green Dam " utilizes the Winsock2 SPI port to obtain data from both sender and recipient , and through analyzing these data , obtains http data .
Having obtained http data protocol and run through a URL detector , a harmful URL detector and a keyword detector , Green Dam decides based on those results whether or not image detection is needed , and through image detection , addresses of websites containing harmful information are delivered to system management .
潜 在风险
后门： 绿霸本身的安全性就有很大疑问，这样一款小公司开发的软件很容易存在安全漏洞，一旦被黑客发现，则所有安装绿霸的电脑都成为黑客的 “ 肉鸡 ” ，如果其安装量大的话，完全有可能重演“ 暴风影音断网” 的事件 。
因为绿坝软件本身的多种不完善性，可能会导致客户端正常软件功能的失效（例如，关闭没有保存的正常工作文档而不提示保存）。
因为该软件所有技术参数的设置，都基于科技人员本人对于什么是色情图片的假设。这些假设反而强化了色情的窠臼和性/别不平等，对青少年不利。
相关文件
Source documents
绿坝与政府的谈判响应书 ： https://docs.google.com/fileview?id=F.17d2bb7b-bddd-4e3e-a2a1-00d2ec5e569f&hl=zh_CN
AP
Christina Romer is the chairwoman of Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers and a scholar of the Depression
AT A recent congressional hearing I cautiously noted some “ glimmers of hope ” that the economy could stabilise and perhaps start to rebound later in the year .
I was asked if this meant that we should cancel much of the remaining spending in the $ 787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
I responded that the expected recovery was both months away and predicated on Recovery Act spending ramping up greatly .
Only later did it hit me that I should have told the story of 1937 .
The recovery from the Depression is often described as slow because America did not return to full employment until after the outbreak of the second world war .
But the truth is the recovery in the four years after Franklin Roosevelt took office in 1933 was incredibly rapid .
Annual real GDP growth averaged over 9 % .
Unemployment fell from 25 % to 14 % .
The second world war aside , the United States has never experienced such sustained , rapid growth .
However , that growth was halted by a second severe downturn in 1937 - 38 , when unemployment surged again to 19 % ( see chart ) .
The fundamental cause of this second recession was an unfortunate , and largely inadvertent , switch to contractionary fiscal and monetary policy .
One source of the growth in 1936 was that Congress had overridden Mr Roosevelt 's veto and passed a large bonus for veterans of the first world war .
In 1937 , this fiscal stimulus disappeared .
In addition , social - security taxes were collected for the first time .
These factors reduced the deficit by roughly 2.5 % of GDP , exerting significant contractionary pressure .
Also important was an accidental switch to contractionary monetary policy .
In 1936 the Federal Reserve began to worry about its “ exit strategy ” .
After several years of relatively loose monetary policy , American banks were holding large quantities of reserves in excess of their legislated requirements .
Monetary policymakers feared these excess reserves would make it difficult to tighten if inflation developed or if “ speculative excess ” began again on Wall Street .
In July 1936 the Fed 's board of governors stated that existing excess reserves could “ create an injurious credit expansion ” and that it had “ decided to lock up ” those excess reserves “ as a measure of prevention ” .
The Fed then doubled reserve requirements in a series of steps .
Unfortunately it turned out that banks , still nervous after the financial panics of the early 1930s , wanted to hold excess reserves as a cushion .
When that excess was legislated away , they scrambled to replace it by reducing lending .
According to a classic study of the Depression by Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz , the resulting monetary contraction was a central cause of the 1937 - 38 recession .
The 1937 episode provides a cautionary tale .
The urge to declare victory and get back to normal policy after an economic crisis is strong .
That urge needs to be resisted until the economy is again approaching full employment .
Financial crises , in particular , tend to leave scars that make financial institutions , households and firms behave differently .
If the government withdraws support too early , a return to economic decline or even panic could follow .
In this regard , not only should we not prematurely stop Recovery Act spending , we need to plan carefully for its expiration .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the Recovery Act will provide nearly $ 400 billion of stimulus in the 2010 fiscal year , but just over $ 130 billion in 2011 .
This implies a fiscal contraction of about 2 % of GDP .
If all goes well , private demand will have increased enough by then to fill the gap .
If that is not the case , broad policy support may need to be sustained somewhat longer .
Perhaps a more fundamental lesson is that policymakers should find constructive ways to respond to the natural pressure to cut back on stimulus .
For example , the Federal Reserve 's balance - sheet has more than doubled during the crisis , drawing considerable attention .
Monetary policymakers have made it clear that they believe continued monetary ease is appropriate .
Moreover , the Fed 's credit programmes are to some degree self - eliminating : as demand for its special credit facilities shrinks , so will its balance - sheet .
But now may also be a sensible time to grant the Fed additional tools to help its balance - sheet contract once the economy has recovered .
Some have suggested that the Fed be authorised to issue debt , as many other central banks do .
This would enhance its ability to withdraw excess cash from the financial system .
Granting such additional tools now could provide confidence that the Fed will be able to respond to inflationary pressures , without it having to create that confidence by actually tightening prematurely .
Fiscal health check
Now is also the time to think about our long - run fiscal situation .
Despite the large budget deficit President Obama inherited , dealing with the current crisis required increasing the deficit substantially .
To switch to austerity in the immediate future would surely set back recovery and risk a 1937 - like recession - within - a- recession .
But many are legitimately concerned about the longer - term budget situation .
That is why the president has laid out a plan to shrink the deficit he inherited by half and has repeatedly emphasised the need to reduce the long - term deficit and put the debt - to - GDP ratio on a declining trajectory .
In this regard , health - care reform presents a golden opportunity .
The fundamental source of long - run deficits is rising health - care expenditures .
By coupling the expansion of coverage with reforms that significantly slow the growth of health - care costs , we can dramatically improve the long - run fiscal situation without tightening prematurely .
As someone who has written somewhat critically of the short - sightedness of policymakers in the late 1930s , I feel new humility .
I can see that the pressures they were under were probably enormous .
Policymakers today need to learn from their experiences and respond to the same pressures constructively , without derailing the recovery before it has even begun .
For a discussion of this article , visit Economist.com / freeexchange
Gays , lesbians , transgenders , bisexuals , transsexuals and their friends will be marching in the 2009 Houston Pride parade Saturday night ( this year 's theme is " Out for Justice " ) .
To add to the festivities , we thought we 'd recap some of the highlights of Houston 's GLBT history .
1958 : Ray Hill came out
Hair Balls could have easily filled our top five list of Houston GLBT moments with Ray Hill achievements alone , but we thought we'd go back to what started it all .
In 1958 ( which in gay history years is a couple of centuries ago ) , Hill came out -- at Galena Park High School .
Coming out can be extremely difficult for students today ; 50 years ago it was life - threatening .
Hill kicked down the closet door decades before it was cool -- or safe -- to do so .
Since then , he 's been Houston 's resident queer .
Besides co-founding most of the city 's GLBT organizations ,
Hill has also been the plaintiff in several landmark court cases , including Houston v Hill 107 S.Ct. 2502 .
( Hill was arrested for shouting at Houston Police Officers under an ordinance that prohibited anyone from opposing or interrupting a police officer during the execution of their duties .
He took the case to the U.S. Supreme Court and won .
So next time you shout at a cop and do n't get arrested -- thank Hill . )
These days Hill , who hosts
The Prison Show on KPFT , is the elder statesman of the Houston GLBT community , a walking encyclopedia of gay history and officiator of all things queer .
1979 : Gay Political Caucus endorses its first candidate
Houston City Council Member Sue Lovell remembers : " The then - Gay Political Caucus approached Eleanor Tinsley wanting to endorse her in her race for City Council At - Large Position 2 against 12 - year incumbent Frank Mann .
Many of the people who worked on her campaign advised her not to take the endorsement , because she would lose a lot of votes .
Her response was , ' I believe I will gain more votes than I will lose , and it's the right thing to do .
I want to be on the forefront of this civil rights movement . '
" During the campaign , " Lovell continues , " her opponent tried to use the endorsement of the Gay Political Caucus against Eleanor by stating that she could n't be a viable candidate because she had the " Oddwads and Queers " supporting her .
T - shirts were promptly printed up with her opponent 's phrase , and supporters of Eleanor Tinsley proudly wore them .
It turned out to be a great fundraising tool . "
Tinsley went on to win her race and made history :
She was the first woman ever to win an At - Large Council seat in Houston .
Seems those " oddwads and queers " knew how to turn out the vote .
1979 : First Pride Parade
Houston City Controller Annise Parker remembers : " I participated in the first Pride Parade in 1979 , although I 'm not sure many would call it a parade , given the number of people out on the street and that there was n't a float in sight .
The theme was " United We Stand . "
I honestly did not imagine that it would become one of Houston 's largest public events . "
Houston 's Pride Parade is the largest gay pride event in the Southwest and is the only gay pride parade in the country held at night .
( It took a revision of city ordinances in 1997 to allow the parade to be held at night .
Parker , then a city council member , was part of that effort . )
But all Parker 's memories about the Pride Parade are n't happy .
" I remember the murder of Fred Paez on the eve of the 1980 Pride Parade . "
( A GLBT community activist , Paez was shot and killed by a Houston Police officer . )
" We showed our solidarity by wearing black armbands -- a response that was dignified , peaceful , yet also expressed our outrage . "
1994 : Launch of OutSmart Magazine
While there were GLBT newspapers and magazines in Houston long before OutSmart , most were just vehicles for sexually explicit ads .
( Remember TWIT anybody ? )
OutSmart was Houston 's first glossy cover monthly magazine serving the GLBT community that did n't focus on ads of muscular guys suggestively tugging down their bikini underwear or page after page of ' muscle stimulation ' massage listings .
( Hair Balls notes that the Houston Press proudly has such listings in our print issue . )
Under the direction of publisher Greg Jeu , OutSmart does sprinkle in some eye - candy , but it's not the focus of the magazine ; instead , it covers local news and politics , social issues and national entertainment .
( What a concept ! )
2003 : Lawrence v Texas 539 U.S. 558
In 1998 Harris County Sheriff 's Deputy J. R. Quinn arrested Pasadena resident John Lawrence for having anal sex in his home with an adult consenting male .
Quinn was responding to a bogus call about an intruder .
After finding Lawrence and his partner committing sodomy , Quinn arrested them for violating Chapter 21 , Sec. 21.06 of the Texas Penal Code which prohibits someone from engaging " in deviant sexual intercourse with another individual of the same sex . "
Lawrence took the case to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 , where the law was struck down as unconstitutional .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Sacha Baron Cohen 's stunt at the MTV Movie Awards , which saw him land on Eminem while baring his naked backside , was pre-arranged , a writer has said .
The rap star was seen storming out of the ceremony after Cohen 's alter - ego Bruno landed on him in a skimpy outfit .
But Scott Aukerman , head writer for the awards , wrote on his blog the incident was staged and rehearsed in advance .
" They rehearsed it at dress and yes , it went as far as it did on the live show , " he said .
Baron Cohen flew in to the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles on a wire before apparently colliding with an obstacle and spinning down to the audience .
Speculation had been rampant over whether the stunt was staged , there was no comment from Baron Cohen , Eminem or MTV .
" Yes , the Bruno / Eminem incident was staged .
That 's all anyone wants to talk about , so let 's get it out of the way , " Aukerman wrote .
The article was later removed from his blog .
Twilight win
In the posting , he also revealed the pitfalls of writing for an internationally - televised award show - and admitted that several sketches got cut .
" We tried several things , from topical jokes to sketches , " he wrote .
" Anything that did n't involve pointing out a celebrity or saying a curse word fell completely flat during rehearsals .
Subtlety just does not work during that show . "
Aukerman also revealed that he and the other writers only received " a few hundred dollars " for their efforts .
At the ceremony , held at the Gibson Amphitheatre near Los Angeles , Vampire drama Twilight won five trophies , including best film , best actress from Kristen Stewart and best male breakthrough performance for Robert Pattinson .
It is officially the worst time of year for sports .
I ’m not too crazy about mid-summer baseball , and the NBA Finals have ended ( not quite significant to me anyways since the Sonics departed Seattle ) .
It is going to be a long summer filled with anticipation for upcoming camps and practices – anything that signifies football season being just around the corner .
Pretty routine for the offseason , however , is optimism throughout the league .
Fans ( and players ) of every team seem to be rejuvenated for the upcoming season , and everyone thinks they ’ve got a decent shot at being successful .
Hell , the Seahawks finished 4 - 12 last season yet a lot of folks in the Pacific Northwest seem to be confident that a return to the playoffs is probable .
Confidence and optimism are good things ; what makes it interesting for fans is when the same hopefulness turns into predictions and guarantees from players .
The media will always find the one guy in the locker room that is willing to provide bulletin board material for the opposing team , even on the largest stage : Freddie Mitchell , Jerramy Stevens , and others .
Predictions do n’t always need to be blown out of proportion by the media , or on a large stage like the Super Bowl , however .
Recently , Chad Ochocinco was being his usual self at one of Cincinnati ’s mandatory minicamps .
According to Ochocinco , “ It ’s going to be a great year ; we ’re going to the playoffs .
We ’re going … We ’re making progress .
I mean , I see it , and I can come out on a limb and say what we ’re going to do . ”
Those are pretty hefty expectations for a franchise that has only finished above .500 once since 1990 .
But as a fan , you ’ve got to love the optimism .
If you ’re a Bengals fan , would you rather have him come out and declare the next season a failure before it even starts ?
I do n’t think so .
Nothing is guaranteed , but you definitely want your team to show some confidence – although , there is a very fine line between confident and cocky .
So I ’m bringing all of this up for a reason , I promise .
Recently , a few Twitter updates from a couple of Seattle Seahawks players caught my attention .
The first , from Nate Burleson , posed an extremely optimistic scenario that is apparently plausible from additional offseason workouts .
The update was obviously positive , and probably just something from Nate to get fans excited :
Finished my first week of workouts in Az .
Twice a day , 5 days a week for 4 weeks …
You do the math !
For the slow folk .. it equals 15 TD’s
I would hate to play the pessimistic role for something that Nate was obviously just having fun with , so I wo n’t .
If Burleson is able to somehow total anywhere close to 15 touchdowns next season , the Seahawks are no doubt bound for the playoffs .
We ’re talking about a guy who tied a career - best 9 touchdown receptions in 2007 , and is returning from a serious ACL injury that kept him off the field for most of last season .
Not to take anything away from his prediction , but only five players in the National Football League had 15 or more touchdowns last season ; each one of them was a running back .
The leading wide receiver , Larry Fitzgerald , only had 12 .
If Burleson even approaches his lofty goals for next season , then maybe more Seahawks players should complete four - week offseason training programs in Arizona .
Shortly after Nate Burleson ’s update , Darryl Tapp decided to join in on the fun .
Tapp confidently proposed this scenario as a response to Burleson :
well I am gonna train in va.
4 weeks 2 and a half times a day .
And for you slow that means 12 sacks
I immediately took the opportunity to respond to Tapp ’s update , challenging him to shoot for a slightly larger , more unreasonable goal : 20 sacks .
Tapp kept himself modest , however , and replied that 10 - 12 sacks seems like a decent goal for someone whose best season so far included only 7 .
Agreed .
And while enjoying the Twitter updates from NFL players , I ’ll optimistically dream about the success we ’ll have next season .
Nate Burleson will be a monster , pulling in double - digit touchdowns .
Darryl
Tapp will provide the much - needed pressure off the edge , tallying close to a dozen sacks .
The Seahawks will be well - represented in the 2010 Pro Bowl , and will make a serious run in the playoffs .
Uh-oh .
I think all of this confidence and hopefulness has gone to my head .
I guess I ’ll go watch some film from last season ; that will bring me back to reality for sure .
At least I think so .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Privacy advocates plan to call on the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to suspend use of " whole - body imaging , " the airport security technology that critics say performs " a virtual strip search " and produces " naked " pictures of passengers , CNN has learned .
A TSA employee , shown from the back , as he stands in an airport whole - body imaging machine .
The national campaign , which will gather signatures from organizations and relevant professionals , is set to launch this week with the hope that it will go " viral , " said Lillie Coney , associate director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , which plans to lead the charge .
" People need to know what 's happening , with no sugar - coating and no spinning , " said Coney , who is also coordinator of the Privacy Coalition , a conglomerate of 42 member organizations .
She expects other groups to sign on in the push for the technology 's suspension until privacy safeguards are in place .
Right now , without regulations on what the Transportation Security Administration does with this technology , she said , " We do n't have the policy to hold them to what they say .
They 're writing their own rule book at this point . "
The machines " detect both metallic and nonmetallic threat items to keep passengers safe , " said Kristin Lee , spokeswoman for TSA , in a written statement .
" It is proven technology , and we are highly confident in its detection capability . "
Watch a video of the body - imaging scans »
Late last month , freshman Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R - Utah , introduced legislation to ban these machines .
Of concern to him , Coney and others is not just what TSA officials say , it 's also what they see .
iReport :
Tell us what you think about these scanners
The sci -fi-looking whole - body imaging machine -- think " Beam me up , Scotty " -- was first introduced at an airport in Phoenix , Arizona , in November 2007 .
There are now 40 machines , which cost $ 170,000 each , being tested and used in 19 airports , said TSA 's Lee .
Whole - Body Imaging
These six airports are using whole - body imaging as a primary security measure , according to TSA :
San Francisco , California
Miami , Florida
Albuquerque , New Mexico
Tulsa , Oklahoma
Salt Lake City , Utah
Las Vegas , Nevada
Six of these airports are testing the machines as a primary security check option , instead of metal detectors followed by a pat - down , she said .
The rest present them as a voluntary secondary security option in lieu of a pat - down , which is protocol for those who 've repeatedly set off the metal detector or have been randomly selected for additional screening .
So far , the testing phase has been promising , said Lee .
When given the choice , " over 99 percent of passengers choose this technology over other screening options , " she said .
A big advantage of the technology is the speed , said Jon Allen , another TSA spokesperson , who 's based in Atlanta , Georgia .
A body scan takes between 15 and 30 seconds , while a full pat - down can take from two to four minutes .
And for those who cringe at the idea of being touched by a security official , or are forever assigned to a pat - down because they had hip replacements , for example , the machine is a quick and easy way to avoid that contact and hassle , he said .
Using millimeter wave technology , which the TSA says emits 10,000 times less radio frequency than a cell phone , the machine scans a traveler and a robotic image is generated that allows security personnel to detect potential threats -- and , some fear , more -- beneath a person 's clothes .
TSA officials say privacy concerns are addressed in a number of ways .
The system uses a pair of security officers .
The one working the machine never sees the image , which appears on a computer screen behind closed doors elsewhere ; and the remotely located officer who sees the image never sees the passenger .
As further protection , a passenger 's face is blurred and the image as a whole " resembles a fuzzy negative , " said TSA 's Lee .
The officers monitoring images are n't allowed to bring cameras , cell phones or any recording device into the room , and the computers have been programmed so they have " zero storage capability " and images are " automatically deleted , " she added .
But this is of little comfort to Coney , the privacy advocate with EPIC , a public interest research group in Washington .
She said she 's seen whole - body images captured by similar technology dating back to 2004 that were much clearer than what 's represented by the airport machines .
" What they 're showing you now is a dumbed - down version of what this technology is capable of doing , " she said .
" Having blurry images should n't blur the issue . "
Lee of TSA emphasized that the images Coney refers to do not represent millimeter wave technology but rather " backscatter " technology , which she said TSA is not using at this time .
Coney said she and other privacy advocates want more oversight , full disclosure for air travelers , and legal language to protect passengers and keep TSA from changing policy down the road .
For example , she wants to know what 's to stop TSA from using clearer images or different technology later .
The computers can't store images now , but what if that changes ?
" TSA will always be committed to respecting passenger privacy , regardless of whether a regulation is in place or not , " Lee said .
She added that the long - term goal is not to see more of people , but rather to advance the technology so that the human image is like a stick - figure and any anomalies are auto - detected and highlighted .
But Coney knows only about what 's out there now , and she worries that as the equipment gets cheaper , it will become more pervasive and harder to regulate .
Already it is used in a handful of U.S. courthouses and in airports in the United Kingdom , Spain , Japan , Australia , Mexico , Thailand and the Netherlands .
She wonders whether the machines will someday show up in malls .
The option of walking through a whole - body scanner or taking a pat - down should n't be the final answer , said Chris Calabrese , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union .
" A choice between being groped and being stripped , I do n't think we should pretend those are the only choices , " he said .
" People should n't be humiliated by their government " in the name of security , nor should they trust that the images will always be kept private .
" Screeners at LAX [ Los Angeles International Airport ] , " he speculated , " could make a fortune off naked virtual images of celebrities . "
Bruce Schneier , an internationally recognized security technologist , said whole - body imaging technology " works pretty well , " privacy rights aside .
But he thinks the financial investment was a mistake .
In a post - 9/11 world , he said , he knows his position is n't " politically tenable , " but he believes money would be better spent on intelligence - gathering and investigations .
" It 's stupid to spend money so terrorists can change plans , " he said by phone from Poland , where he was speaking at a conference .
If terrorists are swayed from going through airports , they 'll just target other locations , such as a hotel in Mumbai , India , he said .
" We 'd be much better off going after bad guys ... and back to pre-9/11 levels of airport security , " he said .
" There 's a huge ' cover your ass ' factor in politics , but unfortunately , it does n't make us safer . "
Meantime , TSA 's
Lee says the whole - body imaging machines remain in the pilot phase .
Given what the organization has gleaned so far , she said additional deployments are anticipated .
All About Transportation Security Administration • Air Travel • Privacy Rights
The typical distancing from parents by adolescents is exacerbated by divorce for fathers , but not for mothers , according to a recent study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family .
" Historically , teens distance themselves from parents and increase involvement with peers , " says co-author Dr. Alan Booth , distinguished professor of sociology , human development and demography at Penn State .
" Coupled with divorce , this distancing may result in further declines in father - child closeness . "
Although research demonstrates that fathers ' involvement with children has increased in recent decades , mothers continue to do the majority of childcare while fathers are the less involved parent .
Parental divorce creates an immense pressure to decrease father - child closeness , supplemented by the many barriers created by a father 's physical separation from the children .
Fathers , who often are the less involved parent before divorce , would have to increase their investment in the relationship just to maintain pre-divorce levels of closeness , which the vast majority of fathers do not do , according to the study .
" Therefore , fathers are at a disadvantage in closeness to start , and then divorce makes it even more challenging to be close , " say the researchers .
The team comprising Mindy Scott of Child Trends and Booth , Valarie King and David Johnson , all faculty at Penn State , examined information reported by high school students participating in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent health .
advertisement
A sub -sample of youth , drawn from a nationally representative sample , was interviewed at the beginning and the end of a five - year period .
Reports from youth whose parents remained married were compared with reports from youth whose parents were divorced by end of the period .
Prior to divorce , 71 percent of youth reported being very close to their mothers , while 57 percent reported being very close to their fathers .
The teens ' withdrawal from fathers was much more severe among those youths with divorced parents ( 56 percent ) than among those with non-divorced parents ( 28 percent ) , the study says .
The proportion of youths who reported a consistently close relationship with their father was much higher among those with still - married parents ( 48 percent ) than among those with divorced parents ( 25 percent ) .
There was no significant difference in the change in closeness to mothers reported by youths in either group .
" Those teens who maintained a close relationship with their father had a stronger mother - child bond and a greater sense of well - being , defined as feelings about relationship qualities and perception 's of their own qualities and abilities , " Booth notes .
He adds , " Future research may look at information directly from the fathers about their evaluation of father - child closeness and his views of opportunities and constraints affecting before and after - divorce closeness with their children . "
It 's kind of amazing how much Apple got right yesterday — and what they got wrong :
Their product lines are completely scrambled .
The Pro designation has become meaningless and $ 99 iPhones look just like $ 499 iPhones .
Advertisement
It 's possible that when the subsidized iPhone 3G dropped last year for $ 199 , a new Apple was born .
We just did n't see it clearly until today , with the announcement of the iPhone 3GS and new MacBook Pro line .
" Pro " used to be a real designation : A Pro machine was designed and built for working professionals .
It had more power , better build quality and " top 10 percent " features for the users who needed it — or at least wanted to pay a lot more for it .
Now , it 's just a brand .
Advertisement
It 's true that the unibody MacBooks were more like their brawnier " Pro " siblings than ever before — it was even the rationale behind our dual review .
But there were still very real dividing lines between them :
Most importantly , Pro machines had dedicated graphics cards .
As of yesterday , that 's not true .
The $ 1700 15 - inch Pro does n't have one , and none of 13 - inch newly designated Pro models have them either .
Also , what kind of professional machine lacks a removable battery , anyway ?
( Swapping out batteries is how we got through the back - to - back Nintendo and Sony keynotes at E3 this year , though admittedly , the significantly improved battery life might be part of the answer . )
Do n't get us wrong , we love that Apple brought many of the Pro hallmarks down to their consumer machines , like the aluminum chassis , and that now high - end Apple laptops are more affordable than ever .
But now real pros probably wo n't even look at most of the Pro line .
The new products also do n't show how special you are for paying the most to buy the best .
The cheap models and the pricey ones are identical .
Your crazy high - end 32 GB iPhone 3GS looks just like that other guy's $ 99 iPhone 3G .
Every unibody MacBook is now a Pro— whether you spend $ 1200 or twice as much .
The old distinctions have been erased .
Advertisement
A leveling of class distinctions in Apple products is going to sting people who valued the affectation of elitism that came with using Apple 's top - of - the - line products .
Even subtle differences — like the premium paid for the matte black MacBook over the otherwise identical shiny white one , were signals , beamed out to the others in the coffee shop , declaring who was " da boss . "
You know , the guys who wore the white earbuds with pride five years ago .
Admittedly , sometimes those guys need a left hook to the kidneys ( and sometimes , we are those guys ) .
Maybe it 's good to make the best technology accessible to everybody , with no indicators of who paid more for what .
Maybe Apple is trying to create good design that works for anyone and everyone .
I can respect that .
Still , the question remains :
Does this make rich people look like poor people , or poor people look like rich people ?
The privileged must know .
Wisconsin albeit a ban on same - sex marriage and civil unions may be the next state to add domestic partnership rights ; including hospital visitation , the ability to take family medical leave to care for a sick or injured partner and the ability to make end of life decisions for a domestic partner .
Wisconsin Governor Jim Doyle included limited domestic partnership protections for the state 's same - sex couples in his recent budget proposal .
The good news is that some key members of the state legislature are in favor as well .
Since WI was one of the states where voters passed a constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage in 2006 , this piece of legislation is particularly important , as it would be the first piece of pro-equality legislation in more than 20 years .
( PFLAG )
The Wisconsin State Assembly is scheduled to vote on this budget next Wednesday , June 17th .
Tell the legislators that you support fairness and equality in the state of WI and ask them to support it , too .
You can do this through the Fair Wisconsin site at http://eqfed.org/campaign/Assembly_DP
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia —
The news startled many Saudis .
Abdul Aziz Al - Humain , president of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice — known unfondly here as the religious police — apologized to a young man for an altercation with commission agents who accosted him after alleging that he ’d kissed his wife in public .
Al Humain also removed the commission ’s spokesman for publicizing the charges , which the 27 - year - old man heatedly disputed , and for releasing the alleged offender ’s name to the press .
Many Saudis , unaccustomed to the commission admitting mistakes , were pleased .
The mid-March episode carried a clear message : Saudi society is changing , so the commission has to change too .
“ This signals a new era because in the past [ the commission ’s behavior ] would have been OK , ” said Al Riyadh newspaper reporter Khaled al Awfi , who covered the incident .
“ But now under Al Humain ’s lead , this was considered unacceptable . ”
The kingdom is feeling the pull of two social tectonic plates slowly grinding past each other .
One is comprised of Saudis who want to create a more open , modern society .
The other is made up of those who want it to stay the same and reject anything even remotely associated with foreign behavior .
The commission is the vanguard of the latter group .
Long a fixture here , its agents are feared and disliked by many Saudis for interfering in people ’s lives on the pretext of upholding Muslim values and virtue .
Easily recognized by their long beards and calf - length robes , they monitor public places to make sure unrelated men and women do not mix and that stores close during prayer times .
They also seek to enforce the puritanical ethos of Saudi Arabia ’s predominant Wahhabi version of Islam , which frowns on movies , singing , dancing and uncovered women ’s faces .
In recent years , the commission ’s authority has increasingly been questioned not simply because of the inconveniences they impose on the public , but also because of incidents in which Saudis lost their lives while in custody of the religious police or fleeing them .
In 2002 , they were widely blamed for contributing to the deaths of more than a dozen girls when they impeded the entry of firefighters to the burning girls ’ school .
In another tragic case a year ago , two boys and two girls were killed when their speeding car crashed in Medina .
The foursome , apparently fearful of being caught violating the ban on mixing , were trying to escape commission agents .
“ People are changing , ” said Saudi journalist Najah Al Osaimi .
“ They used to believe in what the [ commission was ] doing .
But now they lost their credibility .
Now , we use our brains . ”
Apparently hoping to defuse growing public anger , King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz replaced the former commission president with Al Humain during a cabinet reshuffle in February .
Those who favor reducing the commission ’s authority or giving it new duties — like running campaigns against illegal drug use — were heartened by the king ’s move and by a trend of loosening the gender segregation that has impeded cultural events in the past .
For the first time , this year ’s national celebration of Saudi culture , the Janadriya Festival , had family days , which meant that Saudi husbands and wives could attend the event together .
Women also had much easier access this year to the Riyadh International Book Fair , where they ambled from booth to booth amid throngs of other human beings who happened to be male .
At a Riyadh conference on child abuse , men and women sat on different sides of the auditorium , without a screen separating them .
And a princess who addressed the conference covered her hair but not her face .
Then , in a country that has no movie theaters , the government held its first film festival last year in Dammam .
People of both genders attended , but sat in different halls .
In December , a Saudi - made comedy was screened several times over a week in Jeddah .
Male viewers sat separately from the women , who were in the balcony .
But everyone was in the same auditorium .
Popcorn was sold .
All this has encouraged people to increasingly challenge what they view as unreasonable demands by the commission .
The Saudi Gazette recently reported that Saudi taxi drivers in the southern town of Taif have threatened to take the commission to court for harassing them when they drive female students to school .
And some members of Shoura Council , an advisory body , recently criticized the behavior of some commission agents , in particular for rummaging through people ’s cellphones .
They called for the organization to be restructured .
The commission and their powerful clerical supporters are fighting back .
In January , several agents rushed into a hall at Riyadh ’s Yamamah University where representatives of 35 British universities were talking to prospective Saudi students .
The agents ordered the British women reps to leave .
At the Riyadh book fair , one commission agent reprimanded two male authors after they said " thank you " and waved at a female author when she signed her book for them .
“ His conclusion was that saying ‘ thank you , ’ which everyone in the world says , became forbidden in the law of the commission , ” said one of the male authors , Abdullah Al Thabet , as he recounted the incident .
“ This is not in Islam at all .
The Prophet [ Muhammed ) used to say ‘ Hi ’ to ladies and shake hands with them . ”
And commission agents recently entered Riyadh shops selling abayas , the long flowing black robes all women must wear in public , to confiscate all the garments sporting sequins or color .
Last month , 35 ultra - conservative clerics publicly demanded an end to music on television and a ban on women appearing on television and in newspapers .
" We have noticed how well - rooted perversity is in ... television , radio , press , culture clubs and the book fair , " the clerics stated , according to The Associated Press .
" No Saudi women should appear on TV , no matter what the reason . "
Despite its recent public relations setbacks , the commission is not about to disappear .
Many Saudis still regard it as an essential element of a true Islamic society , and approve of much of what it does .
One need only read the comments to a recent story about its actions to see that support .
The group ’s new spokesman has promised a gentler , kinder commission , saying it will not tarnish people ’s reputations as it enforces rules for society .
“ We appreciate the attention of the media , and we see it as an incentive for us to evaluate and improve our work , ” said spokesman Abdulmuhsin Al - Qaffari .
“ We care about improving our image , ” he added .
“ But we care even more about improving the reality of what we do , and for this development steps will be taken soon . ”
For more dispatches on the changing face of Saudi society :
Winds of change blow over Saudi
Saudi driving ban a burden on men , too
Child marriage case showcases deep splits in Saudi society
I made a * darn * good chili last week , if I do say so myself ( and I do .
So does the rest of the family , including my parents ) .
I had a few sweet potatoes left in the house and I desperately wanted to make up for the absolute fiasco that took place when I threw together that icky
dish .
This was much better .
So
much
better , I demonstrated it on BlogHer 's new webShow ,
The Juice
.
This is a cheap , vegan meal that does n't leave you hungry 15 minutes later .
I promise .
The Ingredients .
1 yellow onion , diced
2 garlic cloves , minced
1 ( 15 - ounce ) can red kidney beans , drained and rinsed ( or 2/3 cup dried beans , soaked overnight and boiled briskly for 10 minutes because of the
1 red bell pepper , seeded and chopped
1 ( 14.5 - ounce ) can tomatoes ( whatever 's on sale , mine had oregano and roasted garlic )
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 cup water
1/2 cup orange juice ( not pictured .
If you do n't have any in the house , use water ) 2 sweet potatoes , peeled and in 2 - inch chunks1 yellow onion , diced2 garlic cloves , minced1 ( 15 - ounce ) can red kidney beans , drained and rinsed ( or 2/3 cup dried beans , soaked overnight and boiled briskly for 10 minutes because of the freaky red bean toxin thing 1 red bell pepper , seeded and chopped1 ( 14.5 - ounce ) can tomatoes ( whatever 's on sale , mine had oregano and roasted garlic ) 1 tablespoon chili powder1 teaspoon smoked paprika1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder1 / 2 teaspoon kosher salt1 cup water 1 / 2 cup orange juice ( not pictured .
If you do n't have any in the house , use water )
The Directions .
Use a 5 - 6 quart slow cooker .
This is enough food to feed a family of 4 regular - sized , or 6 smallish people .
Peel and chunk the sweet potato and add to the pot .
Add diced onion .
Follow with the red bell pepper , can of tomatoes , the beans , garlic , and seasonings .
Pour in OJ and water .
Cover and cook on low for 6 - 8 hours , or until the onion is translucent and the sweet potato is fork - tender ( if you want the sweet potato to get really squishy and disappear when stirred , cook longer ) .
The Verdict .
Super tasty .
I loved the sweet smoky flavor this had , and was thrilled at the depth of flavor that came from this spice combination .
The sweet potato and beans were plenty filling , and Adam did n't once mumble that he 'd really like a steak .
My kids ate it , but un-veganized it by adding shredded cheese and sour cream .
I will definitely make this again .
Thank you so much to
The Juice
Healthy diet of Russian cosmonauts ruins NASA 's space toilets
The recent toilet scandal on board the International Space Station became the subject of many news stories all over the world , when US astronauts denied their Russian colleague access to their toilet .
What is going on with space toilets in Earth ’s orbit ?
Healthy diet of Russian cosmonauts ruins NASA 's space toilets
The Russian - made extraterrestrial toilet system does not differ much from its US - made analogue .
The system is designed for both men and women .
Urine is accumulated in a special reservoir , in which it is concentrated with a special solution .
The processed liquid can later be used for technical needs .
Nevertheless , there is a certain difference between the Russian and the US space toilets , which most likely became the reason for the toilet scandal in space .
Until recently , Russian cosmonauts and US astronauts did not distinguish between their toilets and used the one that was closer .
However , the food , which space researchers eat , differs greatly .
The Russian space food is more savoury , more natural and more diverse , which US astronauts acknowledge too .
The menu of the Russian crew has over 300 dishes .
Here is the daily menu of Valery Korzun , the commander :
Breakfast : curds and nuts , mashed potatoes with nuts , apple - quince chip sticks , sugarless coffee and vitamins .
Lunch : jellied pike perch , borsch with meat , goulash with buckwheat , bread , black currant juice , sugarless tea .
Supper : rice and meat , broccoli and cheese , nuts , tea with sugar .
Second supper : dried beef , cashew nuts , peaches , grape juice .
It just so happens that the consistency of fecal matter turns out to be rather thick against the background of such a diet .
The menu of US astronauts is nutritious as well , but it looks more like a diet ration and presumably consists of exotic fruit , vegetables , sea food and low - fat meat .
That is why , their waste is much softer .
Engineers took account of these peculiarities when designing the sewage system for the ISS .
It just so happens that the solid Russian waste ruined the US toilets in space .
The astronauts were sick and tired of toilet breakdowns and unpleasant odors .
NASA was eventually forced to order a toilet system from Russia .
US tax payers paid $ 19 million for the space toilet .
The new construction was installed in the US department of the ISS .
Russia designs best space toilets in the world .
The world - famous mongrel dog , Laika , used the automatic closet in Earth ’s orbit in 1957 .
A special system was designed for the dog to suck her excrement and urine from under the tail .
The system was good only for female dogs , which explains why male dogs never had a chance to fly into space .
Yury Gagarin , first man in space , spent only 1 hour and 48 minutes orbiting the planet .
A human being can do without toilet for such a short period of time .
However , Gagarin had an opportunity to relieve himself in case of emergency on board the spacecraft .
The space experience of USA ’s first astronaut , Alan Shepard , was much less pleasant .
His flight lasted for only 15 minutes .
However , the launch was repeatedly delayed .
Alan had to spend several hours in the capsule and urinated into the spacesuit .
The next US astronaut had to wear a huge diaper .
USSR ’s first orbital toilets were custom - made .
Gherman Titov , Andriyan Nikolayev , Pavel Popovich , Valery Bykovsky and Aleksey Leonov had to have their buttocks measured for their personal toilets .
A research institute in Moscow still has the bronze toilet bowl , which first woman in space Valentina Tereshkova used .
Express Gazeta
Spanish Government Declares War on the Wharfies of Spain - International Day of Action March 10
• IDC encourages affiliated members to reach out to / hold demonstrations at embassies abroad .
Solidarity Rally and Speakout In SF - Hands Off Spanish Dockers And Smash Deregulation and Union Busting
Friday March 10 , 2017 12:00 noon
Spanish Consulate San Francisco
1405 Sutter St .
San Francisco , CA
Initiated By UPWA.info
Den svenska musiktjänsten Spotify arbetar sedan länge med en klient för mobiltelefoner .
Företaget fokuserar på Iphone samt telefoner som bygger på operativsystemen Android och Symbian .
Mobilversionen av Spotify kommer att kosta pengar .
Det bekräftar vd Daniel Ek för Computer Sweden i samband med ett seminarium på onsdagen .
– Ja , det kommer att bli en premiumtjänst , säger han med hänvisning till den redan nu tillgängliga tjänsten för betalande datoranvändare .
Det är ännu oklart när den uppmärksammade mobiltjänsten kommer att bli tillgänglig .
För en tid sedan dök ett filmklipp , där gränssnittet visar på Apples telefon , upp på Youtube .
Satsningen leds av Gustaf Söderström , grundare av Kenet Works och tidigare anställd på Yahoo .
Han började på Spotify i januari .
Mobilsatsningen är bara ett exempel på Spotifys försök att få fler betalande medlemmar .
Sedan en tid lockar företaget med att nya skivor läggs ut i förhand till premiummedlemmar .
Dessutom ska de tredjepartsprodukter som utvecklas med Spotifys plattform i botten bara bli betalprodukter .
Vid onsdagens seminarium visade Spotify även upp sina nya videoannonser .
Det innebär att man nu byggt in stöd för rörlig bild i plattformen , vilket kan tyda på att en satsning på strömmad film , något som många efterfrågat , är under arbete .
Couple Lives With Autism , Comfort of Each Other Both David Hamrick and Lindsey Nebeker are autistic , and in love .
Feb. 25 , 2009  -- David Hamrick , 29 , and Lindsey Nebeker , 27 , look like a typical couple in love , but what 's not apparent is how hard they 've worked to be together .
Hamrick and Nebeker live together in a Jackson , Miss. , apartment , yet they have separate bedrooms , eat meals apart and spend most of their time focused on their own interests .
This unusual setup is how Hamrick and Nebeker , who are both autistic , make their relationship work .
About 1.5 million people in the United States have autism , with varying degrees of severity .
Many people with autism struggle with the most basic social interactions , so finding love may seem like an impossibility .
Hamrick and Nebeker are high - functioning but , since childhood , both have found it difficult to make friends and even harder to keep them .
" All of her socialization had to be learned , usually by hard experience , " said Nebeker 's father , Gordon Nebeker .
Autistic people can also be hypersensitive to touch and sound .
Hamrick can't stand when the room is too warm and cringes at certain sounds ;
Nebeker can't take florescent lights ; and both are profoundly uncomfortable with small talk , said Lynn Harris , who profiled the couple for Glamour magazine .
Learning to Interact with Autism
Despite their difficulties , they both kept trying to reach out and connect with others .
Nebeker learned to make friends by reading Dale Carnegie 's " How to Win Friends and Influence People . "
Hamrick had tried to untangle the rules of dating by reading self - help books .
" No one teaches you to flirt , " said Diane Twactman - Cullen , editor in chief of Autism Spectrum Quarterly .
" Individuals with autism would really be at a loss .
So there might be some missed signals . "
When Hamrick and Nebeker met in 2005 at an autism conference , Hamrick was smitten .
" I pretty much liked everything about her , " he said .
" She was very sweet , easy to talk to , and a good listener . "
But Nebeker was unsure .
" In my early 20s , I had decided I was no longer going to seek a relationship , " she said .
" I was mainly going to focus on my career and my friends that I had been able to make and keep . "
They became friends .
Then one day when they were at a café , Hamrick knew he was making progress when he put his hand on hers .
" My heart was racing , " Hamrick said .
" I was fearful it might not work out the way I had anticipated , but the fact that she did n't pull back and she was able to hold my hand there for at least five minutes , I was very touched by that . "
Living Together With Separate Needs
After two years of dating , they took the huge step of moving in together , despite their unique and separate needs .
Nebeker admits that it seems highly unusual for a typical couple to agree to separate bedrooms .
" We both understood the importance of an individual with autism needing their own space , " she said .
When they are in their apartment , they are rarely together .
Hamrick , a meteorologist , is often in his room on the computer or absorbed in the Weather Channel while Nebeker , a musician , can get lost for hours playing the piano and working on her music .
A romantic dinner for two presents major challenges .
" There are a number of sounds that are unpleasant to me , " Hamrick explained .
" Such as chewing sounds and crunching sounds . "
And Nebeker has many complicated eating rituals .
Her napkin has to be placed just so and her meals prepared in just the right way .
" Sometimes Dave will spontaneously ask , ' Hey , you want to go out for dinner tonight ? '
And I break into sobs and I say , ' I am so sorry , I just can 't .
I just can't , ' " Nebeker said .
The couple 's parents have seen their children struggle with their disorder and are in awe of the way the two care for each other and express their love and devotion .
" Being high functioning is almost more difficult than being low functioning , " said Gordon Nebeker .
" You are so close to there , and yet not quite -- and that is heartbreaking . "
But for all the compromises , the couple 's love story is actually a pretty traditional one , one of deep understanding and acceptance .
" When I have had a bad day at work or just a bad day for some other reason -- and I come home , I do n't even have to say anything , he senses it .
Dave will come up to me and start cuddling up to me and that 's really all I need , " Nebeker said .
" I know that I am with a partner who is not going to judge me for certain eccentricities I have . "
Mr Ahmadinejad made a last public appearance for supporters Campaigning in Iran 's presidential election has ended after three weeks of mass rallies and increasingly acrimonious political rhetoric .
Iranians will head to the polls on Friday to choose between the incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and three rivals .
They are Mohsen Razai , Mehdi Karroubi and the man seen by most observers as main challenger , Mir Hossein Mousavi .
There has been ferocious criticism between candidates , hurling insults and strictures about fraud and dishonesty .
In his final TV appearance , Mr Ahmadinejad accused his opponents of conspiring with Israelis to falsify documents and graphs to discredit him .
His rivals boycotted the chance to appear on TV , after apparently not being offered equal airtime .
Earlier former president and leading cleric Hashemi Rafsanjani urged Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei - who has the final say in all the country 's most important affairs state - to rein in Mr Ahmadinejad .
If one candidate fails to win a 50 % majority in Friday 's vote there will be a run -off between the two front - runners a week later .
' Bottom of history '
Such insults and accusations against the government are a return to Hitler 's methods , to repeat lies and accusations ... until everyone believes those lies
President Ahmadinejad
Power of women in Iran 's election
In pictures : Poll fever Ahmadinejad courts divided Iran Send us your comments
The BBC's Jon Leyne in Tehran says the campaign at first appeared to be relatively dull , but there has been an amazing surge of enthusiasm at rallies since the first of several TV debates .
Speaking to thousands of supporters in Tehran in the last hours of campaigning , President Ahmadinejad accused rivals of lying about the state of the economy and using smear tactics against him .
" Such insults and accusations against the government are a return to Hitler 's methods , to repeat lies and accusations ... until everyone believes those lies , " he said , quoted by local media .
Iranians would " send them to the bottom of history " , he added .
Supporters of Mr Mousavi have decked themselves in green for campaigning Later the president appeared on state TV to respond to Mr Mousavi and another candidate , Mohsen Rezai , who used graphs to criticise his handling of the economy .
He said they had used what he called " Zionist entities " , meaning Israeli companies , to falsify information and undermine his government .
Our correspondent says this is bound to outrage Mr Ahmadinejad 's rivals , who had little chance to respond right at the end of the campaign .
Iran is ruled under a system known as Velayat-e Faqih , or " Rule by the Supreme Jurist " , who is currently Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
It was adopted by an overwhelming majority in 1979 following the Islamic revolution which overthrew the autocratic Western - backed Shah .
But the constitution also stipulates that the people are the source of power and the country holds phased presidential and parliamentary elections every four years .
All candidates are vetted by the powerful conservative - controlled Guardian Council , which also has the power to veto legislation it deems inconsistent with revolutionary principles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The PlayStation 3 has kept access to Hulu even without PlayOn or other workaround while others were blocked -- with the exception of its own remote friendly desktop software -- thanks to its browser 's Flash support , but this morning multiple users have reported the above message indicating " Unfortunately , this video is not available on your platform .
We apologize for any inconvenience . "
Some odd glitch related to the recent 2.80 firmware update or other temporary problem , or is this the latest platform to get the Boxee treatment when trying to bring streaming video to TV screens ?
We 've reached out to Hulu for an explanation but so far , have n't heard a response .
Interestingly , the Hulu TOS was just updated as of June 26 , and although we have n't found any PS3 - specific passages , changing a browser 's user - string to match the console reveals it is definitely being specifically blocked .
[ Thanks Sev , and to Tyler from FormatWarCentral.com for the picture ]
As first described in our forums , Apple seems to have quietly downgraded the SATA Interface from 3.0 Gbit to 1.5 Gbit speeds in some of the new MacBook Pros introduced last week .
Readers are reporting that both the new 13 " and 15 " MacBook Pro models are affected while the 13 " MacBook ( white ) , 17 " MacBook Pro and 13 " MacBook Air retain the 3.0 Gbit SATA interface .
SATA is the interface between a computer and its hard drives .
The slower SATA interface is unlikely to affect the bulk of users as even the fastest traditional hard drives are unable to saturate even the 1.5 Gbit interfaces .
However , if you are planning on buying a fast Solid State Drive ( SSD ) , it could affect the drive 's performance .
The downgrade of the interface in the new MacBook Pro has also been confirmed in early benchmarks using a fast enough SSD .
Forum user fpnc provides an excellent summary of the findings so far :
1. ) It appears nearly certain that the new 13 " and 15 " MacBook Pros are all reporting a SATA interface running at 1.5 Gb and not the faster 3.0 Gb rate that has been in pretty common use for the last few years .
These new models have the Secure Digital ( SD ) slot and also appear to have redesigned motherboards .
2. ) Those who are using standard hard disk drives will probably see no difference in performance .
If that is you , you can stop reading now .
3. ) Benchmarks on FAST solid - state drives ( SSDs ) are showing a decrease in RAW disk i/o transfer rates on these same systems ( in comparison to the previous generation MacBook Pros and MacBooks ) .
4. ) The largest differences in the benchmark results seem to be in large , sequential disk READS ( one of the traditional strengths with SSDs ) .
5. ) To the best of my knowledge , no one has done any test with REAL - WORLD operations to show that the user experience ( i.e. " performance " ) will be decreased with the 1.5 Gb SATA interface .
That is to say that thus far we 've only seen benchmarks done with RAW disk i/o benchmarking tools .
6. ) No one really knows why this has been done and no one knows whether it can be fixed with a software / firmware update ( it may or may not be able to be fixed ) .
While there is a lot of speculation about if this could be " corrected " by software in the future , there are no definitive answers .
At a minimum , it should serve as a caution for those customers who were planning on upgrading to fast SSD drives in their new 13 " or 15 " MacBook Pros .
While you may still see performance benefits over traditional hard drives , the total benefit may be blunted .
Most users have no time to browse through thousands of resources , read ( often obscure ) forums , and search for best tools to accomplish a certain task .
That 's why here at Mashable we 've long held the belief that collections of various online resources are real time - savers for our readers .
The folks at Firefox seem to be on the same page , and thus they introduced a new feature : Firefox Add - on collections .
Let 's say you want to interact with the various social networks directly from Firefox .
You can try out the different plugins one by one , but now you can also install an entire Firefox collection of add - ons called the Social Circuit , which contains 16 social add - ons .
New collections can be created by anyone and shared with their friends ; you can browse them on the Collection Directory , and you 're currently able to filter them by popularity , or you can browse through the Editor 's picks .
To create your own collection you must register on Firefox 's site ; after that , creating a collection is quite easy : choose a name , and pick which add - ons you want to be in your collection .
Collections go hand in hand with the Add - on Collector , a special extension which turns your favorite collections into subscriptions .
It 'll notify you when new add - ons are published to one of your collections , and it also allows you to share add - ons with friends , publish add - ons to your collection , and set up a collection to be automatically updated in your Firefox .
Check out a video introduction to add - on collections below .
Profile : Kim Jong - un North Korea 's leader Kim Jong -il has designated his youngest son to be the country 's next leader , according to reports in South Korean media .
Two newspapers and an opposition lawmaker said South Korea 's spy agency had briefed legislators on the move .
North Korean officials were reportedly told to support Kim Jong - un after the North 's 25 May nuclear test .
There has been much speculation over who would follow Mr Kim , who is thought to have suffered a stroke last year .
Analysts have said the North 's recent military actions , including last week 's nuclear test , may have been aimed at helping Mr Kim solidify power so that he could name a successor .
See Kim Jong - il 's family tree
The reports in the Hankook Ilbo and Dong -a Ilbo newspapers quoted unnamed members of South Korea 's parliamentary intelligence committee briefed by the National Intelligence Service , although the spy agency refused to confirm the reports .
There have been months of speculation over who would succeed Mr Kim The Associated Press news agency reported that opposition legislator Park Jie-won , a member of the parliament 's intelligence committee , told local radio he had been briefed by the government on the North 's move .
Mr Park said the regime is " pledging allegiance to Kim Jong - un " , it reported .
Little is known about Kim Jong - il 's youngest son , who is thought to have been born in 1983 or early 1984 .
The Dong-a Ilbo added that the North is teaching its people a song lauding Kim Jong - un - who reportedly enjoys skiing and studied English , German and French at a Swiss school .
Nuclear concern
There is no confirmed photograph of him as an adult .
Questions have also been raised over whether his late mother , a Japanese - born professional dancer called Ko Yong - hui , was Kim Jong - il 's official wife or mistress .
The youngest Kim has been reported as being the son who most resembles his father .
The BBC's Seoul correspondent , Chris Hogg , says it is not the first time there has been speculation that the youngest son was being groomed to succeed his father .
There were reports he had been named as his successor in January .
In April the South Korean news agency , Yonhap , said he had joined the North 's powerful National Defence Commission .
Our correspondent notes that in a society that values seniority his youth could be a problem .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Some analysts have urged caution , noting that in the absence of much verifiable information coming out of North Korea , there is a wealth of speculation and rumour .
" We had rumours in September , October that it will be Chang Song - taek , Kim Jong - il 's brother - in - law , then briefly there were rumours about his second son , then stories about his third son , " Andrei Lankov of the Australian National University in Seoul told our correspondent .
" Every few months we have a new wave of rumours . "
Who will eventually rule the nuclear - armed North has been the focus of intense media speculation since leader Mr Kim , 67 , reportedly suffered a stroke last August .
The last succession was settled 20 years before the death of the Great Leader Kim Il - sung in 1994 , and publicly announced at a party congress in 1980 .
The reports of the naming of the next leader come amid growing international concern over the North 's nuclear programme and its recent missile tests .
South Korea has deployed a high - speed patrol boat armed with missiles to its disputed western maritime border with the North .
It follows reports that the North has moved a long - range missile to a launch site on the west coast .
Meanwhile , at the end of a two - day summit , South Korean President Lee Myung - bak and leaders from the Association of South East Asian Nations ( Asean ) condemned North Korea 's recent nuclear test and missile launches .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
HBO 's new series Hung , which debuted Sunday night , said Reed Johnson in the Los Angeles Times , is not just about a down - on - his - luck ex-jock " with a big penis who decides to become a gigolo . "
It 's also " about the fraying of the American dream and the battered resiliency of the middle class . "
And the setting could n't be more perfect : Detroit , " ground zero of declining Rust Belt America , the symbol of a nation in economic mid-life crisis . " ( watch a trailer for Hung )
Hung is a " darkly funny " show " about existentialism and small town American dreams , " said Tim Goodman in the Houston Chronicle , which is part of its problem .
Although the show 's universe is inhabited by a group of " likable lost souls , " viewers may find themselves " disappointed " that the show is n't " more salacious . "
Not only that , said Verne Gay in Newsday.com , but do we really need another show " about the collapse of the American dream and absurd measures that some of the fallen must go to " to pull themselves up ?
We already have Weeds and Breaking Bad , and Sam Mendes ' movie American Beauty came out a decade ago .
Hung offers nothing new .
BBC audiences in Iran , the Middle East and Europe may be experiencing disruption to their BBC TV or radio services today .
That is because there is heavy electronic jamming of one of the satellites the BBC uses in the Middle East to broadcast the BBC Persian TV signal to Iran .
Satellite technicians have traced that interference and it is coming from Iran .
There has been intermittent interference from Iran since Friday , but this is the heaviest yet .
It seems to be part of a pattern of behaviour by the Iranian authorities to limit the reporting of the aftermath of the disputed election .
In Tehran , John Simpson and his cameraman were briefly arrested after they had filmed the material for this piece .
And at least one news agency in Tehran has come under pressure not to distribute internationally any pictures it might have of demonstrations on the streets in Iran .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
However , the availability of witness material from Iran is enabling international news organisations to be able to report the story .
Viewers of BBC Persian TV have been in touch ( in Farsi ) , sending videos , stills and providing personal accounts .
It is important that what is happening in Iran is reported to the world , but it is even more vital that citizens in Iran know what is happening .
That is the role of the recently - launched BBC Persian TV which is fulfilling a crucial role in being a free and impartial source of information for many Iranians .
Any attempt to block this channel is wrong and against international treaties on satellite communication .
Whoever is attempting the blocking should stop it now .
Peter Horrocks is the director of BBC World Service .
Dan Pinkston pointed out this gem from KCNA :
Taedonggang Beer
Pyongyang , June 25 ( KCNA ) —
The beers including black beer and rice beer made by the Taedonggang Beer Factory are these days popular with the Pyongyang citizens .
Beer houses are crowed with working people who look pleased with their successes in the current 150 - day campaign .
It was Juche 91 ( 2002 ) that the just built Taedonggang Beer Factory began supplying beer to the citizens .
The cold and soft Taedonggang beer rich in gas content immediately came into great favor among the customers by catering to their tastes .
Its fermentation degree is 77.5 percent .
The beer houses distributed rationally in residential quarters regularly serve beer carried to them directly from the factory .
The refrigerator vans carrying beer have a traffic privilege on the streets of Pyongyang like cars carrying soybean milk to children .
The citizens call Taedonggang beer “ cold yet warm beer ” as it is associated with the warm care of General Secretary Kim Jong
Il for the people .
Dear Colleagues :
The Associated Press has reported the following story :
( AP ) A 23 - year - old woman who got a friend to kill her Jack Russell terrier was charged with skinning the puppy to make a belt out of its hide .
Krystal Lynn Lewis and Austin Michael Mullins , 26 , were being held Friday in the Muskogee County jail on $ 25,000 bail each .
They were charged with one felony count of cruelty to animals .
“ We ’re talking about a 6 - or 7 - week - old defenseless puppy , ” said sheriff ’s deputy George Roberson .
“ That ’s pretty heinous and sadistic . ”
A Muskogee County judge ordered a mental competency hearing for Lewis .
Lewis wanted the puppy , named Poplin , killed because it was a gift from a female ex-lover with whom she does n’t get along , said Muskogee County sheriff ’s deputy George Roberson .
Roberson said Mullins shot the terrier 10 times with a . 22 - caliber pistol .
Lewis skinned the animal at her apartment and nailed the hide to a board .
It was obviously wrong to kill the dog to make a belt ( or for any other purpose ) .
But what about the cows and other nonhumans who provide the belts or shoes that almost everyone wears ?
In the case of the dog , we charge a felony and set bail at $ 25,000 .
In the case of the cow , we do n’t give the matter a second thought .
Why do n’t we see both as “ heinous and sadistic ” ?
This is yet another example of the confused and deluded way that we think about animals .
We need to educate others to get them to see that they should have the same reaction in the case of the cow as they do to that of the dog .
There is no rational explanation or moral justification for a different reaction .
Gary L. Francione
© 2009 Gary L. Francione
Budget woes have Oakland mulling bankruptcy On the East Bay
Ignacio De La Fuente , President Oakland City Council , during the Inaugural Ceremony .
Ron Dellums is scheduled to be publicly sworn in as Oakland 's 48th mayor at the city 's official inaugural ceremony at the Paramount Theatre on Monday , January 8 , 2006 .
less Ignacio De La Fuente , President Oakland City Council , during the Inaugural Ceremony .
Ron Dellums is scheduled to be publicly sworn in as Oakland 's 48th mayor at the city 's official inaugural ceremony at the ... more Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Budget woes have Oakland mulling bankruptcy 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Even though city officials would prefer to avoid a public conversation , behind closed doors the Oakland City Council has discussed filing for bankruptcy protection in the midst of a $ 100 million budget deficit .
" We have asked the ( bankruptcy ) question because we wanted to know the impact , " said District 5 council member Ignacio De La Fuente .
" In closed session , the question has been asked , and an answer was given . "
He would not elaborate .
" It 's a possibility , " he acknowledged .
" Things are that bad . "
Council President Jane Brunner was equally aloof .
She ably acknowledged the city 's dire financial problem while managing to avoid the b-word altogether .
" We 're going to try to avoid it , but am I going to say it would never happen ?
I can't say that , " Brunner said .
Consider the city 's cash position :
Out of next year 's general fund of approximately $ 415 million , police costs are estimated at $ 212 million , fire protection service $ 103 million and $ 41 million in debt service payments .
That leaves about $ 60 million to pay for everything else , from library services to recreation centers to public works .
And that calculation does n't include $ 50 million more in deferred debt service in a budget proposal presented to the council last month by Mayor Ron Dellums .
" We are in the worst recession since 1981 , " said UC Berkeley Professor John Ellwood , an economist who worked in the Congressional Budget Office .
" This recession is a bit different in that it 's being driven by the housing bubble , but as more and more people ask for property - tax reassessments , it 's going to leave a huge funding gap for cities , " Ellwood said .
It 's already begun .
Alameda County Assessor Ron Thomsen said tax assessments fell $ 13.6 billion in the fiscal year that will end June 30 .
" Our assessment roll will go down 2 percent , and we 've never had a year - to - year drop ever in stats going back to 1958 , " he said .
Like a rock rolling downhill , those reduced property - tax revenues will be passed onto cities by a state government facing its own economic calamity created by a mammoth $ 24 billion budget shortfall .
That will leave Oakland , which receives about 15 percent of the county 's annual property - tax revenues , in an even deeper hole .
And with half of 2009 already in the rear view , the estimates on next year 's property tax revenues are even lower , Thomsen added .
For the City Council , which is expected to present more budget options next week , it is the end of the line .
It is faced with three choices : drastic pay reductions across the board , including police and fire services ; massive layoffs ; or bankruptcy .
It has been a great run for municipal employees in Oakland and across the state , who have been the beneficiaries of one of the most generous civil service systems in the nation .
Since the late 1940s , California municipal governments traditionally have employed fewer employees , who have been paid substantially more than other civil servants , Ellwood said .
Add to the economic mix the union labor contracts in Oakland , which have provided city employees with high wages , good benefits and generous pension plans , and the problem is clear .
Barring a substantial cash transfusion in federal aid , the Oakland Police Department will lose close to 200 officers next fall unless Dellums , who 's in Washington , D.C. , this week , succeeds in securing more than $ 60 million over the next three years .
A federal grant in any amount would help maintain the minimum requirement of 739 sworn officers .
Any Oakland resident will gladly tell you that the possible loss of 200 police officers on the streets of this city is a bone - chilling thought .
If Dellums was ever serious about his plan to bankroll the city with his clout on Capitol Hill and in foundation board rooms , now would be the time to call in all his markers .
Because in the absence of a federal bailout package , De La Fuente said no formula for success would be achieved without making cuts to the Police and Fire departments .
If the city adopts Dellums ' budget recommendation and lays off 140 police officers , it would dip below the minimum requirement of 739 officers and would trigger the loss of bond - measure funds that pays the salaries of an additional 63 police officers .
Adding further woes to the budget , the police officers have negotiated a 4 percent pay raise scheduled to kick in July 1 .
Given the city 's economic limits , De La Fuente said the city can't honor the pay raise and maintain the force at its current size .
" We 're required to give them the ( salary ) increase , but it will require us to do other things within the budget to achieve the savings we need , " he said .
Ryad Dyor is a true wonder that will fulfill all your needs and dreams .
Be ready to live a Moroccan fantasy , and experience the highest comfort in this amazing boutique riad in Marrakech .
Located by the brightly colored markets in the Marrakech Medina , with the first souks and all the popular sites of Marrakech City right on the doorstep .
Ryad Dyor is a magical gem of tranquility amidst the hustle and bustle of the city .
Manage Your Mixed Linux Environment and easily migrate from Red Hat Enterprise Linux to SUSE Linux Enterprise by combining SUSE Manager with SUSE Linux Enterprise Server with Expanded Support​ .
SUSE Manager seamlessly manages multiple Linux distributions , including SUSE Linux Enterprise Server and Red Hat Enterprise Linux , enabling you to confidently manage your workload migration . ​
Many in the LGBT community are growing increasingly frustrated with Barack Obama 's inaction on LGBT issues , and what is being seen as his administrations anti-gay decisions and actions .
The Gay Liberation Network will be protesting President Obama on Monday June 15th at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago .
Protesters are mad that Obama continues to enforce the Don't Ask Don't Tell Policy barring gays from serving openly in the military .
They are also outraged that the administration defended the Defense of Marriage Act in courts using some ridiculous claims and marriage equality opposition tactics .
Some are also still mad about his giving a platform to anti-gay people like Rick Warren and Donnie McClurkin .
The GLN demands that President Obama :
* Repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and come out for marriage equality
* Repeal Don't Ask / Do n't Tell
* Legalize readily accessible needle exchanges to reduce HIV / AIDS transmission
* End faith - based initiative funding which allows for religious groups to discriminate against LGBT people
PROTEST President Obama 's visit to Chicago :
10:30 AM – 12 noon
Monday , June 15
Hyatt Regency Hotel
151 E. Wacker Drive
( one block east of Michigan Avenue )
Info : LGBTliberation@aol.com
Russian Scientist : UFO Crashed Into Meteorite to Save Earth
Wednesday , May 27 , 2009
ADVERTISEMENT
Did a UFO deliberately crash into a meteor to save Earth 100 years ago ?
That 's what one Russian scientist is claiming .
Dr. Yuri Labvin , president of the Tunguska Spatial Phenomenon Foundation , insists that an alien spacecraft sacrificed itself to prevent a gigantic meteor from slamming into the planet above Siberia on June 30 , 1908 .
The result was was the Tunguska event , a massive blast estimated at 15 megatons that downed 80 million trees over nearly 100 square miles .
Eyewitnesses reported a bright light and a huge shock wave , but the area was so sparsely populated no one was killed .
Most scientists think the blast was caused by a meteorite exploding several miles above the surface .
But Labvin thinks quartz slabs with strange markings found at the site are remnants of an alien control panel , which fell to the ground after the UFO slammed into the giant rock .
" We do n't have any technologies that can print such kind of drawings on crystals , " Labvin told the Macedonian International News Agency .
" We also found ferrum silicate that can not be produced anywhere , except in space . "
• Click here to read more from the Macedonian International News Agency .
• Click here to visit FOXNews.com 's Space Center .
Mr. Thurston is Phillip R. Shriver Professor of History , Miami University , Oxford , Ohio .
He is author , among other works , of The Witch Hunts : A History of the Witch Persecutions in Europe and North America ( Pearson / Longman , 2007 ) .
Recent comments on torture pay inadequate attention to the history of the practice .
Observers have long noted that torture does not work ; it does not elicit the truth , nor does it provide solid evidence of anything .
Saint Augustine thought that the idea of extracting a true confession from a felon by torture was “ absurd . ”
A Church Synod held in Rome in 384 denounced the use of torture in secular courts , while in the sixth century Pope Gregory I ordered ecclesiastical tribunals not to accept any statement made under torture .
Louis IX of France ( ruled 1226-1270 ) held that torture should not be used on his subjects .
The Inquisition , begun in the thirteenth century , allowed torture only after a heretic had been convicted by other evidence , and then only to fill in gaps in testimony or to learn the names of other suspected heretics .
Of course , individual inquisitors often broke the rules .
In the eleventh century , European continental secular courts began to allow judges to order torture when other “ indications ” – for example a bloody knife that fit the wounds in a dead body–were linked to an accused person .
During the witch hunts , roughly 1500 - 1700 , local jurisdictions often violated even that simple requirement .
A bad reputation , a squint , or a “ gobber tooth , ” as one English cleric put it , could put someone accused of witchcraft into the hands of a torturer .
Since a confession served as the “ queen of proofs , ” officials often took the low road of inflicting pain to extort an avowal of guilt .
By the eighteenth century , judicial torture decreased , partly because of the rise of punishments less final than maiming or death ; these were the galleys and more permanent prisons .
Since sentences could be undone , less than the “ final ” proof of confessions now served for convictions .
More important in torture ’s decline was a chorus of objections to the practice itself .
In his essay “ On the Lame , ” 1588 , Michel de Montaigne indicated his belief in witches and the devil , yet understood that evidence for the practice of witchcraft was defective .
It was wrong to execute people on the basis of testimony , however obtained , that they had flown to a witches ’ sabbat and committed evil deeds on the devil ’s orders .
“ After all , it is placing a very high value on one ’s conjectures to burn a man alive because of them , ” he continued .
In 1621 the French jurist Bernard de la Roche Flavin proclaimed torture “ a dangerous invention . ”
He asked , “ What would people not say or do to avoid such great pain ? ”
Flavin realized that under torture people said what they thought their tormentors wanted to hear .
The German Jesuit Friedrich Spee von Lagenfeld , a confessor to tortured and convicted “ witches , ” became an outspoken opponent of torture .
In 1631 , Spee denounced the violence inflicted upon “ countless innocents daily . ”
Anyone could be made to confess ; torture had been “ all powerful ” in the witch hunts .
Other writers of the same period remarked that torture tested only an individual ’s ability to withstand pain .
My work on the European witch hunts and the Soviet Terror of the 1930s underscores the views of early modern critics .
“ Torture ” evokes for me thousands of women forced to say that they flew instantly to sabbats and that they fornicated there with the devil and killed and ate babies .
I picture young Soviet engineers , dedicated to their jobs but made to “ confess ” that they had sabotaged steel production .
Those broken people almost invariably said what they thought their tormenters wanted to hear .
The uselessness , even dysfunctionality , of torture eventually became clear during both the witch hunts and Soviet Terror .
Sometimes torture caused the hunt for enemies to spiral out of authorities ’ control .
In 1585 the magistrates at Rottenburg , Germany , after burning more than twenty females since 1578 , remarked that there would soon be no women left in the town .
A French woman about to be executed for witchcraft in 1601 exclaimed , “ What is this , they say that every woman is a witch ! ”
In 1937 , all 32 Soviet butter experts who returned from a trip abroad to study dairy production were arrested and charged with espionage .
Only 17 of the top 170 executives in one network of coal mines had held their positions more than one year in October 1938 ; 126 had been in their posts five months or less .
The Communist Party all but ceased to exist in the countryside , its membership was so reduced by the Terror .
In February of 1938 , Andrei Vyshinskii , procurator - general of the USSR , whose reputation as prosecutor in the Moscow show trials of 1936 - 38 will forever mark him as repugnant , began to condemn the use of torture in memoranda to other Soviet officials .
He mentioned beatings , forcing arrestees to stand for long periods , and “ direct fabrication of cases . ”
In March the Procuracy Council , under Vyshinskii ’s direction , referred to widespread “ beating of honest Soviet people . ”
By the fall , many memoirs and other accounts show , torture had become a rarity .
Despite the recent promotion by Dick Cheney and others of torture as a route to the prevention of terrorism , no evidence supports his view .
A notable example in opposition to his view is the finding by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel that for the period 1990 - 99 , no credible evidence demonstrates that physical coercion helped avert a terrorist attack .
In 2007 the Committee concluded that the idea of finding a “ ticking bomb ” by torturing prisoners was merely a convenient cover that allowed government agents to continue using extreme physical abuse .
There will always be people who advocate torture as somehow a necessary and non-naive approach to the most evil enemies of order and civilization .
The historian Andrew Roberts has taken this position .
He has argued that British torture somehow convinced “ 19 hard - bitten Nazi spies ” that the Allied invasion of France would proceed through Calais , thus saving thousands of soldiers ’ lives when the Germans positioned their troops in that area , not in Normandy .
Roberts does not explain how someone can be tortured into believing a false story–and why would n’t these men have changed their “ testimony ” as soon as they were released , as many “ witches ” and Soviet citizens did ?
Finally , Roberts states that former British counter - intelligence officers “ never . . . would have revealed precisely how the Abwehr agents were turned . ”
Once more , no evidence .
Torture may “ work ” on a battlefield when used on freshly captured prisoners , to learn if new units have been brought into combat .
Even then , the value of information obtained decreases minute by minute .
For all other cases , torture is simply a favorite of self - styled tough guys and women who believe that they know better than others how hard it is to deal with reality .
The historical record shows that they do not .
George Tiller was shot to death as he walked into Reform Lutheran Church in Wichita , Kansas ; 10 a.m. Sunday , May 31 , 2009 .
Dr. Tiller has been performing abortions since 1973 , often for women carrying fetuses so badly damaged that , if carried to term , had no possibility of survival .
Some were young adolescents who did not know they were pregnant or had been so ashamed they felt they could tell no one .
He was one of a few doctors in the country that women in need of abortions after 20 weeks could go to when their lives and pregnancies were on the line .
Just two short months ago , Tiller could breathe a sigh of relief when he was acquitted of 19 misdemeanor counts stemming from abortions he performed in 2003 .
Tiller had escaped death in 1993 when he was shot in both arms by anti-abortion extremist Rachelle Shannon ( who was sentenced to eleven years in prison for attempted murder ) .
Shannon insisted at her trial that she had done no wrong and , since Dr. Tiller went back to work performing abortions the next day , she would have gone back to the clinic to do whatever she could to stop the murder of the babies .
We do not yet know whether Dr. Tiller ’s shooter was an anti-abortion extremist , but it is pretty likely .
Five abortion providers have been shot to death — all of them by anti-abortion extremists .
The last time a provider of abortion services was murdered was in October 1998 , when Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home near Buffalo , New York .
Other murdered providers include two young clinic staff at Preterm in Boston , Shannon Lowney and Leanne Nichols , in 1994 ; Dr. John Britton in Pensacola , Florida in the same year ; and Dr. David Gunn in 1993 .
The National Abortion Federation lists other physicians who have been shot and injured either at home or near their clinics between 1994 and 1997 .
These murders and shootings ( as well as hundreds of incidences of fire bombings and violence at abortion clinics ) took place in the aftermath of a long campaign by Operation Rescue and its founder Randall Terry , who challenged anti-abortion activists with the rallying cry : “ If you believe abortion is murder , act like it . ”
Terry claimed that he wanted to build a “ Christian nation . ”
He ’s jumped from conservative denominations several times , either leaving or being thrown out ; in 2005 he converted to Catholicism , and met with Pope John Paul II and more recently with Cardinal Burke in Rome .
Now , Terry never killed an abortion provider , but his anti-abortion frame — which includes hypotheticals such as “ would n’t it have been okay to kill Hitler if you knew you could save millions of Jews ? ” — has certainly been cited as inspiration by others who have .
Paul Hill , who murdered Dr. Britton , was an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church of America ( he was excommunicated for his calls to violence on abortion in 1993 ) .
Shortly before Michael Griffin shot Dr. Gunn , he attended services at Whitfield Assembly of God church in Pensacola , a congregation that regularly picketed local abortion clinics and was supportive of Terry ’s admonition to act as you would if you really believed abortion were murder .
He asked the congregation to join him in praying for David Gunn ’s soul , then went out and shot him .
In most cases , after these murders and calls by pro-choice leaders that mainstream anti-abortion leaders stand up and unequivocally condemn such violence , both secular groups and religious bodies issued weak criticism .
Helen Alvare , the Catholic Bishops ’ spokesperson on abortion at the time of Gunn ’s killing went on ABC ’s Nightline and defended the Bishops ’ statement on the killing .
The statement compared the violence of murder with the violence of abortion .
The only other guest was Paul Hill , who later shot Dr. Britton .
Ted Koppel described Paul Hill ’s advocacy of murdering doctors as raising a “ very , very difficult moral question . ”
Perhaps the domination of religious discourse in the ’80s and ’90s by anti-abortion groups like the Christian Coalition , Moral Majority , and US Catholic Bishops has contributed to commentators like Koppel losing their minds and moral compasses .
And many said at the time ( this writer included ) , that when people are treated to an unrelenting barrage of religious claims that abortion is murder , that doctors who perform abortion should be charged with crimes and sent to prison , and when pickets outside clinics pray the rosary and display mangled fetuses on crosses as if they were Jesus Christ himself , some nuts are going to do what Terry suggested and kill the “ baby killers . ”
Perhaps nuts are just nuts and will do what they do whether or not some religious leaders provide a moral frame for immoral acts and others remain silent .
Frustration at not getting your way leads people to do and say terrible things .
To a considerable extent , groups like Operation Rescue have become marginal over the last ten years , but in some quarters , murder and abortion are still equated , and in the case of Dr. Tiller ( whose name provided an unfortunate rhyming quality ) , no insult was out of bounds .
When Dr. Tiller went on trial in March , Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council headlined his blog “ Court Decides fate of Serial Tiller . ”
And , as control of abortion discourse moves to the moderate center with the President ’s combined message in favor of women ’s moral agency and reducing the need for abortion , the far right feels it has lost the moral high ground .
In a column on Obama ’s commencement speech at Notre Dame , Ann Coulter quipped : “ How about having the president throw out the ceremonial first fetus like on opening day in baseball . ”
With the anti-abortion and anti-family planning administration of George Bush history , and an Obama administration clearly taking an approach that undercuts any effort to talk about abortion itself ( focusing instead on preventing unintended pregnancy ) , we may well see frustrated anti-abortionists take to the streets .
The National Abortion Federation has reported that violence at clinics is on the rise .
It is now eleven years since a doctor , clinic escort , or 22 - year - old bright - eyed clinic receptionist has been shot and killed .
For Dr. Tiller , the violence never subsided .
His clinic was regularly picketed ; he was harassed with lawsuits organized by anti-abortion groups .
It is absolutely amazing that he continued to do his work , to help very desperate and frightened women .
Now he is dead , gunned down on his way to church .
Let us hope that no one compares his murder to abortion .
In fact , if there is one thing those in the religious community must do to prevent a return to the days when such comparisons were discussable in polite company , it is to make clear that the world ’s religions do not consider abortion murder .
Dr. Tiller saved women ’s lives ; this is not a debatable point .
One of the most contentious elements of President Obama 's tax plan is his definition of " wealthy . "
Associated Press
His tax rate was 79 % .
His plan calls for raising the marginal tax rate to 39.6 % from 36 % on those earning $ 200,000 or more .
The proposal has elicited howls from conservatives who argued that $ 200,000 does n't count as wealthy --...
But last Thursday , the Treasury auction was . . . well , descriptions vary from " weak " to " horrible " .
This raises the unpleasant possibility that markets are , as my business school professors insisted , " forward looking " .
Voters may believe that getting a bunch of special interests to agree in principal that costs should be cut is the same thing as actually cutting costs .
Bond markets do n't .
That 's why James Carville famously wanted to be reincarnated as the bond markets so he could " intimidate everyone " .
But the problems faced by Clinton were modest -- moderately higher interest rates , possibly , for ordinary borrowers .
The Obama administration is trying to borrow 13 % of GDP this year .
If bond markets think future deficits are a problem , they can rapidly push up rates to the point where that borrowing becomes unaffordable .
And if they do , it will be clear that they are pricing in that ugly , ugly CBO graph :
Obama can assure voters that he inherited these deficits .
But bond markets pay closer attention to the fact that Obama has already increased the projected deficit he inherited by 50 % :
The White House raised the 2009 budget deficit projection to a staggering $ 1.8 trillion today .
For context , it took President Bush more than seven years to accumulate $ 1.8 trillion in debt .
It also means that 45 cents of every dollar Washington spends this year will be borrowed .
President Obama continues to distance himself from this " inherited " budget deficit .
But the day he was inaugurated , the 2009 deficit was forecast at $ 1.2 trillion -- meaning $ 600 billion has already been added during his four - month presidency ( an amount that , by itself , would exceed all 2001 - 07 annual budget deficits ) .
And should the president really be allowed to distance himself from the $ 1.2 trillion " inherited " portion of the deficit , given that as a senator he supported nearly all policies and bailouts that created it ?
The president also talks of cutting the deficit in half from this bloated level .
But even after the recession ends and the troops return home , he 'd still run $ 1 trillion deficits -- compared to President Bush 's $ 162 billion pre-recession deficit .
In other words , the structural budget deficit ( which excludes the impacts of booms / recessions ) would more than quintuple .
Obama 's spending is not the only reason the deficits are so big -- not by a long shot .
But he is using the sticker shock to slide in big spending plans without paying for them .
And while the US can certainly afford one $ 1.4 trillion year , it probably cannot afford 10 $ 600 + billion years .
As private credit markets recover , government credit markets will start to reflect that reality .
That 's not to say that disaster is at hand .
Obviously , I am not fond of all the new spending plans , so I ( and you ) should be mindful of a possible tendency towards wishful thinking .
And this is early days -- sometimes a bad bond auction is just a bad bond auction .
But I imagine that Larry Summers had at least one sleepless night .
Trade of Belarus with Russia dropped by 50 % 26.02.2009 , 16:20
In the beginning of this year turnover between Belarus and Russia dropped by 40 - 50 % as compared to the same period of the last year .
It has been stated by the first deputy minister of Belarusian Foreign Ministry Ihar Petryshenka at the meeting with head of working groups of the “ national assembly ” of Belarus on cooperation with parliaments of foreign states .
“ Unfortunately , summing up the results of January , the turnover with Russia has dropped by 40 - 50 % as compared to January - February last year , due to objective causes and sometime internal reasons , ” Ihar Petryshenka noted .
Speaking about the state of trade and economic relations with the European Union , the first deputy minister of Belarusian Foreign Ministry noted that in the conditions of the economic crisis “ everyone is trying to defend one ’s economy ” .
“ We are taking steps for the consequences of the crisis not to be so heavy , ” Petryshenka said .
As said by him , “ there is no county in the world today which is not affected by the global economic and financial crisis ” .
“ It is particularly felt in our country with its export - oriented economy , ” said the first deputy Foreign minister said .
The Charter ’97 comment : According to official statistics , the GDP in Belarus in January allegedly grew by 2 % .
However , the total cost of ready products stock is 6 trillion Br , or 84.6 % of the average month volume of production as compared to 50.2 % as of February 1 , 2008 .
Albert Park circuit in Melbourne mainly uses public roads , and the whole track has been photographed by Google Street View , giving us a ground - level view of the circuit where the 2009 F1 season begins next week .
Here ’s a corner - by - corner look at the Albert Park Circuit .
You can navigate a lap of the Melbourne circuit yourself using Google Street View here : Albert Park , Melbourne on Google Street View .
More on Albert Park , Melbourne
Thanks to Al for the tip !
Images ( C ) Google
CHICAGO – Bar owner Geno Zaharakis sat one busy evening at the window of his gay nightclub , watching as groups of straight women celebrating bachelorette parties made their way along a strip of bars in Chicago 's gay - friendly " Boystown " neighbourhood .
That 's when he made a decision now posted for all to see : " No Bachelorette Parties . ''
Though the small sign has been there for years , it 's suddenly making a big statement amid the national debate over gay marriage .
While most gay bars continue to welcome the raucous brides to be , Zaharakis 's bar Cocktail is fighting for what he sees as a fundamental right , and his patrons – along with some peeved bachelorettes – are taking notice .
" I 'm totally losing money because of it , but I do n't want the money , " Zaharakis said .
" I would rather not have the money than host an event I did n't believe in . ''
Gay bars are popular with bachelorettes , both for the over - the - top drag shows that some offer and for the ability to let loose in a place where women are unlikely to be groped or ogled .
Some bars welcome the women and their free spending , even advertising weekend shows .
Zaharakis , though , instructs his bouncers to turn away groups of women sporting beads , boas , tiaras and phallic plastic necklaces .
His customers say they like knowing they 're not going to encounter such displays .
" It is throwing it in our face that they can get married and we can't , " said Dion Contreras , a 29 - year - old Chicago litigation manager , while having a drink at Cocktail with friends .
" I just think they 're ignorant to our situation .
I want women to think twice about this issue . ''
When Zaharakis posted the sign in 2004 , it got a little local attention , but it was mostly the surprised bachelorettes turned away at the door who took note .
The November passage of California 's gay marriage ban Proposition 8 , though , helped sparked chatter about the ban on Internet blogs , which in turn attracted more media attention and debate .
The California Supreme Court upheld the state ban last month .
Six states have legalized gay marriage .
Some of the biggest proponents of gay marriage are n't on board with Zaharakis ' approach .
Evan Wolfson , executive director of Freedom to Marry , said while he agrees with Zaharakis ' stand on marriage equality , he would express it differently .
" I 'd rather invite people in , " Wolfson said .
" Celebrate their happiness and ask them to take a stand for us by helping change the law . ''
And Ed Yohnka of the American Civil Liberties Union of Illinois – well - known for fighting for the legalization of gay marriage – says the ban may violate state anti-discrimination laws .
" The way is not to bar or discriminate against or harass other people , " Yohnka said .
In Washington D.C. , when bachelorette partygoers enter the gay bar Town Danceboutique they 're asked to sign a petition in support of gay marriage .
Owner Ed Bailey sends the petitions to the customer 's representative in Congress .
Bailey says in the year he's had his petition policy , no one has refused to sign .
" That 's the way to handle it instead of alienating all these people , " Bailey said .
" You have to get the consensus built out there .
Why not try to convince people , ' Hey , why would n't you support this ? '''
Down the street from Chicago 's Cocktail , another gay nightclub , Circuit , welcomes bachelorettes .
Owner Jeff Binninger does n't think the women 's antics are meant to hurt anyone .
" The girls want to come and see the dancers , " Binninger said .
`` I do n't think it's on their mind at all , ' We can get married and , oh , you can 't . '
I do n't think the girls are malicious in their intent . ''
Where Zaharakis took offense , Binninger saw a market niche and started producing the male revue " Sinzation " on Saturday nights , advertised specifically to bachelorette parties .
One recent Saturday night , 25 - year - old Tiffany Casto of Canton , Mich. , and eight girlfriends waited for the male dancers to start the show .
Casto wore a hot pink feather boa , while her friends had matching white sunglasses , reflecting the dozen disco balls spinning from the ceiling as Beyonce 's " Single Ladies " played .
" I would n't think I 'm flaunting it at all , " Casto said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But Zaharakis is standing firm .
At Cocktail , where about once a month staff turn away bachelorettes , the sign will stay .
And for those who ask about it , he 's ready with a written statement : ``Until same - sex marriage is legal everywhere and same - sex couples are allowed the rights as every heterosexual couple worldwide , we simply do not think it 's fair or just for a female bride - to - be to celebrate her upcoming nuptials here at Cocktail . ''
" I 'm not going to tell anybody about how to run their business , " Zaharakis said .
" This is just how I run mine .
The political climate has made it more charged .
We 're standing up in our factions and groups and making statements about how this should stop . ''
Aloitteleva motoristi on todennäköisesti liikkeellä liian isossa kypärässä , liian suuressa takissa ja liian lyhyissä housuissa .
Suomalaismoottoripyöräilijät satsaavat usein vääränlaisiin ajovarusteisiin .
Moottoripyöräharrastuksessa ajovarusteiden turvallisuus korostuu yleensä iän ja varsinkin kokemuksen myötä .
Aloitteleva motoristi tekee yleensä aloittelijan virheet hyvästä tahdosta tai opastamisesta huolimatta .
Lähes kaikilla moottoripyöräilijöillä ensimmäinen kypärä on liian väljä ja takki lepattaa .
Surkeimmassa asemassa ovat ne , jotka eivät kesäkeleillä käytä ajovarusteita ollenkaan .
Kaatumisen seurauksena on ikävä asfaltti-ihottuma tai jotain vielä pahempaa .
- Motoristejahan on kahdenlaisia .
On sellaisia , jotka eivät ole vielä kaatuneet ja niitä , jotka ovat jo kaatuneet .
Ennemmin tai myöhemmin se tahtoo kaikille tulla eteen , sanoo Elävien moottoripyöräilijöiden yhdistyksen Empyn vapaaehtoisena kouluttajana toimiva Juha Ollikainen .
Kyytiläisen " kamat " pitää saada halvalla
Suomen suurimman moottoripyörävarusteiden maahantuojan Allright Europe Oy:n Vantaan myymälän myymäläpäällikkö Anssi Oravisjärvi on nähnyt varusteostajien kaikki metkut .
- Usein näkee sellaista , että kyytiläiselle halutaan edullisempaa , eikä koollakaan ole niin väliä , kunhan on halpaa .
Toivottavasti semmoinen jää pois ja muistettaisiin , että pää on yhtä tärkeä kyytiläisellä kuin itsellä .
Halpa tulee moottoripyöräharrastuksessa helposti kalliiksi , kun kelvottomien ajovarusteiden tilalle , joudutaan hankkimaan uutta harrastuksen vakavuuden lisääntyessä .
- Esimerkiksi housut jäävät aina lyhyiksi , jos niitä ei ostettaessa kokeilla pyörän päällä , muistuttaa Oravisjärvi .
Sopivat eivät tunnu mukavilta
Moottoripyörävarusteiden hankinnassa kokemuksella on suuri merkitys .
Aloittelijalla tätä kokemusta ei ole .
Kokeneempikin motoristi on saattanut ajaa vuosia vääränlaisilla varusteilla joko turhamaisuuttaan tai tietämättömyyttään .
- Kypärän pitää oikeasti olla tiukka .
Se ei saa painaa , mutta sen pitää kaupassa puristaa tasaisesti päätä .
Se ei saa pyöriä yhtään päässä , kun leukaosasta ottaa kiinni , muistuttaa Empyn Juha Ollikainen .
Ollikainen itse on nähnyt asfaltin liian läheltä myös 200 kilometrin tuntivauhdissa .
Ratamoottoripyöräilyn intohimoisena harrastajana hän on kaatunut lukuisia kertoja .
Yksi perusvirhe on , että ajovarusteisiin halutaan jättää " kasvunvaraa " tai tilaa lukuisille alusvaatekerroille .
Lepattavan ajotakin suojukset eivät pysy paikoillaan onnettomuustilanteessa .
Liian lyhyiden housujen polvisuojat eivät istu alun perinkään oikealla korkeudella , jolloin ne toimivat lähinnä reisien lämmittiminä .
Ajovarusteita rahoitetaan pyöräostoksen mukana
Vanha sanonta kuuluu , " osta ensin varusteet ja katso sitten , paljonko rahaa jää itse pyörään " .
Pyörän selässä kesähelteillä näkyy kuitenkin kaikenlaista sandaaleista työhaalareihin .
- Huolissaan pitää olla nuorista sporttipyöräkuskeista , joilla on sitä t- paitaa ja vähän huonompaa varustusta , sanoo Allrightin myymäläpäällikkö Anssi Oravisjärvi
Monet nuoret ottavat tehokkaat pyöränsä käyttöön rahoituksella .
Käteistä tai lainarahaa ei ole käytössä , jolloin varusteisiinkaan ei liikene rahaa .
Moottoripyöräkauppiaat yrittävät paikata tätä aukkoa tekemällä rahoituksena kokonaispaketteja , joihin myös ajovarusteet kuuluvat .
Varusterintamalta kuuluu myös hyviä uutisia .
Matkamotoristit hyväksyvät nykyään myös värilliset , paremmin liikenteessä havaittavat ajovarusteet .
Keskikesän alennusmyynneissä hyvät ajovarusteet , päästä varpaisiin , voi jo saada alle tuhannella eurolla .
Mopoikäisten vanhemmille asiantuntijat antavat yhden neuvon : ostakaa oikean kokoinen ja laadukas kypärä .
Skootteritytöt kun pelkäävät yleensä tukan lässähtämistä ja kypärän pehmusteiden tahrautumista meikkivoiteeseen , ja haluavat sen vuoksi jättikokoisen umpikypärän .
- Itse käytän kypärää kokoa S ja pienipäiset mopotytöt haluavat aina yleensä XL:n , vihjaisee myymäläpäällikkö Anssi Oravisjärvi .
Lähteet : YLE Uutiset / Marcus Ziemann
The fox body mustang has been in existence since creating the third - generation Mustang as far back as 1978 .
It ran its course for over a decade and a half before the ...
a company gets twice as much from a PC with their brand on it as one they make for someone else .
MSI needs this money to survive in a world where its Chinese partners can undercut them .
The margin justifies MSIs existence .
It is also true that Linux cannot afford a presence in the channel .
Its not how we roll .
You cant invest in retailing if your product costs nothing .
There is nothing to invest .
Thats why Linux and open source depend on the Internet .
A monopolistic practice occurs when two sides are offering the same deal and one side gets all the business .
But in this case both sides were not offering the same deal .
Microsoft offered channel support , Linux a hearty handshake and rhetoric about freedom .
... What Linux needs to succeed is a way to offer more than was offered MSI .
The question is , how would you structure a deal ?
The annual Electronic Entertainment Expo is coming up in less than a month and not even the swine flu is going to be able to stop us from attending this year .
So what kinds of rumors are we hearing through the game - vine ?
Blizzard will be a no- show
First off , all you Blizzard fans that were hoping for an update on Starcraft 2 or eager to see what they have in store for World of Warcraft can forget it .
Although Activision Blizzard was confirmed to be attending the expo after taking last year off , it seems like only the Activision half of the company will be making an appearance .
Sorry … but hey !
There ’s always BlizzCon , right ?
[ Source ]
Metal Gear creator announcing a new title , new addition to MGS series ?
Also , Kojima Productions fans will be excited to know that the legendary Metal Gear creator will be announcing a new title this year .
While many were expecting him to make the announcement at GDC this year , Kojima himself has confirmed that the new game will be revealed at E3 .
However , there are no details yet as to what this game can be and rumors have started floating around that it might be the next Metal Gear Solid game .
An ambiguous comment about the franchise at the Mac Store following Kojima ’s keynote at GDC has people wondering whether the game designer will grace fans with another installment of the legendary franchise .
[ Source , Source ]
Mass Effect 2 demo at E3
BioWare ’s RPG sequel , Mass Effect 2 has already been given a teaser trailer for those that can’t wait for more space adventuring , alien loving action .
Fans now have more to look forward to since BioWare has confirmed that Mass Effect 2 will indeed be demonstrated at E3 .
[ Source ]
Capcom demos Lost Planet 2 and announces two new titles
With Capcom having recently released footage of their upcoming Lost Planet 2 , the company has gone on record stating that a demo is not far behind .
With Lost Planet 2 confirmed as playable at E3 , Capcom is also pushing to release the demo on Xbox Live Marketplace at some point during the expo .
They will also be announcing two new titles .
[ Source , Source ]
Three new games for PS3
On the PS3 front , three new games are rumored to be in production and might be unveiled at this year ’s expo .
First off , there ’s Heavy Rain , Quantic Dream ’s psychological thriller .
While unveiled at E3 before , the game is rumored that the game will be released year , with the announcement coming at E3 .
Also on the cards is a new Shadow of the Colossus and TimeSplitters 4 .
While there are no details about Colossus , it appears to be a next generation title , either for the PS3 or PSP .
Finally , TimeSplitters 4 , meanwhile in development hell due to the fall of Free Radical , may finally see the light if another developer has taken over control of the project .
If these games are to be showcased at E3 , Sony might have a great presentation on its hands .
[ Source ]
Motion sensing device for PS3 ?
On the hardware front , an old rumor has begun popping up again , with an old Sony patent from 2007 being pushed back into the limelight .
Sources claim that Sony has been working on a motion sensing device for the PS3 , with plans to unveil it at E3 .
Unlike the SIXAXIS and Dual Shock 3 , which have limited motion sensing capabilities , the new device would be on par with Nintendo ’s Wiimote , though reportedly even more accurate , capable of tracking precise movements .
[ Source ]
Microsoft ditches controllers altogether ?
Motion sensor technology seems to be becoming the “ in thing ” with rumors also suggesting that Microsoft is in development of a controllerless motion sensor device for the 360 .
This sensor bar would be able to detect full body movements , even slight movements like pinching and allow for in - game video conferencing thanks to a built - in camera and microphone .
While it may just be a wild rumor , with the Wii and the PS3 utilizing motion sensors in their games , it ’s not too unlikely that a 360 motion sensor would be in the works and , if its true , we could very well see an unveiling of the new tech at E3 .
[ Source ]
PSP2 unveiling ?
Finally , Sony ’s new PSP system might be unveiled at E3 as well .
Rumors about touch screens , no UMD drive , and second analog nub have been making news for a while .
Now sources are claiming that the new PSP , the PSP Go ! , will be unveiled at E3 , sporting no UMD drive , a touch screen and a built - in hard - drive , though the second analog nub has apparently been disproven .
As usual , however , Sony has given the usual “ We refuse to comment on rumors and speculation ” comment when asked about the Go !
But just because they refuse to comment does n’t make it any less true .
[ Source ]
Oh , and we ca n’t forget about the endless hotness possibilities of the booth babes .
If we ’re lucky , maybe we ’ll be able to see some of the ones from the Russian Gaming Expo .
E3 2009 is definitely shaping up to be a good show .
The Expo starts June 2 , less than a month away .
We ’ll bring you more news about the show as it becomes available .
It will cause outrage among some cat owners , but research suggests the pets are not as clever as some humans assumed – or at least they think in a way we have yet to fathom .
Psychology lecturer Britta Osthaus says cats do not understand cause - and - effect connections between objects .
She tested the thought processes of 15 of them by attaching fish and biscuit treats to one end of a piece of string , placing them under a plastic screen to make them unreachable and then seeing if the cats could work out that pulling on the other end of the string would pull the treat closer .
They were tested in three ways , using a single baited string , two parallel strings where only one was baited , and two crossed strings where only one was baited .
The single string test proved no problem , but unlike dogs ( which Osthaus has previously tested ) no cat consistently chose correctly between two parallel strings .
With two crossed strings , one cat always made the wrong choice and others succeeded no more than might be expected by chance .
Osthaus , of Canterbury Christ Church University , Kent , said : " This finding is somehow surprising as cats regularly use their paws and claws to pull things towards them during play and hunting .
They performed even worse than dogs , which can at least solve the parallel string task . "
The study helped show the limits of feline intelligence , said Osthaus , who conducted the research while a teaching fellow at Exeter University .
" If we know their limits we wo n't expect too much of them , which in turn is important for their welfare .
I am not trying to say cats are stupid , just they are different .
We are so anthropomorphic we can't see the world through their eyes . "
There is just one consolation .
Humans do n't understand string theory either .
In response to the COVID - 19 pandemic , which has caused many families to be isolated at home , Stop It Now ! is sharing tools and strategies for navigating these unprecedented times , while keeping children 's sexual safety a priority .
This is a break for Senator Arlen Specter , as Ridge a pro-choice Republican and well liked , respected in the state would have given him a run for his money .
This leaves the Democratic Primary and Congressman Joe Sestak is ready to go .
Once during a Thanksgiving when I was a wee lad , I was cracking and eating some nuts from my grandparents ’ assorted nuts tray .
( Why do only old people have these ?
They 're kinda awesome . )
I had dug out some Brazil nuts , my favorite , when one of my uncles decided to share with me , " You know , when I was a kid we used to call those n****r toes . "
Then he laughed hilariously while I stared blankly at him .
Recently I shared this anecdote at a party - as I find it both creepy and humorous - when one of my friends said , " Is n't it kinda ridiculous that people can't say stuff like that anymore without people thinking they ’re racist ? "
Everyone in the group was fairly inebriated - in the rant - prone Philosopher Stage of drunkenness - but I was still a little surprised by how much agreement there was in the room .
A long , sloppy debate ensued .
The main crux of the matter was about what constitutes being “ racist . ”
For example , does not being attracted to members of a particular ethnicity make you racist against them ?
I make no claims to have wisdom about race relations .
However , I can say that our race debate was pretty transparently about a much sillier and simpler issue : people like racist jokes , but do n’t like being called racist .
Oh no , white person dilemma !
Just tell a racist joke at a party ( full of white people of course , do n't get yourself killed ) .
I bet instead of people being offended , everyone will come out of the woodwork with their favorite racist joke .
You 'll also get the same effect with dead baby jokes .
Hipsters are the worst hypocritical offenders in this regard .
Despite spending all their time ranting about evil intolerant Conservatives , they usually know a craaaaazy number of racist or anti-Semitic jokes .
Hipster girls are particularly humorous , because they ’ll always preface their racist joke with , “ Okay , now I am not racist at all … ”
Like that then allows them to say whatever offenses they can think of .
Does finding a racist joke funny make you racist ?
My uncle and the “ n****r toes . ”
That ’s not really funny .
So racist , right ?
What if the joke is really clever though ?
Still racist ?
I laugh at jokes about people dying .
That does n’t mean I actually think people dying is funny .
Is that even equitable ?
Are hipsters off the hook ?
Or do we all have to fess up to being a little bit racist ?
That honeymoon , if it was one , is over .
Conservatives have legitimate ideological beefs with Obama , rightly expressed in sharp language .
But the invective in some quarters has unmistakably amped up .
The writer Camille Paglia , a political independent and confessed talk - radio fan , detected a shift toward paranoia in the air waves by mid-May .
When “ the tone darkens toward a rhetoric of purgation and annihilation , ” she observed in Salon , “ there is reason for alarm . ”
She cited a “ joke ” repeated by a Rush Limbaugh fill - in host , a talk - radio jock from Dallas of all places , about how “ any U.S. soldier ” who found himself with only two bullets in an elevator with Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid and Osama bin Laden would use both shots to assassinate Pelosi and then strangle Reid and bin Laden .
This homicide - saturated vituperation is endemic among mini-Limbaughs .
Glenn Beck has dipped into O’Reilly ’s Holocaust analogies to liken Obama ’s policy on stem - cell research to the eugenics that led to “ the final solution ” and the quest for “ a master race . ”
After James von Brunn ’s rampage at the Holocaust museum , Beck rushed onto Fox News to describe the Obama - hating killer as a “ lone gunman nutjob . ”
Yet in the same show Beck also said von Brunn was a symptom that “ the pot in America is boiling , ” as if Beck himself were not the boiling pot cheering the kettle on .
But hyperbole from the usual suspects in the entertainment arena of TV and radio is not the whole story .
What ’s startling is the spillover of this poison into the conservative political establishment .
Saul Anuzis , a former Michigan G.O.P. chairman who ran for the party ’s national chairmanship this year , seriously suggested in April that Republicans should stop calling Obama a socialist because “ it no longer has the negative connotation it had 20 years ago , or even 10 years ago . ”
Anuzis pushed “ fascism ” instead , because “ everybody still thinks that ’s a bad thing . ”
He did n’t seem to grasp that “ fascism ” is nonsensical as a description of the Obama administration or that there might be a risk in slurring a president with a word that most find “ bad ” because it evokes a mass - murderer like Hitler .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
The Anuzis “ fascism ” solution to the Obama problem has caught fire .
The president ’s nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court and his speech in Cairo have only exacerbated the ugliness .
The venomous personal attacks on Sotomayor have little to do with the 3,000 - plus cases she ’s adjudicated in nearly 17 years on the bench or her thoughts about the judgment of “ a wise Latina woman . ”
She has been tarred as a member of “ the Latino KKK ” ( by the former Republican presidential candidate Tom Tancredo ) , as well as a racist and a David Duke ( by Limbaugh ) , and portrayed , in a bizarre two - for - one ethnic caricature , as a slant - eyed Asian on the cover of National Review .
Uniting all these insults is an aggrieved note of white victimization only a shade less explicit than that in von Brunn ’s white supremacist screeds .
Obama ’s Cairo address , meanwhile , prompted over - the - top accusations reminiscent of those campaign rally cries of “ Treason ! ”
It was a prominent former Reagan defense official , Frank Gaffney , not some fringe crackpot , who accused Obama in The Washington Times of engaging “ in the most consequential bait - and - switch since Adolf Hitler duped Neville Chamberlain . ”
He claimed that the president  a lifelong Christian  “ may still be ” a Muslim and is aligned with “ the dangerous global movement known as the Muslim Brotherhood . ”
Gaffney linked Obama by innuendo with Islamic “ charities ” that “ have been convicted of providing material support for terrorism . ”
If this is n’t a handy rationalization for another lone nutjob to take the law into his own hands against a supposed terrorism supporter , what is ?
Any such nutjob can easily grab a weapon .
Gun enthusiasts have been on a shopping spree since the election , with some areas of our country reporting percentage sales increases in the mid- to - high double digits , recession be damned .
Did you know that world population reached 6 billion on October 12 , 1999 , and will reach 9.3 billion by 2050 ?
The impacts of continued population growth are already felt by a majority of nations .
U.S. population , too , has grown from 152 million in 1950 to 270 million today , a 78 % increase .
We have doubled in 58 years .
Growing at 3,000,000 per year , U.S. population is expected to approach half a billion people in 50 years !
Overpopulation is the root cause of most environmental problems .
The demands of increasing population magnify demands for natural resources , clean air and water , as well as access to wilderness areas .
Unless we start stacking people in high - rises , this means an increased demand for living space , with the inevitable result of more sprawl .
The quality of life for future generations hinges on stabilizing both domestic and world population .
An American Education
TUJ is an international campus of one of the United States ' largest research universities — Temple University in Philadelphia — and is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education , one of the six regional accrediting bodies for higher education in the United States .
Founded in 1982 , TUJ is officially recognized by Japan 's Ministry of Education and offers American bachelor 's , master 's and doctoral degrees in Tokyo .
TUJ students receive the same credits , degrees and transcripts as students at Main Campus in Philadelphia .
All classes at TUJ are taught in English and no Japanese proficiency is required to start .
Learn more
Undeniably plucky of character but ultimately ineffectual excess baggage that constantly needs rescuing , reviving , retrieving and / or resuscitating .
Co-op ' damsels ' have none of the redeeming characteristics of the traditional ' damsel in distress ' image .
That is , they are n't vulnerable maidens all tied up and waiting for a hero , but are just men that are n't very good at games .
Recently made unpopular thanks to the likes of Resident Evil 5 , Gears of War 2 and any other co-op game that likes to leave journals and diary entries scattered about .
Slow readers love to read absolutely everything .
Slowly .
And sometimes twice .
They believe that taking time out during an intense shooter to properly digest several screens of text is an integral part of the experience .
Literate people have never been so annoying .
Ignores the game in favour of accessing supposedly inaccessible areas and generally trying to exploit broken bits of the game to their advantage .
This means that they spend all of their time bouncing up and down on bits of the environment like a demented jack - in - the - box and generally behaving as though a fairly essential section of their brain has been removed .
Suffers from a complete inability to admit personal culpability , instead choosing to finger - point and fabricate mistruths to cover their own ineptitude .
Blamers are masters of creative bullshitting and can effortlessly deflect accusations of weak gaming skills with frightening efficiency .
Typical favoured scapegoats of blamers often include : inadequate co-op partners ( " f*** ing noobs " ) , technical deficiencies ( " f*** ing lag " ) and acts of God ( " f*** ing swarm of killer bees " ) .
Very reluctant talker .
Sessions with a mute can be surreal affairs , often tinged with a pervading sense of creepiness thanks to the deafening headset silence .
A mute will occasionally offer a primitive mumble , grunt or noisy nasal exhalation .
Actual spoken words are extremely rare , monosyllabic and only uttered when a lesser form of audible communication is n't effective enough .
Has less personality than an AI team - mate .
Feels like playing with a stalker .
The motor - mouthed antithesis of the mute .
There are plenty of friendly , good - natured gobshites out there that just like to natter , but we 're not talking about them .
We 're specifically talking about the smack - talking gobshites that relentlessly vomit unfunny and offensive mouth waste .
They might be able to nail a headshot from a hundred paces , but there 's no fun in winning when you 're teamed - up with one of these nasty little sphincter stains .
Playful jokers or irritating twats ?
If they 're ' playing ' on your side then they do , without doubt , always belong in the latter category .
There 's nothing like being on the wrong end of a griefer 's pranks to make you rage like a mental pissed - up wasp with hypertension trapped in the world 's most cramped jam jar .
It can ruin your day .
Conversely , to cheer yourself up again , watching griefers making other gamers ' lives a misery can be quite the tonic .
Strange .
Completely oblivious of and inconsiderate to other players .
Their actions are dictated by their own needs and whims .
They selfishly grab all the best pick - ups and have absolutely no hesitation in abandoning team - mates .
They never listen to tactics and do n't have even the faintest interest in playing as a group or partnership .
A lone wolf firmly believes that ' team ' is spelt ' teiam ' and thinks ' co- operation ' is a surgery - based board game .
Likes to shout a lot and is intensely serious .
Plays like there are actual real human lives at stake .
Pretends to be well acquainted with the fundaments of tactical military manoeuvre and loves barking things like " FORM UP PINCER FORMATION ! " , " EXECUTE FLANK MANOEUVRE ! " and " LET'S HIT 'EM HARD PEOPLE ! " at bewildered team - mates .
Would almost certainly be scared shitless if they actually went within 100 miles of a real - life war zone .
May 14 , 2009
Playing to annoy , not to win
Tips to help you make friends and influence people
Avoid these gamers at all costs
After
three years , the Hungarian government has finally decided to provide financial
compensation to a Romani woman who was coercively sterilized in 2001 .
The case
was referred to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against
Women , and in August 2006 it found the Hungarian government to be in violation
of the UN Convention that guarantees an end to discrimination against women .
In March 2008 , the Hungarian
government declared the opposite .
It would not provide any compensation to Ms .
A.S. , a woman who was sterilized by Hungarian doctors without her consent .
Now ,
on February 24 , 2009 , after eight years of national and international legal
proceedings , there is hope that the victim , as recommended by CEDAW Committee ,
" will be provided an appropriate compensation commensurate with the
gravity of the violations of her rights . "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Before
CEDAW , Ms A.S. was represented by the European
Roma Rights Center ( ERRC ) and the Legal
Defense Bureau for National and Ethnic Minorities ( NEKI ) .
She claimed that on January 2 , 2001 , she was subjected
to coerced sterilization by medical staff at one of the Hungarian hospitals ,
where she had been taken after labor pains .
While examining her , the attending physician
found that the fetus had died in her womb and told her a caesarean section
needed to be performed immediately in order to remove the dead fetus .
While on
the operating table , Ms .
A.S. was asked to sign forms giving her consent to this operation as well as to
her sterilization .
However , the doctors did not explain the procedure , its
nature , possible risks or the consequences of being sterilized .
Only after the
operation did Ms. A.S. learn that she had been sterilized .
On October 15 , 2001 ,
Ms. A.S. and her attorney filed a civil claim for damages against the hospital .
On appeal , the court held that the hospital doctors had indeed acted
negligently .
Nevertheless , the same court concluded that since Ms. A.S. had
provided no proof that she had suffered a lasting detriment , she was not
entitled to compensation .
On February 12 , 2004 , the ERRC and NEKI
jointly filed a complaint with CEDAW relating to the illegal sterilization
under the CEDAW
optional protocol .
In support of the victim ’s claims , a brief was
prepared by the Center for Reproductive Rights .
The Center underlined that
consent and the right to information are critical components of any
sterilization procedure , and that human rights are violated when sterilization
is performed without the full and informed consent of the patient .
In
the case of Ms. A.S. , by sterilizing a woman without her fully informed
consent , Hungary ,
through the doctors at the public hospital , violated her right to decide on the
number and spacing of children .
As a result of the non-consensual sterilization
that was performed , the woman no longer has , and will never have the freedom to
make decisions as to the number and spacing of children .
In August 2006 , the Committee found
the Hungarian government to be in violation of the Convention .
The Committee
recommended the government provide appropriate compensation to Ms. A.S. ,
review domestic legislation on the principle of informed consent in cases of
sterilization and ensure its conformity with international human rights and
medical standards .
And in connection with that , consider amending the
provision in the Public Health Act , which allows a physician " to deliver the
sterilization without the information procedure generally specified when it
seems to be appropriate in given circumstances , " and monitor public and private health centers including
hospitals and clinics that perform sterilization procedures to ensure that
fully informed consent is given before any sterilization procedure is carried
out , with
appropriate sanctions in place in the event of a breach .
The
Committee also requested the Hungarian government to submit to the Committee ,
within six months , a written response , including any information on any action
taken in the light of the views and recommendations of the Committee .
But still ,
a year later , in 2007 , in its concluding
comments , the Committee expressed concern at the Hungarian government ’s
failure to implement the recommendations and again urged the government to
" provide appropriate compensation to Ms. A.S. "
Only in 2008 , following the Committee
recommendations , the Hungarian Government amended the Public Health Act to
ensure that appropriate information be given to patients in the context of
sterilization procedures to ensure informed consent .
And in February 2009 , the
government declared its willingness to pay an adequate compensation to Ms. A.S .
The compensation means not only
justice to A.S. , but the Hungarian Government ’s recognition of its obligations
to all women under international law .
It is an important step forward in
ensuring respect for the optional protocol of the CEDAW Convention .
" We hope
that Hungary ’s actions will serve as an example to other countries , like the
Czech Republic and Slovakia , where the problem of coercive sterilization still
has not been fully addressed , " said Ostalinda Maya , ERRC ’s Women’s
Rights Officer .
Everyone seems to be all about Twitter so here ’s some simple examples of how to update your Twitter status from a command line prompt , web server or simple html web site .
These three examples require curl so install it if you do n’t already have it .
For these examples I ’ll be using my Twitter user name ‘ codytaylor1234 ’ .
My password is not ‘ mypassword ’ so make sure you put in your own information .
The easiest way to update your Twitter account is to just call curl from the command line with this command .
curl -- basic --user " codytaylor1234 :mypassword " -- data - ascii " status=
This Twitter update brought to you by curl on the command line " " http://twitter.com/statuses/update.json "
<? php $ username = ' codytaylor1234 ' ; $ password = ' mypassword ' ; $ update = ' This Twitter update is from a php script using curl ' ; $url = ' http://twitter.com/statuses/update.json'; $ ch = curl_init ( ) ; curl_setopt( $ch , CURLOPT_URL , " $url " ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER , 1 ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_POST , 1 ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS , " status= " .
$update ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_USERPWD , $ username . " : " .$ password ) ; $ result = curl_exec ( $ch ) ; curl_close ( $ch ) ; if ( $ result ) echo ' success ' ; ?>;
To update your Twitter status with PHP you are going to want to do the same sort of thing but with a bit more typing .
Since a cross-domain request in Javascript is n’t really an option we have to create a proxy using PHP in order to authenticate the user on the Twitter API .
If anyone knows an easy way authenticate a Twitter user using only javascript I ’d love to hear it .
Anyway if we replace a small amount of code in the above example and put it in a file then we can use a simple ajax request to update our Twitter status .
So the new PHP file would be :
<? php $ username = $ _ POST [ 'username ' ] ; $ password = $ _POST [ ' password ' ] ; $ update = $ _POST [ ' update ' ] ; $url = ' http://twitter.com/statuses/update.json'; $ ch = curl_init ( ) ; curl_setopt( $ch , CURLOPT_URL , " $url " ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER , 1 ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_POST , 1 ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS , " status= " .
$update ) ; curl_setopt ( $ch , CURLOPT_USERPWD , $ username . " : " .$ password ) ; $ result = curl_exec ( $ch ) ; curl_close ( $ch ) ; ?>
For this example I called that php file ‘ twitter-update.php ’ .
Now that we have our simple proxy we can update our twitter status with a simple html form and a little ajax .
I used the prototype framework for my javascript .
< script src=" includes/prototype.js " type = " text / javascript " > < script type='text/javascript '> function update_twitter ( ) { var param_string = " username= " +$ ( ' username ' ) . value + " &password= " + $ ( ' password ' ) .value +" &update= " +$ ( ' update ' ) .value ; alert ( param_string ) ; var options = { method : " post " , parameters : param_string , onSuccess : function ( xhr , Json ) { alert ( " Response received successfully . " ) ; } , onFailure : function ( xhr , Json ) { alert ( " Request was unsuccessful . " ) ; } } ; var oRequest = new Ajax .
Request ( " twitter-update.php " , options ) ; } </script >
Obviously this is for example purposes only and if you ’re actually using it for production then you should edit it a lot .
Now for the last little bit here ’s the simple html form that starts it all .
What is it and why was it built ?
A couple of months ago we launched a site about Marine Science in North Carolina with one of our design partners , Liaison Design Group .
A key part of the project was an interactive map that allowed visitors to find important Marine Science resources in North Carolina .
Each location on the map would be represented by a bullet .
Clicking the bullet would bring up more information on the location .
Since the locations of the bullets tended to be highly clustered , zooming into select subregions was possible .
We wanted the experience to be engaging as possible but also easily updatable in the future .
We settled on jQuery as the interface technology to use as it made it simple to build , display and animate the map .
I did a longer writeup on the detailed mechanics of how this worked two weeks ago in one of our most popular posts .
Due to the great feedback we got on it , this is a follow - up with a revised version of the code as a jQuery plugin which should make it easier to integrate into other projects .
Demos
This project is being used in production on a number of sites .
Below is a listing of a couple .
If you have used this in a project you would like to see listed , let me know .
Documentation
Limitations
This was originally developed for one project with very specific requirements .
While I have taken the time to generalize that code into a plugin , I have not made it as generic as I would have liked and will do more in the future to improve it given enough interest .
Here is a list of its current biggest limitations :
Data Required
In Plugin Setup - Ideally all of the required data would be stored in the html pages that drive the bullets .
This would allow a CMS to more easily generate additional depth levels without needing to play with the javascript .
All that is required in the js now is an array of the sub-regions along with their dimensioning data .
- Ideally all of the required data would be stored in the html pages that drive the bullets .
This would allow a CMS to more easily generate additional depth levels without needing to play with the javascript .
All that is required in the js now is an array of the sub-regions along with their dimensioning data .
Data Accessibility Unaddressed -
The plugin currently does nothing on its own to make content available to search engines and those with disabilities .
This is left up to the developer to do , though it should n't be too challenging since the plugin requires all of the data to be expressed in html .
- The plugin currently does nothing on its own to make content available to search engines and those with disabilities .
This is left up to the developer to do , though it should n't be too challenging since the plugin requires all of the data to be expressed in html .
API - Right now it is impossible to programatically interact with the map once it is launched .
Eventually it will have a simple API to assist in navigation and other manipulations .
Even with these limitations , this is ready for production and is being used on several sites as seen above in the demos .
Instructions
There are four main components required to make the plugin run : the background images , links to pages that contain html data in the correct format , some CSS for style and finally the plugin call .
Below are instructions on each .
1. Background Images
There are very limited requirements on the background images :
They must all be the same size .
Sub-region background maps grow to fill the entire map area
They should line up .
Just prior to zooming , a sub-region map is placed over an area of the main map , if this does n't line up properly , some of the zooms effect will be lost .
The main map should highlight the zoomable regions .
The plugin does not otherwise make these obvious .
( Though the css could be edited to add a border or background image to the zoomable region . )
2. HTML Data
The plugin assumes a certain structure for the html data it loads via AJAX .
As long as the basic structure is kept , a developer is free to add any type of content styled however they would like .
Aside from the unavoidable requirements imposed by the animation , all style is isolated to CSS .
The HTML format contains information for the location and applied class of the bullets , a convention based link between the bullets and the pop-up content and the content itself .
The html returned should just be a listing of the bullets and popups in the following format :
[ POPUP - ID ] should be unique for each bullet / popup .
The jQuery uses this along with the " - box " convention to open the correct popup when a bullet is clicked .
3. CSS Style
As much as possible , the plugin is designed to operate exclusively on the DOM , leaving styling up to CSS .
A basic css file is included with the demo zip .
Here is some rough minimal css :
#map { position : relative ; width : 700 px ; height : 470 px ; overflow : hidden ; } #returnlink { display : block ; position : absolute ; bottom : 0 ; right : 0 ; } #map a. bullet { display : block ; position : absolute ; width : 10 px ; height : 10 px ; background : yellow ; } #map img.zoomable { } #map div.popup{ display : none ; position : absolute ; width : 200 px ; height : 300 px ; } #map div.popup a.close{ display : block ; position : absolute ; bottom : 0 ; right : 0 ; }
The code above will work just fine as a starting point .
Obviously a lot of embellishment can be added to make the map look as good as the one 's Liaison designed in the examples .
Here are some things to note :
The main ' # map ' container must be positioned absolute or relative .
Popups must have ' display : none ' set to make sure they do n't flicker when they are loaded .
Popups must be positioned using CSS .
The jQuery only shows / hides them .
4. jQuery Plugin Call
The last piece that needs to be put in place is a call to the jQuery zoommap plugin that makes it all happen .
In the call , we must pass the in some settings as well as a data structure that sets up the map and its different zoom levels .
Here is a call for a simple two level map that contains all of the possible settings :
$ (' # map ' ) .zoommap ({ // Width and Height of the Map width : ' 500 px ' , height : ' 580 px ' , //Misc Settings blankImage : ' images/blank.gif ' , zoomDuration : 1000 , bulletWidthOffset : ' 10 px ' , bulletHeightOffset : ' 10 px ' , //ids and classes zoomClass : ' zoomable ' , popupSelector : ' div.popup ' , popupCloseSelector : ' a.close ' , //Return to Parent Map Link showReturnLink : true , returnId : ' returnlink ' , returnText : ' return to previous map ' , // Initial map to be shown map : { id : ' campus ' , image : ' images/campus.jpg ' , data : ' popups/campus.html ' , maps : [ { id : ' quads ' , parent : ' campus ' , image : ' images/quads.png ' , data : ' popups/quads.html ' , width : ' 200 px ' , height : ' 232 px ' , top : ' 18 px ' , left : ' 176 px ' } ] } } ) ;
Here is a breakdown / description of each of the settings :
width / height -
The width and height of the map container .
- The width and height of the map container .
blankImage - Path to an ( transparent ) image that will be used over the zoomable regions until their map is loaded .
- Path to an ( transparent ) image that will be used over the zoomable regions until their map is loaded .
zoomDuration - Duration in milliseconds of the map zoom effect .
- Duration in milliseconds of the map zoom effect .
bullet ( Width / Height ) Offset - Offsets that allow the coordinates of the bullets to be placed in the center of the target , rather than the corner .
- Offsets that allow the coordinates of the bullets to be placed in the center of the target , rather than the corner .
zoomClass - Class that should be applied to the zoomable region imgs .
- Class that should be applied to the zoomable region imgs .
popupSelector - Selector the plugin should use to find the popups in the html
- Selector the plugin should use to find the popups in the html showReturnLink -
Whether a return link should be shown on child maps
- Whether a return link should be shown on child maps return
Id - Id to use for the return link .
- Id to use for the return link .
returnText - Text to be placed in the return link .
- Text to be placed in the return link .
map -
The top level map that should be shown .
Additionally each map has the following properties and can infinately nest more maps :
id -
Id that should be used for the zoomable region .
- Id that should be used for the zoomable region .
image -
Path to the image that should be used for the map .
This image should be large enough to fill the entire map space .
- Path to the image that should be used for the map .
This image should be large enough to fill the entire map space .
data -
Path to the html data for the maps popups and bullets .
- Path to the html data for the maps popups and bullets .
width / height - Width and height of the zoomable region .
- Width and height of the zoomable region .
top/left - Absolute position of the zoomable region
- Absolute position of the zoomable region maps - Children maps .
Here is a minimal call that relies on the default settings :
$ ( ' # map ' ) .
zoommap ( { width : ' 500 px ' , height : ' 580 px ' , blankImage : ' images/blank.gif ' , map : { // Map structure } } ) ;
And here are the default settings :
settings = $. extend ( { zoomDuration : 1000 , zoomClass : ' zoomable ' , popupSelector : ' div.popup ' , popupCloseSelector : ' a.close ' , bulletWidthOffset : ' 10 px ' , bulletHeightOffset : ' 10 px ' , showReturnLink : true , returnId : ' returnlink ' , returnText : ' Return to Previous Map ' } , settings ) ;
Download the Project Zip
View the project Demo or download the project zip .
Questions / Comments ?
This project will be revised in the future and is certainly open to suggestions .
If there are any suggestions or questions , please leave them in the comments .
Update ( 8/2/2011 ) : Daniel Madejak found this plugin and liked it so much that he wrote a Windows desktop application that generates the config files for you !
You can check out that application along with the documentation here : http://shaimad.pl/webmapcreator/.
Note that it is an early release and improvements are still being made .
This rather inauspicious Bill has finally made its way through initial publication and its presentation in the Dail for the Second Stage Debate , and is currently awaiting its appearance in the Committee Stage ( currently scheduled for June 18 ) .
Debate on the Bill has been heated , both in the Dail and outside it ; and many errors and omissions have been noted .
Perhaps now is the time for an interim summary post .
First of all , the actual references :
The Criminal Justice ( Misc. Provisions ) Bill 2009 and its Explanatory Memorandum .
The Second Stage Debate in the Dail , parts One , Two , Three and Four .
Now , a more detailed look .
The aspects of the Bill which concern the target shooting community begin with Section 23 :
23 . —Section 1 of the Principal Act is amended — ( a ) in the definition of “ firearm ” in subsection ( 1 ) ( as substituted by section 26 of the Act of 2006 ) by the insertion in paragraph ( f ) of “ or paragraph ( h ) ” after “ foregoing paragraphs ” , and ( b ) by the addition of the following definitions after the definition of “ muzzle energy ” : “ ‘ prohibited ammunition ’ means ammunition that is declared by order under section 2C of this Act to be prohibited ammunition ; ‘ prohibited firearm ’ means a firearm that is declared by order under section 2C of this Act to be a prohibited firearm . ” .
Section 23 ( a ) here amends the definition in the Principal Act of “ firearm ” to change a loophole whereby a faulty blank - firing pistol was n’t a firearm , but was when it was repaired .
This form of general housekeeping is an example of what a “ Miscellaneous Provision ” should be .
Section 23 ( b ) then continues with the relatively straightforward act of adding the definitions of “ prohibited firearm ” and “ prohibited ammunition ” as being the firearms and ammunition defined under Section 2C of the Firearms Acts ( also introduced in this Bill ) .
Of course , it is only relatively straightforward , because there is already a definition of “ prohibited weapon ” contained in Section 1 of the Firearms Acts :
“ prohibited weapon ” means and includes any weapon of whatever description designed for the discharge of any noxious liquid , noxious gas or other noxious thing , and also any ammunition ( whether for any such weapon or any other weapon ) which contains or is designed or adapted to contain any noxious liquid , noxious gas or other noxious thing ;
Therefore what we see here may potentially the first acknowledgment in legislation that a “ firearm ” is not a “ weapon ” as has been said many , many times in many other places by shooters – there are 297 separate mentions on this point in boards .ie alone …
–o –
We proceed with Section 24 , which amends the act to allow people to carry blank firing guns without a licence if so authorised by their local superintendent , which the Minister feels is obviously a piece of good news for those officiating at athletics races and training gundogs and so forth .
Of course , there is the argument that this particular use case has been addressed since 1964 by Section 2 ( 4 ) ( g ) of the Firearms Acts , as amended , which exempts from the requirement to have a firearms licence the following :
the possession , use or carriage of a firearm or blank ammunition for the purpose of starting athletic races by a person who stands authorised in that behalf under this section ,
Indeed , the current Section 2 ( 4 ) ( g ) wholly encompasses the proposed amendment here .
There is simply no case where this amendment exceeds or is exceeded by the current law .
So the purpose of this particularr amendment seems elusive unless the Minister is unaware of the contents of 2 ( 4 ) ( g ) .
–o –
Section 25 begins the major changes by introducing Section 2C into the Firearms Acts , allowing the prohibiting of firearms or ammunition by the Minister under a wide range of criteria .
The trouble with granting new powers to a Minister is that when the Minister in question drafts those new powers , there inevitably tends to be a dearth of checks , balances or even rudimentary oversight for that matter .
This was seen before when Minister McDowell drafted the Criminal Justice Bill 2004 introducing Section 2B in the Firearms Acts which allowed him to designate restricted firearms and ammunition under precisely the same set of criteria that Minister Ahern is specifying in this amendment ( one presumes that copy - and - paste was the method used by the drafters here as Section 29 of the 2004 Bill and Section 25 of the 2009 Bill are virtually word - for - word identical ) .
And , as in 2004 when section 2B was introduced by Minister McDowell , this amendment is the source of considerable disquiet and concern in the shooting community .
Whilst the dangers inherent in the possession of firearms are in fact acknowleged by all members of this community and appropriate measures are taken to address them , the simple fact remains that the limitations on the issuing of firearms certificates imposed by Section 4 of the Firearms Act , in conjunction with those imposed by the wider EU laws in this area , are more than sufficient to address any reasonable concerns .
The simple fact is , Section 4 ( 2 ) ( b ) specifically prohibits the issuing of any certificate to any individual for any reason unless that person “ can be permitted to possess , use and carry the firearm and ammunition without danger to the public safety or security or the peace ” ; and moreover , the Supreme Court case of Dunne - v-Donohue was explicit in its conferral of the by - now infamous status of persona designata upon the local Superintendent in matters of firearms certification , thus ensuring that even the High Court is unable to direct a Superintendent to issue a certificate where the Superintendent justly feels that the public safety would be put at risk by issuing a certificate .
It is difficult to see why the Minister feels his judgment in this area should exceed that of the local Garda Superintendent , who has as a matter of course the technical support from Garda HQ for such matters as background checks and technical advice via the Garda Firearms Policy Unit under Superintendent Fergus Healy .
It should be noted as a general point relating to firearms that when the legislation framing new powers such as these is drafted in such a manner as this , technical aspects of that which is being legislated for can act as a potential banana skin for the unwary or uninformed Minister , or worse , his unwary electorate , who discover that he has unintentionally designated all Olympic air rifles as Restricted or Prohibited while attempting to so designate what he refers to as “ assault shotguns ” ( as has happened in the past until the intervention of the NTSA with the Department of Justice ) .
It is not a simple manner to define a specific form of firearm under this amendment .
Even the major distinctions are fraught with edge cases .
What is the difference , for example , between a short rifle and a long pistol ?
This question has led to the re-licensing of ‘ long - arm ’ pistols in the UK despite the pistol ban there on the basis that legally , these pistols qualify as rifles .
How does one designate between a shotgun and a rifle , when such things exist as shotguns with rifled barrels ( for solid slug ammunition for deer - hunting in the US ) ; and how does one deal with combination firearms which may have two side - by - side shotgun barrels mounted above a central rifle barrel ( a configuration favoured in Germany for the hunting of wild boar ) ?
These “ simple ” tasks tend to become less simple upon actually attempting to carry them out ; and , as in 2004 with the introduction of section 2B to the Firearms Acts , the Minister has indicated no intention of creating any legal avenue for appealing his decisions under this section in the event of such mistakes being made .
There is also the wording of Section 2C ( 2 ) in this amendment , which makes it an offence ( with a penalty of up to € 20,000 and a seven - year jail sentence ) for putting on display any prohibited firearm or prohibited ammunition .
While the curator of the various national museums are happily exempted by Section 2C ( 4 ) , a private individual who has as a decoration a ‘ bullet board ’ on their wall might in the worst case find themselves facing a stiffer penalty than common sense would seem to dictate appropriate for a tacky sense for interior decoration .
While the Minister ’s efforts to address a lack of art appreciation in some parts of the country might be considered laudable by those on the Arts Council , I suspect even their refined tastes might find this particular provision to be somewhat unpalatable .
–o –
Section 26 is a rather convoluted amendment which is intended to say that instead of handling an artificially - created high workload on July 31 every year , the 235,000 firearms certificate renewals will be broken up into a number of groups and each group will be given a date to come in and reapply for a firearms certificate , and that anyone with a restricted firearm will be in the first group by default .
While the necessity of this section can be argued well , the drafting leaves much to be desired .
It takes several readings – with reference to both Section 30 of the 2006 Act and Section 38 of this Act , as well as their concomitant cross-references to interpret this section , and even then multiple readers may well produce multiple interpretations along with supporting arguments for those interpretations .
Indeed , there has already been much confusion in the shooting community on several points in this section .
This amendment requires all firearms certificate holders , regardless of how long they have held their certificates for , to re-apply for new certificates , not merely to renew their existing certificates .
The motivation for this is unclear , but it should be noted that the Minister has stated to the Garda class of 2009 upon their graduation earlier this year that he intends to have all 200,000 re-applicants provide character references .
While it could be argued that the demand for a character reference to continue possession of a firearm ( after years of prior possession of said firearm ) implies a character defect in the applicant , and that thus an unimpeachable reference would be required ; I cannot help but to feel it would be an unjustified attack on the good name of 200,000 people who have all been personally vouched for in writing by a Garda Superintendent .
It should also be noted , that even if this slander were to be accepted as being necessary for some as - yet - undescribed technical reason , the majority of these 200,000 people have – for reasons of personal security – not actually advertised to anyone outside of their family and local shooting club that they own a firearm .
Indeed , the Minister and the Gardai have advised of late that were these people to advertise that they own a firearm , they would be targeted by roving gangs seeking to steal said firearm .
Should the Minister pursue this requirement for references , these 200,000 people may now be required to identify one person to whom to disclose this ownership to ( I say one because surely the Superintendent who has for years personally , and in writing by approving their certificates , vouched that the applicants are of good character ) .
This represents a significant breach of personal security ; an odd requirement to foist on people who are required by law to ensure secure storage for their firearms , and who are being cautioned by the Minister and Commissioner to take especial care with regard to that storage .
This is not , by the way , even touching on the magnitude of the Garda workload imposed by the task of checking 200,000 character references ( or double that should the Garda Superintendents be ruled to be somehow untrustworthy enough to be ineligible to give a character reference ) .
It should be noted that by replacing Section 3 ( 3 ) of the Principal Act with this amendment – even though it is only for an interim , if indefinite , period – the Minister has seemingly been efficient by eliminating the prior requirement to submit the appropriate fee with the application form for a firearms certificate to the local Garda Superintendent ( this handling of fees being a task the Minister wishes transferred to another body , most likely An Post ) ; but in his push for efficiency , he has not only deleted Section 3 ( 3 ) ( a ) , but also 3 ( 3 ) ( b ) , which required anyone seeking a firearms certificate for the purposes of hunting game to submit their relevant licence ( as issued under the Wildlife Act ) along with their application form .
Thus were I to seek a certificate for a deer - hunting rifle , for the avowed purpose of hunting deer , I would not be required ( as I would be today ) to also provide my deer - hunting licence .
This would seem to be a rather significant deletion from the point of view of public safety since hunting certificates do not require membership of Garda - approved target shooting ranges as a precondition .
While this is a temporary condition , and one that will be corrected on the commencement of Section 30 of the 2006 Act , merely choosing to replace Section 3 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the Principal Act instead of 3 ( 3 ) would have avoided it , and if such an easy solution is so evident , the drafting and vetting of this legislation must be called into question , especially given the lengthy preparation period it enjoyed and the last - minute lengthy delays during which there was no consultation with the Firearms Consultative Panel , who would have highlighted such a error .
On a further and more general point , the including of the date of July 31 2009 in the amendment rather arrogantly dictates a timetable by which this Bill must be passed through the various Oireachtas stages of debate and committee work , and then passed by both the Dail and President and enacted by the Minister .
Indeed , should any delay be encountered by this Bill which would prevent its enactment by July 31 2009 , some 235,000 certificate renewals would be put at risk , leaving an estimated 200,000 people in contravention of the Firearms Acts ( for a rather serious offence , to whit , the possession of unlicensed firearms and ammunition ) because no provision has been made for the possible failure or postponement of the Bill .
This arrogance is continued by the issuing of the Minister this week ( on June 9 ) to the shooting community of the instructions for how Section 26 ’s provisions will be enacted later this year ; instructions which brook no alteration or delay of the Minister ’s Bill by any member of the Dail or Seanad or even the President .
–o –
Section 27 allows the Minister to issue guidelines on the application and operation of the Firearms Acts .
This is a significant problem , not because the idea is heinous ( though frankly , with the cynical , even arrogant attitude thus far expressed by the Minister in his dealings with the shooting community it would be somewhat easier than perhaps it should be to use that term ) , but because it creates confusion around the persona designata status of the Superintendents .
If the Minister for Justice issues a guideline to a local Superintendent that requires all applicants to have 24 hour security guards to secure their firearms , will that local Superintendent see this as a guideline , or as an edict from a person whose office might permanently impair that Superintendent ’s career were he to opt to not follow it ?
It would seem that most Superintendents would in fact treat such guidelines as being de facto laws , and it was this precise point that the Supreme Court in Dunne -v- Donohue ruled was beyond the Commissioner because the drafting of the Firearms Acts was a power reserved for the Oireachtas ( and not the Minister ) .
It also is also worring because no other area of garda operations allows the Minister for Justice to issue such guidelines to gardai directly .
Normally , such operational matters are the purview of the Garda Commissioner in the interests of preserving a seperation of powers .
And since the Commissioner has already been empowered explicitly by the Criminal Justice Act 2006 ( and implicitly since the founding of the Gardai ) to issue such guidelines to the Superintendents , one must wonder why the Minister feels he also requires such authority in this case .
Do the Minister and the Commissioner differ irreconcilably in regard to what guidelines should be issued ?
–o –
Section 28 introduces the idea of paying your licence fee at a specified place other than the local Garda station .
It ’s not a horrible idea , but it does complicate the process of application as it is unclear as to whether the fee must be paid before or after the certificate is issued .
It seems clear the fee must be paid after the certificate is granted , but whether the Gardai issue the certificate once granted is not specified .
If the fee is paid elsewhere , issues arise such as how the fee- collecting body knows the certificate has been granted , how long the applicant has to pay the fee , whether the certificate must be shown to the fee- collecting body to pay the fee , how the Gardai know the fee has been paid when the applicant seeks to have it issued to him in the local station , and so on and so forth .
There are also significant issues with respect to personal security here – many in the shooting community , as mentioned above , take pains to not disclose to random people the fact that they own firearms , for obvious reasons .
Queueing in public at the local post office to pay a firearms certificate fee would seem to many to be a substantial risk to this personal security , especially as the employees used by An Post for the handling of this task , as well as the measures used by An Post to secure the personal data involved , are unknown quantities .
Again , it seems odd for the Minister and the Commissioner to caution firearms owners with regard to their personal security whilst simultaenously drafting legislation to require those firearms owners to publicly identify themselves in this manner .
The last part of Section 28 introduces the much - vaunted handgun ban .
In short : if a shooter has a pistol which they obtained a certificate for before 19 November 2008 , then they get to re-apply for their certificate for it this year .
Everyone else who has a fullbore pistol or a pistol which is not designed for the Olympics will lose it , regardless of what they were required to spend on the installation of monitored alarms , safes , security upgrades and so forth during their application process ; and no further applications for fullbore or non-Olympic pistols will be entertained .
As an Olympic shooter , I find myself dispondant reading this .
From a purely selfish point of view , my IZH - 46 M air pistol is safe ( for now ) , and so my sport has a cheap entry point , as required by the Irish Sports Council .
But in the case of Olympic smallbore pistol shooting , beginners will have to invest nearly a thousand euro to get started ( because a pistol such as a Browning Buckmark or a Ruger Mk2 is n’t specifically designed for the Olympics , even though it ’s perfectly servicable as an entry model pistol for our style of shooting ) .
That ’s a death knell for the sport , turning it from an actual sport into a curiosity , a pastime for old men .
In fact , given the Minister ’s stated goal of banning what he regards as dangerous firearms while not affecting our sports , this amendment must be regarded as a failure as merely guts the Olympic sport and penalises those who opted to cooperate with the Government by awaiting the full implementation of the policy decided upon in the 2006 Criminal Justice
Act with regard to pistols .
It must be pondered – if the Minister will act so cynically with those who opted to support him by waiting whilst in effect rewarding those who took legal action against him in the years leading up to 2004 , then what motive is there for anyone to cooperate with the Minister in the future ?
–o –
Section 29 is a ban on ‘ practical or dynamic shooting ’ which the bill defines as ‘ any form of activity in which firearms are used to simulate combat or combat training ’ .
On the face of it , this is basicly intended to ban IPSC and similar forms of shooting in Ireland .
This in and of itself is a major point of contention for those currently shooting IPSC disciplines .
Personally , I do n’t shoot these , nor have I any real interest in shooting them , nor do I feel they are incapable of representing themselves ( indeed I know that this is not the case ) , but I do feel that personal preferences with regard to sport should not dictate legislative policy .
I question the wisdom of banning a sport by legislation which refers to ’ simulated combat training ’ , which is not exactly the most exclusive and explicit of descriptions .
At one time after all – and I mean within living memory – shooting at bullseye targets was the standard combat training used by armed forces worldwide .
I think it ’s probably apropos to note that there certainly are certain groups in Ireland which appear to have been conducting bodyguard training using firearms , while based within the Minister for Justice ’s own constituency .
Curtailing activities such as these would certainly be within the Minister ’s purview , and indeed many would argue that it was his duty to curtail them ; and few if any in the shooting community would argue otherwise .
The activities of these groups is not only seen as undesirable by the shooting community , but as an actual threat to public safety .
Some within the community have even pointed out publicly that these groups ’ advertised qualifications to run such courses have been denounced as fraudulent by the professional soldiers with whom these groups would claim to have trained and / or served with .
That such undesirable elements could conduct such training ‘ under the Minister ’s gaze ’ , so to speak , would seem to say that there is a definite problem to be addressed .
That this amendment to the law addresses such a problem and that the subsequent loss of a genuine internationally - practised sport was a mere side - effect might even be argued ; were it not for the fact that this section makes explicit exemptions for the case where the firearms used for such training do not exceed a muzzle energy of 16 joules ( a measure designed to permit the continued use of airsoft and paintball markers in “ combat simulation ” ) .
The upshot of which exemption is that the undesirable groups mentioned above can purchase perfectly indistinguishable replica firearms and continue their training , still within the Minister ’s constituency , and now that firearms certificates are no longer being issued , under even less scrutiny than before .
–o –
Section 30 introduces a new section to the Firearms
Act which deals with airsoft and similar low - powered devices where the muzzle energy does not exceed 1 joule .
As I have little expertise with airsoft , or contact with its community , I will forego any detailed look at this section for fear of stepping beyond my own competencies .
–o –
Sections 31 , 32 and 33 introduce a ban on personal imports of firearms or ammunition .
All firearms and all ammunition now brought into the state must , under these amendments , come through an Irish Registered Firearms Dealer .
While this initially sounds justifiable and reasonable , there are two main caveats .
Firstly , there is the question of what constitutes an importation .
Under existing law , if a person travels abroad to a shooting competition , such as the Olympic Games in London in 2012 , with their licenced firearm in their possession in order to compete , that person is not exporting their firearm .
This is provided for by Section 16 of the Firearms
Act which deals with exports .
And under existing law , when that same person returns to Ireland with their firearm ( and hopefully a medal ) , they are not importing their firearm .
This is provided for by Section 17 of the Firearms Act , which deals with imports and which says – in essence – that if you have a firearms certificate for the firearm , you are not importing it when you travel into the country with it .
Under the proposed amendments , this return journey would , under Irish firearms legislation , be considered an importation without a licence , and thus a serious offence under the Firearms Act .
There is , allegedly , a loophole in the existing law .
Should I purchase a firearm in – for example – Germany , and have the firearms dealer there hold the firearm for me while I obtain a firearms certificate in Ireland for that firearm , I may then collect it and return to Ireland with it without this being classified as an importation , so long as the certificate is granted by the local Superintendent .
I say that this is an alleged loophole for three reasons – firstly because it was a situation explicitly introduced by Section 21 of the 1964 Firearms
Act ; secondly because it does not mean that control of importations is lost , merely that it is in the hands of the local Garda Superintendent rather than in the hands of the Minister ; and thirdly because this state of affairs is precisely how the EU law in this area intends that such transfers should work .
EU directive 91/477/EEC , which was only updated last year , created legal instruments such as the European Firearms Pass explicitly to provide for freedom of movement within the EU for hunters and target shooters and their firearms .
A report on this directive ’s implementation , written and accepted by the Council in 2000 , is explicit on this point :
“ It is important to note that even if Member States are entitled to take more stringent measures , these measures have to respect the rules of the Treaty , and in particular , the rules of the internal market .
Although Article 30 of the Treaty provides for a possible derogation with regard to the free movement of goods on the basis of public safety , the measures in question have to be necessary and proportionate to the objective pursued . ”
It is hard to see how this measure would be seen as necessary ( given that the existing law has been in operation since 1964 without incident ) or proportionate ( since this proposed amendment not only prevents personal imports , but also prevents return travel to other Member States in the EU by shooters with firearms already licenced in Ireland , in direct contravention of the purpose of 91/477/EEC ) .
Confusingly , while the return journey from the London Olympics referred to above would be an offence under the Firearms Act , it would not be an offence under 91/477 / EEC , which has been transcribed into Irish legislation with equal weight to the Firearms Acts .
Thus we have the predicament that , should these amendments be passed , a return journey with a licenced firearm to an EU Member State would be an offence under one branch of Irish law , but explicitly permitted under another branch which is explictly granted equal weight to the first .
The second caveat is that at the moment , when a shooter personally imports a firearm from the EU , he is not purchasing a firearm “ from the back of a lorry ” somewhere in a failed state with no oversight , but instead is purchasing from a Registered Firearms Dealer in another EU Member State ( and thus the transaction is controlled and overseen and legislated for on both sides ) .
By legislating to prevent this purchase overseas , the Minister is creating a de facto state - sanctioned monopoly within Ireland for Irish - based RFDs – a policy it is hard to reconcile with the philosophy of the common market the EU holds as its raison d’etre .
From the point of view of the shooting community , it is equally undesirable .
At present , RFDs in Ireland are notorious for overcharging , and while there are exceptions , buying Irish in the main means very poor value for money .
For smallbore ammunitionas used by Olympic shooters , Irish prices are presently between three and four times the prices in Northern Ireland or the UK or on the continent .
For actual firearms the difference in price may be a few hundred euro more when buying from an Irish RFD , and for Olympic target shooting firearms , the difference is that Irish RFDs will not have them in stock because they feel the market is too small for economic viability .
Several major dealers have already been asked if they will revisit this policy if personal imports are banned and have stated that they will not revisit it because it will still be unprofitable for them to do so .
From the point of view of the shooters , then , these amendments are a strangulation of the Olympic target shooting sports by economic means .
–o –
Section 34 increases the penalty for carrying knives in public ( which is nothing to do with firearms , but which one presumes is covered in the firearms section because the original act it amends was the Firearms and Offensive Weapons Act 1990 ) .
–o –
Section 35 makes it an offence to carry a replica imitation firearm in a public place .
Why this explicit statement is needed in law is unclear , since the Firearms and Offensive Weapons Act 1990 already grants superior powers to the Gardai , making it an offence to carry in public any item the arresting officer thinks may be used in any crime .
The remainder of Section 35 has to do with airsoft and authorisations for airsoft sites and as before , I do not wish to comment on areas outside of my own competency .
–o –
Section 36 gives the Gardai the power to search your person or vehicle without a warrant if they believe a replica firearm is being carried in public .
Anything found may be seized pending prosecution .
What happens to people carrying real firearms in this case is hopefully that the production of a valid firearms certificate satisfies the officer present .
The question of how one carries airsoft equipment by car to a valid airsoft event without said car going through a public place is hopefully merely an academic one .
–o –
Section 37 states that any non-resident obtaining a firearms certificate will get a one - year licence , instead of a three - year licence .
This may sound like an esoteric circumstance , but Irish firearms legislation does not contain the concept of a visitors permit as NI law ( and UK law , and indeed law throughout the remainder of the EU ) does .
Should we wish to hold an Olympic Training Camp for the London Games in 2012 , any competitors looking to use such a training camp would be required to apply for a full firearms certificate ( complete with all of the preconditions and prerequisites faced by an Irish applicant seeking a certificate for a more indefinite period ) .
This amendment states that such a certificate will not in fact last for three years .
It does not , however , state that such a certificate will cost any less than the full rate paid for a three year certificate .
And requiring such a fee would seem to be an economic disadvantage for anyone attempting to woo an Olympic team from abroad to use Ireland as a base for training for the London Games , especially when just across the border in Northern Ireland a visitors permit can be arranged within 14 days for a nominal fee , or for free – where one is even required – in many EU member states such as France which are equally competitive in terms of geographic location .
Groups such as the NTSA have lobbied for years for such a visitors permit because of the promotion to the sport and to tourism that it would represent – sadly the opportunity to introduce this and capitalise on the 2012 Games ’ nearby location has not been taken advantage of by the Minister in this Bill .
–o –
Section 38 completely rewrites section three of the Firearms Act .
It eliminates paying the fee to the Gardai with the application form and it accounts for the staging of renewals mentioned above .
But apart from that , it duplicates the prior section three word - for - word , if not section number for section number .
Likewise , the concerns raised above with regard to the introduction into the certification process of An Post , as well as withthe staging of renewals still apply here .
–o –
Section 39 repeals the as - yet - uncommenced section 40 in the 2006
Act which dealt with the issuing of reloading licences , a significant requirement for fullbore rifle shooters , including ISSF 300 m shooters .
The whole reloading issue is supposedly to be dealt with in the rewrite of the Explosives
Act later this year ; though no justification has yet been given for the abandonment of the significant effort that went into the drafting of Section 40 of the 2006 Act .
–o –
And that concludes the sections that affect firearms legislation .
23 . —Section 1 of the Principal Act is amended — ( a ) in the definition of “ firearm ” in subsection ( 1 ) ( as substitutedby section 26 of the Act of 2006 ) by the insertionin paragraph ( f ) of “ or paragraph ( h ) ” after “ foregoing25 paragraphs ” , and ( b ) by the addition of the following definitions after the definition of “ muzzle energy ” : “ ‘ prohibited ammunition ’ means ammunition that is declared by order under section 2C of this Act to be pro30 hibited ammunition ; ‘ prohibited firearm ’ means a firearm that is declared by order under section 2C of this Act to be a prohibited firearm . ” .
Last week I teamed up with New Scientist magazine to conduct the first scientific experiment using Twitter .
First , a huge ‘ thank you ’ to everyone who participated .
So , what do we do and what did we find ?
The experiment examined remote viewing – the alleged psychic ability to “ see ” distant locations .
The first trial was an informal affair , and involved me travelling to a secret location and then sending out a “ tweet ” asking participants to tweet back their thoughts concerning my location .
Twenty minutes later , I sent a second tweet containing the address of a website that allowed everyone to view a photograph of the location ( a weir ) .
I also asked the participants to rate both their belief in the paranormal and the degree to which their thoughts matched the target .
More than 1000 people participated , with paranormal believers claiming high levels of correspondence between their thoughts and the actual location .
The formal part of the study took place over four days and tested both whether the group as a whole was psychic and whether believers outperformed disbelievers .
On each day I travelled to a randomly selected location and asked everyone to send tweets describing their thoughts about the location .
In the judging phase , participants were presented with five photographs , one showing the location and four decoys , and asked to select the target .
The photograph that received the most votes was taken as the group ’s decision .
If the group were psychic , the majority would vote for the correct target .
In the first trial I was looking up at a striking , modern - looking building .
Unfortunately , the group voted for some woods .
On trial two I was sitting in the middle of a playground , but the group thought I was standing at the foot of a long stairway .
The third trial found me under an unusual - looking canopy ; the group voted for a graveyard .
On the final trial I stared intently at a red postbox .
The group believed that I was standing at the side of a canal .
In short , all four trials were misses .
When I analysed believers and sceptics separately , the results were the same , with no difference between the groups .
So the study did n’t support the existence of remote viewing , and suggested that those who believe in the paranormal are good at finding illusory correspondences between their thoughts and a target .
But perhaps the most important outcome was to demonstrate that thousands of people are happy to take part in an instant Twitter study .
Any ideas on possible studies ?
And any thoughts about the results ?
Finally , here is a great video from the Wall Street Journal showing the study in action here .
Update : I have just looked at the data from those who claimed some kind of psychic ability , and had a high confidence in their choice of target .
This sub -group of participants also scored zero out of four .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates on Tuesday ordered the creation of a military command to oversee cyberspace in order to better defend military computer networks as well as pool capabilities for attacking the networks of other countries .
For now , the U.S. Cyber Command will remain a part of the military ’s Strategic Command , which also oversees the nation ’s nuclear arsenal .
But experts said the move is likely to be a precursor to setting up an independent command .
In a memo signed Tuesday , Gates said the command would help the Defense Department secure “ freedom of action in cyberspace . ”
The U.S. ’ “ increasing dependency on cyberspace , alongside a growing array of cyber threats and vulnerabilities , adds a new element of risk to our national security , ” Gates wrote .
Advertisement
Pentagon officials emphasized the Department of Homeland Security would retain the lead role in defending government computers , while the new command would focus on the Defense Department ’s networks .
The new command , to be based at Ft. Meade , Md. , will be run by the head of the National Security Agency , Army Lt. Gen. Keith B. Alexander .
In a memo , Gates recommended Alexander be promoted as part of the creation of the command .
Although Pentagon officials emphasized the command ’s defensive orientation , experts said the reorganization would improve coordination of both offensive and defensive cyber capabilities .
“ For a long time , the Pentagon has acknowledged cyber is a war - fighting domain , ” said James Andrew Lewis , a scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
“ This will bring the offensive and defensive sides of the house together . ”
Advertisement
John
Wheeler , a former special assistant to the Air Force secretary who worked on computer network issues , said the new command was a signal that the Obama administration was taking the issue seriously .
“ The good news is we are bringing the issues into the public domain , ” Wheeler said .
But Wheeler said the Pentagon was embroiled in a turf battle between intelligence officers and military commanders over who should control the effort .
The intelligence community is dominating the new Cyber Command , but Wheeler said it eventually should be led by someone with a military operations background
Advertisement
“ You need war - fighter DNA to do this , ” Wheeler said .
“ We will get this right when we have had our first combat in cyberspace . ”
The Defense Department has avoided emphasizing the new command ’s offensive mission out of concern that the Pentagon will be seen as militarizing cyberspace .
“ There is the fear the Department of Defense will take over the Internet , ” Lewis said .
“ They do n’t want this to be misinterpreted . ”
Some also fear that foreign governments , convinced the U.S. is conducting offensive operations in cyberspace , could step up their own network attacks , or resist international pressure to halt them .
Advertisement
The command will begin its initial operation in October , and is scheduled to begin full operations a year later .
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner is struggling to unload his million - dollar manse located in a posh New York City suburb .
And like so many other Americans , he 'll probably lose money on it when he does .
Geithner and his wife Carole put their 5 - bedroom Tudor - style home in Larchmont , New York on the market for $ 1.635 million in February , just days after he was tapped by the Obama administration to help lead the nation out of the worst economic crisis in a century .
The Geithners paid a premium for the house when they bought it in 2004 , plunking down $ 1.601 million after a bidding war .
The " exquisitely renovated " home was originally built in 1931 , according to a listing for the 0.2 acre property .
" When the house first went on sale it was very evident that he was not going to get what he paid for it , " said Scott Stiefvater of Stiefvater Real Estate in Pelham , N.Y .
" He was [ bound ] to lose some money . "
It 's a familiar story as the housing crisis unfolds across the country .
Indeed , after Geithner 's house sat unsold for nearly 3 months , the price dropped to $ 1.575 million .
Still there were no takers , so Geithner listed it as a rental for $ 7,500 a month , and has since found a tenant .
But it 's unlikely that even such a steep rent will be enough to cover the mortgage , in addition to the $ 27,000 in annual property taxes .
Of course , no one should feel too badly about watching Geithner take a loss .
As Treasury Secretary he 's earning $ 191,300 .
Meanwhile , home prices have plummeted 32.2 % nationwide since the height of the housing bubble in July 2006 according to Case - Shiller .
And millions of other homeowners who bought at the top of the market now find themselves unable to sell or refinance their way out of crushing monthly housing payments .
In April , home sales sank 36 % year - over - year in New York 's Westchester County , according to the New York State Association of Realtors .
But many homeowners are still refusing to lowering their prices , said Miriam Bernstein , an associate broker at RE / MAX Prime Properties in Scarsdale , N.Y .
The median sales price for a single - family home in the area was $ 570,000 in April , down 10 % from $ 635,000 a year ago , while the median price actually increased 12 % in April versus March .
Stiefvater said many Larchmont homeowners , like Geithner , are trying to rent out their homes while they wait for housing prices to bounce back .
" For now , [ many ] have the financial wherewithal to wait it out , " Bernstein said .
" Eventually , the people sitting on the sidelines are going to have to sell . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A woman with multiple sclerosis is facing an " impossible dilemma " over ending her life because of confusion over the law , Law Lords have been told .
Debbie Purdy , from Bradford , plans to go abroad to end her life but fears her husband may be prosecuted if he helps .
It is illegal to assist a suicide , but no - one has been charged over helping someone go to Swiss clinic Dignitas .
Her legal team said that if the law was not clarified she would have to end her life earlier than she wanted to .
The two - day House of Lords hearing , which started on Tuesday , represents the 46 - year - old 's last chance in the UK legal system .
It is ironic that the policy designed to protect the sanctity of life will have the effect of shortening the life of terminally - ill persons such as Ms Purdy
Lord Pannick QC , who is representing Ms Purdy
She has already lost High and Appeal court cases and if she loses this challenge the only option open to her would be to go to the European Court of Human Rights .
Ms Purdy was diagnosed with primary progressive MS in 1995 and is now losing strength in her upper body .
She has been in a wheelchair since 2001 .
Lord Pannick QC , who is representing Ms Purdy , said both she and her husband wanted to know whether he was likely to be prosecuted and what criteria the Director of Public Prosecutions ( DPP ) takes into account when deciding whether to bring a charge under the Suicide Act .
" While this will not provide a guarantee that the appellant 's husband will not be prosecuted it will enable the appellant to make a better - informed decision .
" If the risk of prosecution is sufficiently low , she can wait until the very last minute before travelling with her husband 's assistance . "
He said if the risk was high , she would have to go earlier while she was still fit enough to travel without assistance .
" It is ironic that the policy designed to protect the sanctity of life will have the effect of shortening the life of terminally - ill persons such as Ms Purdy . "
He added this amounted to an " impossible dilemma " .
Law
The hearing comes ahead of an attempt later this week by the former Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer to change the law .
He will table an amendment to the Coroners and Justice Bill to lift the threat of prosecution facing those who help somebody kill themselves overseas .
Lord Falconer said it was probably a crime under the current law to assist somebody to go to a clinic abroad - but nobody was usually prosecuted .
He said : " Debbie is right to say that that is a very uncertain position . "
Ms Purdy is also being supported the Dignity in Dying campaign group .
Chief executive Sarah Wootton said : " Parliament urgently needs to acknowledge the fact that people are travelling overseas to die - and this trend show no sign of stopping . "
But not everyone agrees .
Dr Peter Saunders , of the Care Not Killing Alliance , which represents a range of organisations including disability and Christian groups , said : " The current law is clear and acts as an effective deterrent to those who seek to push its boundaries whilst also giving scope for judges to temper justice with mercy in hard cases .
" To force the DPP to offer case - by - case guidance ahead of time would turn it into a consultancy service for law - breakers and would inevitably lead to instances of abuse . "
It is not the first time the issue has been raised in the courts .
In 2001 Diane Pretty , who had motor neurone disease , failed to get immunity from prosecution for her husband if he helped her to die in the UK .
Several attempts to legalise suicide in Britain have also been rejected .
In England and Wales , aiding or abetting a suicide is a crime punishable by up to 14 years ' imprisonment .
It is expected to be several weeks before a ruling is made public .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new VFAT patent avoidance patch
The claims of both of the VFAT patents involve the creation ( or storing ) of both a long filename and a short filename for a file .
The 2nd patch only creates / stores either a short filename or a long filename for a file , but never both .
The 11 bytes created by vfat_build_dummy_83_buffer ( ) to pad the field for short filenames cannot be used to access the file , and contain bytes which are invalid in FAT and VFAT filenames , and therefore are not filenames as that term is and has been used in the technical community .
Andrew Tridgell has posted a new patch intended to enable the kernel to work around the VFAT patents .
Unlike the previous version ( covered on LWN in May ) , this patch preserves the long filename functionality which is at the core of the patent .
There 's an associated FAQ which describes the patch and the approach which has been taken in its development and posting .
" Log in to post comments )
WASHINGTON , April 29 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he favored abortion rights for women but that passing a law guaranteeing those rights was not his top priority , trying to avoid inflaming divisions over the issue .
“ I believe that women should have the right to choose , ” Obama told a news conference marking his first 100 days in office .
“ But I think that the most important thing we can do to tamp down some of the anger surrounding this issue is to focus on those areas that we can agree on . ”
Noting that the number of U.S. teen pregnancies had begun to spike upward after a decline , Obama said he had started a task force within his Domestic Policy Council that is working with groups both supporting abortion rights and opposing abortion to seek a consensus on how to deal with the issue .
“ I would like to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies that result in women feeling compelled to get an abortion , or at least considering getting an abortion , particularly if we can reduce the number of teen pregnancies , ” Obama said .
As a candidate , Obama supported the Freedom of Choice Act , which would eliminate federal , state and local restrictions on abortion .
His stance on the issue , as well as his decision to lift many restrictions on stem cell research , angered groups opposed to abortion , including many Catholic and other Christian religious groups .
Asked about the Freedom of Choice Act at Wednesday ’s news conference , Obama said it “ is not the highest legislative priority . ”
“ My view on ... abortion , I think , has been very consistent , ” Obama said .
“ I think abortion is a moral issue and an ethical issue . ”
“ There are some who suggest that this is simply an issue about women ’s freedom and that there ’s no other considerations , ” he said .
“ I think , look , this is an issue that people have to wrestle with and families and individual women have to wrestle with . ”
Obama ’s stance on abortion has touched off a controversy over his invitation to speak at commencement ceremonies at Notre Dame University next month .
Mary Ann Glendon , a Harvard law professor and former U.S. ambassador to the Vatican , said earlier this week she would not accept a top honor at Notre Dame ’s commencement ceremony because of the Roman Catholic university ’s decision to invite Obama .
Several bishops also have criticized the university for the decision .
( Editing by Mohammad Zargham )
Techno bei Ulrich Meyers „ Einspruch ! “ im Jahr 1994
Der sich selbst bekennende Erfinder des „ Krawallfernsehens “ hatte zum quasi- TV - Stuhlkreis geladen .
Das Thema : Techno , ähh , pardon , Raver .
Und ja , das ist natürlich auch etwas peinlich und zwingt quasi zum Fremdschämen .
So wie das in jener Zeit oft war , wenn Leute versucht haben , dem TV - Zuschauer die Kulturrevolution der 90er zu erklären .
Lustig ist es aber auch .
Mit in der Runde : Westbam , Jürgen Laarmann und ( who the fuck is ? )
Ted Herold .
Alle auf Droge , versteht sich , außer Ted Herold natürlich .
Ach Gottchen , ist das irgendwie alles peinlich .
Dennoch ein tolles Zeitdokument , weil es heute eigentlich alle Zweifler lügen straft .
Und irgendwie haben sich die Technoiden doch ganz gut geschlagen , theoretisch zumindest .
Sowas würde ich ja gerne heute noch einmal sehen wollen .
Mit den selben Protagonisten und den Rückblick auf die letzten 15 Jahre natürlich .
Von mir aus auch mit Meyer und auf Sat 1 .
Part 1 :
( Direktlink )
Part 2 :
( Direktlink , via Nerdcore )
After my last post on What I Hate About Mercurial , seydar commented that I should contribute a patch to add untrack / forget functionality .
I decided to take the advice , stop being lazy and write one .
It 's a very , very simple change and I 'm not sure if it will even make it into the core repository , but even so it gave me a chance to figure out how to set up a decent development environment for hacking on Mercurial .
I figured that other people might find that information useful so I decided to write this .
This is meant to be a guide to get yourself set up to work on Mercurial 's code base and contribute your work back to the community .
It 's not a guide for actually working on the code .
I 'm going to go ahead and assume a few ( small ) things :
You 're running OS X or some form of Linux .
If you 're using Windows , I 'm sorry , but I just do n't use it enough to really help .
You 've got Python installed .
You 've got a copy of Mercurial installed in some way ( MacPorts , apt - get , source , etc ) .
You 're familiar with ( and have clients for ) IRC and email .
If those things are true , let 's get started .
The entire process should take between 15 and 45 minutes , depending on how comfortable you are with bash , Python , and Mercurial itself .
The first step to contributing is to join the community .
Things will probably go more smoothly if other developers have seen your name before and those other developers are a great resource if you get stuck .
Join the #mercurial channel on Freenode .
A lot of other Mercurial developers hang out in there and it's a good place to go if you want some really quick feedback .
Take a few minutes and register your nick on Freenode , just because it 's a good thing to do .
You should also subscribe to the Mercurial development mailing list .
That 's where you 're going to be sending your work , so it 's good to start getting an idea of how people use the list as soon as possible .
Now you 'll want to grab the Mercurial source code so you can start changing it .
The repository you almost certainly want to clone is the crew repository .
Several people ( listed here ) have write access to this and it's where most changes go before they 're pulled into the main Mercurial repositories .
Your want your changes to apply cleanly to the tip of crew if you want them to have the best chance of being accepted .
Go ahead and clone it somewhere on your machine ( replace hg - crew if you prefer a different name for the folder ) :
hg clone http://hg.intevation.org/mercurial/crew hg-crew
It 's going to take a little while .
Mercurial might be fast but its repository has over 8,600 changesets .
While you 're waiting you can move on to the next step .
This might not seem like it 's necessary , but trust me , it 's a good thing to do .
It will make things easier down the road , I promise .
No , really , take ten minutes and do this .
You 'll thank me .
virtualenv is a tool that lets you create separate Python development environments that are isolated from each other .
The packages and binaries for one wo n't contaminate the others .
It will make testing our work on Mercurial painless .
Open a new terminal window while the crew repository is busy cloning .
Install virtualenv in the usual Python fashion :
sudo easy_install virtualenv
Now install the virtualenvwrapper tool :
sudo easy_install virtualenvwrapper
This is a nifty little shell script that makes working with virtual environments much more pleasant .
Before you can use it , you 'll need to source it into your ~/. bashrc or ~/.bash_profile file , as well as choose a place to stick the environments themselves :
export WORKON_HOME=$HOME/lib/virtualenvs source /( path to python )/bin/virtualenvwrapper_bashrc
As you can see , I prefer to put the virtualenvs folder inside my ~ / lib folder .
You can change that to any place you like .
You 'll also need to replace the ( path to python ) with the actual path to wherever Python is installed on your system .
If you 're not sure , here 's a simple , slow , and horribly inefficient but effective command to figure it out :
find / - name ' virtualenvwrapper_bashrc '
2 > /dev/null
Once you 've got the necessary lines in your ~/. bashrc you can close that terminal window .
This is n't strictly required , but it 's polite and only takes a minute or two .
If you 've already got a method of sharing your repositories ( using hgwebdir with your website , for example ) go ahead and use that .
If not , head over to BitBucket , sign up for an account if you do n't already have one ( it 's free ) , and create a new public repository there .
I 've named mine hg - crew - sjl to be explicit about what it contains , but that 's not terribly important .
Why bother doing this when you 're just going to email your work anyway ?
Some people ( myself included ) find it easier to pull changes from another repository than to apply them from emails .
It also gets your changes out into a public place so other developers can view and modify your modifications .
It 's also nice to have an easily accessible clone of your personal repository if you 're not at your own machine and want to do some more work .
By now the crew repository should be finished cloning to your local machine .
The first thing we want to do is set up the paths so we can push and pull easily .
Modify the .hg / hgrc file inside that repository ( not your ~ /.hgrc file ! ) to look like this :
[ paths ] default = http://bitbucket.org/(username)/(repo name ) / crew =
http://hg.intevation.org/mercurial/crew
Replace ( username ) with your BitBucket username and ( repo name ) with the name of the BitBucket repository , obviously .
Now you can run hg push to push any changes you commit locally to your public BitBucket repository , and hg pull crew to grab new changes from the crew repository .
Make sure you 're in your local crew repository , and run :
make local
This will build Mercurial from the source files .
It should finish fairly quickly .
Once that 's done , run the tests to make sure everything is working correctly :
make tests
Those will take a long time to run .
While you wait , move on to the next step .
While the test suite is running you 're going to make a new virtual environment to use for testing your changes to Mercurial .
First you need to create it , so open up a new terminal window and run :
mkvirtualenv hg-dev
You can name it something else if you do n't like hg - dev .
Notice how your shell prompt now has ( hg - dev ) prepended to it ?
That 's there to remind you that you 're working in that environment .
Creating the environment automatically puts you into it for that shell session .
To get into it in the future you 'll use :
workon hg- dev
Now you need to link the Mercurial libraries you 're going to change to this environment , so you can use it to test your code .
Run the following three commands :
ln -s ( full path to crew ) / mercurial $ WORKON_HOME/hg-dev/lib/python2.6/site-packages/ ln -s ( full path to crew ) / hgext $ WORKON_HOME/hg-dev/lib/python2.6/site-packages/ ln -s ( full path to crew ) / hg $ WORKON_HOME/hg-dev/bin/
Replace ( full path to crew ) with the full path to your local crew repository , and hg - dev with the name of your virtual environment ( if you named it differently than I did ) .
It 's probably the most work in this entire process , so why did I insist you set it up ?
Watch this :
sjl at ecgtheow in ~ / src / hg - crew - sjl on default $ hg --version Mercurial Distributed SCM ( version 1.2.1 ) Copyright ( C ) 2005 - 2009 Matt Mackall < mpm@selenic.com > and others
This is free software ; see the source for copying conditions .
There is NO warranty ; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
sjl at ecgtheow in ~ / src / hg - crew - sjl on default $ workon hg - dev ( hg - dev ) sjl at ecgtheow in ~ / src / hg - crew - sjl on default $ hg --version Mercurial Distributed SCM ( version 7956a823daa3 ) Copyright ( C ) 2005 - 2009 Matt Mackall < mpm@selenic.com > and others
This is free software ; see the source for copying conditions .
There is NO warranty ; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
( hg - dev ) sjl at ecgtheow in ~ / src / hg - crew - sjl on default $
Look at the version numbers .
Notice how they changed ?
You can now use workon hg - dev to make the hg command run Mercurial with your changes !
This makes it simple to test your work as you go .
I keep two terminal windows open while working on the Mercurial source :
One is in my local crew repository to diff , commit , etc with the standard version of Mercurial .
The other is in a test repository .
I 've run workon hg - dev to switch to my modified version so I can try out my changes .
That 's it for the initial setup .
Now you can start adding all the wonderful features you have in mind .
A simple workflow might go something like this :
Open two terminal windows and use workon hg - dev in the second one to switch to the virtual environment .
Make some changes to the Mercurial codebase .
Test your changes in the second terminal window .
Repeat 3 and 4 , using the first terminal window to commit to the local repository as you go .
Once you 're finished with your shiny new feature , how do you get it into the main Mercurial code so we can all benefit from it ?
Before you go off and submit a patch , you need to make sure it works with the current tests .
You can run the tests by going to the repository and using :
cd tests python run-tests.py
It 's going to take a while , just like before .
If you changed something that modifies the output of a command it will probably break some of the existing tests .
That 's alright , but you 'll need to fix them to reflect your changes .
The simplest way to do this is to use the -- interactive flag :
python run-tests.py -- interactive
Using -- interactive will prompt you each time a test fails and ask if you want to accept the new output as the " correct " output .
This makes it simple to update the existing tests to take your changes into account .
Obviously you should only accept these updates if they make sense .
Pay attention to the output and make sure you did n't accidentally break something !
If you 've implemented an entirely new feature ( as opposed to just modifying an existing one ) you should add some tests of your own .
This will make sure no one else will inadvertently break whatever you 've added .
There 's a nice guide to this on the Mercurial site .
Follow it to add some tests for your changes .
From what I 've heard it 's preferable to append to an existing set of tests ( if it makes sense ) instead of adding a brand new test file — the tests run pretty slowly and adding new files make them even slower .
You 've finally got your code working and updated the tests .
It 's time to share your changes with the rest of the Mercurial developers .
If you want your patches to get accepted , you should take the time to read the guide to contributing changes and the guide to making successful patches on the Mercurial site .
They 're short but contain most of what you need to know .
I prefer to use the patchbomb extension to email the patches because it takes care of the formatting for me .
To enable and configure it you 'll need to make some additions to your ~/.hgrc file :
[ extensions ] hgext .
patchbomb = [ email ] method = smtp from = Your Name < you@yourdomain.com > [ smtp ] host = smtp.youremailhost.com username = yourusername tls =
True
You 'll need to tweak those settings with your own email address , mail server , and so on .
Once that 's done , you can have patchbomb package up your changes and email them out :
hg email -- rev ( your first revision ) : ( your last revision )
The command will guide you through filling out some more information , and then send out the patches .
hg help email has a lot more information on how to use it .
I usually email them to myself first just in case I mess up a revision number and email six thousand changesets .
Flooding my own inbox is much better than flooding the list's .
That 's about the extent of my knowledge on contributing to Mercurial .
As I said before , I 've only done one patch so far , but I wanted to write this while everything about setting up the environment was fresh in my mind .
If any of the other Mercurial developers would like to chime in and suggest corrections or additions — or if anyone has any questions — I 'll be happy to update the post .
I hope it 's helpful !
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) - House lawmakers on Tuesday approved a broad housing bill that would allow the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to temporarily borrow as much as $ 500 billion from the Treasury for the agency 's deposit insurance fund .
The legislation , which was approved by 367 - 54 , was originally introduced by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , D - Conn .
The legislation also makes it easier for a borrower to qualify for the Hope for Homeowners program that was approved by Congress last year .
The program , which seeks to help homeowners refinance , failed to attract sufficient interest last year .
This modified program streamlines the process and provides incentive payments to loan servicers to participate .
Another provision would allow renters of foreclosed properties to stay through their lease , or be given 90 days to vacate .
The legislation moves to the Senate next .
Going green —
By Stephanie on June 18 , 2009 at 6:46 am
You may be able to talk the talk when it comes to saving the environment , but what is your green bottom line ?
Would you use toilet paper made from post - consumer recycling products ?
Many people might answer the question “ yes , ” but then choose the plush , pillow -y softness of Charmin or Cottenelle when no one is watching .
But did you know that there is an , “ ahem ” Happy Ending to this story ?
Its true , you can wipe in comfort and still protect your green bottom line .
Time Magazine recently ran a story about the greenest toilet papers on the market , comparing the relative amounts of post - consumer recycle products , overall recycled products and … perhaps most important … comfort factor .
If you do n’t want to flush your money or the planet ’s virgin forests down the drain , then its time to consider the content of your toilet paper .
Fast facts :
Toilet paper with 100 % recycled fiber comprises only 2 % of the TP market in the United States
Using recycled materials is only part of the green equation – manufacturers also need to adopt less toxic bleaching processes
If every household in the United States replaced ONE single 500 - sheet roll of toilet paper with one made with 100 % recycled paper , 425,000 trees would be saved each year !
Greenpeace has been pushing the toilet paper issue for 4 years .
Some companies are responding – including Seventh Generation , Marcal Small Steps , 365 Everyday Value ( Whole Foods ) and Scott .
But American consumers are the hardest sell .
In Europe and Latin America , green toilet paper comprises 20 % of the market , as opposed to a paltry 2 % in the U.S.
We ’re not talking about sandpaper here , folks !
Time ’s article indicated that Seventh Generation brand toilet paper ( 80 % post - consumer , 100 % overall recycled ) is the best bet for comfort , value and “ greeness . ”
Why not conduct your own tush - test ?
What else can you do ?
Commit to buying toilet paper that is made with recycled products and stop purchasing plush “ Hummer - style ” TP from virgin forests .
Write to companies like Charmin , Cottenelle and Scott and request more green offerings .
If you work outside of the home , see if you can help influence the purchasing decisions so that your employer will buy the greenest toilet paper available .
Consider that a small sacrifice on the porcelain throne will help hundreds of thousands of trees .
What is YOUR green bottom line ?
How far would you go – or resist – to make a real difference ?
Dr Karl › Dr Karl 's Great Moments
In Science
Mussel myth an open and shut case
The habits of people choosing mealtime molluscs stick as tightly as a barnacle .
Dr Karl applies some muscle power of his own to wrench open the facts .
People love their seafood .
We humans have been eating mussels for thousands of years .
Now , I once believed two things about mussels .
First , that you should eat them only in months that had the letter ' R ' in them .
And that second , you should throw away the ones that do n't open when you cook them .
How easy it is to be wrong !
The first mussel myth is simple to debunk .
The advice to eat mussels only in months with the letter ' R ' applies only to the northern hemisphere , when the months of September through to April are when mussels are supposedly " in " .
That will teach me to get my gastronomic advice from European books .
The second myth is more complicated to correct .
Look at the influential cookery books of the 1960s , such as Larousse Gastronomique in 1965 and Italian Food by Elizabeth David in 1966 .
These books made absolutely no mention of discarding unopened mussels .
The myth seems to have been started by the English food writer , Jane Grigson in her 1973 publication , Fish Book .
The exact quote is :
Throw away any mussels that refuse to open .
According to Nick Ruello , the mussel expert and fisheries biologist , this advice stuck as tightly as a barnacle .
By the 1970s , some 13 per cent of cookery books were agreeing with Jane Grigson ; and by the 1980s , this had risen to 31 per cent .
By the 1990s , there was almost universal agreement among the cookbook writers — none of whom were fisheries biologists .
Indeed , Nick Ruello personally contacted two prominent Australian cookbook writers and asked them why they wrote this .
Their replies were that the information :
came from their young research assistants who did much of the work in preparing the latest book .
It was as though once the advice had been written down , it kept on spreading because other writers quoted it , without checking if it was correct or not .
And it was not .
Nick Ruello got involved in this mussel myth because he was commissioned to write a report for Seafood Services Australia , on the rather specific topic of adding value to mussels .
And of course , along the way , he cooked and ate over 30 batches of mussels , of various sizes , ranging from 21 to 111 mussels .
Now the mussel has a shell with two halves .
Thanks to some elastic ligaments , these two halves have a natural tendency to be open .
To keep them closed , the mussel has muscles .
It uses its specific adductor muscles .
When we cook them , the heat can have a few effects on the adductor muscles that keep the two halves of their shells stuck together .
Sometimes , the heat can denature the proteins in the adductor muscles so that they simply disintegrate , or sometimes , it can make one or both ends of the adductor muscles come unstuck from the shell .
Nick Ruello found that 1.9 per cent of mussels opened early .
These mussels opened before they had been cooked long enough to kill any potential pathogens in them .
If you removed them from the stove once they opened and ate these mussels , you would be at risk of food poisoning .
But you would get a strong hint from the texture of the meat — it would be unappetizing , jelly - like , un-coagulated , and stuck to the perimeter of the shell .
At the other extreme , he found that some 11.5 per cent of mussels remained closed after a so - called " normal " cooking time .
When he forced them open with a knife , every single one was both adequately cooked and safe to eat .
So , according to Nick Ruello , even if the adductor muscles refuse to bow to the heat , the meat is still safe to eat .
But on the occasions when he cooked them for a further 90 seconds , about one - seventh of them still remained shut .
And in the mussels that finally did open , thanks to the overcooking , the meat was now shrunken and tough .
The best way to check the safety of mussels is to check them before you cook them .
Mussels have such a small mass that if they are invaded by a pathogen or germ , they will be overwhelmed almost immediately , and will smell bad .
If we use the experimental evidence , and stop throwing out cooked mussels that stubbornly refuse to open , we can stop wasting each year some 370 tonnes of perfectly good seafood worth around $ 3 million .
So use a little brain muscle , and put the mussel where your mouth is .
^ to top
The Daily Star 's FREE newsletter is spectacular !
Sign up today for the best stories straight to your inbox Sign up today !
Thank you for subscribing
See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The sexy star said she did n't think her implants could take the G - Force on the new SAW horror thrill ride .
The 25 - year - old said as she was n't wearing a sports bra , she and her F - cup boobs had breast sit it out .
" My boobs will give me a black eye with all those spins or act as someone 's airbag , " she sighed .
And missing out on Britain 's newest thrill ride has made her think about a breast reduction .
" I 'm an E / F cup at the moment , " she said .
" But I 'm seriously considering going down to a C .
" I can't run properly and do n't fit into tops I want to wear .
The implants were an impulsive move I 'm starting to regret , even if they do look sexy . "
BABES ON FILM : SAUCY VIDEO VIXENS
Meanwhile , TV star Jonathan Ross could n't control himself when he tested the ride at Thorpe Park in Surrey .
The 48 - year - old presenter was so scared by the death - drop coaster that he loudly broke wind and was forced to apologise to his fellow thrill - seekers .
Red - faced Wossy pleaded : " This had better end soon or they might need to call in the cleaners . "
CLICK HERE FOR MORE CELEB BABES
I 'm A Celeb champ Joe Swash , 27 , who rode with soap babe girlfriend Kara Tointon , 25 , gasped : " After the jungle I thought a rollercoaster would be a breeze .
But that was a bit much ! "
The ride , based on the SAW horror movies , is described as a " beyond vertical " drop .
Riders plunge at an angle of 100 degrees from a height of 100 ft , making it the steepest freefall drop in the world .
Other celebs trying it out included singer Katie Melua , 24 , actor Ralf Little , 28 , ex Sugerbabe Mutya Buena , 23 and TV host Dermot O'Leary , 35 .
SEE MORE SEXY CHANTELLE PICS HERE
DAILYSTAR .CO.UK IS NOW ON TWITTER
The Blog Carnival Against Child Abuse .
Since Memorial
Day just past here in the states , we have a memorial or memory theme for this , our 24th , edition of the carnival .
Thanks to everyone who submitted posts this month and thanks -- in advance - - for reading and leaving supportive comments at the blogs of our courageous contributors .
Trigger Warning : Keep yourself safe as you read .
Understandably , child abuse can be a very triggering subject .
ChildPerson from " So , this May , while taking time to honor those military casualties and veterans of foreign wars , let ’s take a moment to remember those who died in home front wars and to honor those who survived . "
Amen !
Hello , everybody .
It 's Friday , May 29th .
Welcome to the May edition ofSince Memorial Day just past here in the states , we have a memorial or memory theme for this , our 24th , edition of the carnival .
Thanks to everyone who submitted posts this month and thanks -- in advance -- for reading and leaving supportive comments at the blogs of our courageous contributors .
from Child Person from the South says it all in the headline for her post , Celebrating Child Abuse Survivors : Veterans of Wars on the Home Front .
I like this quote from her post : Amen !
at her wonderful awareness - raising blog ,
I have a highly sensitive child myself .
I am so glad that he is safe with me .
He has given me the great gift and opportunity to give a child unconditional love and break the cycle of abuse .
Thanks for raising awareness about these youngsters , Concerning Kids .
Patricia Singleton is working on a wonderful survivor series called " Incest May Be a Part of My Life . "
Here , she presents part seven in the series : " This article is about a little girl with a story to tell .
She has no mouth to tell about the abuse .
She has no feet so she can't run away from the abuse .
The original story was written in 1989 to go along with the first in a series of oil paintings .
This painting was about feelings . " is working on a wonderful survivor series called " Incest May Be a Part of My Life . "
Here , she presents part seven in the series : A Little Girl 's Story --- Incest May Be A Part Of My Life Series --- Part 7 from her blog , Spiritual Journey of a Lightworker .
She remarks ,
This next post , from little sheep , is actually a poem .
It 's called , Since Little Sheep already has another poem in the poetry category , we 've got this poem about -- you guessed it -- therapy in this Healing & Therapy category .
Little Sheep writes at her blog ,
This next post , fromis actually a poem .
It 's called , oh therapy !
Since Little
Sheep already has another poem in the poetry category , we 've got this poem about -- you guessed it -- therapy in this Healing & Therapy category .
Little Sheep writes at her blog , my ( sick and ugly ) story
Colleen Spiro gives us some good , healthy perspective in her post , . gives us some good , healthy perspective in her post , Smile over at her blog , Surviving by Grace
I hope that this survivor community may be one of the things that gives you and your new wings strength , Buffalopine .
Thanks for sharing with us .
In The News
Shiv Dravid presents
presents SEX AND THE CITI - ZENS !
posted at The Viewspaper .
Thanks for joining us for the carnival and raising awareness about child sexual abuse in Inida .
presents .
I 'm glad that the story about child abuse within the industrial schools and orphanages run by the Catholic church in Ireland got some press and blogging time .
My friend , Marcella , always does an excellent job of covering these " In The News " stories .
Here , shepresents Irish Catholic Church Child Abuse posted at her blog , abyss2hope
Poetry
little sheep wrote
wrote may 10 - poem for her blog , my ( sick and ugly ) story .
I was just talking to my therapist about something similar today .
Hhmmmm ... how did she know ?
Thanks for sharing , Little Sheep .
Rick Belden wrote a poem about how trauma is stored in our bodies in , , saying , " Marj , wrote a poem about how trauma is stored in our bodies in , body memory posted at poetry , dreams , and the body , saying ,
Thank you for organizing the carnival for everyone .
If you decide on a ' father ' theme in June , I 'll have something to submit for that as well . "
Thanks in advance , Rick !
JIP presents
presents Little lost angels posted at Lifes Spacings .
It reminds us of the inhumane way that adults can actually treat little innocent , helpless children .
Thanks for your honest and courage in sharing , JIP .
I 'm noticing for this -- our 24th - - edition of The Blog Carnival Against Child Abuse , that we have more male survivors coming forward to share their stories , we also have several new carnival participants joining us and more international representation here .
I 'm very happy to see that .
Now , let 's make sure we get out there in cyberland and thank these folks for raising awareness with us by visiting their blogs and leaving comments .
Thanks !
Please Note :
We 're looking for a new host for the June carnival .
Some of you who have been participating by submitting posts to the carnival for a while may want to consider hosting a monthly edition .
It 's really quite easy , and I help you through it every step of the way .
Come on , you can do it !
Leave me a comment if you 're willing ( for June or anytime in the future ) .
All blog carnival entries are saved for our next monthly edition , no matter when they are submitted .
So , if you 'd like to get an early start and submit your blog post for next month , you can use our carnival submission form right here .
Labels : advocacy , aftermath , awareness , Blog Carnival Against Child Abuse , blog carnivals , Bloggers Unite , child abuse , community , healing , Poetry , therapy
There ’s nothing better than relaxing in or by the pool .
Here we look at 12 swimming pools that are worthy of your admiration .
These are no normal backyard pools .
1. Ledge Pool
This amazing pool in Singapore sits on top of a hotel on the 57th floor .
You can exercise or just relax and soak in the breathtaking views of the beautiful city landscape day or night .
There ’s also a poolside bar and restaurant available .
Image source : Marina Bay Sands
2. Baghdad Pool
Local ’s did n’t let the matter of a war stop them taking a swim .
Here a child plays in his backyard pool with his family as a soldier watches over keeping them safe .
Even in the darkest of times a pool can work its magic .
Image source : Boston.com
3. World ’s Deepest Pool
At 33 meters this is the world ’s deepest man made pool .
The Nemo tank in Belgium is used by scuba divers around the world holding 660,000 gallons of water .
It ’s heated by solar panels and retains a temperature of 86 degrees .
Image source : Wikipedia
4. Derelict ( Radioactive ) Pool
This abandoned pool can be found in Pripyat and was closed down after the disaster at the Chernobyl power station .
With a little more than chlorine in the water this radioactive hotspot actually remained in use after the initial catastrophe .
Image source : 30 years later
5 . The Mayan Temple Pool
The Mayan Temple slide in the Bahamas shoots you vertically through a living shark tank .
Recently one shark had its own leap of faith when it jumped the 1ft high barrier onto the slide .
As if the slide was n’t a thrill enough .
6. Auckland Hilton Hotel
This unique pool has an underwater viewing window that offers breathtaking views of the harbour .
If you dare you can swim up to the edge .
This swimming experience is a whole lot extra then your usual hotel pool .
Image source : Blogspot / New Gadgets
7. Infinity Pool
Infinity pools are designed in such a way that it looks like the pool stretches on forever .
This amazing example is at the Bulgari Resort in Bali .
Taking a dip into the crystal clear waters , you can look out onto the Indian ocean .
Image source : Flickr / asugarpeas
8. World ’s Largest Swimming Pool
Try holding your breath and swimming the length of this pool !
The mammoth pool is over 1,000 yards long and most people get around on small boats .
With 60 million gallons of water , there ’s plenty of room for everyone .
OLYMPUS DIGITAL CAMERA
Image source : Twisted Sifter
9. Balcony Pool
Ever wanted your own private pool at your hotel ?
Well at the riviera maya resort in Mexico you can as the room balconies become the pool .
If you ’re lucky enough to get one of these rooms you can step straight into tranquility .
Image source : Tripadvisor
10 . Golden Nugget Casino Pool
In true Vegas opulence this $ 30 million pool complex has a water slide passing through a shark infested tank .
You relax , have a drink and take in the amazing marine life that swims inches away .
Image source : Golden Nugget
11 . Geothermal Pool
Stay warm on the coldest days at the Blue Lagoon in Iceland .
The pool is heated from the geothermal power station next door and holds an average temperature of 102 F all year round .
The water is also packed with minerals to rejuvenate your skin .
Image source : Guide to Iceland
12 . Mega packed Pool
The job of the lifeguard must be intense at this pool in the Chinese province of Sichuan .
There ’s not much room to swim laps here as thousands of people turn out to enjoy themselves .
A bit of a contrast to number 8 .
Image source : Boston.com
Each of these pools show you do n’t have to conform to the norm , if you can dream it , you can swim it .
With sharks , crazy depths , idyllic scenery and mass crowds , there is a charm to every pool .
Put on that swimsuit and decide where you ’re going for a dip .
The surging popularity of the Twitter messaging service has broken at least one Twitter client application and affected another as a part of what is being called “ the Twitpocalypse . ”
Each message on Twitter is assigned a unique identification number .
On Friday evening , the number of tweets exceeded 2,147,483,6471 .
While that does n’t seem like a round number , it ’s the largest number that can be stored as the data type known as a “ signed integer . ”
Once that number was exceeded , some versions of some Twitter client apps could break in a fashion similar to what was expected during the Y2 K “ millennium bug ” era .
The first apparent victim of the Twitpocalypse was The Iconfactory ’s Twitterrific for iPhone , which stopped working immediately following the event .
Though The Iconfactory released a version of the app that the company felt addressed the Twitpocalypse , apparently that assumption was incorrect .
Twitterrific users on the iPhone and iPod touch who attempt to contact the service will receive a “ YAJL error 3 ” indication .
A tweet from Twitterrific developer Craig Hockenberry seems to indicate that he ’s fixed the bug , but now must wait for Apple to approve the bug - fix release .
The Iconfactory has suggested that Twitterrific users follow @twitterrific on Twitter for status updates .
Twitterrific users might want to use a free Twitter app such as Twitterfon or Twittelator in the meantime .
( Update : Twitterrific 's developers report that a fixed version has been submitted to the App Store and awaits Apple 's approval .
Update x2 : Apple rush - approved the bug fix in the free version of Twitterrific late Sunday , with the premium verison still to be approved . )
Atebits Software ’s Tweetie has also been affected by the Twitpocalypse .
The program continues to function for browsing and posting tweets , but searches no longer work in the Mac version and results appear one at a time in the iPhone version .
Tweetie developer Loren Brichter said on Twitter that he is working on an update to address the problem as well .
( Update : Brichter posted an update to Tweetie for Mac that addressed the issue on Saturday night . )
If you ’re experiencing problems with the Twitter client you use , check to see if you ’re using the latest version .
Most Twitter clients have already been updated to deal with this issue .
[ Updated 10:29 a.m. PT for a correction : it 's the Mac version of Tweetie that can't search at all , not the iPhone version .
Updated 6:15 p.m. PT with info about Twitterrific update .
Updated at 10:16 p.m. with info about Tweetie for Mac update .
Updated Sunday 6/14 at 9 p.m. PT with information about release of free Twitterrific with fix . ]
Intel 's record $ 1.44 million fine for breaching competition laws will open the floodgates for civil actions , a competition lawyer has said .
The European Commission issued its biggest ever competition fine to Intel , after ruling that Intel made secret payments and offered kickbacks to retailers in exchange for them exclusively stocking Intel products and not those of rivals .
The EU also said Intel offered rebates to computer manufacturers , to encourage them to use its chips rather than AMD's and to delay launches of products featuring its rival 's technology .
Intel denies the charges and promises to appeal the ruling .
But Intel could face even more payouts if Intel competitors , such as AMD , take civil cases on the back of the Commission 's regulatory action , according to Alan Davis , an expert in competition law at Pinsent Masons , the law firm behind OUT - LAW .
COM .
" This will open the floodgates for competitors to sue , " said Davis .
" There was a complainant in this case , AMD [ Advanced Micro Devices ] , and without question they and other competitors will pursue a case for damages . "
" The fine goes to the European Commission 's coffers , not to the competitors who suffered damage to their businesses because of Intel 's anti-competitive practices , " he said .
" What is likely to happen is that action will be started and a massive settlement will be made . "
Davis said the fine heralded a new era of tough anti-competitive enforcement in Europe , a sentiment that is being echoed in the US under Barrack Obama 's administration .
Gartner analyst Martin Reynolds also notes that AMD will not profit from this ruling , and foresees future civil cases .
" Intel will pay its fine , and carefully inspect its sales relationships to protect against risky influence .
AMD does not receive any money from the fine , which accrues to the EU tax budget .
And Intel 's greatest challenge will remain market growth , not market share , " said Reynolds .
" However , the decision paves the way for civil cases against Intel , with the main case due to go to trial in Delaware in 2010 , " he added , referring to a case filed by AMD against Intel back in 2005 .
AMD , unsurprisingly , welcomed the EC 's ruling : " Today 's ruling is an important step toward establishing a truly competitive market , " said Dirk Meyer , AMD president and CEO .
AMD 's statement went on to list all the antitrust cases that Intel has been involved in .
In 2008 , Korea issued Intel a $ 25.4 million fine for " abuse " of its dominant position .
In 2005 , the Japan Fair Trade Commission ( JFTC ) ruled that Intel had violated the country 's anti-monopoly laws by illegally forcing full or partial exclusivity with five Japanese PC makers .
A high - profile case in the US courts is still ongoing .
" Intel has so far failed to convince any antitrust enforcement agency that its business practices are lawful and pro-consumer , " AMD 's statement said .
This story , " Intel Could Face Civil Charges in Europe " was originally published by Computerworld UK .
Vince Shlomi , aka the ShamWow guy , has been injured yet again ... but this time in a non-prostitute fight kind of way .
Miami Beach police tell us the television pitch - man was involved in a head - on collision in Miami Beach late Thursday night .
Three vehicles were involved in the accident -- and Shlomi was in one of the two vehicles that struck each other head - on at an intersection .
Random Pixels first reported the incident .
There were no fatalities .
Mount Sinai hospital in Miami Beach confirms that Shlomi was taken to the ER as a result of the collision , but was released around 6 a.m.
Friday morning -- just in time to catch one of his commercials on reruns .
The puffin has been named Muffin by his rescuers
A puffin is being nursed back to health after being rescued during an attack by seagulls in Moray .
The injured bird was rescued by Jennie and John Stewart as they walked their dog in Lossiemouth .
They took the puffin , which they named Muffin , home and have been giving him cold baths and feeding him .
It is thought the puffin may have been in Lossiemouth after being blown off course .
He will be released once back to full strength .
' Running about '
Mrs Stewart said the puffin looked stressed when they saved him , and they took him back home wrapped in a scarf .
Her husband told the BBC Scotland news website that Puffin was being attacked when they discovered him .
He said : " We think the puffin was overcome by storms and was being attacked .
It was timely that we found him .
" He was quite feisty to start with but is now feeding well .
" He is now running about and flapping his wing .
He will be released when ready , he would perish otherwise . "
Somalia : Two thousand of foreigners are fighting against the government , minister
ADDIS ABABA ( Mareeg ) — Somalia ’s deputy prime minister and finance minister Sharif Hassan Sheik Aden said Tuesday that thousand foreign fighters were fighting against his fragile government in Somalia .
Sharif Hassan Sheik Aden who reached in Addis Ababa early this week said he went there to get military support from IGAD countries and the African Union .
The speaker of the Somali parliament Sheik Aden Mohamed Nor demanded from neighboring countries to send their military to Somalia last Saturday .
“ al Shabaab declared that it was getting support from al Qaeda and al Qaeda has also admitted that it was involved in the fighting in Somalia so the government has a right to seek help from IGAD and the African Union countries , ” said Sharif Hassan , the Somali deputy prime minister and finance minister .
“ The government tried to avoid fighting but al Shabaab and Hizbul Islam groups rejected our offer and started the fighting , ” the minister added .
Sharif Hassan Sheik Aden said his government would demand from the African leaders meeting in Tripoli , Libya to change the mandate of the African troops in Mogadishu known as AMISOM from peace keepers to peace makers .
By Ahmednor Mohamed Farah
[ email protected ]
Sponsored
In recent years , there has been a considerable amount of research activity to develop analysis tools to find bugs and security vulnerabilities .
However , most of the effort has been on analysis of source code , and the issue of analyzing executables has largely been ignored .
In the security context , this is particularly unfortunate , because performing analysis on the source code can fail to detect certain vulnerabilities due to the WYSINWYX phenomenon : `` What You See Is Not What You eXecute ' ' .
That is , there can be a mismatch between what a programmer intends and what is actually executed on the processor .
Even though the advantages of analyzing executables are appreciated and well - understood , there is a dearth of tools that work on executables directly .
The overall goal of our work is to develop algorithms for analyzing executables , and to explore their applications in the context of program understanding and automated bug hunting .
Unlike existing tools , we want to provide useful information about memory accesses , even in the absence of debugging information .
Specifically , the dissertation focuses on the following aspects of the problem :
Developing algorithms to extract intermediate representations ( IR ) from executables that are similar to the IR that would be obtained if we had started from source code .
The recovered IR should be similar to that built by a compiler , consisting of the following elements : ( 1 ) control - flow graphs ( with indirect jumps resolved ) , ( 2 ) a call graph ( with indirect calls resolved ) , ( 3 ) the set of variables , ( 4 ) values of pointers , ( 5 ) sets of used , killed , and possibly - killed variables for control - flow graph nodes , ( 6 ) data dependences , and ( 7 ) types of variables : base types , pointer types , structs , and classes .
Using the recovered IR to develop tools for program understanding and for finding bugs and security vulnerabilities .
Because executables do not have a notion of variables similar to the variables in programs for which source code is available , one of the important aspects of IR recovery is to determine a collection of variable - like entities for the executable .
The quality of the recovered variables affects the precision of an analysis that gathers information about memory accesses in an executable , and therefore , it is desirable to recover a set of variables that closely approximate the variables of the original source - code program .
On average , our technique is successful in identifying correctly over 88 % of the local variables and over 89 % of the fields of heap - allocated objects .
In contrast , previous techniques , such as the one used in the IDAPro disassembler , recovered 83 % of the local variables , but 0 % of the fields of heap - allocated objects .
Recovering useful information about heap - allocated storage is another challenging aspect of IR recovery .
We propose an abstraction of heap - allocated storage called recency - abstraction , which is somewhere in the middle between the extremes of one summary node per malloc site and complex shape abstractions .
We used the recency - abstraction to resolve virtual - function calls in executables obtained by compiling C++ programs .
The recency - abstraction enabled our tool to discover the address of the virtual - function table to which the virtual - function field of a C++ object is initialized in a substantial number of cases .
Using this information , we were able to resolve , on average , 60 % of the virtual - function call sites in executables that were obtained by compiling C++ programs .
To assess the usefulness of the recovered IR in the context of bug hunting , we used CodeSurfer / x86 to analyze device - driver executables without the benefit of either source code or symbol - table / debugging information .
We were able to find known bugs ( that had been discovered by source - code analysis tools ) , along with useful error traces , while having a low false - positive rate .
( Click here to access the dissertation : PDF . )
At New Scientist we love a good hoax , especially one that both amuses and makes a serious point about the communication of science .
So kudos to Philip Davis , a graduate student at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , who revealed yesterday on The Scholarly Kitchen blog that he got a nonsensical computer - generated paper accepted for publication in a peer - reviewed journal .
Earlier this year , Davis started receiving unsolicited emails from Bentham Science Publishers , which publishes more than 200 “ open- access ” journals – which turn the conventional business model of academic publishing on its head by charging publication fees to the authors of research papers , and then making the content available for free .
As the emails stacked up , Davis was not only encouraged to submit papers , but was also invited to serve on the editorial board of some of Bentham ’s journals – for which he was told he would be allowed to publish one free article each year .
“ I received solicitations for journals for which I had no subject expertise at all , ” says Davis .
“ It really painted a picture of vanity publishing . ”
Sheer nonsense
So Davis teamed up with Kent Anderson , a member of the publishing team at The New England Journal of Medicine , to put Bentham ’s editorial standards to the test .
The pair turned to SCIgen , a program that generates nonsensical computer science papers , and submitted the resulting paper to The Open Information Science Journal , published by Bentham .
Advertisement
The paper , entitled “ Deconstructing Access Points ” ( pdf ) made no sense whatsoever , as this sample reveals :
In this section , we discuss existing research into red - black trees , vacuum tubes , and courseware [ 10 ] .
On a similar note , recent work by Takahashi suggests a methodology for providing robust modalities , but does not offer an implementation [ 9 ] .
Acronym clue
Davis and Anderson , writing under the noms de plume David Phillips and Andrew Kent , also dropped a hefty hint of the hoax by giving their institutional affiliation as the Center for Research in Applied Phrenology , or CRAP .
Yet four months after the article was submitted , “ David Phillips ” received an email from Sana Mokarram , Bentham ’s assistant manager of publication :
This is to inform you that your submitted article has been accepted for publication after peer - reviewing process in TOISCIJ .
I would be highly grateful to you if you please fill and sign the attached fee form and covering letter and send them back via email as soon as possible to avoid further delay in publication .
The publication fee was $ 800 , to be sent to a PO Box in the United Arab Emirates .
Having made his point , Davis withdrew the paper .
Mahmood Alam , Bentham ’s director of publications , responded to queries from New Scientist by email : “ In this particular case we were aware that the article submitted was a hoax , and we tried to find out the identity of the individual by pretending the article had been accepted for publication when in fact it was not . ”
“ Why has n’t he attempted to contact me directly in order to determine my true identity ? ”
Davis responds .
Pay to speak
This is just the latest use of SCIgen to probe the vetting of scientific papers .
The program was devised by Jeremy Stribling , Daniel Aguayo and Maxwell Krohn , graduate students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , who first used it to generate a spoof paper that was accepted for presentation at the 2005 World Multi-Conference on Systemics , Cybernetics and Informatics ( WMSCI ) , which charged speakers $ 390 to attend .
Like conferences that rely on recruiting speakers to make money , Davis argues that little - known open - access journals may be under pressure to drop their standards for accepting papers to boost their revenue .
To be fair to Bentham , however , an earlier bogus paper submitted by Davis to another of its publications , The Open Software Engineering Journal , was rejected after peer review .
History of hoaxes
What ’s more , it seems that even some journals that charge readers for their content may be prone to accepting utter nonsense .
The SCIgen website reports another incident from 2007 , in which graduate students at Sharif University in Iran got a SCIgen - concocted paper accepted by Applied Mathematics and Computation , a journal published by Elsevier ( part of Reed - Elsevier , the publishing giant that owns New Scientist ) .
After the spoof was revealed , the pre-publication version of the paper was removed from Elsevier ’s ScienceDirect website .
Still , the succinct proof - correcting queries sent to the hoaxers by Elsevier , made available here by the SCIgen team ( pdf ) , make for interesting reading .
Melvin Scott , a retired mathematician based in Ocean Isle Beach , North Carolina , who serves as editor - in - chief of Applied Mathematics and Computation , says that the paper was accepted by an editor who has since left the journal .
“ I ’ve revamped the editorial board significantly , ” he adds .
Even if the cabinet remains , analysts said the government ’s collapse would undermine principal foreign policy aims of Mr. Topolanek ’s coalition , including plans for construction of a United States missile defense installation in the country , which is already under review by Washington .
This month , the Czech government temporarily withdrew treaties on the installation from the parliamentary ratification agenda in the face of an opposition threat to vote them down .
Karel Schwarzenberg , the foreign minister , sought to play down the significance of the vote , saying the opposition ’s attempts to score political points would backfire .
“ Paroubek is convinced that attacking the whole time is the best tactic and that will help him win elections , ” he said in an interview before the vote .
“ But the Czech people do n’t like it and would prefer that we have a cease - fire when we have the presidency of the E.U . ”
He emphasized that even with the no-confidence vote , under the Czech Constitution , the prime minister and his top ministers could stay on until after the Czechs ’ presidency of the European Union ends in June .
“ Our work as president of the E.U. will go on anyway , ” Mr. Schwarzenberg said .
“ Our European partners will see at the next E.U. conference that we are all there . ”
Analysts noted that although the Czech vote had been spurred by political infighting , it would nevertheless have the effect of undermining the Czech economy by unsettling already jittery foreign investors .
Political analysts said one of the greatest beneficiaries of the crisis could prove to be Mr. Klaus , an outspoken economic liberal , who is skeptical of the European Union .
He founded the Civic Democratic Party of Mr. Topolanek , but in recent months he has criticized the prime minister for being too fervent an advocate of greater European integration , and he recently resigned as honorary chairman of the party .
Under the Constitution , as president he has to designate a new prime minister , making him the new kingmaker in Czech politics .
“ Klaus is the big star when the government fails , ” said Adam Cerny , a commentator for the newspaper Hospodarske Noviny , referring to the president .
“ With Topolanek as a lame - duck prime minister , he and his controversial views will once again be back in the spotlight . ”
A suicide truck bomb killed at least 70 people Saturday and wounded 182 in a primarily Turkmen town in northern Iraq , less than two weeks before the scheduled withdrawal of most U.S. forces from the cities .
The bombing , which could exacerbate ethnic tensions in the volatile Kirkuk region , came as Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki warned that more attacks were expected as U.S. soldiers exit urban centers .
Residents of the Shiite Turkmen town of Taza Khurmatu , about 10 miles south of the city of Kirkuk , had just finished prayers at a mosque when the attacker detonated his explosives - laden truck .
Witnesses said the blast leveled more than 80 clay brick homes and damaged the mosque .
Rescuers dug through mounds of rubble looking for the wounded and pulling out the dead .
Advertisement
Medical officials said at least 70 people had been killed and 182 wounded and they worried that the casualty figures would rise .
The bombing is the latest in a series of attacks on northern Iraq ’s Turkmen minority since 2003 .
Taza Khurmatu sits in an oil - rich area home to a combustible mix of Arabs , Kurds and Turkmens .
Kurds wish to annex the Kirkuk region to Kurdistan , their semi-autonomous zone in northern Iraq .
Arabs and Turkmens fiercely oppose such a move .
Outside experts worry that the competition for control of the region could spark communal violence .
“ The impact of the blast threw me into a store .
A big fireball was coming my way , ” Mohammed Bashir said from his hospital bed in Kirkuk .
Three of his relatives were killed , he said .
Bashir demanded to know why his rural district had been targeted again and asked that the U.S. military not reduce its troop presence in the area .
Advertisement
“ We demand for the American forces to stay because their withdrawal means the return of Al Qaeda and . . . the return of sectarian war in all parts of Iraq , even after the relative security improvements , ” he said .
“ This explosion is only the start , ” he added .
“ We will see more .
What will happen later after the pullout of American forces ?
It will be even worse . ”
Turkmen politician Ali Mehdi , who sits on Kirkuk ’s provincial council and is a leader of the Kirkuk branch of the Turkmen Front party , called on Baghdad to give his community its own security force to protect its villages , as opposed to relying on mixed Arab , Kurdish and Turkmen forces .
“ The incident is related to the security profile and the withdrawal of U.S. forces .
We demand the prime minister establish a special Turkmen security force to protect and safeguard the Turkmen people , ” Mehdi told the U.S. - funded Alhurra satellite news channel .
“ We blame [ the attack on ] sides that do n’t want to grant the Turkmen people freedom and foreign sides that might want Iraq and Kirkuk unsettled . ”
Advertisement
The last year has seen U.S. forces in the north increasingly play the role of mediator as Baghdad and the region ’s emboldened Arab population have asserted themselves against the Kurds .
Kurdish fighters and intelligence agents help police parts of Kirkuk , Diyala and Nineveh provinces , with the aim of eventually appropriating areas they say were taken from them under Saddam Hussein ’s regime and his policy of Arabization .
Baghdad is now demanding that Kurdish fighters , called peshmerga , withdraw from areas outside Kurdistan .
Maliki also has begun replacing Kurdish officers , who had dominated Iraqi army leadership positions in the north .
It is unclear how active a role U.S. forces will be able to play in the north after they pull out of Iraqi cities at the end of the month .
Both American and Kurdish officers have worried about the potential for a miscalculation setting off fighting between Kurdish fighters and Iraqi army units .
Earlier Saturday , Maliki touted the scheduled June 30 departure , calling the day a “ big wedding ” for Iraqis but warned that the state ’s enemies would test Iraq ’s security forces .
Last week , a car bomb killed more than 30 people in a town outside Nasiriya in southern Iraq , which has been mostly quiet .
Advertisement
“ Do n’t feel strange if attacks take place here or there .
They will not get what they want ; you will see what our forces will do , ” Maliki said in remarks broadcast on state television .
In Taza Khurmatu , residents found little consolation as they wandered the landscape of flattened homes .
“ Whole families perished and were buried , ” said Hussein Baktash .
“ Look at the destroyed houses .
Nothing indicates that innocent people were living here an hour ago .
Everything has been devastated .
Everything is gone . ”
“ Nine members of my family are dead , ” he added .
“ Nothing is left from them but my little daughter Umm Al - Baneen ’s doll .
She was born 7 months ago and now she is all but a memory . ”
Advertisement
He sat down in the dirt where his house had been and started crying and calling his daughter : “ Where are you now ?
Where are your brothers and sisters ?
I ’m all alone now in this world . ”
He walked past what was left of the walls .
“ Here we used to sleep and here we used to eat .
Here my daughter Zahra used to run behind me and play with her siblings .
What kind of religion [ do the attackers follow ] ?
And what kind of humanity [ do they have ] ? ”
Nearby , dead chickens and cows were scattered in the debris along with children ’s toys .
Residents continued to dig with shovels hoping to find their loved ones as bulldozers ripped away dirt .
Advertisement
By 6 p.m. , the bodies of nine women and children had been carried out .
“ This attack is genocide , ” said resident Talal Bassim Askar .
--
ned.parker@latimes.com
Advertisement
Windawi is a special correspondent .
Times staff writers Saif Hameed , Caesar Ahmed and Usama Redha contributed to this report
Washington , DC —
The Supreme Court ruled today that the Clean Water Act permits a mining company to pump hundreds of thousands of gallons per day of a toxic wastewater slurry into an Alaskan lake , killing its fish and aquatic life .
The ruling has dire implications for other waterways across the country , but the Obama administration and Congress may act promptly to ensure lakes , rivers , streams , and wetlands are not destroyed by industrial waste dumping .
The Supreme Court 's 6 - 3 decision reverses a May 2007 ruling by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , which found the mining company 's permit in clear violation of the Clean Water Act .
" If a mining company can turn Lower Slate Lake in Alaska into a lifeless waste dump , other polluters with solids in their wastewater can potentially do the same to any water body in America , " said Earthjustice president Trip Van Noppen .
" The good news is that the problem is reversible .
It was caused by a Bush administration rule reversing thirty years of successful regulation under the Clean Water Act .
We call on President Obama to act immediately to repeal this rule and restore the original intent of the Clean Water Act . "
" The purpose of the Clean Water Act is to keep America 's waters safe for drinking , fishing , and swimming , " added Tom Waldo of Earthjustice , who argued the case on behalf of three conservation groups .
" The Clean Water Act was intended to halt the practice of using lakes , rivers , and streams as waste dumps .
Today 's decision does not achieve these purposes . "
The permit allows the Coeur d'Alene Mines Corporation 's Kensington gold mine near Juneau to pump over 200,000 gallons per day of a toxic wastewater slurry directly into Lower Slate Lake in the Tongass National Forest .
The dumping , which will take place over ten years , will eventually deposit 4.5 million tons of solids in the lake , killing nearly all its aquatic life .
The Bush administration approved the waste dumping permit after issuing a new rule in 2002 allowing industries to dump their solid wastes in waters .
" Mining companies have operated for years without having to dump toxic tailings into lakes , " stated Rob Cadmus with the Southeast Alaska Conservation Council .
" Even at the Kensington mine , more environmentally sound methods of dry land disposal are practical and able to get a permit . "
The Clean Water Act allows " fill material " to be put into waters for constructive purposes such as the creation of levees , seawalls , and the like , under permits issued by the Army Corps of Engineers .
For decades the regulatory definition of " fill material " expressly excluded waste , meaning the Army Corps could not permit waste dumps in waters .
In 2002 the Bush administration changed the definition of " fill " so that most solid material , including waste and contaminated materials , could be placed into waterways .
In the Kensington Mine case , the Bush administration expanded its interpretation of the rule , through an informal EPA memo that was never subject to public notice or comment , to allow dumping of toxic , industrial wastewater slurries directly into lakes and other water bodies , a practice that had long been prohibited by EPA rules .
The Court based its ruling on this informal memo .
This rule change can be reversed with a new rule issued by the Corps and EPA , by legislation , or by revising the informal EPA memo .
A bill already introduced in this Congress by Representatives Frank Pallone ( D - NJ ) and Dave Reichert ( R - WA ) would , if passed , accomplish this task .
The Clean Water Protection Act , H.R. 1310 , has 151 cosponsors .
" As this case has shown , it is essential that the misguided ' fill ' rule be reversed before more of our waters are lost and the communities and economies that depend on them are harmed .
President Obama 's administration and Congress can and should act to reverse it as soon as possible , " said Carl Pope , Sierra Club Executive Director .
Today 's decision is of great interest to Alaska Natives and fishermen in the Bristol Bay region of Alaska , hundreds of miles from Lower Slate Lake .
There , the proposed Pebble mega mine has proposed to dump waste into the headwaters of salmon streams that support the world 's largest wild sockeye salmon fishery .
Also watching closely are communities in Appalachia , where mountaintop removal coal mining operations have already buried more than 1,200 miles of streams under mining waste .
Earthjustice and Public Citizen Litigation Group represent the Southeast Alaska Conservation Council , Sierra Club , and Lynn Canal Conservation in the lawsuit .
The Joel Tenenbaum trial was to feature a first : Internet streaming of at least the opening hearing ( with the possibility of more to come ) .
The music industry objects , however , and has now filed an appeal .
The first objection to putting video online appeared to stem from concern that it would prejudice the potential jury pool .
The judge in the case called this argument " specious " and ruled in favor of Tenenbaum , who is represented by a Harvard law professor and a class of law students .
Now , the students send word that the RIAA actually cares enough about the issue to seek a stay of the ruling from the First Circuit Court of Appeals .
The Great Experiment , which would have seen video of the hearing streamed next week to anyone in the world by Harvard 's Berkman Center , might be over before it has even begun .
What 's that , you 're still printing your business card on paper ?
That is so last year .
These days , business cards are going all virtual and that 's a good thing .
Not only are paperless business cards good for the environment , and easier to carry , they 're also unlimited — you 'll never run out when you 're networking at an event or conference .
But there are a bunch of different ways to construct a virtual business card , which is right for you ?
Below are eight ways to build a virtual business card that you can use to send your information to contacts the next time you 're at a networking event .
Please share any other services you use in the comments .
Use Your Phone
1. SMS - While it 's true that almost everyone you meet is going to have a pocket to store your business card in , it 's also true that almost everyone you meet will have a cell phone as well — and they 're likely to be a lot less cavalier about losing , misplacing , or throwing away their phone than they are about your business card .
The services below allow you to beam your business card via SMS text message to interested parties .
Contxts - Send and receive 140 character business cards via text message for free .
140 characters does n't seem like a lot , but it 's enough to include vital contact information ( like name , business name , phone # , and email ) .
See our previous review of Contxts here .
TextID - Meet someone new and tell them to text message your username to a short , six digit number .
In return , they 'll receive your contact info via SMS .
The service costs $ 19.95 / month with 250 free texts .
DUB -
Once you 've created your business card on DUB 's web site you can then have it sent to other users by email or SMS simply by sending a text message to the DUB site .
DUB actually could have fit into almost any of the categories in this section since it supports email , SMS , and they have iPhone , Android , Blackberry , and Windows Mobile applications , as well as a web interface .
2. Mobile Web - MyNameIsE is essentially a mobile social network of business cards .
The site collects together all of your social profiles into a virtual business card that is accessible via mobile web and iPhone - optimized web sites .
When you meet a new contact , simply enter each other 's usernames and a connection is made .
Perhaps more interestingly , though , the people behind " E " have created a USB dongle called the E Connector ( pictured above ) that they plan to sell to trade show and conference organizers as a way for attendees to more easily share information .
The dongle , which is about the size of the keyless entry keychain fobs used for automobiles , can automatically share contact information when it comes near another Connector .
3. Email -
Why manually email your contact information to someone you 've just met when you can tell your phone to do it for you ?
Check out the services below , which combine the ease and ubiquity of text messaging with the power of email to share your virtual business card with colleagues .
Dropcard is a lot like Contxts and TextID , but it 's focused on email .
After you create a profile , anytime you meet someone you just text their email address to a special number and they 're emailed your virtual business card .
Dropcard is free for up to 5 connections per month , but for heavy networkers , opt for the $ 9.99 / month plan that allows you to send unlimited cards .
WeaveMet - WeaveMet is a similar service that lets you send your contact information to people you meet via email or text message .
You simply instruct the service ( via SMS ) to email new contacts your information , along with a short note ( like where you met ) .
4. iPhone -
There are a number of great iPhone business card sharing applications available in the App Store , and we profiled a bunch of them last month .
One of my favorites is beamME , which lets you create a vCard and send it to anyone you meet via email , mobile number , or even Twitter direct message .
But check out last month 's roundup for a number of great options .
Use Your Social Media Profiles
While mobile phone - centric applications are very helpful in the field , they only provide room for the most basic of information .
The options below will help you create a more complete business card .
5. Social Networks - Social networks , especially those that cater to business usage , are an amazing replacement for business cards .
Most people you meet are probably going to Google your name anyway , so filling out profiles on prominent social networks is a good way to make sure that what they find is what you want to present .
LinkedIn , or Xing if you live in Europe , are good places to start .
Linked
In offers tools to help you connect further with people you 've met via networking events , as well as a way to communicate with them without having to give out your personal contact information .
Be sure to complete your entire profile and pick an appropriate vanity URL .
Another option that should n't be overlooked is Facebook .
Privacy controls make it possible to keep your business and social contacts separate , and the coming addition of vanity URLs will make it a lot easier for people to find you .
6. Google Profile -
On the whole , Google Profiles are pretty basic — they 're yet another place to list standard biographical information and profile links .
But because they now figure so prominently into Google search results , it 's a very good idea to set yours up as part of your virtual business card strategy .
Further , short vanity URLs make them really easy to share .
7. Twitter - Everyone is already exchanging Twitter user names when they meet at conferences because they 're short , easy to remember , and a great way to invite someone to connect with you without having to exert much effort .
In May , we profiled a new app that allows you to send business cards over Twitter .
twtBizCard makes sending a business card via Twitter as a easy as appending a hashtag to the end of an @reply directed at the person who you want to send information .
The nice thing about sending a virtual business card this way is you can use the remaining tweet space to include a message about where you met .
8. Profile Aggregators -
As a whole , every one of your social media profiles paint a picture of your online identity , so you may very well want to include those profiles as part of your virtual business card .
But for social media junkies , that becomes a difficult prospect — sharing a bunch of social media profiles URLs just is n't easy .
An elegant way to deal with that problem is by using a profile aggregator .
We recently reviewed a number of ways to share your social media profiles , but two you should pay special attention to are Retaggr and Chi.mp .
Retaggr creates a virtual social media business card that you can share and embed .
The card includes links to all of your social profiles and even pulls in dynamic content ( like blog posts and tweets ) .
Chi.mp , meanwhile , gives users their own yourname .
mp domain name and aggregates content from socials sites that you use .
The reason Chi.mp is ideal for business use is that it has advanced privacy settings that allow you to create special profiles for different users — i.e. , so that your business contacts never need to see pictures of your kids from your Flickr stream .
What About All Those Old Cards ?
So now your business card is completely virtual , what do you do with your old paper cards ?
Well , it 'll probably still be a few years before the business card completely goes the way of the Do Do , so hang on to a few of them .
However , there is something you can do about all the paper business cards you collect at networking events .
If you send your collection of business cards to CloudContacts , they 'll scan and organize all that information for you .
You can view all the business cards you 've collected from people you 've met online , and download that information to desktop email clients like Outlook , Entourage , Thunderbird , and Exchange .
Once they 're done scanning , CloudContacts will either return your paper cards to you or recycle them .
More social media resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , P_Wei
Today on the talking head shows , reaction to the Iranian election was a great example of what is most wrong with TV coverage of foreign policy and international relations .
A host of people with no knowledge , expertise or insight on Iran or the Middle East ( most of whom do not seem to know so much as the name of Mirhossein Mousavi , referring to some unnamed “ opposition candidate ” ) were invited to give their evaluation of the results as if their views on the matter merited consideration .
The worst of the lot was John King ’s show on CNN , during which the insufferable “ power couple ” James Carville and Mary Matalin were asked what they thought about the results and their implications for US - Iranian relations .
The answers were predictably tinned , and represented the maddening tendency on cable TV for all complex foreign policy issues to get reduced to a partisan political debate between GOP and Democratic party hacks aimed solely at spinning the issue for what are ultimate electoral purposes .
It is , in the final analysis , interesting to see how the two parties and other domestic political factions are positioning to use these issues in their sub-ideological power struggles .
But surely those questions must be a corollary to a proper and informed analysis of what is actually going on overseas and not a substitute for it , as it so often is in TVland .
On NBC ’s Meet The Press , which has still not recovered from the tragic early death of Tim Russert , Joe Scarborough fell into the trap of welcoming the re-election of Ahmadinejad as “ good for the United States ” in the long run .
Perhaps he simply means that , from his GOP - centered perspective , this result will be bad for Obama , and hence good for the United States , but it seems more likely that he actually thinks that our country benefits from the public face of Iran remaining this malevolent clown with his apocalyptic rhetoric and no ability to conduct a constructive foreign policy for his own country .
This only makes sense if one has concluded that war is inevitable and the challenge now is making the case for it to the American people and international public opinion .
As I noted the other day , extremists tend to like other extremists and seem to feel threatened by even a hint at moderation .
The Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz makes the same mistake from their own point of view .
I would also note that the AP is now predicting , as I did yesterday , that Netanyahu will probably be making the most of Ahmadinejad ’s reelection in his major foreign policy speech which is to be delivered later today .
I was once on a major financial news network to discuss stereotyping against Arabs and Muslims in the entertainment industry .
I was fully made - up , IFBed and sitting in front of the camera , waiting for the interview to begin .
Then word came through that the Fed had made a minor adjustment to the prime interest rate .
For the next 45 minutes I was assured that we would be coming to segment soon , but that this story required immediate attention , which was perfectly reasonable .
I was then informed , also perfectly reasonably , that the story on the prime required uninterrupted focus at that time , and that I would be invited back the following day to discuss stereotyping .
Unless , it was added , I cared to comment on the adjustment of the prime myself .
It was an interesting , but ultimately simple , ethical and practical choice : I could have commented on something I essentially know nothing about and thereby have acquired two , instead of one , valuable opportunities to promote the organization I worked for at the time , which was employing me precisely to do so ; alternatively , I could have honestly declined and simply returned the following day to talk about something I actually know about .
It was an easy choice to do the latter , as I did , but also oddly tempting for a fleeting moment and a representatively absurd situation .
Ever since I have had an even greater appreciation for the sheer shamelessness of those who agree to pontificate on subjects about which they are utterly unqualified and the fecklessness of the producers and stations that give them the chance .
By contrast , C - Span , which is often a bastion of substance in this landscape of dross , featured an excellent interview with Karim Sadjapour of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on its Washington Journal program .
Sadjapour pointed to the extremely suspicious “ fact ” that Mousavi , an ethnic Azeri , was supposedly trounced in Iranian Azeri areas , which he compared to the idea that McCain would have sounded beaten Obama in African - American districts .
He also deftly navigated a reasonable space between those callers who simply accepted the official account of the election results and blamed the US for all problems in US - Iranian relations and those who indulged in Islamophobic rhetoric , which he properly and frankly described as “ asinine . ”
Not being a noted , all - purpose talking head , or a GOP or Democratic party apparatchik , Sadjapour ( like most other real experts ) was sadly missing from the more well - watched cable channels .
As usual .
Most web designs starts off with a pen and paper before its taken over by Photoshop .
However , we ’ve noticed a new trend ( probably not too new ) where designers are bringing back sketches as a form of design .
Without a doubt , hand - drawn art is one of the popular styles adopted into web designs .
Nothing is better than using these sketchy designs to convey and reflect individual styles .
In this post , we ’d like to show you 50 great examples of how hand drawing art and web design can fit beautifully together .
Full list after jump .
K4 Laboratory
Esteban Muñoz
Studio IMG
Espuma Restaurant
Agami Creative
Biola Undergrad
Kusoyama
XM Radio – Wild Ride
WeFail
Web Designer Wall
Dean Oakley Web Design
Fat Heads Creative Studio
Booma Web Design
Boompa
Casio Exilim Lab
Bootb
Richard Stelmach
Dax and Alice
We Are Not Freelancers
Von Dutch Originals
Toucouleur
Simon Reynolds
Teresa Walsh
Satsu Design
St. Francis is Happy in Greenville
Squidfingers
Flossy Yannik
Pointless Ramblings
Philippe Mignotte
QuakeQuizSF
Mplusz
New Art for a New Era
Christian Sparrow
Matt – Multi Account Twitter Tweeter
Mariska
Lucuma
Mikimottes
Mobious
Kutztown University
Kitty Attack
Look Designs
Idiotic Adventures of Philippe and Pierre
Lionite Internet Ventures
Get ready to rox
Elan Snowboards
ARS Media
It Looks Good
Jesus Rodriguez Velasco
Kinetic Singapore
Bearskinrug
• Spam – 90.4 % in May ( an increase of 5.1 % since April )
• Viruses – One in 317.8 emails in May contained malware ( a decrease of 0.01 % since April )
• Phishing – One in 404.7 emails comprised a phishing attack ( an increase of 0.11 % since April )
• Malicious websites – 1,149 new sites blocked per day ( a decrease of 67.7 % since April )
• Spammers continue to abuse reputable domains and web - based malware more likely to be found on older domains
• Geographic location determines at what time of day you receive spam
• “ Russian ” spam squarely rooted in Cutwail botnet
Source : Symantec Corp .
It 's not your imagination .
You are getting more spam in your e-mail inbox .
Symantec , which focuses on Internet security and storage , issued a report this week that said a stunning 90.4 percent of e-mail on corporate networks this month was unsolicited .
That 's a 5.1 percent jump over April .
The report highlights :
The primary kind of spam are those with a subject line and little more than a hyperlink in the body of the e-mail , Symantec said .
The originating e-mail addresses also are being created on valid free webmail sites ( think Yahoo , GMail , Excite , MSN , etc. ) by bots that are managing to evade the CAPTCHA so are harder to avoid by using spam filters , Symantec said .
The user profiles on the sites are set up with the primary image being whatever product ( Viagra , anyone ? ) the spammer is trying to sell .
Though the spamming varies by time of day , the majority of it is during the workday - primarily during the U.S. workday .
No surprise then that nearly 35 percent of the junk mail is originating from North and South America .
A little less is originating in Europe and less than 28 percent is birthed in Asia , according to Symantec .
Interestingly , most of the malware that 's spread this way is hosted on more established sites - those that have been around for a year or more ( think of Internet time as dog years - a year is old ! ) .
Nearly 85 percent of the malware was on such sites .
They 're generally considered to be more reputable , so it 's more insidious that way ; if you 've visited a site several times , why would n't you click through ?
And you may have noticed you 've received a lot more spam in Russian or with gibberish subject lines - the Russian used in them is basically a coded message .
That message often has something to do with manliness being ... renewable or something like that .
These types of emails already account for 2 percent of spam .
Adam O'Donnell , a researcher with antispam vendor Cloudmark , told ComputerWorld that spammers are using human networks to send hundreds of thousands of messages a day .
Symantec 's entire report is in a downloadable PDF here
Most women do not understand a thing about men
Men are mysterious beings .
There is no way women can ever understand men ’s logic , just like men can never understand what women want from them .
Women typically think of men as strange human beings , whose actions go beyond their understanding .
For example , men do not want to meet a woman again after a very good date , they can suddenly disappear and leave phone calls and text messages unanswered , they say that they never want to get married , but then become faithful husbands .
Most women do not understand a thing about men
What if women simply do not want to know the true reasons that make men break up a relationship , lose a phone number and make proposals to other women ?
What if women prefer not to know those reasons just because they may not like them ?
What if women prefer to believe only what they want to believe ( all men are assholes ) ?
Here is the all - matching answer to all of those questions .
Why does n’t he call me ?
Because he does n’t like you .
Why did he leave me ?
Because he does n’t like you .
Why did he disappear ?
Because he does n’t like you .
This may probably be true , although it does not explain men ’s indifference .
Women tend to think of themselves as victims of men ’s games .
As a rule , they do not acknowledge any responsibility for an unsuccessful relationship and think of men as emotional criminals .
The woman ’s world evolves around Bridget Jones Diaries and Sex and the City .
This world portrays men as either charming scoundrels or ‘ weddable ’ downers .
Any man would agree with the following saying : “ We are not that weird and mysterious as women think of us .
We are guided by sex , although we pretend to have other motives too . ”
If it is true , why would a man ever want to have a family ?
Are n’t they supposed to inseminate as many women as possible ?
However , even a hopeless bachelor can become a caring husband .
They say that it is very hard to find a good man .
On the other hand , if you ask a lonely guy he would definitely tell you that it is very hard to find a good woman too .
To put it in a nutshell , women can ruin relationships just as easily as men can .
Women can be just as violent in a relationship , although people prefer not to talk about it too much just because of the fact that men are stronger emotionally and physically .
One should always bear in mind the fact that men can suffer from loneliness and one - way love .
Superstyle
Make space for those goals in your life .
That seems an obvious statement does n’t it .
But what if you want to study a course that will help you to further your career .
Take a look at your life and see how much time do you actually have available .
Will a new goal fit into your life if you are already rushing every day to complete the tasks you have to do in terms of your commitments to work , your relationship with your partner , the time with your elderly parents , the hobby you have , the musical instrument you are trying to learn , the marathon you want to run for the first time and never mind keeping in touch with your friends ?
Where in the busy schedule would a course fit ?
Not very likely .
But you sign up for it anyway .
Within the first month you find yourself not attending the evening classes and not handing in assignments .
You just do n’t have time .
You need to make way for that goal if you are serious about achieving it .
University Business Schools know all about the falls off rate of students who sign up for MBA ’s or Management Advancement Programs .
The drop out rate is something like 40 % within the first term of the course and only about 70 % or so finish .
And yet at sign up time every student is informed as to how much time they will need to free up for this course .
Read
Somehow in our minds the time available to us has an elasticity that has no boundary .
Of course this is not the case and many times we set ourselves up for failure by not de-cluttering our lives sufficiently to make time to achieve a goal we have set .
Examine your day and see where you spend your time .
What of the time is being wasted on non-essential activities , which of those can be let go and which activities have to be kept .
Get rid of the clutter that keeps you frantically busy but that gets you absolutely nowhere .
We all have mountains of clutter around .
This could be physical clutter that means that every time we are looking for something it takes twice the time to find .
It could be tasks that we have taken on ourselves such as doing all the housework while our partner watches TV that easily eliminate our free time .
Or it could just be too many repetitive activities such as running to clear the mail once a day instead of once a week , or finding a quicker route to work , or using an easier shop close by for the daily grocery requirements .
All it needs is a closer look at what you fill your day with and with some clever planning you could free substantial time for all sorts of great achievements .
Check against everything you do in a regular day whether this needs doing or whether it can be relegated to the trash can of bad habits .
You will be surprised how much time you spend on aimless tasks that add no value to your life .
Just alone canceling some of the time spent in front of the TV could help you find the time needed to attain a wonderful goal such as learning a new language .
A Washington state man who was incorrectly identified as a suspect in an assault on May 10 , is now clinging to life in critical condition .
Christopher Harris , a 29 - year - old Edmonds man is in a coma , with skull fractures after being pushed into a wall by a King County sheriff 's deputy working the Metro Transit overnight shift on foot patrol .
Harris had started to run after deputies ordered him to ' stop , ' and sustained his injuries after deputies caught up with him near a Seattle ' Cinerama . '
It remains unclear why Harris decided to run .
After Harris is slammed into the wall , the deputy then drags him away from the wall by one arm , and attempts to handcuff him before seeming to realize the seriousness of Harris ' injuries and calling for help .
The King County sheriff 's department released a surveillance video , along with their internal investigation results of the incident last week .
The investigation of their deputy found in a preliminary review that he ' appeared ' to have acted lawfully .
SeattlePI reports : A Metro Transit police officer appears to have acted lawfully when he plowed into an Edmonds man during a foot pursuit in Belltown this month and caused the man 's head to slam against a wall , the King County Sheriff 's Office reported Thursday .
Christopher Harris , 29 , has been in a coma since May 10 , the day that he inexplicably ran from two police officers who were incorrectly told that Harris was involved in a robbery at a convenience store at Second Avenue and Bell Street .
After announcing the investigation 's results , the Sheriff 's Office released video from three security cameras that captured the chase , including the final seconds when Deputy Matt Paul overtook Harris and shoved him into a wall at the Seattle Cinerama Theater at Fourth Avenue and Lenora Street .
A Sheriff 's
Office spokesman said that upon a preliminary review , the deputy 's conduct appears to be lawful .
The investigation , however , will be reviewed by the Prosecutor 's Office , Sheriff 's Sgt. John Urquhart said during a news conference at the alley where the chase started .
"
We 're looking at this as a tragic accident .
Nothing more than that , " he said .
The sheriff 's department is expected to conduct another investigation to determine if the deputy involved followed departmental policies , and is continuing to seek more witnesses in the case .
The main country road that passes by
Las Cuadras , a poor rural area in the zone of El Valle , in the
Venezuelan state of Mérida , sports a new roofed waiting area and
sidewalk .
Julio Cerrada , a spokesman for the Las Cuadras community
council , shows me these and other recent projects , including a
decorative arch at the neighborhood ’s entrance and a large metal
garbage container .
Then Cerrada takes me to the end of the mountain
road , where the community council of La Culata has constructed a
pathway consisting of two paved tracks extending about 300 yards
uphill , which allows potato and carrot farmers to transport their
produce by vehicle and also opens the area to tourism .
A small
cooperative , called Paseos a Caballo de La Culata , takes tourists on
horseback up the pathway , whose entrance is now marked by a large
plaque celebrating the figure of Simón Bolívar .
Cerrada tells me the
cooperative is requesting state financing to construct a tourist
station at the pathway ’s upper end .
Twenty - four community councils in El Valle have received government
financing for a diversity of such undertakings .
Nationwide , Venezuela’s
some 20,000 local councils , legally established in 2006 , are tackling
development projects considered priorities by their respective
communities .
Most of the completed works in El Valle were carried out
by the voluntary labor of community members , while materials and tools
were purchased with state funds .
About half of the able - bodied members
of Las Cuadras participated in that community ’s joint efforts , Cerrada
tells me , and tools , including a wheelbarrow , shovels , pickaxes , and
machetes , are now being lent to families .
“ There is a greater sense of
trust and cooperation in communities of several hundred families than
you get when larger numbers of people are involved , ” he says .
The Law of Community Councils , enacted in April 2006 , offers
neighborhoods funding once they organize democratically and submit
feasible projects to state agencies .
Each council represents between
200 and 400 families who approve of priority projects in neighborhood
assemblies .
By planning , administering , and financing public works and
housing construction in their barrios , the community councils represent
not only the government ’s most recent success in jump - starting popular
participation , but also a radical break with the past , when these
activities were undertaken by the city , state , or national government .
The structure of the community councils , as defined by the 2006 law ,
differs from that of the Venezuelan worker cooperatives , which had
their heyday in 2004 and 2005 .
Whereas the cooperatives were headed by
presidents , some of whom abused their position by pocketing state
funds , the community councils are horizontally structured , with all of
their leaders ( called voceros , or “ spokespeople ” ) working free
of charge and considered of equal rank .
Spokespeople can belong to no
more than one of their council ’s various commissions , which include a
communal bank , which handles grant money ; a “ social controllership , ”
which monitors spending ; and an “ employment commission , ” which enlists
qualified community members for remunerative jobs and attempts to
ensure that they receive preferential hiring .
All decisions , including
the selection of spokespeople , are ratified in an “ assembly of
citizens , ” which represents the community council ’s “ maximum instance
of decision making , ” according to the 2006 law .
The large number of community councils established in 2006 eclipsed
the Local Planning Councils created by the Hugo Chávez government in
2002 to permit community members to devise projects , but which ended up
largely under the control of mayors who packed them with their own
followers .1
The 2006 law was designed to achieve greater
independence vis-à - vis local government by allowing the community
councils not only to conceive their own projects but also to execute
them .
The councils thereby put into practice the “ participatory democracy ”
embodied in the 1999 Bolivarian Constitution drafted by Chávez’s
followers .
Some of their activities also reflect Chávez ’s discourse ,
which minimizes the importance of “ experts ” or “ technocrats ” and
stresses the will of the people and their capacity to solve all
problems , even highly technical ones .
Thus , for example , the community
council members in charge of handling money act collectively in
commissions , but many lack prior financial experience or training ,
following a “ learn as you go ” approach .
Advanced technical skills are required for some projects , like
extending electric lines to new communities and constructing dozens of
houses , as well as converting shacks into houses ( known as ranchos por viviendas dignas ) .
Typically , community councils in nonprivileged sectors contract a
company or a cooperative for these more ambitious jobs , but insist that
a large number of positions , including skilled ones , be filled by
neighborhood residents .
The funding for the councils ’ projects comes from a variety of
sources , including gubernatorial and municipal governments , the
Ministry of Participation and Social Protection , the state oil company
PDVSA , FIDES ( a fund derived from the value - added tax ) , and LAEE
( derived from mining and oil revenue ) .
Lengthy procedures are designed
to ensure that the money assigned to community councils is well spent ,
unlike what happened with many of the cooperatives .
However , due to the
diversity in sources of financing , the application and requirements for
funding vary , as do inspection procedures , thus complicating the
councils ’ everyday operation .
In most cases , the state allocates money to the councils in two or
more tranches and inspects the results , taking numerous photographs
midway through the job .
“ Promoters ” who work for the state government
or the FUNDACOMUNAL office of the Ministry of Participation and Social
Protection provide guidance to individual councils and then inspect
their work on the basis of “ social criteria ” in order to confirm that a
given project benefits the anticipated number of families .
The Ministry
of Infrastructure and other ministries also carry out inspections on
the basis of “ technical ” criteria .
The community council is required to
send a balance statement each year to the National Superintendency of
Cooperatives , which the Communal Bank is registered with ( even though
it is not a “ cooperative ” ) .
The successful completion of these steps qualifies the council for
additional financing , either to complete a given project or begin work
on a new one .
FUNDACOMUNAL keeps a registry of all community councils ,
which other government offices check against in order to avoid funding
councils in bad standing .
This year , FUNDACOMUNAL plans on making the
registry public by posting it on its Web page ( www.fundacomun.gob.ve).
These procedures have proved just partly effective in ensuring
efficiency and discouraging corruption .
The threat of state funding
being suspended weighs heavily on those community members who have
invested considerable time and effort in creating a community council .
Nevertheless , just as in the case of the workers ’ cooperatives , the
state has failed to act decisively against unscrupulous council
spokespeople .
“ Community activists who accuse fellow council members of
misspending money often complain that the case goes through the courts
at a snail ’s pace , during which time they are unable to get further
funding , ” says Leandro Rodríguez , adviser to the National Assembly ’s
Commission of Citizen Participation , Decentralization and Regional
Development .
He adds that the 2006 law fails to establish any formal
link between the community council ’s social controllership commission
and the National Controller , who should be in charge of working closely
with the communities to give them legal information .
In addition to these problems , the councils ’ downsides include their
use for political purposes and the government ’s laxness in enforcing
requirements , which in turn is conducive to snags and deficiencies in
performance .
On balance , the government has leaned over backward in
implementing its various social programs , including the community
councils , as it lifts controls , provides diverse monetary and
non-monetary incentives , and in general assumes a flexible position in
order to avoid dampening popular enthusiasm .
The creation of community councils was partly a reaction to the
inefficiency of the state bureaucracy , particularly at the municipal
level .
In his congressional address unveiling a constitutional reform
proposal in August 2007 , Chávez affirmed that he had “ misgivings
regarding established local authorities ” and had greater faith in the
capacity of the people at the local level .
He went on to point to the
high abstention rates in city and state elections as placing in doubt
the legitimacy of local officials .
2
More recently , Chávez’s
proposal to group community councils in a given zone in “ communes ”
( which in turn would form part of a “ commune city ” ) , in order to solve
common problems , threatens to substantially undermine the power of
municipal government by creating a parallel structure .
In private ,
local authorities , including mayors , have expressed fear that the
scheme is designed to phase out city government , as National Assembly
adviser Rodríguez and Sergio Lugo , an adviser to the Mérida
municipality ’s Department of Local Planning Councils , told me .
Nevertheless , the community councils are not in a position to
supplant municipal government .
At this point , they are undertaking work
only on priority projects , a far cry from taking on the myriad
functions of municipal government .
Applied to the community councils ,
the Rousseau - inspired utopian ideal of direct democracy displacing
representative institutions — a vision sometimes embraced by Chavistas — is
thus highly misleading . 3
A more realistic assessment comes
from Marisol Pérez , who heads the state government of Anzoátegui’s
community council office .
“ This is an experimental process , ” she says .
“ The celebrated phrase of Simón Rodríguez [ Simón Bolívar ’s tutor ] so
frequently invoked by our president , ‘ Either we invent or we err , ’ is
applicable in a big way to the community councils . ”
*
Chavista political leaders , whose rhetoric typically emphasizes
popular decision making , have increasingly highlighted the activities
of the community councils .
Aristóbulo Istúriz and Jorge Rodríguez , the
Chavista candidates in Caracas ’s two major mayoral races in November ,
divided their respective platforms into two parts : programs directly
undertaken by the state and support for “ popular power ” consisting
mainly of the community councils .
In another mayoral race in Caracas ,
the Chavista candidate pledged to construct a “ metrocable ” up the
slum - ridden hills of Petare , similar to another one that is near
completion in the barrios of San Agustín .
According to the plan , each
station would contain a facility , such as a library or theater , that
would be placed under the administration of a community council .
Meanwhile , government critics argue that the community councils are
inefficient and warn that they weaken representative democracy by
undermining all intermediate bodies between the national executive and
the people — be it the municipal government , state planning agencies , or
even the Chavista party , the United Socialist Party of Venezuela
( PSUV ) .
Américo Martín , a former leftist who ran for president in 1978 ,
calls the community councils an “ atom bomb ” bound to produce chaos by
making clientelistic demands of a magnitude impossible to satisfy .
4
Another leftist turned anti-Chavista , Teodoro Petkoff , harps on the
quixotic nature of community councils , which he likens to the worker
cooperatives and worker - management schemes also promoted by the Chávez
government .
Petkoff argues that these experiments bring to mind Marx’s
indictment of the utopian socialists : “ Instead of recognizing the
historical conditions of emancipation , they envisioned fantastic
conditions and a reorganization of society invented by themselves . ”
5
These arguments against the viability of the community councils
overstate the case against them .
The fact is that thousands of projects
throughout Venezuela have already been satisfactorily completed , and
many more are under way — an accomplishment entirely new in the nation ’s
history .
In addition , community council leaders are engaged in a wide
variety of activities and programs that have no precedent in
Venezuela ’s community movement .
Politics and the state are very much at the center of the community
council phenomenon .
Council leaders often find themselves on both sides
of the line separating civil society and political activism .
Thus , for
instance , council meetings sometimes devote time to discussing
electoral strategy and logistics .
After the PSUV was created in 2007 ,
it canvassed for Chavista candidates in the communities , causing the
community councils to recede somewhat from the electoral arena .
Nevertheless , in early 2009 , Minister of Participation and Social
Protection Erika Farías called on the community councils to form
brigades to campaign in favor of the Chávez - sponsored constitutional
amendment to eliminate term limits on all elected positions , a
proposition that was approved in a referendum held February 15 .
The
electoral activity of those connected with the community councils and
other government - funded social programs overshadowed the PSUV in the
campaign .
Some writers stress the need for Venezuelan social organizations ,
including community councils , to strive for absolute autonomy vis-à-vis
state and party .
6
These include leading Venezuelan activists
and writers Roland Denis , Javier Biardeau , and Rafael Uzcátegui ( of the
anarchist periodical El Libertario ) .
John Holloway , a renowned
theoretician who defends this viewpoint , stated at the time of the
World Social Forum in Caracas in 2006 : “ The great danger that exists in
Venezuela today . . . is that the movement ‘ from above ’ will swallow .
. . the movement ‘ from below . ’ ” 7
The fixation on autonomy , however , is somewhat misplaced .
Social
programs and the organizations they create — and not autonomous social
movements — are the backbone of the Chavista movement .
Prior to Chávez’s
election in 1998 , Venezuela lacked the type of vibrant , well - organized
social movements that paved the way for the election of Evo Morales in
Bolivia and Rafael Correa in Ecuador .
For many years in Venezuela ,
neighborhood and worker cooperative movements were independent of the
state , but they failed to flourish or play a major role in the lives of
nonprivileged Venezuelans .
In contrast , the Chávez government ’s injection of large sums of
money into community councils and other social programs has served to
stimulate the marginalized sectors and show them ways to take control
of their lives .
Specifically , state resources in the form of allotments
for community council projects , loans for worker cooperatives , and
stipends for students enrolled in makeshift educational programs ( known
as “ missions ” ) have been essential in activating people along organized
lines .
In spite of financial dependence on the state , rank - and - file
Chavistas tend to be critical , and their support for the government is
hardly unqualified , thus explaining , for instance , Chávez ’s defeat in
the constitutional referendum of 2007.8
For the Chavistas , the “ revolutionary process ” consists of people
gaining control of their lives in the areas where they live , more so
than in the workplace ( as Communists , Trotskyists , and other hard - line
Chavistas advocate ) .
This emphasis is reflected in the the fact that
the community councils have received far more attention and resources
than the worker - management schemes ever did .
The councils are subject to a host of problems , including poor
management of financing , “ free riders , ” and the deep - rooted skepticism
among many community members toward neighborhood leaders ’ intentions .
Pro-Chávez writers who focus on the community councils and similar
social programs , while providing useful information , generally skirt
these thorny issues .9
The pro-government media also shy away from open
discussion of knotty problems of this type , even though they frequently
refer to the community councils .
Furthermore , critical debate is
lacking within the PSUV .
By avoiding nitty - gritty problems , the
Chavista leadership ends up glorifying the community councils and
creating the myth that they are a panacea for countless problems , a
notion that may be designed to pay electoral dividends .
The shortcoming
is particularly serious given the government ’s stated commitment to
more than double the program ’s funding in 2009 .
As the community councils gain experience , two processes fraught
with tension are under way .
First , marginalized and semi- marginalized
sectors of the population gain confidence and experience in collective
decision making .
Second , steps toward institutionalization are designed
to create viable mechanisms that monitor and guard against
ill - conceived projects and misuse of public funds .
But the effort to achieve incorporation , on the one hand , and
institutionalization , on the other , is a complicated balancing act .
Mechanisms and procedures to ensure efficiency cannot be imposed all at
once .
The massive and ongoing participation of the nonprivileged
depends on the flexibility and comprehension of those in charge of
public financing .
“ We do n’t hound the council spokespeople , and we give them the
benefit of the doubt , ” says Marisol Pérez of the Anzoátegui state
government .
“ After all , many of them are novices who could easily drop
out if they perceive that the obstacles are too great . ”
In addition to the social and institutional dimensions , a third
objective is political : the mobilization of those who benefit from the
community councils in order to defend the government in the face of an
intransigent opposition with extensive resources .
Indeed , achieving
distinct and not always compatible objectives is a formidable challenge
for Venezuela ’s unchartered path to socialism .
Steve Ellner has been teaching at the Universidad de Oriente in
Puerto La Cruz , Venezuela , since 1977 .
His Rethinking Venezuelan
Politics : Class , Conflict and the Chávez Phenomenon Lynne Rienner
Publishers , 2008 ) will be released in paperback in October .
1. Luis Bonilla - Molina and Haiman El Troudi , Historia de la
revolución bolivariana : pequeña crónica , 1948 –2004 ( Caracas : Impresos
Publigráfica , 2005 ) , 232 .
2. Hugo Chávez , Ahora la batalla es por el sí : discurso de
presentación del Proyecto de Reforma Constitucional ( Caracas :
Biblioteca Construcción del Socialismo , 2007 ) , 63–65 .
3. Steve Ellner , Rethinking Venezuelan Politics : Class , Conflict and
the Chávez Phenomenon ( Lynne Rienner Publishers , 2008 ) , 176–80 .
4. Américo Martín , “ Segunda Parte , ” in Martín and Freddy Muñoz ,
Socialismo del siglo XXI : huida en el laberinto ?
( Caracas : Editorial
Alfa , 2007 ) , 160–70 .
5. Teodoro Petkoff , “ Comuna Comeflor , ” Tal Cual , September 30 , 2008 .
6. See Roland Denis , “ Venezuela : The Popular Movements and the
Government , ” International Socialist Review 110 ( spring 2006 ) : 29–35 ,
and Hilary Wainwright , “ Democracy Diary , ” Red Pepper , December 2007 .
For a discussion of community council autonomy , see Sara C. Motta
“ Venezuela : Reinventing Social Democracy From Below ? ” in Geraldine
Lievesley and Steve Ludlam , eds. , Reclaiming Latin America : Experiments
in Radical Social Democracy ( Zed Books , 2008 ) , 84 –88 ; George
Ciccariello - Maher , “ Dual Power in the Venezuelan Revolution , ” Monthly
Review 59 , no. 4 ( September 2007 ) : 42–56 .
7. Quoted in María Pilar García - Guadilla and Carlos Lagorio , “ La
cuestión del poder y los movimientos sociales : reflexión pos-Foro
Social Mundial Caracas 2006 , ” Revista Venezolana de Economía y Ciencias
Sociales 12 , no. 3 ( December 2006 ) .
8. Sujatha Fernandes ,
In the Spirit of Negro Primero : Urban Social
Movements in Chávez ’s Venezuela ( Duke University Press , forthcoming
2010 ) .
9. Enrique Rodríguez , “ Política social actual : una visión desde el
gobierno , ” in Thais Maingon , ed. , Balance y perspectiva de la política
social en Venezuela ( Caracas : ILDIS and CENDES , 2006 ) , 281–90 ; Camila
Piñeiro Harnecker , “ Workplace Democracy and Collective Consciousness :
An Empirical Study of Venezuelan Cooperatives , ” Monthly Review 59 , no .
6 ( November 2007 ) : 27–40 .
( CNN ) -- A Canadian working for Newsweek magazine in the Iranian capital was " detained without charge " by Iranian authorities Sunday , the magazine said in a statement .
Newsweek calls for the immediate release of Maziar Bahari on its Web site Sunday .
Maziar Bahari has not been heard from since Sunday morning , Newsweek said .
A journalist and filmmaker , Bahari has been living in Iran and covering the country for the past decade , according to the statement .
In addition , Life magazine , in a photo gallery posted on its Web site , said the Iranian photojournalist who shot the photos was missing .
" He has not been in contact with us , " the magazine said .
An e-mail from a relative said the man had gone outside the day before and never came back , adding that the " government arrested them , " Life said .
Newsweek 's statement regarding Bahari said the magazine " strongly condemns this unwarranted detention , and calls upon the Iranian government to release him immediately . "
" Mr. Bahari 's coverage of Iran , for Newsweek and other outlets , has always been fair and nuanced , and has given full weight to all sides of the issues , " according to the statement .
" He has always worked well with different administrations in Tehran , including the current one . "
The statement continued : " There are unconfirmed reports that several journalists have been detained today ; the seizure of innocent journalists is a violation of the right to a free press in Iran .
" Newsweek asks that world governments use whatever influence they have with the government in Tehran to make clear that this detention is unwarranted and unacceptable , and to demand Mr. Bahari 's release . "
Watch about the dangers of reporting in Iran »
Bahari was asleep at 7 a.m. when security officers raided the apartment he shares with his mother , seizing his laptop and several videotapes , according to a story posted on Newsweek 's Web site Sunday .
" Assuring her ( the mother ) that he would be their guest , they ( the officers ) then left with Mr. Bahari .
He has not been heard from since , " Newsweek reported .
All About Iran • Tehran • Newsweek Inc .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s prime minister said on Monday he was ready to begin Israeli - Palestinian peace talks immediately but he made no reference to a Palestinian state , an omission that has dismayed Arab , European and U.S. officials .
Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends a Likud party meeting at the Knesset , the Israeli parliament , in Jerusalem May 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ammar Awad
“ We are prepared to resume peace negotiations without any delay and without any preconditions -- the sooner the better , ” Benjamin Netanyahu , speaking from Israel via satellite , said to a conference organized by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , a leading U.S. pro-Israel lobby group .
Netanyahu described a “ triple track ” approach toward peace that would include talks on political issues , on boosting the Palestinian economy and on strengthening Palestinian security forces .
But senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat criticized Netanyahu ’s speech for its “ vagueness ” in not committing to negotiate core issues such as the status of Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees and for not committing to a two - state solution .
“ Nobody has time for public relations and language of vagueness , I hope we do n’t have to wait years before we have a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ answer to these simple questions , we have to know now , ” Erekat told Reuters .
Since being sworn in as head of Israel ’s new , right - leaning government on March 31 , Netanyahu has not specifically discussed establishing a Palestinian state in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , a U.S. and Arab priority .
In a speech to AIPAC earlier on Monday , Israeli President Shimon Peres said Israel ’s new government wants peace with all Arabs but he also made no explicit mention of establishing a Palestinian state .
Peres , who holds a largely ceremonial post but has great personal prestige as an elder statesman , will meet U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House on Tuesday .
Palestinian leaders have rejected any notion of an “ economic peace ” and have said U.S. - backed talks with Israel could not resume until Netanyahu committed himself to statehood .
Netanyahu ’s stance may bring him into conflict with Obama , whose special envoy , George Mitchell , has stressed Obama ’s commitment to a “ two - state ” solution that would create a Palestinian state beside Israel to end the six - decade conflict .
Netanyahu plans to visit Washington on May 18 for talks with Obama that may clarify the chances of resuming U.S. - backed peace talks that bogged down last year in disputes over borders , and the fate of Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees .
The Palestinians broke off the negotiations after Israel launched a Gaza offensive in late December .
While he said he was not setting any preconditions for talks , Netanyahu said that the Palestinians would have to recognize Israel as a Jewish state for a final peace accord .
Palestinians fear recognition of Israel as a Jewish state could help Israeli leaders resist any return of Palestinian refugees who fled or were forced to leave their homes in a 1948 war .
Those concerns were heightened five years ago after then U.S. President George W. Bush described Israel as a Jewish state in a letter to its prime minister at the time , Ariel Sharon , and suggested Palestinian refugees be settled in a future Palestine rather than in Israel .
LITTLE ROCK , Ark .  A 23 - year - old man upset about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan opened fire from his truck at two soldiers standing outside a military recruiting station here on Monday morning , killing one private and wounding another , the police said .
The gunman , identified by the police as Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad of Little Rock , fled the scene and was arrested minutes later a short distance from the recruiting station , in a bustling suburban shopping center .
The police confiscated a Russian - made SKS semiautomatic rifle , a . 22 - caliber rifle and a handgun from his black pickup truck .
The two privates , who were both from Arkansas , were in Little Rock as part of a recruiting program that typically uses soldiers recently out of basic training to promote the Army in their home regions , Army officials said .
“ They were serving their country , ” said Lt. Col .
Thomas F. Artis , commander of the Oklahoma City recruiting battalion , which includes Arkansas .
“ They were just standing outside , just taking a five - minute break , just minding their own business  and this happens . ”
Ideally , we 'd live in a world where no one would ever use violence , or the threat of violence , against anyone else .
In reality , however , sometimes one person will inflict harm on another person ( pain , injury , or even death ) , or use the threat of such harm , to influence that other person 's behavior .
Such tactics can be used to instill " terror , " not just into the person specifically targeted , but into lots of other people who think they might be next .
In other words , the goal is to instill fear in order to coerce people into changing their behavior in a certain way .
Let 's call that tactic " terrorism . "
And it 's always bad , right ?
It 's always a crime , right ?
And we need government to protect us from it , right ?
Wrong , wrong and wrong .
We 're all aware of the nasty example of some Muslim extremist terrorist who indiscriminately kills men , women and children in order to make a point , or in order to try to coerce some population or government into changing its ways .
But let 's consider a few other examples .
A little old lady who lives alone in a rough neighborhood hears breaking glass , goes to investigate , and finds a couple thugs in her kitchen .
She happens to have a firearm , and points it at the crooks .
Her goal is obviously to instill fear in the minds of the intruders .
She is perfectly justified in trying to evoke terror from them , in order to make them behave in a certain way ( either leaving , or waiting for the police to come and arrest them ) .
So is the lady a terrorist ?
Well , yes and no .
She is certainly using " terror " as a tool for controlling other people , but the term " terrorism " usually implies that the intimidation is being done for an " illegal " or immoral end .
( Of note , when firearms are used by private individuals to deter crime , it is usually without a shot being fired , showing how effective the terror which brandishing a firearm instills can be . )
As another example , every year , the IRS and the Tax Division of the DOJ carefully decide who to prosecute for " tax crimes , " with the stated goal of scaring all the other " taxpayers " into " compliance . "
They use force ( harassment , armed invasions of private homes , confiscation of property , arrests and imprisonment , etc. ) against a few , and then publicize those actions , for the purpose of instilling fear into millions of other people who might be thinking of not filing and paying .
( The IRS is often surprisingly honest about that goal .
)
So are the people who work at the IRS terrorists ?
Well , yes .
They are .
They are using violence against victims who have n't hurt anyone else , with the stated goal of intimidating lots of others into handing over lots of money to the government - - a specifically political goal .
In what way is that not terrorism ?
The only reason anyone would fail to see this is if they fall for the notion that , if the terrorists arbitrarily declare their terrorism to be " legal , " it suddenly ceases to be bad , and therefore ceases to be terrorism .
In other words , because politicians enacted such terrorism via " legislation , " and called the terrorism " taxation " and " law , " and label those who do not comply as " law - breakers " and " tax cheats , " they persuade most people that the perpetrators of what would otherwise obviously be terrorism are the good guys , and any who resist are the bad guys .
Consider another example .
In any war , both sides will try to use intimidation to scare the other side into surrendering .
Instilling fear and terror into " the enemy " is a tactic that dates back many thousands of years .
And , by definition , any rebelling force that does so , since their actions are , by definition , " illegal , " would fit into the common definition of " terrorists . "
For example , the Founding Fathers of this country were all terrorists .
They were law - breaking tax cheats who challenged the authority of their king .
The fact that they were eventually successful does not change the fact that what they were doing was , by definition , " illegal , " not to mention treasonous .
So are Jefferson , Madison and the rest now viewed as terrorists ?
No .
We do n't use that label for them because their cause is now viewed as having been just , even though it was obviously " illegal " in the eyes of the regime that ruled them up to that point .
( It should also be mentioned that the term " terrorism " usually implies the targeting of innocent civilians , rather than targeting only soldiers . )
All " government " enforcers , from the individual beat cop to the huge federal agencies , use intimidation to control behavior .
Just the presence of a police cruiser is supposed to strike fear into the hearts of would - be criminals , to scare them out of committing crimes .
And one of the stated goals of catching , prosecuting and imprisoning criminals is to serve as a deterrent to others who might be considering committing similar crimes .
And is that bad ?
Well , yes and no .
It depends upon what counts as " crime . "
Using fear to prevent people from committing robbery , assault or murder is perfectly justified ( and therefore , we do n't call it " terrorism " ) .
But the word " crime , " to most people , means anything that " government " has declared to be " illegal . "
So , for example , when the DEA uses openly brutal violence , including killing people , in order to deter people from possessing non-politician - approved substances ( " narcotics " ) , they are viewed as merely enforcing " the law . "
But does that automatically mean that what they 're doing is good ?
Less than two centuries ago in this country , those calling themselves " government " said that slavery was " legal , " and that trying to help slaves escape was a " crime . "
The " law enforcers " of that day would catch a runaway slave , and then the master would whip the runaway slave in front of all the other slaves , so they would be terrified of running away .
It was all perfectly " legal " at the time .
Did that make it right ?
No .
And despite the fact that such torture was " legal , " and was done with the assistance of those calling themselves " government , " would we not now condemn such actions as being essentially the same thing as " terrorism " -- the use of unjustified violence to coerce others to change their behavior ?
Therefore , by what measure do we distinguish between " terrorism " and justified defensive force ?
Whether the force is " legal " can't be the determining factor , since what is " legal " is arbitrarily decided by whoever is claiming to be " government . "
As history shows all too clearly , it 's quite easy to " legalize " evil .
( Keep in mind , almost everything done under the Third Reich was " legal , " and those who resisted were referred to as " terrorists " by Hitler and his thugs . )
There is only one rational way to distinguish between the sort of unjustified , violent intimidation that deserves to be called " terrorism , " and the justifiable use of force or threats of force : Violence -- or the threat of violence -- is only justified when used against people who have initiated force or fraud .
In any other situation , it 's not .
Now , that sounds so simple and so self - evident that almost anyone would instinctively agree with it .
To put it another way , you should n't start a fight , and you should only use force to stop the guy who does .
The trouble is , people 's belief in " government " and " authority " mangle what would otherwise be a perfectly simple and obvious non-aggression principle .
Consider a few examples .1 ) Are IRS employees " terrorists " when they use intimidation and fear to coerce millions into handing over money ?
Absolutely , but most people refuse to see it because the terrorism is " legal . "
( I have quite a bit of personal experience about this one .
My book , " Kicking the Dragon , " shows all too clearly the terrorist mindset of many IRS , DOJ and federal court employees .
)
2 )
Are DEA and state narcotics agents " terrorists " when they use overt violence , and massive intimidation and fear to try to coerce people into not possessing non-government - approved substances ?
Absolutely , but most people refuse to see it because the terrorism is " legal .
" 3 ) Are ATF agents " terrorists " when they use overt violence and scare tactics to coerce people into not owning non-government - approved firearms ?
Absolutely , but even after mass atrocities such as the one which happened in Waco , most people still refuse to see it that way , because that terrorism is " legal .
" 4 )
Here 's one that lots of people wo n't like to hear .
When American soldiers randomly stop , detain , interrogate , search , and occasionally torture civilians , and otherwise use a show of force to scare , coerce and control people , is that terrorism ?
Yes .
If you doubt it , imagine a foreign occupying army here , doing that to you .
Then would you call it " terrorism " ?
I bet you would .
So stop thinking from pack mentality and start thinking from principle .
5 ) Last but not least , can you name the worst terrorist attack in history ?
Hint : thousands of civilians were brutally and intentionally murdered , in order to try to coerce a government into changing its ways .
No , not 9/11 .
That was child 's play compared to the correct answer .
The perpetrator of the top two worst terrorist acts of all time was a group calling itself " The United States Government , " which was responsible for the premeditated murder of over fifty times as many civilians as died on 9/11 , when that terrorist cult dropped nuclear bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
And for all those statists who might read this , and then fume with indignation that I would characterize our noble " leaders , " soldiers and " law enforcers " as terrorists , see if you can come up with some way to differentiate between what you call " terrorism , " and what the U.S. " government " does on a daily basis .
Or is " terrorism " just the word you use when people not on your side do it ?
Condoleezza Rice has recently taken a job as a political science professor at Stanford University ( a position I imagine she was given ironically ) and got into a bit of trouble after taking some questions from a couple of students yesterday as evidenced by a recent YouTube video .
The short version of the story is that she committed numerous factual absurdities and may perhaps have admitted complicity in a serious crime .
So , maybe we should take a look at the long version of the story , eh ?
I suppose the easiest way to do this will be to go through her remarks basically line by line and point out each time she makes a factual error or says something that makes absolutely no sense .
The YouTube video starts halfway through the first question we see her answer .
Here is the first part of their exchange :
Rice : …
And in terms of enhanced interrogation , and rendition , and all the issues around the detainees .
Abu Ghraib is , and everyone said , Abu Ghraib was not policy .
Abu Ghraib was wrong and nobody would argue with …
Student : Except that information that ’s come out since then speaks against that .
Rice :
No , no , no — the information that ’s come out since then continues to say that Abu Ghraib was wrong .
Abu Ghraib was .
But in terms of the enhanced interrogation and so forth , anything that was legal and was going to make this country safer , the president wanted to do .
Nothing that was illegal .
Okay , let ’s start here .
The student is referring to a recent report by the Senate Armed Service Committee called “ Inquiry into the Treatment of Detainees in U.S. Custody ” ( read report here , summary here ) .
The student was attempting to correct her when she said that the abuses and interrogation techniques at Abu Ghraib were not policy before she cut him off .
She flatly denies the student ’s suggestion that the recent Senate report disputes her claim that the Abu Ghraib incident was not the result of policy .
But the report absolutely does dispute this ; here is what it said about Abu Ghraib :
“ The abuse of detainees in US custody cannot simply be attributed to the actions of ‘ a few bad apples ’ acting on their own .
The fact is that senior officials in the United States government solicited Information on how to use aggressive techniques , redefined the law to create the appearance of their legality , and authorized their use against detainees . ”
The report not only claims that “ senior officials ” were involved in the policy , but it says the policy was crafted to create the appearance of legality , obviously suggesting the policy was illegal .
She claims that the report says Abu Ghraib was “ wrong . ”
However , the report does not just say it was wrong , the report says , “ Those efforts damaged our ability to collect accurate intelligence that could save lives , strengthened the hand of our enemies , and compromised our moral authority . ”
Okay , moving on …
She then , at one point , claims the World Trade Center Towers were 80 - story - tall buildings .
Hate to nitpick , sweetheart , but they were 110 stories .
Eventually the conversation turns to Guantanamo Bay :
Rice : And Guantanamo Bay , by the way , was considered a model “ medium security prison ” by representatives of the Organization of Security and Cooperation in Europe who went there to see it .
Did you know that ?
Student :
Were they present for the interrogations ?
Rice : No .
Did you know that the Organization — just answer me — did you know that the Organization of Security and Cooperation in Europe said Guantanamo was a model medium security prison ? …
If you did n’t know that , maybe before you make allegations about Guantanamo you should read .
Here Rice makes another factual error .
What she is referring to is a comment made by Alain Grignard , who is the deputy head of a federal police anti-terrorism unit in Belgium and accompanied a group from the Organization of Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) to Guantanamo Bay .
The statement was an off - the - cuff remark of his own and had no affiliation whatsoever with the OSCE .
However , many newspapers incorrectly cited him as an OSCE expert at first .
But the OSCE issued a press release attempting to clarify issue ( read press release here ) .
The press release in part read , “ … he was not employed or commissioned by the OSCE . ”
The OSCE has yet to offer any official take on the situation at Guantanamo .
So , it seems that Rice is the one who “ should read ” before making allegations .
Also , Grignard said that holding detainees for years without bringing formal charges or to trial was a form of “ mental torture . ”
Immediately following this factual error , she makes another one :
Rice : Now , the ICRC also had access to Guantanamo , and they made no allegations about interrogations at Guantanamo .
The ICRC is the International Committee of the Red Cross , and they have made repeated allegations about the interrogations at Guantanamo .
For instance , in 2007 , they said in a report , “ The interrogation process is contrary to international law . ”
And in 2004 , the ICRC said , “ [ the interrogations methods ] cannot be considered other than an intentional system of cruel , unusual , and degrading treatment and a form of torture . ”
Well , that ’s a little different than making “ no allegations about interrogations , ” is n’t it ?
This woman is unbelievable .
Now , this next exchange is perhaps the most absurd yet :
Rice :
What [ the ICRC ] did say is that they believe indefinite detention , where people did n’t know whether they ’d come up for trial , which is why we tried with the military commissions system to let people come up for trial .
Those trials were stayed by whom ?
Who kept us from holding the trials ?
Student : I ca n’t answer that question .
Rice :
Do your homework first …
The Supreme Court .
The amount of chutzpah and ludicrousness contained in this remark is absolutely staggering .
Rice is basically saying the Bush administration would have loved to let the wheels of justice turn and give each detainee a fair and speedy trial , if only it had n’t been for that pesky ol ’ Supreme Court gumming up the works .
I can only imagine she is referring to the Hamdan v. Rumsfeld case in 2006 where the Supreme Court held that the Bush administration policy of trying detainees under military commissions or tribunals was unconstitutional .
The Court also said the military commissions violated the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the Geneva Conventions .
So , Rice is attempting to make an argument here , basically saying that the highest court in the land declared a Bush administration policy as unconstitutional , but that the problem was not with the policy , but with the Supreme Court for having the nerve to perform its function and adhere to the US Constitution .
She gives the clear intimation that the Bush administration – the same people who attempted to deny detainees the right of habeas corpus – would have loved for there to be a fair judicial process at Gitmo , but the Supreme Court – the arbiter of the Constitution – got in the way .
My head dizzies just trying to comprehend her twisted logic .
If anyone needs to do some homework , it ’s Ms. Rice .
I would recommend a book report on the US Constitution .
Okay , here ’s the final exchange between Rice and a different student , where she may have admitted to a serious crime :
Student : I read a recent report , recently , that said that you did a memo , you were the one who authorized torture to the — I ’m sorry , not torture , waterboarding .
Is waterboarding torture ?
Rice :
The president instructed us that nothing we would do would be outside of our obligations , legal obligations , under the Convention Against Torture .
So that ’s — and by the way , I did n’t authorize anything .
I conveyed the authorization of the administration to the agency .
That they had policy authorization subject to the Justice Department ’s clearance .
That ’s what I did .
Student : Okay .
Is waterboarding torture ?
Rice : I just said — the United States was told , we were told , nothing that violates our obligations under the Convention Against Torture .
And so , by definition , if it was authorized by the president , it did not violate our obligations under the Conventions Against Torture .
The student is referring to memos recently released by the Obama administration which detailed Rice ’s involvement as basically a go - between from the White House to the CIA in the authorization of the use of torture – oh , excuse me – enhanced interrogation techniques .
First of all , notice that she dodges the question of whether waterboarding is torture ( which the vast majority of legal experts agree it most certainly is ) .
But then notice that she admits she “ conveyed the authorization of the administration to the [ CIA ] . ”
However , if waterboarding is torture ( which it is ) , then even conveying the authorization would be a direct violation of the Convention Against Torture , which she cites .
The Convention Against Torture , a UN treaty of which the United States is a signatory party , explicitly states in Artice II that “ an order from a superior officer or a public authority may not be invoked as a justification of torture . ” ( read the treaty here )
So , Rice basically just admitted complicity in a war crime .
Also , not only do her actions violate the Convention Against Torture , but many would argue her actions could be considered a violation of the federal statute banning torture , US Code : Title 18 , Chapter 113 § 2340 ( read statute here ) , as well as a violation of the War Crimes Act .
And then , to make matters worse , she makes the very bizarre claim that , by definition , if the President authorizes something , it is therefore not illegal .
This harkens back to the infamous gaffe made by President Nixon during his 1977 interview with David Frost when he said , “ When the President does it that means that it is not illegal . ”
The President is not a dictator , Condi , not matter how much you wish he were .
So , not only did Rice get almost everything wrong in her exchange with these two students , she may have admitted her role in a conspiracy to commit torture .
Condoleezza
Rice should never speak in public again without her attorney present .
In fact , maybe she should just never speak in public again .
This panorama of images from the Spirit rover , taken on Sol 1925 ( June 2 , 2009 ) , is helping engineers assess the rover 's current state and plan her extraction from the soft soil in the region now called " Troy . "
The images were taken by Spirit 's microscopi
The Mars rover Spirit is keeping scientists ' spirits up by doing some science while it is stuck in soft soil on the red planet .
The rover has been immobile , trapped hub - deep since May 6 .
Engineers have replicated the landscape in lab back home and , using an identical rover model , tried to figure out what to do , so far to no avail .
A rock seen beneath Spirit in images from the camera on the end of the rover 's arm may be touching Spirit 's belly , NASA said in a statement today .
It appears to be a loose rock not bearing the rover 's weight .
Meanwhile , the rover is examining its surroundings , a colorful , layered region called Troy , next to a low plateau called Home Plate and about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) from its 2004 landing site .
And fortuitously , one of the rover 's wheel 's dug into the layers of soil , exposing stuff to study .
" By serendipity , Troy is one of the most interesting places Spirit has been , " said Ray Arvidson of Washington University in St. Louis .
Arvidson is deputy principal investigator for the science payloads on Spirit and its twin rover , Opportunity .
" We are able here to study each layer , each different color of the interesting soils exposed by the wheels . "
Lucky misfortune
The wheel exposed colored sandy materials and a miniature cliff of cemented sands .
Some disturbed material cascaded down , evidence of the looseness that will be a challenge for getting Spirit out .
But at the edge of the disturbed patch , the soil is cohesive enough to hold its shape as a steep cross-section .
Spirit has been using tools on its robotic arm to examine tan , yellow , white and dark - red sandy soil at Troy .
Stretched - color images from the panoramic camera show the tints best .
" The layers have basaltic sand , sulfate - rich sand and areas with the addition of silica - rich materials , possibly sorted by wind and cemented by the action of thin films of water .
We 're still at a stage of multiple working hypotheses , " Arvidson said .
" This may be evidence of much more recent processes than the formation of Home Plate…or is Home Plate being slowly stripped back by wind , and we happened to stir up a deposit from billions of years ago before the wind got to it ? "
Scientists said initial readings suggest that iron is mostly present in an oxidized form as ferric sulfate and that some of the differences in tints at Troy observed by the panoramic camera may come from differences in the hydration states of iron sulfates .
While extraction plans for the rover are developed and tested during the coming weeks , the team plans to have Spirit further analyze the soil from different depths .
In April and May , winds blew away most of the dust that had accumulated on Spirit 's solar panels , so power is not a problem .
" The exceptional amount of power available from cleaning of Spirit 's solar arrays by the wind enables full use of all of the rover 's science instruments , " said Richard Moddis , a rover team member from the Johnson Space Center .
" If your rover is going to get bogged down , it 's nice to have it be at a location so scientifically interesting . "
Back at the lab
The rover team at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory has developed a soil mix for testing purposes that has physical properties similar to those of the soil under Spirit at Troy .
This soil recipe combines diatomaceous earth , powdered clay and play sand .
A crew is shaping a few tons of that mix this week into contours matching Troy's .
The test rover will be commanded through various combinations of maneuvers during the next few weeks to validate the safest way to proceed on Mars .
Spirit 's right - front wheel has been immobile for more than three years , magnifying the challenge .
While acknowledging a possibility that Spirit might not be able to leave Troy , the rover team remains optimistic , NASA said today .
Diagnostic tests on Spirit in early June provided encouragement that the left - middle wheel remains useable despite an earlier stall .
" With the improved power situation , we have the time to explore all the possibilities to get Spirit out , " said JPL's John Callas , project manager for Spirit and Opportunity .
" We are optimistic .
The last time Spirit spun its wheels , it was still making progress .
The ground testing will help us avoid doing things that could make Spirit 's situation worse . "
A novel bacterium -- trapped more than three kilometres under glacial ice in Greenland for over 120,000 years -- may hold clues as to what life forms might exist on other planets .
Dr Jennifer Loveland - Curtze and a team of scientists from Pennsylvania State University report finding the novel microbe , which they have called Herminiimonas glaciei , in the current issue of the International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology .
The team showed great patience in coaxing the dormant microbe back to life ; first incubating their samples at 2 ˚ C for seven months and then at 5 ˚ C for a further four and a half months , after which colonies of very small purple - brown bacteria were seen .
H. glaciei is small even by bacterial standards – it is 10 to 50 times smaller than E. coli .
Its small size probably helped it to survive in the liquid veins among ice crystals and the thin liquid film on their surfaces .
Small cell size is considered to be advantageous for more efficient nutrient uptake , protection against predators and occupation of micro-niches and it has been shown that ultramicrobacteria are dominant in many soil and marine environments .
Most life on our planet has always consisted of microorganisms , so it is reasonable to consider that this might be true on other planets as well .
Studying microorganisms living under extreme conditions on Earth may provide insight into what sorts of life forms could survive elsewhere in the solar system .
" These extremely cold environments are the best analogues of possible extraterrestrial habitats " , said Dr Loveland - Curtze , " The exceptionally low temperatures can preserve cells and nucleic acids for even millions of years .
H. glaciei is one of just a handful of officially described ultra-small species and the only one so far from the Greenland ice sheet ; studying these bacteria can provide insights into how cells can survive and even grow under extremely harsh conditions , such as temperatures down to - 56˚C , little oxygen , low nutrients , high pressure and limited space . "
" H. glaciei is n't a pathogen and is not harmful to humans " , Dr Loveland - Curtze added , " but it can pass through a 0.2 micron filter , which is the filter pore size commonly used in sterilization of fluids in laboratories and hospitals .
If there are other ultra -small bacteria that are pathogens , then they could be present in solutions presumed to be sterile .
In a clear solution very tiny cells might grow but not create the density sufficient to make the solution cloudy . "
Je me balladais sur le forum du site du jour , et je suis tombée sur cette petite perle de vidéo .
Elle a capté mon attention au début parce que le premier homme qui joue se trouve sur la Promenade de Santa Monica en Californie , où j’ai aussi joué avec ma bonne vieille guitare il y a quelques semaines .
( Pour info , j’avais gagné 12 dollars en une heure , mais c’était une super expérience ! )
J’ai d’ailleurs rencontré de supers musiciens là-bas , dont :
Bref , après presque une minute de vidéo à Los Angeles viennent s’ajouter des musiciens des quatre coins de la planète , jouant tous « Stand By Me » ; un super travail de prise de son et de montage s’en suit , et voici un super clip à écouter avec les écouteurs sur les oreilles , bien fort !
Vous pouvez voir la vidéo ici .
Bonne écoute ! 🙂
It is possible to discern potentially significant patterns in terrorist activity through an analysis of geospatial intelligence information concerning terrorist incidents , the DNI Open Source Center ( OSC ) says .
A recent OSC study of terrorism in Afghanistan ( large PDF ) illustrates the growing sophistication of geointelligence analysis tools .
By analyzing parameters such as location , timing , frequency , lethality and other such characteristics , the OSC study identified “ hotspots ” for terrorist activity and changes over time .
It also provided data for evaluating an OSC predictive model of terrorism in Afghanistan .
The study “ revealed spatial patterns and a distribution of incidents that would be valuable to those interested in the dynamics of Afghanistan ’s security . ”
Some of the resulting conclusions are trivial or obvious .
Thus , OSC found that terrorist incidents are more likely to occur in populated areas of the country than in barren wastelands .
Other conclusions concerning seasonal variations and changes in target distributions may have more practical significance .
The OSC study has not been approved for public release , but a copy was obtained by Secrecy News .
See “ Afghanistan — Geospatial Analysis Reveals Patterns in Terrorist Incidents 2004 - 2008 , ” Open Source Center , April 20 , 2009 ( in a very large 19 MB PDF file ) .
The study features “ interactive GeoPDFs ” that are embedded in the document .
In order to open them , it is necessary to activate the “ Layers ” function in Adobe Reader .
To do so , click on “ View , ” then select “ Navigation Tabs ” and click on “ Layers . ”
The Obama administration has just come up with another way to sweep torture under the rug — allowing detainees facing the death penalty to plead guilty without a full trial .
What ’s the point of that ?
The New York Times explains :
The provision could permit military prosecutors to avoid airing the details of brutal interrogation techniques .
If you ’re thinking that ’s as self - serving as it is transparent , never fear — the administration also has the interests of detainees at heart :
It could also allow the five detainees who have been charged with the Sept. 11 attacks to achieve their stated goal of pleading guilty to gain what they have called martyrdom .
Expediting martyrdom — never let it be said the United States is n’t a full - service detainer .
There ’s something temporary about the word “ detain ” — as in “ detained for questioning . ”
Also , harkening back to school days , “ detention ” sounds like a token punishment .
But it ’s beginning to look like many of the detainees held in preventive detention in Guantanamo will be detained unto all eternity .
And we all know their punishment has been anything but token .
How did we get ourselves — and hundreds of likely innocent prisoners — into this fix ?
A good place to start is with the methods used to apprehend many of them .
Turns out , taken together , they served as the catalyst for not only preventive detention but torture .
At the moment , the administration and the Pentagon are having a “ what do we do now ? ” moment over the detainees .
In a report for the Heinrich Boll Stiftung ( Foundation ) entitled Beyond Guantanamo : Restoring U.S. Credibility on Human Rights , Thomas C. Hilde lays out the alternatives ( exclusive of the Obama administration ’s absolutely revolutionary idea about pleading guilty without trial ) :
1. Military tribunals
2. Preventive detention and a national security court
3. Limited preventive detention for identifiable combatants
4. Civil criminal trials — try or release .
Just like the word detainee fails to do justice to imprisonment without trial , the positive connotations of the word “ preventive ” obscure that it ’s not only illegal , but in duplicate .
When applied to an attack on another nation , the term refers to the intention to head off future threats .
But preventive leapfrogs right over “ preemptive , ” which , while also illegal , describes a threat that ’s at least perceived as immediate .
Of course , the Obama administration has ruled out prosecuting those responsible for torturing the detainees .
But , as Mark Drumble , author of Atrocity , Punishment and International Law , points out in Professor Hilde ’s report , justice may not be served by prosecution anyway : “ With pronouncement of sentence comes a rush to closure , absolution for the acquiescent , and the evaporation of collective responsibility . ”
According to Drumble , gray areas exist between prosecuting and refusing to :
. . . the accountability process remains narrowly oriented to incarceration following .
. . criminal trials .
It is not a broader process that is yet comfortable with meaningful restorative initiatives , indigenous values , qualified amnesties , reintegrative shaming , the needs of victims , reparations , collective or foreign responsibilities , distributive justice , or pointed questions regarding the structural nature of violence in the international system .
Ah yes , the “ structural nature of violence ” : Realpolitickers would n’t touch that one with a ten - foot pole .
If violence were n’t structural in nature they would n’t have jobs in the national security apparatus .
Bring ’em back alive
It all began when we started offering money for information : from $ 5,000 ( for alleged Taliban ) to $ 25,000 ( for alleged al - Qaeda ) .
In 2005 , the Associated Press reported on this not uncommon system , as practiced in Afghanistan , for capturing the enemy :
The U.S. Rewards for Justice program pays only for information that leads to the capture of suspected terrorists identified by name , said Steve Pike , a State Department spokesman .
Some $ 57 million has been paid under the program , according to its web site .
Something got lost in translation , though :
In March 2002 . . .
Afghan intelligence [ personnel ] offered rewards for the capture of al - Qaida fighters — the day after a five - hour meeting with U.S. Special Forces .
Intelligence officers refused to say if the .
. .
United States was paying the offered reward of 150 million Afghanis , then equivalent to $ 4,000 a head .
But . . .
That day , leaflets and loudspeaker announcements promised “ the big prize ” to those who turned in al - Qaida fighters . …
A former CIA intelligence officer who helped lead the search for Osama bin Laden told AP [ that ] U.S. allies regularly got money to help catch Taliban and al - Qaida fighters . … [ A ] prisoner said he was on his way to Germany in 2001 when he was captured and sold for “ a briefcase full of money ” then flown to Afghanistan before being sent to Guantanamo .
“ It ’s obvious .
They knew Americans were looking for Arabs , so they captured Arabs and sold them — just like someone catches a fish and sells it , ” he said . …
A detainee who said he was a Saudi businessman claimed , “ The Pakistani police sold me for money to the Americans . ”
But when information seeking is bypassed and , instead , bounty hunters are granted the authority to haul in suspects without warrants , guess what takes a holiday ?
That ’s right — evidence .
Professor Hilde writes :
The legal cases of these allegedly dangerous detainees are corrupted by the methods of evidence - collecting .
Evidence gathered on the “ battlefield ” may be admissible in regular wars , but the traditional concept of “ battlefield ” means something quite different in the context of asymmetrical war with terrorist groups .
And that describes the best - case scenario in which evidence actually exists .
But those collecting rewards for terrorists were only interested in the money , not evidence .
In fact , even just evidence that those apprehended were fighters was nonexistent because insurgents wear neither uniforms nor dog tags .
With insurgents , there ’s no regurgitating rank or serial number .
Complicating the issue further , when a people who are occupied get a load of the invading force ’s weaponry , their first thought is , how can I get them to use their firepower to my advantage ?
For instance , when the English arrived in Roanoke , it did n’t take long before the natives were conspiring to sic the English on enemy tribes .
Afghans either informed on or delivered personal enemies , along with any old warm body .
As usual , the Bush administration acted without feeling at all constrained by history .
The net result was that by paying a small fortune for innocent civilians and shipping them off to black sites and Guantanamo , Bush & Co. came off looking like monumental suckers , not to mention an embarrassment to the United States .
As for how bounties affect detention , let ’s first examine what William Lind recently wrote :
. . . solve the issue of detainees at Guantanamo and elsewhere by designating all of them as what they are , namely Prisoners of War [ who ] may be held until the war is over or exchanged .
But there ’s no expiration date on the war on terror .
Not only wo n’t there be any prisoner releases or exchanges , but , despite evidence they ’re even fighters , the detainees were designated enemy combatants and , in effect , treated like war criminals .
Then , in the absence of evidence or even any idea about what information a detainee might have been privy to , we torture them until they get the message .
Instead of repeating “ I do n’t know , ” they make up stories .
Or , to put it another way , if an administration is salivating at the thought of torturing , instituting a bounty system is a great way to facilitate the implementation of said torture regimen .
Bounties , by sheer dint of preceding and laying the groundwork for illegal detention and torture , are equal to them in culpability for the havoc we ’ve wreaked on detainees .
To preclude preventive detention and torture in the future , we need to enforce a policy of paying only for information , not scalps .
Here 's a fun thing to do to calm your frazzled , saddened nerves in the wake of the CA Supreme Court 's very unfortunate , but also merely annoying and karmically fleeting Proposition 8 decision :
Head on down to your local high school -- hell , make it a junior high or even an elementary -- and take yourself an informal survey .
Ask the various wary , bepimpled youth of Generation Tweet what they think about those scary gay people getting married .
Ask them , in your most panicky , alarmist , Mormonified voice :
Are n't they horrified at the very idea ?
Are n't they shocked at the very thought of two people in love having their union officially recognized and validated by the state ?
Do n't they know the musty ol '
Bible mutters some barely coherent , mistranslated silliness about it in a single word or two written 1,500 years ago in a long dead language by acidic church elders with powermad political agendas and violently repressed libidos who nevertheless wish to instruct us all how to live and love and screw ?
Please note the response .
Please observe how the kids merely look at you as though you 're more than a little bit deranged and prehistoric , so out of touch you might as well be Dick Cheney talking up the diesel - powered rectal thermometers he so loved back in World War I .
Watch carefully as they sigh and roll their eyes , then whip out their Nokias to text their friends about how this creepy elder just tried to convince them that the harmless , yawningly commonplace homosexuality currently saturating the popular culture all around them , from fashion to Facebook , movies to " American Idol , " is not only wrong , but so wrong that the law should ban it forever because ... well , no one really seems to know exactly why .
Did you see it ?
That big , sighing shrug of what - the - hell - is - wrong - with - you , combined with lots of who - the - hell - cares ?
Because that 's the reaction to note most of all .
Here is what it tells you : Gay marriage is a foregone conclusion .
It 's a done deal .
It 's just a matter of time .
For the next generation in particular , equal rights for gays is not even a question or a serious issue , much less a sinful hysterical conundrum that can only be answered by terrified Mormons and confused old people and inane referendums funded by same .
It 's just obvious , inevitable , a given .
Let us hereby be reminded , before sadness and frustration overwhelm once more : Proposition 8 and its ilk are merely the last , fitful gasps of a long - dying ideology , markers of a certain kind of sad , conservative desperation .
They are the final clawings and scrapings of a reactionary worldview that attempts to outlaw and punish all it cannot , will not understand .
Same as it ever was , really .
The pattern is as old as fear itself .
Remember , only rarely does true progress appear as a single , momentous , Obama - like shift that reverberates across the planet and changes everything in an instant .
Most frequently it comes in fits and starts and hiccups , small lurches and hard - fought battles shot through with little spitballs of hate and intolerance and heaps of misunderstanding .
You know , just like now .
Evidence ?
Plenty .
Just look at the numbers : Support for gay marriage is now the highest it 's been in American history , somewhere between 42 and 48 percent nationwide .
Just a few decades ago , support was down in the 20s .
It 's been rising steadily ever since , never once regressing .
Or , flip that data around .
According to FiveThirtyEight , marriage bans like California 's are losing support at a rate of about two percent a year .
According to that model , more than half of U.S. states will vote against bans like the contemptible Prop 8 as soon as 2012 , if not sooner .
By 2024 , even miserably homophobic joints like Alabama and Mississippi will be flying the rainbow flag .
You could say , then , that we are , right this minute , at the tipping point .
You could say that very soon indeed -- sooner than many people expect , in fact -- we will all look back on this inane gay marriage hysteria and wonder , what the hell was that all about ?
What the hell were we thinking ?
And by the way , is n't President Obama 's second term going just astonishingly well ?
As for massive , schizophrenic California , well , what can we say ?
In our convoluted , lurching , two steps forward eight steps sideways sort of quasi - progressive way , we flail and flip and frequently fail .
It 's just our way .
We may be a die - hard blue state overall , full of revolutionary ideas and world - class academics , Nobel Laureates and wondrous alternative belief systems , but we are also messy and flat - footed and just too damn big for our own good , and our southern half is packed to the Orange County rafters with piles of aging social conservatives and religious zealots with far too little spiritual / sexual awareness and far too much money .
Sorry .
It 's an undeniable shame indeed that this powerful , iconic , world - altering state could n't get its damnable act together on The Last Civil Right .
But , you know , oh well .
Ca n't be the vanguard for 'em all .
Iowa and Massachusetts , et al , please show us how it 's done .
And by the way , thank you .
Do not misunderstand : Setbacks like this Prop 8 decision are painful and even cruel , and the gay couples and activists who 've been at the forefront of the fight since the beginning are nothing short of heroic .
Like civil rights activists of any stripe before them , the subsequent generations who will take gay rights for granted will have them to thank forevermore for paving the way and fighting the good fight .
What 's more , there is still an enormous amount of work to be done , new referendums and protests and fundraisers and awareness - raisings .
The change will not come without help and push .
Hate and homophobia still seethe in myriad pockets of the culture and the populace at large , even trickling down to dumb - blond silicon - injected beauty pageant runner - ups who parrot the same childlike religious misinformation her handlers have pumped into her kind for 2,000 wickedly patriarchal years .
But these setbacks are not insurmountable roadblocks .
They are merely obnoxious speed bumps on what social conservatives see as our nation 's ungodly highway to hell .
They only slow us down a little .
A new campaign in the fight for marriage equality is already taking shape .
Evolution is happening , the energy and momentum are unstoppable .
Simply put , the ignorance and homophobia that fueled and funded Prop 8 in the first place will not stand .
Do n't believe it ?
Hey , just ask your kids .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
GLUT による「 手抜き 」 OpenGL入門
床井浩平
この文書の位置づ け
この文書は学生実験のテー マ 「 ＶＲ実験」の参考資料の , GLUT を用いた OpenGL のチュートリアルです .
180 分× 2 日＋αで実験部分に到達できると思います.
ただし内容は不十分なので , 必要に応じて資料やオンラインマニュ アル等を参照してください. また間違いも含まれていると思います.
コメントをお願いします. なお , このページはリンク＆コピーフリーです .
このディレクトリをまとめたものを ここ に用意していますので , ご自由にお使いください .
初版 1997/09/30 , 最終更新 2016/07/22
この学生実験 ( 演習 ) は 2016 年度をもって終了しました.
18 年間 ( 演習で使用した期間 ) ありがとうございました .
OpenGL は Silicon Graphics 社 ( 現 SGI 社 , 以下 SGI ) が開発した , OS に依存しない三次元のグラフィックスライブラリ ( 正確には Application Program Interface , API ) です. でも , この 「 OS に依存しない 」 というところが実は曲者で , ウィンドウを開いたりマウスの操作を受け付けたりするところは , それぞれの OS の流儀に則って , OS やウィンドウシステムにお願いしないといけません .
すなわち , OpenGL の機能を使えるようにするためには , Windows なら Windows の , X Window なら X Window のやり方で , あらかじめお膳立てをしてやる必要があるのです .
実はこれが結構面倒な作業なので , 教科書の OpenGL Programming Guide の第 1 版 では , 補助ライブラリ ( AUX ライブラリ , 一種のツールキット ) というのを導入して , その部分をとりあえず隠していました .
つまり , AUX ライブラリに OS に依存する処理を任せることで , 読者は OpenGL そのものの学習に専念できるようになっていたのです .
OpenGL Programming Guide の第 2 版以降では , AUX ライブラリに代えて GLUT を使っています .
ところで , Microsoft 社 ( 以下 MS ) が SGI から OpenGL のライセンスを買って自分のところの OS に載っけたので , OpenGL は一気にグラフィックスライブラリの業界標準の地位に登り詰めました.
その際 , この AUX ライブラリ も
Windows ( NT / 95 ) に移植されました .
この結果 , 図らずも ?
この AUX ライブラリを使って書いたソースプログラムは , UNIX と Windows のどちらでもコンパイルできるという便利な仕組みができ上がりました .
しかし , AUX ライブラリはもともと学習用であり , ちゃんとしたアプリケーションを書こうとすると機能に不足を感じます.
それに MS による AUX ライブラリの移植はやはり MS の流儀で行われていて , 例えばイベントのハンドラには CALLBACK という型を付けないといけないとか , やっぱり気色の悪い部分があったりします .
そこで AUX ライブラリを , 多少なりともまともなアプリケーションが作れるように改良したものが
GLUT ( The OpenGL Utilitiy Toolkit ) だと言えます .
これは SGI の Mark Kilgard 氏によって作成されました ( 今は NVIDIA に居るみたいですけど ) .
またユタ大学の Nate Robins 氏 ( この人も今は NVIDIA に居るらしい ) という人によって , Windows にも移植されました .
このため GLUT には AUX ライブラリのような問題 ?はありません. バージョン 3.6 以降では Windows 版と UNIX 版のソースコードが統合され , まとめて提供されています .
Linux や Macintosh では Mesa の上に AUX ライブラリや GLUT が移植されました . また Apple 自身もついに ?
Mac OS 8.1 から OpenGL を採用し , この上でも GLUT が使用可能になりました .
現在の Mac OS
X ではグラフィックス機能の基盤として OpenGL を採用しており , Developer Tools ( Xcode ) には標準で GLUT が含まれています .
ソースプログラムも公開されています ( GLUT for Mac OS X ) .
いくつかデモプログラムも入っています .
シミュレーション結果の視覚化など , グラフィックスを専門としない人が グラフィックスプログラミングをしなければならないということは結構ありますよね.
私の記憶が正しければ , かつて ( いつの話だ ? ) は Calcomp のプロッタライブラリとか , Tektronix 4014 ターミナルのエスケープシーケンスとか , あるいは N88BASIC のグラフィックス ( GLIO 呼び出しとか ) なんかがそういう目的に使われてたように思います .
現在なら , そういう目的には何を使えばいいのでしょうか?
Windows ならもちろん DirectX に含まれる Direct3D ( D3D ) が使えます .
X Window なら Xlib で書くしかないのでしょうか ?
PEX はもう廃れましたよね ?
こういうものは , 使ったことがある人はわかると思いますが , 実際に絵を描き始めるまでに訳の分からない呪文をいっぱい並べないといけなかったりして , 結構煩わしいもんですよね. 特にグラフィックスとなると
本格的な GUI ( Graphical User Interface ) を持ったアプリケーションプログラムを作りたければ , Windows なら素直に Visual BASIC を使うか , MFC ( Microsoft Foundation Class ) あるいは .
Net なんかを使うべきでしょう .
X Window なら Motif や GTK などのツールキットを使えば見栄えのいいものができると思います. でも , これらはあくま で 「 ユーザーインタフェース構築のための部品集」なので , これら自体はあまり 「グラフィックスプログラミング」の役に立ちそうにありません.
OpenGL は三次元のグラフィックスライブラリですが , もちろん二次元の機能も持っています . なにより , これを使うと N88BASIC の LINE 文で図形を書いていた頃 ( 遠くなったなぁ ) の気楽さで グラフィックスプログラミングができます ( あくまで個人的な印象です ) .
それでいて , ( 当たり前だけど ) N88BASIC とは比較にならないほどいろんなことができます .
ということで , OpenGL と GLUT を組み合わせれば ,
UNIX 系 OS ( Linux , FreeBSD 等を含む ) と Windows と Mac のいずれでも動く , リアルタイムに三次元表示を行うプログラムが , とっても簡単に書けてしまう ,
という三拍子そろったメリットが得られます.
i Phone OS や Android では , OpenGL から派生した OpenGL ES が使われています .
もちろん GLUT は , 本格的な GUI を持ったプログラムの開発には向いていません .
しかし研究などで , 手早くグラフィックスのプログラムを仕上げないといけないという場合には , とても便利な組み合わせだと思います.
なお GUI については , オリジナルの GLUT 自体にも一応 mui ( micro - UI ) というツールキットが含まれています .
このほか , GLUI という GLUT と C++ で書かれたツールキットがリリースされています.
これについては , GLUI リファレンスマニュアル日本語版 に日本語で書かれた詳しい資料があります . また Clutter という OpenGL のほかに OpenGL ES でも使用できるマルチプラットホームの ツールキットも開発されています .
これらと同様にマルチプラットホームで使えるツールキットとして ,
Qt ( " キュート " と読む ) や FLTK ( Fast Light Toolkit ) , GLFW , SDL ( Simple Directmedia Layer ) などがあります .
Qt は最近のグラフィックスアプリケーションの GUI ツールキットとして非常に人気があります .
非常に高機能ですが , 非常に巨大です .
FLTK は GUI に特化していますが , 非常に軽量です .
GLFW はマウスやキーボードのほか , ジョイスティックも入力デバイスとして使えます .
SDL はジョイスティックなどの入力機器に加えて , 音声も扱うことができます .
一方 , Linux などで使われる GTK というツールキットをベースにしたものに , GtkGLArea や GtkGLExt があります .
その他の OpenGL と組み合わせて使えるツールキットについては , OpenGL.org の GLUT - like Windowing Toolkits に紹介があります .
オリジナルの GLUT のソースファイルの場所 は GLUT - The OpenGL Utility Toolkit のページからたどることができます ( glut - 3.7.tar.gz / glut37.zip と glut_data-3.7.tar.gz / glut37data.zip ) .
ただし , オリジナルの GLUT は , 1998 年に発表された Version 3.7 以来 , 長い間メンテナンスされていません .
現在では , 代わりに freeglut という互換のツールキットが使用されることが多いようです ( 他に OpenGLUT というものもありますが , これも現在メンテナンスされていないようです ) .
ほとんどの Linux / FreeBSD 系の OS には , GLUT ( おそらく freeglut ) のパッケージが用意されていると思います .
使用する OS のパッケージマネージャを使ってインストールしてください .
( Vine ) $ sudo apt - get install freeglut freeglut - devel ( Debian , Ubuntu ) $ sudo apt - get install freeglut3 freeglut3 - dev ( RedHat , Fedra ) $ sudo yum install freeglut $ sudo yum install freeglut - devel
root の権限がないときは , freeglut のソースを入手して , 自分でコンパイルしてください .
freeglut のバージョン 3 以降では , これに cmake を使います ( 渡辺 敏暢 様 情報ありがとうございました ) .
cmake の使い方は , 陳 先生が 「 CMake の勧め 」で説明されています ( 陳 先生 ありがとうございます ) .
下記の " インストール先 " には , 自分が書き込み可能なディレクトリを指定してください .
" - DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=インストール先 " を省略した場合は , make install により /usr / local 以下にインストールされます .
$ tar xzf freeglut - 3.Y.Z.tar.gz $ cd freeglut - 3.Y.Z $ mkdir build $ cd build $ cmake - DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=インストール先 .. $ make $ make install
ここでもし " XInput.h が無い " というエラーでビルドに失敗するときは , freeglut - 3. Y.Z/src/x11 にある fg_internal_x11.h の中で #include している X11/ extensions / XInput.h を X11 / extensions / XI.h に書き換えてください .
一方 , freeglut のバージョン 2 では , ソースプログラムに含まれている configure スクリプトを使います .
下記の " インストール先 " には , 自分が書き込み可能なディレクトリを指定してください. " -- prefix=インストール先 " を省略した場合は , make install により /usr / local 以下にインストールされます .
$ tar xzf freeglut - 2.Y.Z.tar.gz $ cd freeglut - 2.Y.Z $ ./ configure -- prefix=インストール先 $ make $ make install
オリジナルの GLUT をインストールする場合は , GLUT - The OpenGL Utility Toolkit のページからソースファイル ( glut - 3.7.tar.gz , glut_data-3.7.tar.gz ) を取ってきてコンパイルしてください.
ただし , このコンパイルに使用する xmkmf や imake は現在の X Window には含まれていないので , 別に入手してインストールしておく必要があります.
また , その際は glut - 3.7 / lib / glut に cd して make したほうがいいでしょう .
glut -3.7 で make するとサンプルプログラムから何からコンパイルするので , すごく時間がかかります ( 非常に参考になるサンプルプログラムなので , 目を通しておくことを勧めます ) .
$ gunzip -d -c glut -3.7.tar.gz | tar xf - $ cd glut - 3.7 $ xmkmf $ make Makefiles $ make includes $ make depend $ cd lib / glut $ make
上記の手順によ り glut-3.7/lib/glut/libglut.a が作成されます. これと glut-3.7/ include/GL/glut.h を , GLUT を用いて作成するプログラムと同じディレクトリか , 他の適当なディレクトリに置いてください .
Linux などメーカーによって OpenGL が移植されていない UNIX 系 OS では , Mesa と呼ばれる OpenGL 互換のライブラリが X Window に組み込まれています .
このソースプログラムは , SourceForge の Mesa3D プロジェクトから入手できます .
SGI から Mark Kilgard 氏を含む大量のエンジニアが NVIDIA に移籍したと思ったら , 1999 年 2 月には SGI が GLX ( X Window の OpenGL 拡張 ) をオープンソース化して , XFree86 や X. Org でも GLX が使えるようになりました . 現在 NVIDIA や AMD ( ATI ) などのグラフィックスプロセッサメーカーが , OpenGL のハードウェアアクセラレーションが有効なドライバを提供しています.
その他のメーカーも , それぞれにドライバを用意しているようです.
[ New ] NuGet を使えば，以下の手順でプロジェクトごとに freeglut を組み込むことができます ．
OpenGL が使えるのは , OpenGL の DLL をインストールした Windows 95 および Windows 98 以降の OS です .
Windows 95 の場合 , OSR2 以降なら多分標準で入っているのではないかと思いますが , 無い場合は MS からダウンロードしてきてください . これは ftp://ftp.microsoft.com/softlib/MSLFILES/opengl95.exe にあります ( いまさら Windows 95 を使うことは無いと思いますが ) .
GLUT を使えるようにするには , 以前は Nate Robins 氏が Windows 用のバイナリファイルを提供されていましたが , 現在はすでに提供を終了されているようです .
ここでは freeglut をコンパイルして使う方法を説明します .
開発環境は Visual Studio 2013 を想定しています .
freeglut はバージョン 3 から CMake を使用して作成するようになっています .
freeglut のインストールに先立ち , CMake の Windows 用バイナリのインストーラを入手してください .
CMake のサイトの " Download the Latest Version of CMake " のボタンをクリックして , " Binary distributions : " の " Windows ( Win32 Installer ) " を選んでください .
CMake のインストーラを起動してインストールしてください. 次に , freeglut のソースファイルを入手します .
これは .tar.gz 形式のアーカイブファイルなので , lhaplus などの適当なアーカイバを使って展開してください .
CMake ( cmake - gui ) を起動し , " Browse Source " をクリックして freeglut のソースファイルを展開したディレクトリを選んでください.てください.
" Browse Build " をクリックして , コンパイルしたバイナリファイルを置くディレクトリを選んでください.
これはソースファイルのディレクトリの下に " build " というフォルダを作成することが一般的のようです .
" Configure " をクリックします .
すると , 使用する開発環境を尋ねられます .
ここでは Visual Studio 2013 を使用し , 32 bit 版のライブラリファイルを作成することにします. 最後に " Generate " をクリックすれば , Visual Studio 2013 のソリューションファイルファイルが作成されます.
Visual Studio 2013 のソリューションファイルファイル freeglut.sln は , " Browse Build " に指定したフォルダに作成されます .
Visual Studio 2013 でこれを開いてください .
演習のプログラムは , とりあえ ず Debug モードで作成すると思いますから , 「 構成マネージャ 」 の「 アクティブ ソリューション 構成 」 は " Debug " のままにしておいてください .
「 アクティブ ショリューション プラットフォーム 」 は " Win32 " を選んでください .
64 ビット版のライブラリを作成する場合は , CMake の Configure 時に 64 ビット版のライブラリファイルの作成を指定する必要があります .
CMake の Configure を最初からやり直すには , cmake - gui の " File " メニューの " Delete Cache " を選んでください .
Visual Studio 2013 の 「 ビルド」メニューの「ソリューションのビルド」を選んでください.
ビルドに成功すれば , CMake の " Browse Build " に指定したフォルダの中の " bin " と " lib " フォルダの下にライブラリファイルが作成されます.
" bin " フォルダの " Debug " フォルダの中にある freeglutd.dll , および " lib " フォルダの " Debug " フォルダの中にあ る freeglutd .lib と freeglut_staticd.lib というファイルを , 使用する開発環境に応じて , それぞれ次の場所にコピーします. freeglutd.lib , freeglut_staticd.lib OS が 32 ビット版なら " C: \Program Files \Windows Kits\8.1\Lib\winv6.3\um\x86 "
OS が 64 ビット版な ら Win32 版は " C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Windows Kits\8.1\Lib\winv6.3\um\x86 " x64 版は " C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Windows Kits\8.1\Lib\winv6.3\um\x64 "
freeglutd.dll OS が 32 ビット版なら " C: \Windows \System32 "
OS が 64 ビット版な ら Win32 版の DLL は " C: \Windows \SysWOW64 " x64 版の DLL は " C: \Windows \ System32 " ( 64 ビット版 OS の " C: \Windows \ System32 " には 64 ビット版の DLL を入れます )
自分のプログラム を Release ビルドする可能性がある場合は , Visual Studio 2013 の 「 アクティブ ソリューション 構成 」 を " Release " に切り替えて , freeglut を Release ビルドしてください .
" bin " フォルダと " lib " フォルダのそれぞれの " Release " フォルダの下 に freeglut.dll および freeglut.lib , freeglut_static.lib が作成されますから , これらを上記と同じ場所にコピーしてください.
展開した freeglut のフォルダにある " include " フォルダの中の " GL " フォルダにあるヘッダファイルを下記の場所にコピーします.
glut.h freeglut.h freeglut_std.h freeglut_ext.h OS が 32 ビット版なら " C: \Program Files \Windows Kits\8.1\Include\um\gl "
OS が 64 ビット版なら " C: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Windows Kits\8.1\Include\um\gl "
C++ Builder の場合は " えむっち " さんの へっぽこプログラマー日記が参考になります .
Cygwin の場合は Cygwin で OpenGL / Glut を使う方法で詳しく解説されています . また , フリーの処理系の LCC - Win32 というのも使えるそうです ( Using GLUT with LCC - Win32 , 山本 秀一 先生 ご教示ありがとうございました ) .
この他 , 埼玉大学の櫻井 先生が OpenGL と GLUT を Windows9*/NT
で使う方法について OpenGL の部屋に詳しくおまとめになっています .
Mac OS X では標準で OpenGL と GLUT が使えます .
OS に標準で添付されている Developer Tools をインストールしてください .
GLUT は Developer Tools に含まれています .
ソースプログラムも公開されています ( GLUT for Mac OS X ) .
ただし , この Web ページのソースプログラムをそのままコンパイルできるようにするためには , /usr / local / include に GL というディレクトリを掘って , そこに GLUT のソースファイルに含まれている glut.h をコピーするか , そこから / System / Library / Frameworks / GLUT.framework/Headers/glut.h へのシンボリックリンクを張っておく必要があります.
$ sudo mkdir /usr / local / include $ sudo mkdir /usr / local / include / GL $ cd /usr / local / include / GL $ sudo ln -s / System / Library / Frameworks / GLUT.framework/Headers/glut.h .
この最後のシンボリックリンクを作成しない場合は , 以下のソースプログラムにおいて GL / glut.h ではなく GLUT / glut.h を #include するようにしてください ( Mac OS X ではそうするのがスジでしょう ) .
ところで , Mac OS X 10.9 ( Mavericks ) / Xcode 5 以降で GLUT を使ったプログラムをコンパイルすると , " deplicated " ( 非推奨 ) という警告が出ます .
このメッセージは以下の方法で抑制できます.
Xcode 5 のプロジェクトの Build Settings で , OS X Deployment Target として OS X 10.8 以前を選ぶ .
コマンドラインでは -mmacosx-version - min=10.8 というオプションを追加するか , 環境変数 MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET
に 10.8 を設定しておく .
あるいは , コマンドラインに - Wdeprecated - declarations というオプションを追加する .
しかし , Mac OS X では OpenGL の Core Profile ( OpenGL 3.2 より前の古い機能との互換性を維持しないモード ) の使用を推奨しており , Compatibility Mode に依存した GLUT はもう使うべきではないのかも知れません .
なお , GLUT の代替として使用でき る GLFW は Mac OS X でも使用でき , Core Profile も選択できます .
このほか , Mac OS X 上の X Window 環境である XQuartz も GLX ( OpenGL Extension ) をサポートしており , この上でも OpenGL を使うことができます .
GLUT も含まれています .
freeglut を使用する場合は , ２．２と同様にソースからコンパイルしてください.
freeglut の場合は , cc ( あるいは gcc ) コマンドに - lglut - lGLU - lGL というオプションを追加するだけでコンパイルできます .
この演習では , このほかに三角関数などの数学ライブラリも使用するので , さらに - lm というオプションも付ける必要があります .
$ cc program .c - lglut - lGLU -lGL -lm
オリジナルの GLUT の場合は , 以下のようなオプションを付ける必要があるかもしれません
( 使う可能性のあるライブラリを全部並べたので , 環境によっては不必要なものも含まれています ) .
$ cc -I/usr / X11R6 / include program.c -L/usr/X11R6/lib - lglut - lGLU -lGL - lXmu - lXi - lXext - lX11 - lm - lpthread
GLUT のソースをコンパイルした場合は , 上のコマンドにおいて glut.h と libglut .
a を置いた場所をオプションで指定してください.
仮に , これらを作成するプログラムと同じディレクトリに置いたとすれば , " - I. - L. " というオプションを追加します .
コンパイルの度に長いコマンドを打つのは面倒だと感じたら , 楽をする方法を考えましょう. これにはいくつかの方法が考えられます.
シェルの関数を定義する
あらかじめ以下のようなコマンドを実行しておきます.
$ function ccgl ( ) { cc - I/usr / X11R6 / include " $@ " - L/usr/X11R6/lib - lglut - lGLU -lGL - lXmu - lXi - lXext - lX11 - lm - lpthread ; }
そうすると , 以降は以下のコマンドでコンパイル ( ＆リンク ) が行えます .
$ ccgl program.c
これを . bashrc の中に書いておけば , ログインする度に alias コマンドを実行する手間が省けます .
シェルスクリプトを書く
以下のような内容のファイル ccgl を作成してください .
#!/bin/sh exec cc - I/usr / X11R6 / include " $@ " -L/usr/X11R6/lib - lglut - lGLU -lGL - lXmu - lXi - lXext - lX11 - lm - lpthread
そのあと chmod コマンドを実行して , このシェルスクリプトを実行可能にします .
$ chmod +x ccgl
以降はこの ccgl コマンドを使ってコンパイルできます .
$ ./ccgl program.c
Makefile を作る
以下の内容の Makefile というファイルを作ります . " -- Tab--> " のところは , タブ ( Tab ) を使って字下げしてください .
CFLAGS = - I/usr / X11R6 / include LDLIBS = -L/usr/X11R6/lib - lglut - lGLU -lGL - lXmu - lXi - lXext - lX11 - lm - lpthread a.out : program .c -- Tab --> $ ( CC ) $ ( CFLAGS ) program .c $ ( LDLIBS )
Makefile のあるディレクトリで make コマンドを実行すると , program .c がコンパイルされて a.out という実行ファイルが生成されます. なお , $ ( CC ) は cc ( または gcc ) コマンドに置き換わります .
なお , この場合 $ ( CC ) の行は , 実は書かなくても大丈夫です ．
$ make
このコマンドは emacs の中から も M-x compile で起動できます .
Makefile にはファイルの 「 生成規則 」を記述します . make は実行すると , Makefile 中の最初の生成規則を探します .
上のファイルの場合 , a.out の行がそれになります .
この行には a.out というターゲットを生成するのに program .c が必要だという依存関係を記述しており , その次の行に実際に a.out を生成するための手続きを記述しています ( 注 ) . この行の行頭は Tab 文字にしてください .
ターゲットが複数あるときは以下のようにします.
CFLAGS = - I/usr / X11R6 / include LDLIBS = -L/usr/X11R6/lib - lglut - lGLU -lGL - lXmu - lXi - lXext - lX11 - lm - lpthread all : prog1 prog2 prog1 : prog1.c -- Tab --> $ ( CC ) $ ( CFLAGS ) prog1.c -o prog1 $ ( LDLIBS ) prog2 : prog2.c -- Tab --> $ ( CC ) $ ( CFLAGS ) prog2.c -o prog2 $ ( LDLIBS )
この最初の生成規則は all の行で , all を生成するには prog1 と prog2 が必要だという依存関係を記述しています .
しかし all の生成方法は記述していないので , make は prog1 と prog2 の両方の生成だけが完了した時点で終了します .
特定のターゲットだけを生成したいときは , そのターゲット名を make の引数に指定します .
$ make prog1
プロジェクトを新規作成する際 に「 Win32 コンソール アプリケーション」を選び , 「 空のプロジェクト」を作成してください .
Visual Studio の使い方を知らない人は , まずこちら ( Visual Studio 2008 ) かこちら ( Visual Studio .NET 2003 ) あるいはこちら ( Visual C++ 6.0 ) を見てください ．
以降で示すプログラムは , UNIX / Linux 系 OS 上での実行を前提に作成しています .
Windows 上で は 「 Win32 コンソール アプリケーション 」 のプロジェクトにすることで , これらのプログラムをそのまま Visual Studio 2008 でコンパイルできるようになります .
プログラムの実行時にコンソールウィンドウを開きたくない場合は , ソースプログラムの先頭に次の 1 行を入れてください .
# pragma comment ( linker , " / subsystem : \" windows \ " / entry : \" mainCRTStartup\ " " )
freeglut あるいは GLUT 3.7.2 以降と Visual Studio の組合わせなら , ソースファイルで GL / glut.h を #include することで , 自動的に freeglut.lib または glut32.lib , glu32.lib , および opengl32.lib がリンクされます ( 山下 真 様 ご教示ありがとうございました ) .
したがって , このままビルドすれば実行ファイルができあがるはずです.
もしうまくいかないようなら , プロジェクトのプロパティ ( Alt + F7 ) を開き , 「 構成プロパティ 」 の 「 リンカ 」 の 「 入力」を選んで , 「 追加の依存ファイル 」 に freeglut.lib または glut32.lib , glu32.lib , および opengl32.lib の三つを追加してください. このほか , 「 C/C ++ 」 の「 プリプロセッサ」を選んで , 「 プリプロセッサの定義 」 に WIN32 が含まれていることを確かめてください ( 無いことは無いと思いますが ) .
もしなければ追加してください .
プログラムをコマンドラインでコンパイルする場合は , cc ( あるいは gcc ) コマンドに以下のようなオプションを付けてください ( 榎本 剛 様 ご教示ありがとうございました ) .
$ cc program .c - framework GLUT - framework OpenGL
Mac OS X 10.9 ( Maverics ) 以降では , GLUT を使用したプログラムはコンパイル時に警告が出ます .
この警告を抑制するには , -mmacosx-version -min=10.8 というオプションを追加してください.
できた a.out を実行すれば , ウィンドウが開きます .
メニューも付いているはずです ( メニューからスクリーンショットの保存ができると思います ) .
Developer Tools に含まれ る Xcode を使う場合は , 既に用意されている GLUT のサンプルプログラムの ( 結合 ) プロジェクトにターゲットを追加するのが , 一番手っ取り早いように思います .
新たにプロジェクトを起こす場合は , 次のような手順になります .
新規プロジェクトとして空のプロジェクトを作成する.
新規ターゲットとしてアプリケーションを追加する.
GLUT. framework および OpenGL.framework の二つのフレームワークを追加する. ソースファイルを作成あるいは追加する. ビルドする .
詳しくはここ ( Xcode 3 ) かここ ( Xcode ) , あるいはここ ( Project Builder ) を参照してください .
なお , ２．４で示したよう に /usr/local / include / GL 等に glut.h を置いていない場合は , ヘッダファイルとして GL / glut.h ではなく GLUT / glut.h を #include してください .
上記の手順が面倒な場合は , このファイルを展開してできる " GLUT Application " というフォルダを / Developer / Library / Xcode / Project Templates / Application というフォルダに入れれば , Xcode 3 で新規プロジェクトを作成するときに , " Application " のところに " GLUT Application " が現れます .
ただし , これは見よう見まねで作ったので , 正しいのかどうかわかりません .
Mac OS X 上で X Window ( X11 ) 用にプログラムをコンパイルするには , ３．１で述べた UNIX 系 OS の場合に準じます .
cc コマンドに以下のオプションを追加してください .
$ cc -I/usr / X11R6 / include program.c -L/usr/X11R6/lib - lglut - lGLU -lGL
いよいよプログラムの作成に入ります .
ウィンドウを開くだけのプログラムは , GLUT を使うとこんな風になります .
このソースプログラムを prog1.c とというファイル名で作成し , コンパイルして出来上がった実行プログラム ( a.out ) を実行してみてください .
#include < GL / glut.h > void display ( void ) { } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv [ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc(display ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
void glutInit ( int * argcp , char ** argv ) GLUT および OpenGL 環境を初期化します .
引数には main の引数をそのまま渡します .
X Window で使われるオプション - display などはここで処理されます .
この関数によって引数の内容が変更されます.
プログラム自身で処理すべき引数があるときは , この後で処理します. int glutCreateWindow ( char * name ) ウィンドウを開きます .
引数 name はそのウィンドウの名前の文字列で , タイトルバーなどに表示されます .
以降の OpenGL による図形の描画等は , 開いたウィンドウに対して行われます. なお , 戻り値は開いたウィンドウの識別子です. void glutDisplayFunc(void ( * func ) ( void ) ) 引数 func は開いたウィンドウ内に描画する関数へのポインタです .
ウィンドウが開かれたり , 他のウィンドウによって隠されたウィンドウが再び現れたりして , ウィンドウを再描画する必要があるときに , この関数が実行されます . したがって , この関数内で図形表示を行います. void glutMainLoop ( void ) これは無限ループです .
この関数を呼び出すことで , プログラムはイベントの待ち受け状態になります.
見れば分かる通り , プログラムは ,
初期化して , ウィンドウを開いて , そのウィンドウ内に絵を描く関数を決めて , 何かことが起こるのを待つ .
という順になります .
C 言語の教科書なんかに良く出てくる 「 標準入出力を使ったプログラム」なんかと違うところは , 中心となる処理 ( この場合 display ( ) ) を実行するタイミングが , ソースプログラムを見ただけでは何時なのかわからない , というところでしょうか .
最初に display ( ) が実行されるのは , 初めてウィンドウが開いたとき , すなわち , glutMainLoop ( ) が glutCreateWindow ( )
の指示を受けてウィンドウの生成を完了したときになります.
また , その後も , このウィンドウがほかのウィンドウに隠され再び現れたときのように , ウィンドウの再描画が必要になったときに実行されます.
上のプログラムでは display ( ) の中身に何も記述していないため , display ( ) が呼び出されても何も仕事をしません .
試しにこのウィンドウを移動したり , 他のウィンドウで隠したりしてみてください.
ウィンドウの中の表示はおかしなものになっていると思います.
このように複数の ( オーバーラップ可能な ) ウィンドウが使用できるウィンドウシステムに対応したプログラムでは , 処理の流れは時間軸に沿って「プログラムの始めから終りへ」ではなく , 何かこと ( 事象 ) が起るたび に 「 プログラムの各部がランダムに」実行されます.
従って , そのプログラミングスタイルも , 「 事象」に対して , その 「対処方法」を登録していくというものになります.
ここではこの事象をイベントと呼び , 対処方法の手続きをハンドラと呼ぶことにします.
なお , このプログラムに は 「 終了する方法」を組み込んでいないので , プログラムを終了するには実行したウィンドウで
Ctrl - C をタイプするか , ウィンドウを閉じてください .
今までは関数 display ( ) の中に何も記述していなかったので , ウィンドウの中身はでたらめ ( おそらく , そのウィンドウの位置に以前に描かれていた内容の残骸 ) だと思います .
そこで , 今度は開いたウィンドウを塗りつぶしてみます. prog1.c に太字のところを追加し , もう一度コンパイルしてプログラムを実行してみてください .
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void init ( void ) { glClearColor ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
void glutInitDisplayMode( unsigned int mode ) ディスプレイの表示モードを設定します .
mode に GLUT_RGBA を指定した場合は , 色の指定を RGB ( 赤緑青 , 光の三原色 ) で行えるようにします .
他にインデックスカラーモード ( GLUT_INDEX ) も指定できます .
後者はうまく使えば効率の良い表示が行えますが , それなりに面倒なので , ここではお任せで使える RGBA モードを使います .
void glClearColor ( GLclampf R , GLclampf G , GLclampf B , GLclampf A ) glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT )
でウィンドウを塗りつぶす際の色を指定します .
R，G，B はそれぞれ赤 , 緑 , 青色の成分の強さを示す GLclampf 型 ( float 型と等価 ) の値で , 0〜1 の間の値を持ちます .
1 が最も明るく , この三つに ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) を指定すれば黒色 , ( 1 , 1 , 1 ) を指定すれば白色になります .
上の例ではウィンドウは 青色 で塗りつぶされます .
最後の A はα値と呼ばれ , OpenGL では不透明度として扱われます ( 0 で透明 , 1 で不透明 ) .
ここではとりあえず 1 にしておいてください. void glClear ( GLbitfield mask ) ウィンドウを塗りつぶします .
mask には塗りつぶすバッファを指定します .
OpenGL が管理する画面上のバッファ ( メモリ ) には , 色を格納するカラーバッファの他 , 隠面消去処理に使うデプスバッファ , 凝ったことをするときに使うステンシルバッファ , カラーバッファの上に重ねて表示されるオーバーレイバッファなど , いくつかのものがあり , これらが一つのウィンドウに重なって存在しています.
mask に GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT
を指定したときは , カラーバッファだけが塗りつぶされます. glFlush ( void ) glFlush ( ) はまだ実行されていない OpenGL の命令を全部実行します .
OpenGL は関数呼び出しによって生成される OpenGL の命令をその都度実行するのではなく , いくつか溜め込んでおいてまとめて実行します .
このため , ある程度命令が溜まらないと 関数を呼び出しても実行が開始されない場合があります. glFlush ( ) はそういう状況で まだ実行されていない残りの命令の実行を開始します. ひんぱんに glFlush ( ) を呼び出すと , かえって描画速度が低下します .
glClearColor ( ) は , プログラムの実行中に背景色を変更することがなければ , 最初に一度だけ設定すれば十分です. そこでこのような初期化処理を行う関数は , glMainLoop ( ) の前に実行する関数 init ( ) にまとめて置くことにします .
glFlush ( ) のかわりに glFinish ( ) を使う場合もあります. これは , glFlush ( ) がまだ実行されていない OpenGL の命令の実行開始を促すのに加えて , glFinish ( ) はそれがすべて完了するのを待ちます .
gl * ( ) で始まる ( glu * ( ) や glut * ( ) で始まらない ) 関数が , OpenGL の API です .
ウィンドウ内に線を引いてみます. prog1.c を以下のように変更し , コンパイルしてプログラムを実行してください.
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glBegin( GL_LINE_LOOP ) ; glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
void glBegin( GLnum mode ) void glEnd ( void ) 図形を描くには , glBegin ( ) 〜glEnd ( ) の間にその図形の各頂点の座標値を設定する関数を置きます. glBegin ( ) の引数 mode には描画する図形のタイプを指定します .
void glVertex2d ( GLdouble x , GLdouble y) glVertex2d ( ) は二次元の座標値を設定するのに使います.
引数の型は GLdouble ( double と等価 ) です. 引数が float 型のときは glVertex2f ( ) , int 型のときは glVertex2i ( ) を使います .
描かれる図形は , ( - 0.9 , - 0.9 ) と ( 0.9 , 0.9 ) の 2 点を対角線とする正方形です .
これがウィンドウに対して 「 一回り小さく」描かれます.
このウィンドウの大きさと図形の大きさの比率は , ウィンドウを各台縮小しても変化しません.
これはウィンドウの x 軸と y 軸の範囲が , ともに [ - 1 , 1 ] に固定されているからです .
glBegin ( ) の引数 mode に指定できる図形のタイプには以下のようなものがあります .
詳しくは man glBegin を参照してください .
GL_POINTS 点を打ちます .
GL_LINES 2 点を対にして , その間を直線で結びます .
GL_LINE_STRIP
折れ線を描きます .
GL_LINE_LOOP
折れ線を描きます .
始点と終点の間も結ばれます .
GL_TRIANGLES / GL_QUADS 3 / 4 点を組にして , 三角形 / 四角形を描きます .
GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP
/ GL_QUAD_STRIP
一辺を共有しながら帯状に三角形／四角形を描きます .
GL_TRIANGLE_FAN
一辺を共有しながら扇状に三角形を描きます .
GL_POLYGON 凸多角形を描きます .
OpenGL を処理するハードウェアは , 実際には三角形しか塗り潰すことができません ( モノによっては四角形もできるものもあります ) .
このため GL_POLYGON の場合は , 多角形を三角形に分割してから処理します.
従って , もし描画速度が重要な ら GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP
や GL_TRIANGLE_FAN
を使うよう プログラムを工夫してみてください . また GL_QUADS も GL_POLYGON より高速です .
線に色を付けてみます . prog1.c を以下のように変更し , コンパイルしてください .
プログラムを実行したら線は何色で表示されたでしょうか?
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glColor3d ( 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINE_LOOP ) ; glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
void glColor3d ( GLdouble r , GLdouble g , GLdouble b) glColor3d ( ) はこれから描画するものの色を指定します.
引数の型は GLdouble 型 ( double と等価 ) で , r，g，b にはそれぞれ赤 , 緑 , 青の強さを 0〜1 の範囲で指定します . 引数が float 型のときは glColor3f ( ) , int 型のときは glColor3i ( ) を使います .
図形を塗りつぶしてみます .
GL_LINE_LOOP を GL_POLYGON に変更し , ついでに背景も白色に変更しましょう .
変更したプログラムをコンパイルして実行してください.
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glColor3d ( 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_POLYGON ) ; glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void init ( void ) { glClearColor ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
色は頂点毎に指定することもできます. glBegin( ) の前の glColor3d ( ) を消して , かわりに四つの glVertex2d ( ) の前に glColor3d ( ) を置きます .
prog1.c を以下のように変更してください.
コンパイルしてプログラムを実行すると , どういう色の付き方になったでしょうか?
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glBegin( GL_POLYGON ) ; glColor3d ( 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 赤 */ glVertex2d( -0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glColor3d ( 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 緑 */ glVertex2d( 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 ) ; /* 青 */ glVertex2d( 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glColor3d ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 黄 */ glVertex2d ( - 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
多分 , 多角形の内部は頂点の色から補間した色で塗りつぶされたと思います.
このプログラムは後で使用するので , prog2.c というコピーを作っておいてください.
$ cp prog1.c prog2.c
glVertex *( ) や glColor *( ) のような関数の * の部分は , 引数の型や数などを示しています .
詳しくは man glVertex2d や man glColor3d を参照してください .
ウィンドウ内に表示する図形の座標軸は , そのウィンドウ自体の大きさと図形表示を行う
" 空間 " との関係で決定します .
開いたウィンドウの位置や大きさはマウスを使って変更することができますが , その情報はウィンドウマネージャを通じて , イベントとしてプログラムに伝えられます.
これまでのプログラムでは , ウィンドウのサイズを変更すると表示内容もそれにつれて拡大縮小していました.
これを表示内容の大きさを変えずに表示領域のみを広げるようにします.
prog1.c に以下のように resize ( ) という関数を追加し , glutReshapeFunc ( ) を使って それをウィンドウのリサイズ ( 拡大縮小 ) のイベントに対するハンドラに指定します .
プログラムが変更できたらコンパイルしてプログラムを実行し , 開いたウィンドウを拡大縮小してみてください.
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) {
/* ウィンドウ全体をビューポートにする */ glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; /* 変換行列の初期化 */ glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* スクリーン上の表示領域をビューポートの大きさに比例させる */ glOrtho(-w / 200.0 , w / 200.0 , -h / 200.0 , h / 200.0 , - 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
void glViewport ( GLint x , GLint y , GLsizei w , GLsizei h ) ビューポートを設定します .
ビューポートとは , 開いたウィンドウの中で , 実際に描画が行われる領域のことをいいます.
正規化デバイス座標系の 2 点 ( - 1 , - 1 ) , ( 1 , 1 ) を結ぶ線分を対角線とする矩形領域がここに表示されます.
最初の二つの引数 x , y にはその領域の左下隅の位置 , w には幅 , h には高さをデバイス座標系での値 , すなわちディスプレイ上の画素数で指定します. 関数 resize ( ) の引数 w , h にはそれぞれウィンドウの幅と高さが入っていますから , glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) はリサイズ後のウィンドウの全面を表示領域に使うことになります. void glLoadIdentity ( void ) これは変換行列に単位行列を設定します .
座標変換の合成は行列の積で表されますから , 変換行列には初期値として単位行列を設定しておきます.
void glOrtho( GLdouble l , GLdouble r , GLdouble b , GLdouble t , GLdouble n , GLdouble f ) glOrtho ( ) はワールド座標系を正規化デバイス座標系に平行投影
( orthographic projection : 正射影 ) する行列を変換行列に乗じます .
引数には左から , l に表示領域の左端 ( left ) の位置 , r に右端 ( right ) の位置 , b に下端 ( bottom ) の位置 , t に上端 ( top ) の位置 , n に前方面 ( near ) の位置 , f に後方面 ( far ) の位置を指定します .
これは , ビューポートに表示される空間の座標軸を設定します. glutReshapeFunc(void ( * func ) ( int w , int h ) ) 引数 func には , ウィンドウがリサイズされたときに実行する関数のポインタを与えます .
この関数の引数にはリサイズ後のウィンドウの幅と高さが渡されます.
resize ( ) の処理によって , プログラムは glViewport ( ) で指定した領域に glOrtho ( ) で指定した領域内の図形を表示するようになります. ここで glOrtho ( ) で指定するの領域の大きさをビューポートの大きさに比例するように設定すれば , 表示内容の大きさをビューポートの大きさにかかわらず一定に保つことができます.
ここでビューポートの大きさは開いたウィンドウの大きさと一致させていますから , ウィンドウのリサイズしても表示内容の大きさを一定に保つことができます.
図形はワールド座標系と呼ばれる空間にあり , その 2 点 ( l , b ) , ( r , t ) を結ぶ線分を対角線とする矩形領域を , 2 点 ( - 1 , - 1 ) , ( 1 , 1 ) を対角線とする矩形領域に投影します .
この投影された座標系を正規化デバイス座標系
( あるいはクリッピング座標系 ) と呼びます .
この正規化デバイス座標系の正方形領域内の図形がデバイス座標系
( ディスプレイ上の表示領域の座標系 ) のビューポートに表示されますから , 結果的にワールド座標系から glOrtho( )
で指定した矩形領域を切り取ってビューポートに表示することになります.
ワールド座標系から切り取る領域は , " ＣＧ用語 " 的には 「 ウィンドウ」と呼ばれ , ワールド座標系から正規化デバイス座標系への変換は
「 ウィンドウイング変換」と呼ばれます. しかしウィンドウシステム ( X Window , MS Windows 等) においては , 「 ウィンドウ」はアプリケーションプログラムが
ディスプレイ上に作成する表示領域のことを指すので , ここの説明ではこれを「座標軸」と呼んでいます. なお , 正規化デバイス座標系からデバイス座標系への変換はビューポート変換と呼ばれます.
glOrtho ( ) では引数として l , r , t , b の他に n と f も指定する必要があります .
実は OpenGL は二次元図形の表示においても内部的に三次元の処理を行っており , ワールド座標系は奥行き ( Z ) 方向にも軸を持つ三次元空間になっています .
n と f には , それぞれこの空間の前方面 ( 可視範囲の手前側の限界 ) と後方面 ( 可視範囲の遠方の限界 ) を指定します .
n より手前にある面や f より遠方にある面は表示されません .
二次元図形は奥行き ( Z ) 方向が 0 の三次元図形として取り扱われるので , ここでは n ( 前方面 , 可視範囲の手前の位置 ) を - 1.0 , f ( 後方面 , 遠方の位置 ) を 1 にしています .
glOrtho ( ) を使用しなければ変換行列は単位行列のままなので , ワールド座標系と正規化デバイス座標系は一致し , ワールド座標系の 2 点 ( - 1 , - 1 ) , ( 1 , 1 ) を対角線とする矩形領域がビューポートに表示されます.
ビューポート内に表示する空間の座標軸が変化しないため , この状態でウィンドウのサイズを変化させると , それに応じて表示される図形のサイズも変わります.
初期状態はこのようになっています.
表示図形のサイズをビューポートの大きさにかかわらず一定にするには , glOrtho ( ) で指定するの領域の大きさをビューポートの大きさに比例するように設定します.
例えばワールド座標系の座標軸が上記と同様に l , r , t , b , n , f で与えられており , もともとのウィンドウの大きさ が
W×H , リサイズ後のウィンドウの大きさが w×h なら , glOrtho(l * w / W , r * w / W , b * h / H , t * h / H , n , f ) とします .
上のプログラムでは , ワールド座標系の 2 点 ( - 1 , - 1 ) , ( 1 , 1 ) を対角線とする矩形領域 を
200×200 の大きさのウィンドウに表示した時の表示内容の大きさが 常に保たれるよう設定しています .
プログラムの起動時に開くウィンドウの位置やサイズを指定したいときは , glutInitWindowPosition ( ) および glutInitWindowSize ( ) を使います .
これらを使用しなければ , プログラムが起動したときに開かれるウィンドウのサイズは
ウィンドウマネージャの設定に従います. prog1.c に試しに太字の部分を追加してみてください.
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInitWindowPosition ( 100 , 100 ) ; glutInitWindowSize ( 320 , 240 ) ; glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
void glutInitWindowSize ( int w , int h ) 新たに開くウィンドウの幅と高さを指定します .
これを指定しないときは , 300×300 のウィンドウを開きます. void glutInitWindowPosition ( int x , int y ) 新たに開くウィンドウの位置を指定します .
これを指定しないときは , ウィンドウマネージャによってウィンドウを開く位置を決定します.
X Window の場合 , - geometry オプションによって コマンドラインからウィンドウを開く位置やサイズを指定できます. これは glutInit ( ) によって処理されるので , - geometry オプションを有効にするには glutInitWindowPosition ( ) と glutInitWindowSize ( ) を glutInit ( ) より前に置き , 無効にするには後に置きます .
マウスのボタンを押したことを知るには , glutMouseFunc ( ) という関数で マウスのボタンを操作したときに呼び出す関数を指定します.
prog1.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < stdio.h > # include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 途中削除 */ glFlush ( ) ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) {
/* ウィンドウ全体をビューポートにする */ glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; /* 変換行列の初期化 */ glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 以下削除 */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { switch ( button ) { case GLUT_LEFT_BUTTON : printf ( " left " ) ; break ; case GLUT_MIDDLE_BUTTON : printf ( " middle " ) ; break ; case GLUT_RIGHT_BUTTON : printf ( " right " ) ; break ; default : break ; } printf ( " button is " ) ; switch ( state ) { case GLUT_UP : printf ( " up " ) ; break ; case GLUT_DOWN : printf ( " down " ) ; break ; default : break ; } printf ( " at ( %d , %d )
" , x , y ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInitWindowPosition ( 100 , 100 ) ; glutInitWindowSize ( 320 , 240 ) ; glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; glutMouseFunc( mouse ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
glutMouseFunc( void ( * func ) ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) ) 引数 func には , マウスのボタンが押されたときに実行する関数のポインタを与えます.
この関数の引数 button には押されたボタ ン
( GLUT_LEFT_BUTTON , GLUT_MIDDLE_BUTTON , GLUT_RIGHT_BUTTON ) , state には 「 押した ( GLUT_DOWN ) 」のか「 離した ( GLUT_UP ) 」のか , x と y にはその位置が渡されます .
プログラムが変更できたら , コンパイルしてプログラムを実行してみてください.
開いたウィンドウの上でマウスのボタンをクリックしてみてください.
x と y に渡される座標は , ウィンドウの左上隅を原点 ( 0 , 0 ) とした画面上の画素の位置になります .
デバイス座標系とは上下が反転している ので気をつけてください .
マウスの位置をもとに図形を描く場合は , マウスの位置からウィンドウ上の座標値を求めなければなりません.
ここではちょっと手を抜いて , ワールド座標系がこのマウスの座標系に一致するよう glOrtho( ) を設定します ( 上図 ) .
またウィンドウの上下も反転します ( prog1.c の下線部 ) .
prog1.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < stdio.h > # include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) {
/* ウィンドウ全体をビューポートにする */ glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; /* 変換行列の初期化 */ glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* スクリーン上の座標系をマウスの座標系に一致させる */ glOrtho( - 0.5 , ( GLdouble ) w - 0.5 , ( GLdouble ) h - 0.5 , - 0.5 , - 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { static int x0 , y0 ; switch ( button ) { case GLUT_LEFT_BUTTON : if ( state == GLUT_UP ) { /* ボタンを押した位置から離した位置まで線を引く */ glColor3d( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; glVertex 2i ( x0 , y0 ) ; glVertex 2i( x , y ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } else { /* ボタンを押した位置を覚える */ x0 = x ; y0 = y ; } break ; case GLUT_MIDDLE_BUTTON : /* 削除 */ break ; case GLUT_RIGHT_BUTTON : /* 削除 */ break ; default : break ; } /* 以下削除 */ } void init( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
前のプログラムでは , ウィンドウのサイズを変えたり ウインドウが他のウィンドウに隠されたあと再び表示される度に , ウィンドウの中身が消えてしまいます . やはり , この場合もちゃんと書き直してやる必要があるわけですが , そのためにはそれまでに表示した内容を記憶しておかなければなりません.
mouse ( ) が実行されたときに , 配列に現在の位置を記憶しておき , display ( ) が実行されたときに , それをまとめて描画するようにします. prog1.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < stdio.h > # include < GL/glut.h > # define MAXPOINTS
100 /* 記憶する点の数 */ GLint point [ MAXPOINTS ] [ 2 ] ; /* 座標を記憶する配列 */ int pointnum = 0 ; /* 記憶した座標の数 */ void display ( void ) { int i ; glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 記録したデータで線を描く */ if ( pointnum > 1 ) { glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < pointnum ; ++i ) { glVertex2iv( point [ i ] ) ; } glEnd ( ) ; } glFlush ( ) ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 削除 */ switch ( button ) { case GLUT_LEFT_BUTTON : /* ボタンを操作した位置を記録する */ point [ pointnum ] [ 0 ] = x ; point [ pointnum ] [ 1 ] = y ; if ( state == GLUT_UP ) { /* ボタンを押した位置から離した位置まで線を引く */ glColor3d( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; glVertex2iv( point [ pointnum - 1 ] ) ; /* 一つ前は押した位置 */ glVertex2iv( point [ pointnum ] ) ; /* 今の位置は離した位置 */ glEnd( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } else { /* 削除 */ } if ( pointnum < MAXPOINTS - 1 ) ++ pointnum ; break ; case GLUT_MIDDLE_BUTTON : break ; case GLUT_RIGHT_BUTTON : break ; default : break ; } } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
glVertex2iv( const GLint * v ) この関数は glVertex2i ( ) と同様に二次元の座標値を設定しますが , 引数 v には 2 個の要素をも つ GLint 型 ( int と等価 ) の配列を指定します . v [ 0 ] には x 座標値 , v [ 1 ] には y 座標値を格納します .
この例のように , 複数の点の座標を指定する場合に便利です .
マウスのボタンを押しながらマウスを動かす操作を , ドラッグと言います . ドラッグ中はマウスの位置を継続的に取得する必要がありますが , glutMouseFunc ( ) で指定するハンドラはボタンを押したときにしか実行されないので , この目的には使用できません .
マウスを動かしたときに実行する関数を指定するには , glutMotionfunc ( ) または glutPassiveMotionFunc( ) を使用します. glutMotionfunc ( ) で指定した関数は , マウスのボタンを押しながらマウスを動かしたときに実行されます. glutPassiveMotionFunc( ) で指定した関数は , マウスのボタンを押さずにマウスを動かしたときに実行されます.
前のプログラムでは , マウスの左ボタンを押してから離すまでウィンドウには何も表示されませんでした.
これを , マウスのドラッグ中は線分をマウスに追従して描くようにします.
このような効果をラバーバンド ( 輪ゴム ) と言います. こ のために glutMotionFunc ( ) を使って , マウスのドラッグ中にラバーバンドを表示するようにします
( 大川 様 ご指摘ありがとうございました ) .
#include < stdio.h > # include < GL/glut.h > # define MAXPOINTS
100 /* 記憶する点の数 */ GLint point [ MAXPOINTS ] [ 2 ] ; /* 座標を記憶する配列 */ int pointnum = 0 ; /* 記憶した座標の数 */ int rubberband = 0 ; /* ラバーバンドの消去 */ void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { switch ( button ) { case GLUT_LEFT_BUTTON : /* ボタンを操作した位置を記録する */ point [ pointnum ] [ 0 ] = x ; point [ pointnum ] [ 1 ] = y ; if ( state == GLUT_UP ) { /* ボタンを押した位置から離した位置まで線を引く */ glColor3d( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; glVertex2iv( point [ pointnum - 1 ] ) ; /* 一つ前は押した位置 */ glVertex2iv( point [ pointnum ] ) ; /* 今の位置は離した位置 */ glEnd( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; /* 始点ではラバーバンドを描いていないので消さない */ rubberband = 0 ; } else { } if ( pointnum < MAXPOINTS ) ++ pointnum ; break ; case GLUT_MIDDLE_BUTTON : break ; case GLUT_RIGHT_BUTTON : break ; default : break ; } } void motion ( int x , int y ) { static GLint savepoint [ 2 ] ; /* 以前のラバーバンドの端点 */ /* 論理演算機能 ON */ glEnable ( GL_COLOR_LOGIC_OP ) ; glLogicOp ( GL_INVERT ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; if ( rubberband ) {
/* 以前のラバーバンドを消す */ glVertex2iv( point [ pointnum - 1 ] ) ; glVertex2iv( savepoint ) ; } /* 新しいラバーバンドを描く */ glVertex2iv( point [ pointnum - 1 ] ) ; glVertex 2i( x , y ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; /* 論理演算機能 OFF */ glLogicOp( GL_COPY ) ; glDisable ( GL_COLOR_LOGIC_OP ) ; /* 今描いたラバーバンドの端点を保存 */ savepoint [ 0 ] = x ; savepoint [ 1 ] = y ; /* 今描いたラバーバンドは次のタイミングで消す */ rubberband = 1 ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInitWindowPosition ( 100 , 100 ) ; glutInitWindowSize ( 320 , 240 ) ; glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; glutMouseFunc( mouse ) ; glutMotionFunc( motion ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
glEnable ( GLenum cap ) 引数 cap に指定した機能を使用可能にします .
GL_LOGIC_OP もしくは GL_COLOR_LOGIC_OP
は , 図形の描画の際にウィンドウに既に描かれている内容と , これから描こうとする内容の間で論理演算を行うことができるようにします. glDisable ( GLenum cap ) 引数 cap に指定した機能を使用不可にします.
glLogicOp( GLenum opcode ) 引数 opcode にはウィンドウに描かれている内容と , これから描こうとする内容との間で行う論理演算のタイプを指定します .
GL_COPY はこれから描こうとする内容をそのままウィンドウ内に描きます .
GL_INVERT はウィンドウに描かれている内容の , これから描こうとする図形の領域を反転します. 詳しくは man glLogicOp を参照してください .
glutMotionFunc( void ( * func ) ( int x , int y ) ) 引数 func には , マウスのいずれかのボタンを押しながらマウスを動かしたときに 実行する関数のポインタを与えます .
この関数の引数 x と y には , 現在のマウスの位置が渡されます .
この設定を解除するには , 引数に 0 ( ヌルポインタ ) を指定します ( stdio.h 等の中で定義されている記号定数 NULL を使用しても良い ) .
ラバーバンドを実現する場合 , マウスを動かしたときに直前に描いたラバーバンドを消す必要があります.
また , ラバーバンドを描いたことによって ウィンドウに既に描かれていた内容が壊されてしまうので , その部分をもう一度描き直す必要があります . しかし , そのために画面全体を書き換えるのは , ちょっともったいない気がします .
そこでラバーバンドを描く際には , 線を背景とは異なる色で描く代わりに , 描こうとする線上の画素の色を反転するようにします.
こうすればもう一度同じ線上の画素の色を反転することで , そこに描かれていた以前の線が消えてウィンドウに描かれた図形が元に戻ります. このために glLogicOp ( ) を使用します. glLogicOp ( ) で指定した論理演算は , glEnable ( GL_LOGIC_OP ) ＜白黒の場合＞あるいは glEnable ( GL_COLOR_LOGIC_OP
) ＜カラーの場合＞で有効になります ( 陳 先生 ご指摘ありがとうございました ) .
ただし , マウスのボタンを押した直後はまだラバーバンドは描かれていませんから , そのときだけラバーバンドの消去は行わないようにしなければなりません.
このため rubberband なんていう変数を使ったちょっと泥臭いプログラムになっていますが , 我慢してください ( もっとエレガントな方法もありますけど ) .
glutMotionFunc( ) , glutPassiveMotionFunc( ) で指定した関数は , マウスの移動にともなって頻繁に実行されるので , この関数の中で時間のかかる処理を行うと , マウスの応答が悪くなってしまいます .
これを避ける方法は９節以降で解説します.
OpenGL のアプリケーションプログラムが開いたウィンドウには , ターミナルウィンドウのようにキーボード入力を行うことができません.
そのかわりマウスのボタン同様 , キーをタイプするごとに実行する関数を指定できます. それには glutKeyboardFunc ( ) を使います .
これまで作ったプログラムは , プログラムを終了する方法を組み込んでいませんでした. そこで q のキーや ESC キーをタイプしたときに exit ( ) を呼び出して , プログラムが終了するようにします. また exit ( ) を使うために stdlib.h も include します.
prog1.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < GL/glut.h > # define MAXPOINTS
100 /* 記憶する点の数 */ GLint point [ MAXPOINTS ] [ 2 ] ; /* 座標を記憶する配列 */ int pointnum = 0 ; /* 記憶した座標の数 */ int rubberband = 0 ; /* ラバーバンドの消去 */ void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void motion ( int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { switch ( key ) { case ' q ' : case ' Q ' : case ' \033 ' : /* ' \ 033 ' は ESC の ASCII コード */ exit ( 0 ) ; default : break ; } } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInitWindowPosition ( 100 , 100 ) ; glutInitWindowSize ( 320 , 240 ) ; glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; glutMouseFunc( mouse ) ; glutMotionFunc( motion ) ; glutKeyboardFunc( keyboard ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
glutKeyboard Func(void ( * func ) ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) ) 引数 func には , キーがタイプされたときに実行する関数のポインタを与えます.
この関数の引数 key にはタイプされたキーの ASCII コードが渡されます .
また x と y にはキーがタイプされたときのマウスの位置が渡されます .
ファンクションキーのような文字キー以外のタイプを検出するときは glutSpecialFunc( ) , Shift や Ctrl のようなモディファイア ( 修飾 ) キーを検出するには glutGetModifiers ( ) を使います .
使い方はいずれも man コマンドで調べてください .
これまでは二次元の図形の表示を行ってきましたが , OpenGL の内部では実際には三次元の処理を行っています .
すなわち画面表示に対して垂直に
Z 軸が伸びており , これまではその三次元空間の xy 平面への平行投影像を表示していました .
試しに５．４節で作成したプログラム ( prog2.c ) において , 図形を y 軸中心に 25 度回転してみましょう .
#include < GL/glut.h > void display ( void ) { glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glRotated ( 25.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_POLYGON ) ; glColor3d ( 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 赤 */ glVertex2d( -0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glColor3d ( 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 緑 */ glVertex2d( 0.9 , - 0.9 ) ; glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 ) ; /* 青 */ glVertex2d( 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glColor3d ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 黄 */ glVertex2d( - 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void init ( void ) { glClearColor ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
コンパイルしたプログラムを実行して , 描かれる図形を見てください .
Y 軸中心に回転しているため , 以前に比べて少し縦長になっていると思います .
このウィンドウを最小化したり他のウィンドウを重ねたりして , 再描画をさせてみましょう. 再描画する度に図形の形が変わると思います. これは変換行列に glRotated ( ) による回転の行列が積算されるからです.
これを防ぐには描画の度に変換マトリクスを glLoadIdentity ( ) で初期化するか , 後で述べる glPushMatrix ( ) / glPopMatrix ( ) を使って変換行列を保存します .
それでは , こんどは以下のような三次元の立方体を線画で描いてみましょう. glut には glutWireCube ( ) など , いくつか基本的な立体を描く関数があるのですが , ここでは自分で形状を定義してみたいと思います .
この図形は 8 個の点を 12 本の線分で結びます .
点の位置 ( 幾何情報 ) と線分 ( 位相情報 ) を別々にデータにします .
GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { { 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , /* A */ { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , /* B */ { 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , /* C */ { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , /* D */ { 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , /* E */ { 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , /* F */ { 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 } , /* G */ { 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 } /* H */ } ; int edge [ ] [ 2 ] = { { 0 , 1 } , /* ア ( A - B ) */ { 1 , 2 } , /* イ ( B - C ) */ { 2 , 3 } , /* ウ ( C - D ) */ { 3 , 0 } , /* エ ( D - A ) */ { 4 , 5 } , /* オ ( E - F ) */ { 5 , 6 } , /* カ ( F - G ) */ { 6 , 7 } , /* キ ( G - H ) */ { 7 , 4 } , /* ク ( H - E ) */ { 0 , 4 } , /* ケ ( A - E ) */ { 1 , 5 } , /* コ ( B - F ) */ { 2 , 6 } , /* サ ( C - G ) */ { 3 , 7 } /* シ ( D - H ) */ } ;
この場合 , 例えば " 点 C " ( 1,1,0 ) と " 点 D " ( 0,1,0 ) を結ぶ線分 " ウ " は , 以下のようにして描画できます. glVertex3dv( ) は , 引数に三つの要素を持つ GLdouble 型 ( double と等価 ) の配列のポインタを与えて , 頂点を指定します .
glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; glVertex3dv( vertex[edge [ 2 ] [ 0 ] ] ) ; /* 線分 " ウ " の一つ目の端点 " C " */ glVertex3dv( vertex[edge [ 2 ] [ 1 ] ] ) ; /* 線分 " ウ " の二つ目の端 点 " D " */ glEnd ( ) ;
従って立方体全部を描くプログラムは以下のようになります. なお , 立方体がウィンドウからはみ出ないように , glOrtho ( ) で表示する座標系を ( - 2 , - 2 ) 〜( 2,2 ) にしています .
prog2.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { { 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , { 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , { 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 } , { 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 } } ; int edge [ ] [ 2 ] = { { 0 , 1 } , { 1 , 2 } , { 2 , 3 } , { 3 , 0 } , { 4 , 5 } , { 5 , 6 } , { 6 , 7 } , { 7 , 4 } , { 0 , 4 } , { 1 , 5 } , { 2 , 6 } , { 3 , 7 } } ; void display ( void ) { int i ; glClear ( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 12 ; ++i ) { glVertex3 dv( vertex[edge [ i ] [ 0 ] ] ) ; glVertex3 dv( vertex[edge [ i ] [ 1 ] ] ) ; } glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; glOrtho( - 2.0 , 2.0 , - 2.0 , 2.0 , - 2.0 , 2.0 ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
glVertex3dv( const GLdouble * v ) glVertex3dv ( ) は三次元の座標値を指定するのに使います.
引数 v は 3 個の要素を持つ GLdouble 型 ( double と等価 ) 配列を指定します . v [ 0 ] には x 座標値 , v [ 1 ] には y 座標値 , v [ 2 ] には z 座標値を格納します .
前のプログラムでは , 立方体が画面に平行投影されるため , 正方形しか描かないと思います .
そこで現実のカメラのように透視投影をしてみます. これには glOrtho( ) の代わりに gluPerspective ( ) を使います .
gluPerspective ( ) は座標軸の代わりに , カメラの画角やスクリーンのアスペクト比 ( 縦横比 ) を用いて表示領域を指定します. また glOrtho( ) 同様 , 前方面や後方面の位置の指定も行います .
視点の位置の初期値は原点なので , このままでは立方体が視点に重なってしまいます. そこで glTranslated ( ) を使って立方体の位置を少し奥にずらしておきます.
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int edge [ ] [ 2 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) { glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; gluPerspective ( 30.0 , ( double ) w / ( double ) h , 1.0 , 100.0 ) ; glTranslated ( 0.0 , 0.0 , - 5.0 ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
gluPerspective ( GLdouble fovy , GLdouble aspect , GLdouble zNear , GLdouble z Far ) 変換行列に透視変換の行列を乗じます .
最初の引数 fovy はカメラの画角であり , 度で表します .
これが大きいほどワイドレンズ ( 透視が強くなり , 絵が小さくなります ) になり , 小さいほど望遠レンズになります .
二つ目の引数 aspect は画面のアスペクト比 ( 縦横比 ) であり , 1 であればビューポートに表示される図形の x 方向と y 方向のスケールが等しくなります .
三つ目の引数 zNear と四つ目の引 数
zFar は表示を行う奥行き方向の範囲で , zNear は手前 ( 前方面 ) , zFar は後方 ( 後方面 ) の位置を示します .
この間にある図形が描画されます. glTranslated ( GLdouble x , GLdouble y , GLdouble z ) 変換行列に平行移動の行列を乗じます .
引数はいずれも GLdouble 型 ( double と等価 ) で , 三つの引数 x , y , z には現在の位置からの相対的な移動量を指定します. 引数が float 型なら glTranslatef ( ) を使います .
ウィンドウをリサイズしたときに表示図形がゆがまないようにするためには , gluPerspective ( ) で設定するアスペクト比 aspect を , glViewport ( ) で指定したビューポートの縦横比 ( w/h ) と一致させます .
上のプログラムのように , リサイズ後のウィンドウのサイズをそのままビューポートに設定している場合 , 仮に aspect が定数であれば , ウィンドウのリサイズに伴って表示図形が伸縮するようになります.
したがって , ウィンドウをリサイズしても表示図形の縦横比が変わらないようにするために , ここでは aspect をビューポートの縦横比に設定しています .
前のプログラムのように , 視点の位置を移動するには , 図形の方を glTranslated ( ) や glRotated ( ) を用いて逆方向に移動することで実現できます. しかし , 視点を任意の位置に指定したいときには gluLookAt ( ) を使うと便利です .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int edge [ ] [ 2 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; void display ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void resize ( int w , int h ) { glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; gluPerspective ( 30.0 , ( double ) w / ( double ) h , 1.0 , 100.0 ) ; gluLook At ( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
void gluLookAt ( GLdouble ex , GLdouble ey , GLdouble ez , GLdouble cx , GLdouble cy , GLdouble cz , GLdouble ux , GLdouble uy , GLdouble uz ) この最初の三つの引数 ex , ey , ez は視点の位置 , 次の三つの引数 cx , cy , cz は目標の位置 , 最後の三つの引 数 ux , uy , uz は , ウィンドウに表示される画像の 「 上」 の方向を示すベクトルです .
この例では ( 3,4,5 ) の位置から原点 ( 0,0,0 ) を眺めますから , 立方体の A ( 0,0,0 ) の頂点がウィンドウの中心に来ると思います .
なお , gluPerspective ( ) , gluLookAt ( ) 等 , glu * ( ) で始まる関数は GL Utility ライブラリ ( - lGLU ) の関数です .
ここまでできたら , 今度はこの立方体を回してみましょう .
それにはちょっと工夫が必要です .
アニメーションを行うには , 頻繁に画面の書き換えを行う必要があります. しかし glutMailLoop ( ) は無限ループであり , glutDisplayFunc ( ) で指定された関数は , ウィンドウを再描画するイベントが発生したときにしか呼び出されません.
したがってアニメーションを実現するには , このウィンドウの再描画イベントを連続的に発生させる必要があります.
プログラム中でウィンドウの再描画イベントを発生させるには , glutPostRedisplay ( ) 関数を用います .
これをプログラムが「暇なとき」に繰り返し呼び出すことで , アニメーションが実現できます. プログラムが暇になったときに実行する関数は , glutIdleFunc ( ) で指定します .
一つ注意しなければいけないことがあります .
繰り返し描画を行うには , 描画の度に座標変換の行列を設定する必要があります.
ところで座標変換のプロセスは ,
図形の空間中での位置を決める 「 モデリング変換 」 その空間を視点から見た空間に直す「 ビューイング ( 視野 ) 変換 」 その空間をコンピュータ内の空間にあるスクリーンに投影する「 透視変換 」 スクリーン上の図形をディスプレイ上の表示領域に切り出す「 ビューポート変換」
という四つのステップで行われます .
今行おうとしている図形を回すという変換は , 「 モデリング変換」に相当します .
これまではこれらを区別 せずに取り扱ってきました .
すなわち , これらの投影を行う行列式を掛け合わせることで , 単一の行列式として取り扱ってきたのです .
しかし図形だけを動かす場合は , モデリング変換の行列だけを変更すればいいことになります.
また , 後で述べる陰影付けは , 透視変換を行う前の座標系で計算する必要があります.
そこで OpenGL では , 「 モデリング変換−ビューイング変換」の変換行列 ( モデルビュー変換行列 ) と , 「 透視変換」の変換行列を独立して取り扱う手段が提供されています.
モデルビュー変換行列を設定する場合は glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) , 透視変換行列を設定する場合は glMatrixMode ( GL_PROJECTION ) を実行します .
カメラの画角などのパラメータを変更しなければ , 透視変換行列を設定しなければならないのはウィンドウを開いたときだけなので , これは resize ( ) で設定すればよいでしょう .
あとは全てモデリング−ビューイング変換行列に対する操作なので , 直後に glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) を実行します .
カメラ ( 視点 ) の位置を動かすアニメーションを行う場合は , 描画のたびに gluLookAt ( ) によるカメラの位置や方向の設定 ( ビューイング変換行列の設定 ) を行う必要があります .
同様に物体が移動したり回転したりするアニメーションを行う場合も , 描画のたびに物体の位置や回転角の設定 ( モデリング変換行列の設定 ) を 行う必要があります .
したがって , これらは display ( ) の中で設定します .
マウスの左ボタンをクリックしている間 , 立方体が回転するようにします .
ついでに右ボタンをクリックすると立方体が
1 ステップだけ回転し ( 関谷 先生 ご指摘ありがとうございました ) , 'q ' , ' Q ' , または ESC キーでプログラムが終了するようにします .
prog2.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < stdlib.h > # include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int edge [ ] [ 2 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; void idle ( void ) { glutPostRedisplay ( ) ; } void display ( void ) { int i ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 12 ; ++i ) { glVertex3 dv( vertex[edge [ i ] [ 0 ] ] ) ; glVertex3dv( vertex[edge [ i ] [ 1 ] ] ) ; } glEnd ( ) ; glFlush ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; /* 透視変換行列の設定 */ glMatrixMode ( GL_PROJECTION ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; gluPerspective ( 30.0 , ( double ) w / ( double ) h , 1.0 , 100.0 ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の設定 */ glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) ; } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { switch ( button ) { case GLUT_LEFT_BUTTON : if ( state == GLUT_DOWN ) { /* アニメーション開始 */ glutIdleFunc( idle ) ; } else { /* アニメーション停止 */ glutIdleFunc(0 ) ; } break ; case GLUT_RIGHT_BUTTON : if ( state == GLUT_DOWN ) { /* コマ送り ( 1ステップだけ進める ) */ glutPostRedisplay ( ) ; } break ; default : break ; } } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { switch ( key ) { case ' q ' : case ' Q ' : case ' \033 ' : /* ' \ 033 ' は ESC の ASCII コード */ exit ( 0 ) ; default : break ; } } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; glutMouseFunc( mouse ) ; glutKeyboardFunc( keyboard ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
void glutPostRedisplay ( void ) 再描画イベントを発生させます .
このイベントの発生が発生すると , glutDisplayFunc ( ) で指定されている描画関数が実行されます. なお , 再描画が開始されるまでの間にこのイベントが複数回発生しても , この描画関数は一度だけ実行されます. void glutIdleFunc( void ( * func ) ( void ) ) 引数 func には , このプログラムが暇な ( 何もすることがない ) ときに実行する関数のポインタを指定します.
引数の関数はプログラムが「暇になる」たびに繰り返し実行されます.
この関数を指定すると , プログラムが止まっているように見えてもコンピュータの負荷は増大します. したがって glutIdleFunc ( ) による関数の指定は必要になった時点で行い , 不要になれば glutIdleFunc ( ) の引数に 0 または NULL を指定して関数の指定を解除してやる必要があります. void glMatrixMode ( GLenum mode ) 設定する変換行列を指定します .
引数 mode が GL_MODELVIEW
ならモデルビュー変換行列 , GL_PROJECTION
なら透視変換行列を指定します .
前のプログラムでは毎回画面を全部描き換えているため , 表示がちらついてしまいます . これを防ぐためには , ダブルバッファリングという方法を用います.
これは画面を二つに分け , 一方を表示している間に ( 見えないところで ) もう一方に図形を描き , それが完了したらこの二つの画面を入れ換える方法です .
GLUT でダブルバッファリングを使うには , glutInitDisplayMode ( ) に GLUT_DOUBLE の指定を追加します. また , 図形の描画後に実行している glFlush ( ) を glutSwapBuffers ( ) に置き換えて , ここで二つの画面の入れ換えを行います .
それでは , prog2.c でダブルバッファリングを行うようにしてみましょう.
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int edge [ ] [ 2 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_LINES ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 12 ; ++i ) { glVertex3 dv( vertex[edge [ i ] [ 0 ] ] ) ; glVertex3dv( vertex[edge [ i ] [ 1 ] ] ) ; } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA | GLUT_DOUBLE ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc(display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; glutMouseFunc( mouse ) ; glutKeyboard Func( keyboard ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
int glutSwapBuffers ( void ) ダブルバッファリングの二つのバッファを交換します. glFlush ( ) は自動的に実行されます .
このプログラムでこれを使うとずいぶん遅くなるように見えますが , これはディスプレイのバッファの交換の時のちらつきを防ぐために , ディスプレイの表示タイミング ( 帰線消去期間 ) を待っているためです .
ディスプレイのリフレッシュレートが 60 Hz であれば , バッファの交換は 1/60 秒ごとに行われます .
このプログラムは一周で 360 回再表示を行いますから , この場合一周するのに最短でも 6 秒かかることになります .
それでは , 次に立方体の面を塗りつぶしてみましょう.
面のデータは , 稜線とは別に以下のように用意します .
int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { { 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 } , /* A - B - C - D を結ぶ面 */ { 1 , 5 , 6 , 2 } , /* B-F - G - C を結ぶ面 */ { 5 , 4 , 7 , 6 } , /* F-E - H - G を結ぶ面 */ { 4 , 0 , 3 , 7 } , /* E - A - D - H を結ぶ面 */ { 4 , 5 , 1 , 0 } , /* E-F - B - A を結ぶ面 */ { 3 , 2 , 6 , 7 } /* D-C - G- H を結ぶ面 */ } ;
このデータを使って , 線を引く代わりに 6 枚の四角形を描きます .
prog2.c を以下のように変更してください .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { { 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 } , { 1 , 5 , 6 , 2 } , { 5 , 4 , 7 , 6 } , { 4 , 0 , 3 , 7 } , { 4 , 5 , 1 , 0 } , { 3 , 2 , 6 , 7 } } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glColor3d ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
でもこれだと真っ黒で何もわからないので , 面ごとに色を変えてみましょう. 色のデータは以下のように作ってみます.
GLdouble color [ ] [ 3 ] = { { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , /* 赤 */ { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , /* 緑 */ { 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , /* 青 */ { 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , /* 黄 */ { 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , /* マゼンタ */ { 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 } /* シアン */ } ;
一つの面を描く度に , この色を設定してやります .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble color [ ] [ 3 ] = { { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , { 1.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } , { 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , { 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 } } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glColor3dv( color[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
void glColor3dv( const GLdouble * v ) glColor3dv( ) は glColor3d ( ) と同様にこれから描画するものの色を指定します.
引数 v は三つの要素を持った GLdouble 型 ( double と等価 ) の配列で , v[ 0 ] には赤 ( R ) , v [ 1 ] には緑 ( G ) , v [ 2 ] には青 ( B ) の強さを , 0〜1 の範囲で指定します .
でもこれだとなんか変な表示になるかもしれません.
前のプログラムではデータの順番で面を描いていますから , 先に描いたものが後に描いたもので塗りつぶされてしまいます.
ちゃんとした立体を描くには隠面消去処理を行う必要があります.
隠面消去処理を行なうには glutInitDisplayMode ( ) で GLUT_DEPTH を指定しておき , glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) を実行します .
こうすると , 描画のときにデプスバッファを使うようになります.
このため , 画面 ( フレームバッファ , カラーバッファ ) を消去するときにデプスバッファも一緒に消去しておきます. それには glClear ( ) の引数に GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT
を追加します .
デプスバッファを使うと , 使わないときより処理速度が低下します. そこで , 必要なときだけデプスバッファを使うようにします.
デプスバッファを使う処理の前で glEnable( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) を実行し , 使い終わった ら glDisable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) を実行します .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble color [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT | GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glColor3dv( color[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init( void ) { glClearColor ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { glutInit ( &argc , argv ) ; glutInitDisplayMode ( GLUT_RGBA | GLUT_DOUBLE | GLUT_DEPTH ) ; glutCreateWindow ( argv[ 0 ] ) ; glutDisplayFunc( display ) ; glutReshapeFunc( resize ) ; glutMouseFunc( mouse ) ; glutKeyboardFunc( keyboard ) ; init ( ) ; glutMainLoop ( ) ; return 0 ; }
上のプログラムでは常にデプスバッファを使うので , init ( ) の中で glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) を一度だけ実行し , glDisable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) の実行を省略しています .
立方体のように閉じた立体の場合 , 裏側にある面 , すなわち視点に対して背を向けている面は見ることはできません.
そういう面をあらかじめ取り除いておくことで , 隠面消去処理の効率を上げることができます.
視点に対して背を向けている面を表示しないようにするには glCullFace ( GL_BACK ) , 表を向いている面を表示しないようにするには glCullFace ( GL_FRONT ) , 両方とも表示しないようにするには glCullFace( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK ) を実行します .
ただし , この状態でも点や線などは描画されます .
また , glCullFace ( ) を有効にするに は glEnable ( GL_CULL_FACE ) , 無効にするには glDisable ( GL_CULL_FACE ) を実行します .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble color [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT | GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glColor3dv( color[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init( void ) { glClearColor ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) ; glEnable ( GL_CULL_FACE ) ; glCullFace ( GL_BACK ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
このプログラムも , 多分妙な表示になります .
裏側の面を表示しないはずなのに , 実際は表側の面が削除されています. 実は , 面の表裏は頂点をたどる順番で決定しています. 配列 face [ ] ではこれを右回り ( 時計回り ) で結んでいます .
ところが OpenGL では , 標準では視点から見て頂点が左回りになっているとき , その面を表として扱います. 試しに glCullFace ( GL_FRONT ) としてみてください . あるいは , face [ ]
において頂点を右回りにたどるようにしてみてください.
なお , 頂点が右回りになっているときを表として扱いたいときは , glFrontFace ( GL_CW ) を実行します . 左回りに戻すには glFrontFace ( GL_CCW ) を実行します .
一般にカリングはクリッピングや隠面消去処理の効率を上げるために , 視野外にある図形など見えないことが分かっているものを事前に取り除いておいて , 隠面消去処理 ( 可視判定 ) の対象から外しておくことを言います .
これには様々な方法が存在しますが , glCullFace ( ) による方法 ( 背面ポリゴンの除去 ) は , そのもっとも基本的なものです .
次は面ごとに色を付けるかわりに , 光を当ててみましょう .
陰影付け ( 光源の処理 ) の計算を行うためには , 面ごとの色の代わりに法線ベクトルを与えます. glColor3dv( ) の かわりに glNormal3dv ( ) を使います .
GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { { 0.0 , 0.0 , - 1.0 } , { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , {- 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , - 1.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } } ;
光を当てるためには , もちろん光源も設定する必要があります .
OpenGL には , 最初からいくつかの光源が用意されています .
いくつの光源が用意されているかはシステムによって異なります.
０ 番目の光源 ( GL_LIGHT0 - 必ず用意されている ) を有効にする ( 点灯する ) には glEnable ( GL_LIGHT0 ) , 無効にする ( 消灯する ) には glDisable ( GL_LIGHT0 ) を実行します .
陰影付けを行うと , 陰影付けを行わないより処理速度は低下します. 陰影付けを有効にするには glEnable ( GL_LIGHTING ) , 無効にするには glDisable ( GL_LIGHTING ) を実行します .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { { 0.0 , 0.0 , - 1.0 } , { 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } , {- 1.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , - 1.0 , 0.0 } , { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 } } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT | GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glNormal3dv( normal[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init( void ) { glClearColor ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) ; glEnable ( GL_CULL_FACE ) ; glCullFace ( GL_FRONT ) ; glEnable ( GL_LIGHTING ) ; glEnable ( GL_LIGHT0 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
なお , 陰影付けが有効になっているときは , glColor3d ( ) などによる色指定は無視されます. glColor3d ( ) などで色を付けたいときは , 一旦 glDisable ( GL_LIGHTING )
を実行して陰影付けを行わないようにする必要があります.
一方 , 上のプログラムのように常に陰影付けを行う場合や , 光源を点灯したままにしておく場合は , glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) 同様 glEnalbe ( GL_LIGHTING ) や glEnable ( GL_LIGHTn ) を init ( ) の中で一度実行するだけで十分です. また , このとき は glDisable ( GL_LIGHTING ) や glDisable ( GL_LIGHTn ) を実行する必要はありません .
それでは光源を二つにして , それぞれの位置と色を変えてみましょう. 最初の光源 ( GL_LIGHT0 ) の位置を Z 軸方向の斜め上 ( 0 , 3 , 5 ) に , 二つ目の光源 ( GL_LIGHT1 ) を x 軸方向の斜め上 ( 5 , 3 , 0 ) に置き , 二つ目の光源の色を緑 ( 0 , 1 , 0 ) にします .
これらのデータはいずれも四つの要素を持つ
GLfloat 型の配列に格納します .
四つ目の要素は 1 にしておいてください .
GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ;
これらを glLightfv( ) を使ってそれぞれの光源に設定します. prog2.c を以下のように変更してください.
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT | GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 光源の位置設定 */ glLightfv( GL_LIGHT0 , GL_POSITION , light0pos ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_POSITION , light1 pos ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glNormal3dv( normal[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsign ed char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init( void ) { glClearColor ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) ; glEnable ( GL_CULL_FACE ) ; glCullFace ( GL_FRONT ) ; glEnable ( GL_LIGHTING ) ; glEnable ( GL_LIGHT0 ) ; glEnable ( GL_LIGHT1 ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_DIFFUSE , green ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_SPECULAR , green ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
void glLightfv( GLenum light , GLenum pname , const GLfloat * params ) 光源のパラメータを設定します .
最初の引数 light には設定する光源の番号 ( GL_LIGHT0 〜GL_LIGHTn , n はシステムによって異なります ) です. 二つ目の引数 pname は設定するパラメータの種類です .
ここに GL_POSITION を指定すると光源の位置を設定します. また GL_DIFFUSE を指定すると光源の拡散反射光強度 ( 色 ) を設定します .
最後の引数 params は , pname に指定したパラメータの種類に設定する値です .
pname が GL_POSITION あるいは GL_DIFFUSE のときは , params は四つの要素を持つ GLfloat 型の配列で , それぞれ光源の位置および拡散反射光強度を指定します.
光源が ( x , y , z ) の位置にあるとき , params の各要素には ( x / w , y/w , z/w , w ) を設定します .
通常 w = 1 として点光源の位置を設定しますが , w = 0 であれば ( x , y , z ) 方向の平行光線の設定になります .
また光源の拡散反射光強度が ( R , G , B ) なら params の各要素には ( R , G , B , 1 ) を設定します .
なお , この初期値は ( 1 1 1 1 ) ですが , RGB には 1 を越えた値を設定できます .
陰影付けの計算はワールド座標系で行われるので , glLightfv( ) による光源の位置 ( GL_POSITION ) の設定は , 視点の位置を設定した後に行う必要があります. また , 上のプログラムの glRotate3d ( ) より後でこれを設定すると , 光源もいっしょに回転してしまいます .
座標変換のプロセスは " モデリング変換→ビューイング変換→透視変換→ " という順に行われると書きましたが , プログラムのコーディング上は , これらの設定が 逆順になる ことに注意してください． glLoadIdentity ( ) でモデルビュー変換行列を初期化 gluLookAt ( ) 等でビューイング変換を設定 glTranslated ( ) や glRotated ( ) 等でモデリング変換を設定 glBegin ( ) 〜glEnd ( ) 等による描 画
ことに注意してください． 1- 2 の間で光源の位置を設定した場合は , 光源は視点と一緒に移動します. このとき , 光源の方向を ( 0 , 0 , - 1 , 0 ) , すなわち Z 軸の負の方向に設定すれば , 自動車のヘッドライトのような効果を得ることができます．
2-3 の間で光源の位置を設定した場合は , 光源の位置は視点や図形の位置によらず固定になります.
通常はここで光源の位置を設定します.
3 - 4 の間で光源の位置を設定した場合は , 光源の位置は図形と一緒に移動します.
glLightfv( ) による光源の色の設定 ( GL_DIFFUSE 等) は , 必ずしも display ( ) 内に置く必要はありません .
プログラムの実行中に光源の色を変更しないなら , glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) や glEnable ( GL_LIGHTING ) 同様 init ( ) の中で一度実行すれば十分です .
glLightf *( ) で設定可能なパラメータは , GL_POSITION や GL_DIFFUSE 以外にもたくさんあります .
光源を方向を持ったスポットライトとし , その方向や広がり , 減衰率なども設定することもできます. 詳しくは man glLightf を参照してください .
前の例では図形に色を付けていませんでしたから , 立方体はデフォルトの色 ( 白 ) で表示されたと思います .
今度はこの色を変えてみましょう .
この場合も光源の時と同様に四つの要素を持つ
GLfloat 型の配列を用意し , 個々の要素に色を R , G , B それに A の順に格納します .
四つ目の要素 ( A ) は , ここではとりあえず 1 にしておいてください .
GLfloat red [ ] = { 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.2 , 1.0 } ;
glColor * ( ) で色を付けるときと同様 , 図形を描く前に glMaterialfv ( ) を使ってこの色を図形の色に指定します. prog2.c を以下のように変更してください.
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat red [ ] = { 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.2 , 1.0 } ; void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { int i ; int j ; static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT | GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; /* 視点位置と視線方向 */ gluLookAt( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 光源の位置設定 */ glLightfv( GL_LIGHT0 , GL_POSITION , light0pos ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_POSITION , light1 pos ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の色 ( 赤 ) */ glMaterialfv( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK , GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE , red ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glNormal3dv( normal[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
void glMaterialfv( GLenum face , GLenum pname , const GLfloat * params ) glMaterialfv ( ) は図形の材質パラメータを設定します.
引数 face には GL_FRONT , GL_BACK および GL_FRONT_AND_BACK
が指定でき , それぞれ面の表 , 裏 , あるいは両面に材質パラメータを設定します.
設定できる材質 pname には GL_AMBIENT ( 環境光に対する反射係数 ) , GL_DIFFUSE ( 拡散反射係数 ) , GL_SPECULAR ( 鏡面反射係数 ) , GL_EMISSION ( 発光係数 ) , GL_SHININESS ( ハイライトの輝き ) , あるいは GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE
( 拡散反射係数と鏡面反射係数の両方 ) があります .
他にインデックスカラーモード ( GLUT_INDEX ) であれば GL_COLOR_INDEXES
も使用できますが , この資料では使用していません .
引数 params は一つまたは四つの要素を持つ GLfloat 型 ( float と等価 ) の配列で , 四つの要素を持つ場 合 ( GL_SHININESS , GL_COLOR_INDEXES 以外 ) は , 色の成分 RGB および A に対する係数を指定します .
この初期値は ( 0.8 , 0.8 , 0.8 , 1 ) ですが , 1 を越える値も設定できます .
図形に色を付けるということは , 図形の物理的な材質パラメータを設定することに他なりません.
GL_DIFFUSE
で設定する拡散反射係数が図形の色に相当します.
GL_AMBIENT は環境光 ( 光源以外からの光 ) に対する反射係数で , 光の当たらない部分の明るさに影響を与えます .
GL_DIFFUSE と GL_AMBIENT
には同じ値を設定することが多いので , これらを同時に設定する GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE
が用意されています .
GL_SPECULAR
は光源に対する鏡面反射係数で , 図形表面の光源の映り込み ( ハイライト ) の強さです .
GL_SHININESS
はこの鏡面反射の細さを示し , 大きいほどハイライトの部分が小さくなります.
この材質パラメータの要素は一つだけなので , glMaterialf ( ) を使って設定することもできます .
GL_DIFFUSE
以外のパラメータを設定することによって , 図形の質感を制御できます . たとえば GL_SPECULAR ( 鏡面反射係数 ) を白 ( 1 1 1 1 ) に設定して GL_SHININESS を大きく ( 10〜40 とか／最大 128 ) すれば つややかなプラスチックのようになりますし , GL_SPECULAR ( 鏡面反射係数 ) を GL_DIFFUSE と同じにして GL_AMBIENT を 0 に近づければ金属的な質感になります. ただし GL_SPECULAR や GL_AMBIENT を操作するときは , glLightfv ( ) で光源のこれらのパラメータも設定してやる必要があります.
次に図形の階層構造を表現してみます. これまでのプログラムで実際に立方体を描いている部分を , 独立した関数 cube ( ) として抜き出します .
また , このプログラムでは視点の位置や画角などは変更しないので , これをウィンドウを開いたりサイズが変更されたときに設定するようにします.
こうすると変換行列は glRotated ( ) で変更されたあと元に戻されないため , このままでは次に描画するときにはおかしくなってしまいます. そこで , glRoatated ( ) を使う前に , そのときの変換行列の内容を保存しておき , あとでその内容を戻します . 現在の変換行列を保存するには glPushMatrix ( ) , 保存した変換行列を復帰するには glPopMatrix ( ) を使います .
prog2.c を以下のように変更してください.
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat red [ ] = { 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.2 , 1.0 } ; void cube ( void ) { int i ; int j ; glBegin( GL_QUADS ) ; for ( j = 0 ; j < 6 ; ++j ) { glNormal3dv( normal[j ] ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 4 ; ++i ) { glVertex3dv( vertex [ face[j ] [ i ] ] ) ; } } glEnd ( ) ; } void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT
| GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 光源の位置設定 */ glLightfv( GL_LIGHT0 , GL_POSITION , light0pos ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_POSITION , light1 pos ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の保存 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の色 ( 赤 ) */ glMaterialfv( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK , GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE , red ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ cube ( ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の復帰 */ glPopMatrix ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { glViewport ( 0 , 0 , w , h ) ; /* 透視変換行列の設定 */ glMatrixMode ( GL_PROJECTION ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; gluPerspective ( 30.0 , ( double ) w / ( double ) h , 1.0 , 100.0 ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の設定 */ glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; gluLook At ( 3.0 , 4.0 , 5.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
この図形に , もう一つ立方体を追加します. 二つ目の cube ( ) を実行する前に glTranslated ( ) を実行して , 最初の cube ( ) の位置から少しずらします .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat red [ ] = { 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.2 , 1.0 } ; void cube ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT
| GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 光源の位置設定 */ glLightfv( GL_LIGHT0 , GL_POSITION , light0pos ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_POSITION , light1 pos ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の保存 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の色 ( 赤 ) */ glMaterialfv( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK , GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE , red ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ cube ( ) ; /* 二つ目の図形の描画 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; glTranslated ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; cube ( ) ; glPopMatrix ( ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の復帰 */ glPopMatrix ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
このように変換行列に変更を加えている部分を glPushMatrix ( ) と glPopMatrix ( ) の対ではさんで 「 入れ子構造 」にすることによって , 動きの階層構造を表現できます .
なお , この例では二つ目の cube ( ) より後ろでは何も描画しておらず , 最後の glPushMatrix ( ) で最初に実行した glPushMatrix ( ) で保存した内容を復帰しているため , この cube ( ) をはさんでいる glPushMatrix ( ) と glPopMatrix ( ) は無くても結果は変わりません .
ではこの二つ目の cube( ) を , 一つ目の cube ( ) の倍の速度で回転させてみましょう .
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat red [ ] = { 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.2 , 1.0 } ; void cube ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT
| GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 光源の位置設定 */ glLightfv( GL_LIGHT0 , GL_POSITION , light0pos ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_POSITION , light1 pos ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の保存 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の色 ( 赤 ) */ glMaterialfv( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK , GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE , red ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ cube ( ) ; /* 二つ目の図形の描画 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; glTranslated ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; glRotated ( ( double ) ( 2 * r ) , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; cube ( ) ; glPopMatrix ( ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の復帰 */ glPopMatrix ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
この例では , 一つ目の glRotated ( ) による回転が 両方の cube ( ) に影響しているのに対し , 二つ目の glRotated ( ) は二つ目の cube ( ) にしか影響していません .
これによって , 図形の動きの階層構造を表現できます.
では最後に , この二つの立方体の色を変えてみましょう.
#include < GL/glut.h> GLdouble vertex [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; int face [ ] [ 4 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLdouble normal [ ] [ 3 ] = { /* 変更なし */ } ; GLfloat light0pos [ ] = { 0.0 , 3.0 , 5.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat light1 pos [ ] = { 5.0 , 3.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat green [ ] = { 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat red [ ] = { 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.2 , 1.0 } ; GLfloat blue [ ] = { 0.2 , 0.2 , 0.8 , 1.0 } ; void cube ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void idle ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } void display ( void ) { static int r = 0 ; /* 回転角 */ glClear( GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT
| GL_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ) ; /* 光源の位置設定 */ glLightfv( GL_LIGHT0 , GL_POSITION , light0pos ) ; glLightfv( GL_LIGHT1 , GL_POSITION , light1 pos ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の保存 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; /* 図形の回転 */ glRotated ( ( double ) r , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; /* 図形の色 ( 赤 ) */ glMaterialfv( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK , GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE , red ) ; /* 図形の描画 */ cube ( ) ; /* 二つ目の図形の描画 */ glPushMatrix ( ) ; glTranslated ( 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 ) ; glRotated ( ( double ) ( 2 * r ) , 0.0 , 1.0 , 0.0 ) ; glMaterialfv( GL_FRONT_AND_BACK , GL_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE , blue ) ; cube ( ) ; glPopMatrix ( ) ; /* モデルビュー変換行列の復帰 */ glPopMatrix ( ) ; glutSwapBuffers ( ) ; /* 一周回ったら回転角を 0 に戻す */ if ( ++r >= 360 ) r = 0 ; } void resize ( int w , int h ) { /* 変更なし */ } void mouse ( int button , int state , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void keyboard ( unsigned char key , int x , int y ) { /* 変更なし */ } void init ( void ) { /* 変更なし */ } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { /* 変更なし */ }
ここからようやく実験の本題に入ります. 以下のテーマのうち , グループに割り当てられた課題を選んで実験してください.
これまでのようにソースプログラムは明示しませんから , 自分で実装を考えてください .
立体視のメカニズ ム
人間が映像から立体感（奥行き）を知覚する要因には様々なものがありますが , その中のひとつに両眼視差があります. これは１つの対象を見るときでも右目と左目では見る角度が微妙に異なるため , それぞれの目の網膜に映る映像に違いが発生して , そこから奥行きを知覚する現象です.
これをテレビやコンピュータのディスプレイを使って再現するには , 右目と左目に別々の映像を見せる仕組みが必要になります.
これにはヘッドマウンティッドディスプレイ
( HMD ) などのように右目と左目の直前に独立したディスプレイを置く方式や , 液晶シャッタメガネを使う時分割方式 , 偏光メガネ方式 , メガネを必要としない裸眼方式など , いくつかの方式があります．
実 験１で作成したプログラムをもとにして , 両眼視差による立体視 ( ステレオ表示 ) を行うプログラムを作成してください .
使用する実験機器に応じて , 以下のいずれかの方式でプログラムを作成してください.
OpenGL と GLUT を使って，立体視ディスプレイを活用したゲームなど（シューティング，レース，格闘，落ちもの等何でも）何か「動く」プログラムを作成してください．実験１・２のプログラムを拡張したものでも構いません．
