Enlarge By Jennifer S. Altman for USA TODAY CNN Election Center in New York plans on using holographic technology .
NEW YORK 
It 's election night , and CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer is in New York talking to an Obama campaign strategist in Chicago .
But instead of the split screen or window TV viewers might typically see during live remote interviews , the Obama spokesperson will be projected as a three - dimensional hologram , making it appear as if he or she is in the Manhattan studio with Blitzer .
The network plans to conduct similar holographic interviews with representatives from the McCain campaign in Phoenix .
BLOG : Websites roll out special features for the election TELL US :
What value do you think this will offer on Election Night ?
" Everyone is doing something virtual this election year , " says CNN Senior Vice President David Bohrman , the guy who pushed the technology .
But Bohrman believes CNN is going where no network has gone before by employing Hollywood - style effects .
" Virtual elements in a real set look so much better than a real person in a virtual set , " he says .
Election night is like the Summer Olympics and Super Bowl for network news divisions , and each is carting out eye - popping technical toys to draw viewers .
" For the big game , you see all the bells and whistles .
The real challenge this year is new stuff that will travel easily on multiplatforms , " says Andrew Tyndall , publisher of TyndallReport.com , which monitors television network news .
" Not only must this look good on TV , but on portable devices like cellphones . "
Shooting someone who is n't there
There are plenty of reasons for the gimmicks :
This year 's race has been intensely followed , and is expected to draw tens of millions of voters — and viewers — on Nov. 4 .
Significantly more people are expected to watch Tuesday night 's results than in 2004 , when about 64 million viewed election - night results on network and cable TV , according to Nielsen .
USA TODAY got an exclusive peek at the holographic technology , which CNN hopes to unveil prior to the election on The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer .
CNN is still fine - tuning the technology .
" It 's so complicated , " Bohrman says .
" The crew is basically shooting someone that is n't there . "
CNN will have 44 cameras and 20 computers in each remote location to capture 360 - degree imaging data of the person being interviewed .
Images are processed and projected by computers and cameras in New York .
There 'll also be plasma TVs in Chicago and Phoenix that will let the people being interviewed see Blitzer and other CNN correspondents .
Bohrman says the network can project two different views from each city so Blitzer can appear to be in the studio with two holograms .
Bohrman wo n't disclose the cost , but says , " We 're on our budget for election night . "
The movie studios have used similar technology as far back as Star Wars , says Bohrman , who has dreamed about the prospects for a decade .
But until recently , the networks have lacked the computing horsepower .
Borhman flew to Israel the day after the vice presidential debate to enlist the help of two tech companies —
Vizrt , which works on state - of - the - art virtual studios ; and SportVu , a developer of a real - time camera tracking system used in live sporting events .
CNN correspondent John King , who is closely associated with the network 's Magic Wall , which shows detailed election results , says broadcasters have to be careful with new technology .
" Is it really part of telling a story or some sort of eye candy to make people go wow ?
We have to add information and context . "
What others are doing : • Fox News has built three new HD studios for Tuesday night 's broadcast so it can make better use of the additional TV real estate with updated county results , comparative numbers from previous elections and poll - closing times .
A giant wall with touch - screen technology will provide electoral map results .
" We 've been planning for this night for two years , " says Jay Wallace , vice president of news editorial product at Fox News .
• ABC 's digital maps make their debut , letting correspondents look at up - to - the - minute votes by county , and compare votes as far back as 1960 .
Also , a double ticker line at the bottom of TV screens will display current popular and electoral totals for Barack Obama and John McCain .
Beneath that will be results for Senate and gubernatorial races , says ABC News Creative Director Hal Aronow - Theil .
For HD viewers , ABC is providing more information on the left margin of the TV screen .
• NBC spent the past year designing two studios that make the most of visual technology .
One features intricate exit - polling information that digitally appears on a wall .
The other studio lets political director Chuck Todd analyze presidential results by region , state and county .
" We finally figured a way around using pie charts , " jokes Phil Alongi , executive producer of election night for NBC News and its cable channel , MSNBC .
NBC , too , plans to make use of a bigger HD screen size with detailed results from the presidential , congressional and gubernatorial races .
And it has partnered with social - networking giant MySpace on Decision08 , an online section that includes video , news feeds and blogs from NBC News .
• CBS
News will analyze national and state exit - poll data , using state - of - the - art technology to display vote - counting and demographic data .
Touch - screen technology will allow anchor Katie Couric to drill down on state and county results for all races , including propositions .
" It is very fast technology using real - time data , " says Frank Governale , vice president of operations for CBS News .
• Comedy Central , a go - to cable channel for political news for many young people , is teaming with a social - networking site .
The TV home of Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert is using the services of Meebo to host chat rooms for users to share their political views .
Among CNN 's other innovations on election night are a virtual Capitol Building used to illustrate the changing balance of power in Congress .
But the most promising election winner is the hologram .
" Either this is an evolution in the way we do live interviews on television , " Bohrman says , " or it 's a nice try . "
Contributing : David Lieberman in New York .
Baig reported from New York ; Swartz from San Francisco READERS :
Do you think the digital advances used by the networks will offer any value on Election Night ?
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The U.S. is " running out of time " to win the war in Afghanistan , and sending in more troops will not guarantee victory , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm.
Michael Mullen , warned Congress on Wednesday .
Adm. Michael Mullen tells a congressional committee Wednesday that the war in Afghanistan is winnable .
At the same hearing , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the conflict in Iraq has entered the " endgame " but said that the situation there remains fragile and that U.S. decisions in the coming months " will be critical to regional stability and our national security interests in the years to come . "
Mullen 's and Gates ' remarks to the House Armed Services Committee came a day after President Bush announced troop reductions in Iraq and the deployment of 4,500 additional troops in Afghanistan .
Mullen said he is convinced the Afghanistan war can be won but said the U.S. urgently needs to improve its nation - building initiatives and its cross - border strategy with Pakistan .
" We can't kill our way to victory , and no armed force anywhere -- no matter how good -- can deliver these keys alone .
It requires teamwork and cooperation , " Mullen said .
Mullen appeared before the House panel a day before the seventh anniversary of the September 11 attacks , which prompted the U.S. - led invasion of Afghanistan .
Militants have re-established their presence in Afghanistan after U.S. and British troops entered the country in October 2001 and ousted the Taliban government , which was harboring al Qaeda , the terrorist group behind the September 11 attacks .
And Mullen said these militants have grown " bolder . "
Cross - border attacks into Afghanistan by militants in Pakistan 's tribal region are a problem , and the U.S. has deployed Predator drones to attack targets in Pakistan .
Last week , U.S. troops entered Pakistan , a move that prompted condemnation from Islamabad .
Mullen stressed that Afghanistan can't be referenced without " speaking of Pakistan , " where , he said , the militant groups collaborate and communicate better , launch more sophisticated attacks , employ foreign fighters and use civilians as human shields .
" In my view , these two nations are inextricably linked in a common insurgency that crosses the border between them , " he said , adding that he plans " to commission a new , more comprehensive strategy for the region , one that covers both sides of the border .
" I have pressed hard on my counterparts in Pakistan to do more against extremists and to let us do more to help them , " he said .
The conflict is exacerbated , he said , by the " poor and struggling Afghan economy " as well as the drug trade and " significant political uncertainty in Pakistan . "
These factors present a " complex , difficult struggle . "
Mullen said that he has urged the " growth and training " of Afghan forces and that U.S. military officials recommend the deployment of a Marine battalion this fall and another Army unit early next year , which Bush announced Tuesday .
Bush also announced that about 8,000 U.S. troops soon will be coming home from Iraq , and Gates told the committee Wednesday that the " continuing drawdown is possible because of the success in reducing violence and building Iraqi security capacity . "
The U.S. probably will remain in Iraq for years in roles that will change and become more limited over time , he said .
" Even with fewer U.S. troops in Iraq , the positive trends of the last year have held and in some cases steadily continued in the right direction , " Gates said .
" Our casualties have been greatly reduced -- even though one is too many -- and overall violence is down . "
Rep .
Ike Skelton , D - Missouri , the committee 's chairman , asked whether Iraq remains the higher priority .
The defense secretary said he does n't think importance can be conveyed in a " mathematical equation . "
" I would say success in Iraq means we are steadily reducing our commitment -- our level of commitment and resources , particularly manpower -- for that theater , " Gates said .
" At the same time we are able , under those circumstances , to increase our level of commitment and resources to Afghanistan . "
Mullen said both conflicts are high priorities .
As for Afghanistan , the imminent deployments are not enough for now , but they represent " a good start , " Mullen said .
There are more than 30,000 U.S. troops under coalition and NATO commands in Afghanistan .
" Frankly , I judge the risk of not sending them too great a risk to ignore .
My expectation is that they will need to perform both the training mission and combat and combat support missions simultaneously until such time that we can provide additional troops .
I can not at this point say when that might be , " he said .
He said he 's confident that Afghan security forces can be trained and developed .
" In fact , they are on track to reach a total end strength of 162,000 troops by 2010 .
The Marines conducting their training are doing a phenomenal job , " he said .
At the same time , Mullen warned " that no amount of troops in no amount of time can ever achieve all the objectives we seek . "
Until Afghan security forces gain the backing of local leaders to improve security , " we will only be as much as a crutch , and a temporary one at that , " the admiral said .
" We can hunt down and kill extremists as they cross over the border from Pakistan , as I watched us do during a daylong trip to the Korengal Valley in July .
But until we work more closely with the Pakistani government to eliminate the safe havens from which they operate , the enemy will only keep coming , " he said .
Mullen also said roads , schools and courts can be built and repaired , but that work is not enough , either .
Afghanistan needs more experts in commerce , agriculture , jurisprudence and education .
The nation also needs " foreign investment , alternative crops , sound governance and the rule of law . "
Until then , Mullen said , these institutions " will remain but empty shells . "
All About Afghanistan War • Michael G. Mullen • Pakistan • Robert Gates
Want to pick a certain set of key / value pairs from a Ruby hash ?
You might do this :
hash = { : foo => " bar " , : bar => " baz " , : baz => " boo " } hash . select { |k , v| [ : foo , : bar ] . include ?( k ) } # returns [ [ : foo , " bar " ] , [ : bar , " baz " ] ]
Kind of messy .
We can do better by reopening the Hash class this way :
class Hash def pick ( * values ) select { |k , v| values.include ?( k ) } end end
Now our selection works like this :
hash = { : foo => " bar " , : bar => " baz " , : baz => " boo " } hash .
pick ( : foo , : bar ) # returns [ [ : foo , " bar " ] , [ : bar , " baz " ] ]
Ruby is a wonderful language .
This is one small example of how having access to existing classes can be incredibly powerful .
With this power comes great responsibility .
Wield your power wisely .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
It 's always the simple things that get me .
OK , maybe you do n't find that equation as fascinating as I do .
But I also get distracted by shiny objects and Wheel of Fortune .
Seeking to buttress the foreign policy credentials of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , Republicans have repeatedly cited the vice presidential nominee ’s experience as commander of the Alaska National Guard .
As governor , Palin oversees military units whose duties include serving overseas , search - and - rescue missions across the state ’s vast landscape and manning key elements of the U.S. missile defense system at Ft. Greely .
But foreign deployments of Guard units and the operation of national defense assets like the Ft. Greely missile interceptors are not the responsibility of state governors .
Those functions come under the regular U.S. military chain of command .
Commanding the Alaska National Guard is hardly an insignificant job , military officials say .
Still , they acknowledge that it provides little , if any , foreign policy experience .
Advertisement
Overseeing a state Guard is a “ chief executive role ” with real management responsibilities , said Mark Allen , a spokesman for the National Guard Bureau , the federal office that coordinates state National Guards .
“ I do n’t think people should think it is a casual relationship , or is like the king putting on the medals , ” Allen said .
“ It is not that at all .
But the role of the governor is to use the Guard to help the citizens of a state , as opposed to declaring war on a neighboring state . ”
The Alaska National Guard is unusual in that its jobs include manning part of the U.S. missile defense system .
The 49th Missile Defense Battalion works on interceptor missiles designed to shoot down intercontinental missiles .
Members of the Alaska National Guard also were deployed to Iraq , and Palin visited their unit in July 2007 .
The McCain campaign has pointed to that experience as an example of Palin ’s foreign policy background .
Advertisement
“ She ’s been the commander of Alaska ’s National Guard , who ’s been deployed overseas , ” Tucker Bounds , a McCain spokesman , said on CNN in one of several recent references to Palin ’s gubernatorial responsibility for the Guard .
“ That ’s foreign policy experience . ”
Since governors have no role in overseeing Guard members federalized for service in Iraq , military experts said that should not count as foreign policy experience .
National Guard officials said visits such as Palin ’s trip to Iraq may be important because state officials can lobby the federal government for better training and more equipment if they are needed .
There is no indication that during her trip Palin found major problems with how the Alaska Guard was trained or equipped .
Closer to home , the bread - and - butter duties of most state National Guards are natural disasters .
During Palin ’s 21 months in office , there has been one declared disaster : widespread flooding in June and July this year .
Palin quickly signed a disaster declaration , officials said .
The Guard ’s role was limited to providing two water tanks and 30,000 sandbags to local authorities .
Advertisement
The Alaska Air National Guard , with 1,946 service members , is involved in an exceptional number of search - and - rescue missions .
Since Palin became governor in December 2006 , the Air Guard has flown 521 missions , saving 200 lives and assisting with the rescue of 77 more people , said Kalei Brooks , a spokeswoman for the Alaska Department of Military and Veterans Affairs .
“ Our rescue squadron is the busiest in the nation , ” she said .
In recent years , the department has overseen a reorganization of the 1,900 - member Army National Guard .
Following a U.S. Army restructuring plan , officials have helped assign soldiers to new units .
But training requirements for Guard units are established not by governors , but by the Army , the Air Force and the National Guard Bureau .
Advertisement
“ That requirement comes down from the United States Army and Air Force , ” Allen said .
“ But that training and that equipment become very important when they are needed within the states . ”
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Displays of altruism or selflessness towards others can be sexually attractive in a mate .
This is one of the findings of a study carried out by biologists and a psychologist at The University of Nottingham .
In three studies of more than 1,000 people , Dr Tim Phillips and his fellow researchers discovered that women place significantly greater importance on altruistic traits than anything else .
Their findings have been published in the British Journal of Psychology .
Dr Phillips said : “ Evolutionary theory predicts competition between individuals and yet we see many examples in nature of individuals disadvantaging themselves to help others .
In humans , particularly , we see individuals prepared to put themselves at considerable risk to help individuals they do not know for no obvious reward . ”
Participants in the studies were questioned about a range of qualities they look for in a mate , including examples of altruistic behaviour such as ‘ donates blood regularly ’ and ‘ volunteered to help out in a local hospital ’ .
Women placed significantly greater importance on altruistic traits in all three studies .
Yet both sexes may consider altruistic traits when choosing a partner .
One hundred and seventy couples were asked to rate how much they preferred altruistic traits in a mate and report their own level of altruistic behaviour .
The strength of preference in one partner was found to correlate with the extent of altruistic behaviour typically displayed in the other , suggesting that altruistic traits may well be a factor both men and women take into account when choosing a partner .
Dr Phillips said : “ For many years the standard explanation for altruistic behaviour towards non-relatives has been based on reciprocity and reputation — a version of ‘ you scratch my back and I ’ll scratch yours ’ .
I believe we need to look elsewhere to understand the roots of human altruism .
The expansion of the human brain would have greatly increased the cost of raising children so it would have been important for our ancestors to choose mates both willing and able to be good , long - term parents .
Displays of altruism could well have provided accurate clues to this and genes linked to altruism would have been favoured as a result . ”
Dr Phillips concluded : “ Sexual selection could well come to be seen as exerting a major influence on what made humans human . ”
Dr Tom Reader in the School of Biology said : “ Sexual preferences have enormous potential to shape the evolution of animal behaviour .
Humans are clearly not an exception : sex may have a crucial role in explaining what are our most biologically interesting and unusual habits . ”
UNIX History Graphing Project
Welcome to the UNIX History Graphing Project .
The aim is to try and collate a list of release dates and dependencies for as many of the UNIX variants as possible .
The information will be kept in a a set of files that are machine - parsable .
This will allow us , for example , to produce a graph of the UNIX family tree .
I 'll be trying to use Graphviz for my diagram .
Each `family group ' of UNIX development will be kept in its own file .
These can then be concatenated together to produce the full UNIX history .
A specific UNIX version is represented as a node in a file as follows .
The first line has a single - word node nickname .
The remaining lines are tab - indented .
At the moment , the fields are fluid and we might have to add more .
The current set of fields are :
Name :
The name of the release to be shown in the final diagram Date :
The release date in one of three forms : 1976 -11-30 , 1976 - 11 or just 1976 .
The latter two assume the beginning of November and the beginning of 1976 .
Reference : A reference to where this information came from .
This should be as specific and verifiable as possible .
For example : book name and page number , Usenet posting and message - id , a person and their e-mail address , or a file reference and where this file can be found .
Successor to xxx Indicates that this version of UNIX is a direct descendant of xxx .
xxx is another node nickname .
Code taken from xxx Indicates that this is n't viewed by the UNIX community as a direct descendant , but that some code was taken from xxx .
xxx is another node nickname .
Influenced by xxx Indicates that this version of UNIX has no code taken directly from xxx , but borrowed ideas from xxx .
xxx is another node nickname .
The node ends with a blank line .
Lines in the files that start with a hash character ( # ) are comment lines .
Here is an example node entry :
3bsd Name : 3BSD Date : 1980 - 03 Reference : last - mod timestamps in Distributions /ucb/3bsd.tar Successor to 32V
Code taken from 2bsd # virtual memory , page replacement , # demand paging
Here are the current set of files :
research , the research versions of UNIX from Bell Labs , i.e 1st Edition up to 10th Edition .
usdl , any early versions from USG , PWB and USDL .
2bsd , 1BSD and the 2BSDs from CSRG .
4bsd , 3BSD and the 4BSDs from CSRG .
386bsd , 386BSD from Bill & Lynne Jolitz .
freebsd , the FreeBSD versions .
netbsd , the NetBSD versions .
openbsd , the OpenBSD versions .
linux , the Linux kernels .
bsdi , the commercial BSD versions from BSDi .
sysV , System III and System V versions .
aos , IBM AOS for the RT .
consensys , Consensys releases .
sunos , SunOS and Solaris releases .
tandem , Tandem releases .
unixware , Unixware releases .
Makefile and todot , used to convert the files above into Graphviz `dot ' language , and then to produce unix_history .ps .
. unix_history.ps , a first attempt at using dot from Graphviz to draw the family tree .
from Graphviz to draw the family tree .
references.html , a list of references used in the above files .
If you have information about any other part of the UNIX family tree , then please send the details to Warren Toomey wkt@cs.adfa.edu.au , and he will create a file with the details .
Warren Toomey
2000-06-15
Una recentissima inchiesta di Rai News 24 svela che nel 1991 gli americani usarono un ’arma nucleare in Iraq .
Ma è andata davvero così ?
In questi giorni RAI News 24 ha presentato un ’inchiesta giornalistica che riporta dichiarazioni di un reduce americano della Guerra del Golfo del 1991 , secondo le quali nell ’ ultimo giorno di quel conflitto gli americani utilizzarono un piccolo ordigno nucleare da penetrazione , della potenza di cinque chilotoni , nella zona compresa tra la città di Basra ( Bassora ) ed il confine iraniano .
QUANTO C’È DI VERO ? – I giornalisti di RAI News affermano di aver verificato la notizia consultando gli archivi dell ’International Seismological Centre e hanno scoperto che quel giorno , proprio in quella zona , fu registrato un evento sismico “ di potenza corrispondente a cinque chilotoni ” .
In più , l’inchiesta riporta dichiarazioni del responsabile del reparto oncologico dell ’ospedale di Basra secondo cui i decessi annuali per tumore sono passati dai trentadue del 1989 agli oltre seicento del 2002 .
Questo genere di inchieste giornalistiche ( che purtroppo non sono una novità per RAI News 24 ) è deprimente , perché partono da una notizia del tutto inverosimile ( nascondere un’esplosione nucleare in Medio Oriente è un po ’ come nascondere un ippopotamo nella Fontana di Trevi ) ma riescono in qualche modo a costruirci sopra uno “ scoop ” .
Forse è l’eccesso di ottimismo el dopo – scoop fosforo bianco , utilizzato in guerra dagli usa .
A tal proposito , qualcuno azzarda che questa sia una bufala nata proprio per “ vendicarsi ” di quell ’inchiesta .
PARLIAMO DI ARMI NUCLEARI – Un’arma nucleare da 5 KT ( chilotoni ) equivale a 5.000 tonnellate di alto esplosivo che detonano contemporaneamente .
Nel 1991 , gli americani disponevano soltanto di due tipi di testate di potenza così piccola : la bomba B61 ( sganciabile da aerei ) e la W80 /W84 montata sui missili “ Cruise ” strategici .
Nessuna delle due era a “ penetrazione ” : soltanto nel 1995 fu autorizzato lo sviluppo di una variante a penetrazione della bomba B61 ( la B61 - 11 ) .
I primi test avvennero nel 1996 e l’arma entrò in servizio nel 1997 .
Questi dati già smentiscono inesorabilmente la storiella di RAI News .
Qualcuno potrebbe dire che gli americani hanno sviluppato segretamente un ordigno nucleare di quel tipo , senza dirlo a nessuno , prima del 1991 .
Non si vede perché , visto che per decine e decine di altri tipi di ordigni , versioni e sottoversioni , non è stato tenuto segreto nulla , e lo stesso sviluppo della B61 - 11 è stato ampiamente pubblicizzato .
L’IMPORTANTE È AVERLA , NON USARLA – Del resto , lo scopo principale di un’arma nucleare è quello di non dover mai essere utilizzata : è il principio della deterrenza , in base al quale è bene che il nemico sappia che ce l’hai e quante ne hai .
Dovremmo quindi immaginare un complotto ( quello di un’esplosione nascosta ) cui se ne aggiunge un altro ( quello di un’arma segreta il cui sviluppo è stato tenuto nascosto e poi posticipato negli anni , in barba ai controlli e alle ispezioni che USA e Russia si scambiano per vigilare sul rispetto dei trattati di controllo delle armi nucleari ) .
Poi c’è la storia della potenza dell ’esplosione .
Per quanto “ piccola ” possa essere una bomba da 5 KT , la sua azione distruttiva è immensa .
Uno studio recente ( “ Nuclear Terrorism and Nuclear Accidents in South Asia ” di Kuchibhotla e McKinzie ) illustra proprio gli effetti dell ’esplosione di un ordigno nucleare da 5 KT .
La sovrapressione distruggerebbe qualsiasi cosa nel raggio di un chilometro e mezzo circa , la nuvola del fall - out ricadrebbe su un’area di seicento chilometri quadrati .
Senza contare gli effetti termici e quelli dell ’impulso elettromagnetico .
UN PO’ DIFFICILE NASCONDERE TUTTO QUESTO –
In un altro studio ( “ The Effects of Nuclear Weapons ” di Glasstone e Dolan ) , viene mostrata la montagna di rocce creata dall ’esplosione sotterranea di un ordigno di appena 0,087 KT .
Figurarsi l’esplosione di un ordigno da 5 KT ( cinquanta volte più potente ) .
Del resto la bomba di Hiroshima aveva una potenza nominale di circa una quindicina di chilotoni , ed esistono studi secondo cui la potenza effettiva sviluppata dall ’ ordigno fu di molto inferiore : appena 3 KT ( “ Yeld of the Hiroshima Bomb Derived from Pessure Record ” , di H.L. Brode ) .
QUALE TERREMOTO ?
– Chiarito che la storia dell ’ ordigno nucleare non sta in piedi in alcun modo , la curiosità ci spinge a verificare il presunto riscontro di un evento sismico registrato proprio in quella data e proprio in quell ’area .
Innanzitutto bisogna capire di che data si parla .
La Prima guerra del Golfo è terminata il 28 febbraio del 1991 , e il 10 marzo le truppe della coalizione erano già in fase di ritiro dal teatro .
Per buona misura , abbiamo controllato i rilievi di eventi sismici registrati in un’area di ben 200 km di raggio da Basra ( Bassora ) , dove esiste una stazione di rilevamento , per tutto l’anno 1991 : qui l’evento .
L’inchiesta dice che si è verificato tra “ 0 e 33 km di profondità ” ma non si sono accorti ( o non hanno voluto vedere ) che il dato è contrassegnato con una F , che significa Fixed .
Ossia la profondità è stata determinata e fissata con precisione , non è un range .
By Marie Cocco - September 30 , 2008
WASHINGTON -- Barack Obama , accused so often of taking too lawyerly an approach to the rough - and - tumble of presidential politics , delivered a brilliant summation at the very outset of his first debate with John McCain .
The question was about the gargantuan bailout being forced upon taxpayers as a way of rescuing the economy from the clutches of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
The answer was crisp and complete .
" This is a final verdict on eight years of failed economic policies promoted by George Bush , supported by Senator McCain , a theory that basically says that we can shred regulations and consumer protections and give more and more to ( those who have ) the most and somehow prosperity will trickle down , " the Democratic presidential candidate said .
Were George W. Bush himself in the defendant 's chair , this would be one of those cases in which the jury would be sent to the deliberation room and the judge would have to quickly return from his chambers to hear the verdict .
Does anyone doubt that Bush would be found guilty as charged ?
With this latest , grotesque mismanagement of a financial disintegration that showed its first signs years ago , Bush has done for the global economy what he did for New Orleans .
He has allowed it -- allowed all of us -- to drown in a failure that is catastrophic , and he has done so through his usual combination of ineptitude and ideologically inspired indifference to the consequences of refusing to take early action .
Make no mistake .
Even as a balky Congress ponders the largest government bailout in American history , even as politicians calculate the winners and losers , even as Obama and McCain are forced to throw away the talking points of their carefully scripted campaigns , this is the beginning of something -- not the end .
A recession -- and a deep one , many economists now say -- is all but certain to grip the U.S. economy and reverberate worldwide .
It is to begin ( if it has n't already ) after a period in which household incomes among middle - class Americans never struggled back to the level they 'd reached in 2000 , before the last recession .
With inflation factored in , median household income among working - age families ( those headed by someone under 65 ) fell by $ 324 between 2000 and 2007 , according to Census Bureau data analyzed by the Economic Policy Institute .
Managing the restructuring of the financial industry and whatever economic fallout results from it will necessarily preoccupy the next president well into his term .
Neither Obama nor McCain would state on Friday night which of their proposed programs would have to be abandoned or delayed because of the one - two punch of bailout funds being disbursed at the same time revenues are falling due to the economic slowdown .
An obvious answer is to allow the Bush tax cuts to expire as scheduled beginning in 2010 , a year into the next president 's term .
But the last gasp of the old guard could still be heard even over the weekend .
House Republicans proved their terminal ridiculousness by proposing -- get this -- to cut taxes on the very businesses whose failures are now to be financed by taxpayers .
The verbal jousting and gotcha moments of previous debates were mostly absent on Friday .
But what also was missing is this : an aura that captured the reality that no new president since Franklin D. Roosevelt has been asked to take the reins of power with so many crises , on so many fronts , threatening the United States .
The presidential contest , despite periodic ups and downs for one candidate or the other , has been quite close since the two candidates secured their nominations .
It has often seemed that voters would like to choose one from column A and one from column B -- McCain 's experience and national security credentials and Obama 's freshness and pledge to break with the disastrous policies that have taken us where we are today .
In trials , juries often are able to reach a compromise verdict by , say , finding a defendant guilty of a lesser charge .
Voters have no such option .
Obama is fundamentally right .
We have on Nov. 4 an opportunity to deliver the final verdict on a crowd that has been negligent in too many ways to count .
McCain was n't the ringleader , but he has been complicit .
Bush and the Republicans are guilty as charged .
They deserve to be put away .
10 Most Evocative Beach Houses in Australia
Guest author Mark Brown is a writer and blogger who runs The Credit Letter , a site offering hacks and advice for managing your money .
It ’s iconic , nostalgic and inspirational .
We see them in the movies ; they ’re the realm of the high paid executive .
They come in all shapes , sizes and styles from zen - influenced minimalist havens to whitewashed colonial .
The beach house is all these and more .
But most importantly it ’s a place to seek refuge from the trials of everyday life of the restless world we live in .
The allure of the beach house , this bastion of tranquility , has overwhelmed us here at Home Design Find .
In this post , the first part in a series exploring beach life , we bring you 10 of the most evocative beach houses in Australia .
1. Thirty - One Degrees , Port Douglas [ $ 500.00 per night ]
When it comes to beach houses , it does n’t get much better than Thirty One Degrees on the Oak Beach shore of the Coral Sea .
This old fisherman ’s cottage has been successfully renovated as a modern beach house with slick contemporary styling where you can let the stress and strain of everyday life fall by the wayside as you chill out in a hammock , reading or perhaps sipping a fresh cocktail .
2. Island Beach Lodge , Kangaroo Island [ $ 450.00 per night ]
If you ’re after a beach house retreat with a difference , then this could be the one for you .
Situated on idyllic Kangaroo Island , the third largest island in Australia , Island Beach lodge is a luxurious and stylish beach house with a clean modern look and feel .
Combine such contemporaneous design with the nearby beach , pristine bushland and romantic sunset for the break of a lifetime .
Capable of sleeping up to 14 people , there ’s more than enough room to take your family and friends on vacation and split the cost .
3. Avalon Coastal Retreat , Swansea [ $ 770.00 per night ]
Take a beautiful setting overlooking the Tasman Sea and Great Oyster Bay , then combine it with stunning interior design and you ’ll get Avalon Coastal Retreat .
However , be prepared to break out your credit card : a single night at this luxurious retreat costs the princely sum of $ 770 !
For that you ’d expect something unique , which is exactly what you get .
This beach house is renowned for cutting edge design in juxtaposition with traditional Tasmanian oak furniture and art .
The three double bedrooms make this a great choice for families and groups of couples looking to escape .
4. The Pole House , Fairhaven [ $ 355 per night ]
Not many beach houses are nationally recognizable , but The Pole House on Victoria ’s Great Ocean Road is one of them .
Available to rent at an affordable rate of $ 335 per night , demand for this particular spot is high !
It ’s all about the ocean view here : waking up in the morning with the sun glinting off the ocean is quite something .
This sensational beach house is perfect for couples looking to escape the hassle of a busy city life .
5. Jahangir , Eagle Bay [ $ 6,200 per week ]
It is n’t cheap , but with a view to die for it ’s not hard to see why the Jahangir beach house is so incredibly popular .
Spend a week here on vacation and wash away the stresses of life relaxing on the beach , swimming in the stunning turquoise waters of Eagle Bay and generally enjoying the outdoor lifestyle this place affords .
Not only does this house offer spectacular views , it is also styled internally with modern fittings and upmarket finishes .
If you do get bored chilling out in this opulent beach house , why not take a trip to one of the many local wineries , art galleries or restaurants .
6. Mandalay Luxury Stay , Darwin [ $ 695.00 per night ]
Combine the perfect location overlooking the harbour on Darwin ’s Esplanade with cutting edge oriental interior design and you ’ll get one of the most sought after beach houses in all of Australia : Madalay Luxury Stay .
It does n’t come cheap though !
At $ 695 per night this is something you ’ll probably have to save up for , or bring some friends and family to split the bill with .
Do n’t worry though , there ’s plenty of room with enough space to sleep up to six people in three bedrooms .
If the view does n’t inspire you then the Chinese themed interior with its original artwork , lavish soft furnishings , white linen bedding , plush dining area and luxurious lounge certainly will !
7. Malimali , Port Douglas [ $ 950 per night ]
This is a luxury beachside retreat that truly lets lodgers relax and unwind : stroll along the pristine beach , paddle in the warm bath - like Coral Sea , watch as the sun sets behind a mountainous backdrop clad in verdant tropical forest .
The interior of this award winning beach house is every bit as striking as its fabulous surroundings .
Designed by internationally renowned architect , Chris van Dyke , Malimali boasts three sumptuously appointed king bedrooms , an infinity pool , helipad , private tennis court and beautiful tropical water gardens .
This is a place you ’ll find difficult to part with !
8. Ron Roozen ’s Place , Margaret River [ $ 550 per night ]
If you fancy a break on the breathtaking western coast of Australia , then this surf culture laden beach house is ideal for you .
Conveniently located amid the pristine bushland overlooking the ocean at Prevelly , Ron Roozen ’s beach house offers simply jaw - dropping panoramic views out over the Indian Ocean from every room .
This is a beachside retreat with a difference : heavily influenced by surf culture , the art - appointed walls and stylish furnishings ooze cool and casual .
And to make your stay that little bit more memorable you ’ll also get a personal chef and pantry service , as well as daily maid service and tours of the local wineries if desirable .
9. Trinity Beach Palace , Cairns [ $ 1800 per night ]
For the ultimate in Australian beachfront living , it has to be Trinity Beach Palace .
Set amidst a picturesque tropical backdrop and fronting onto a stretch of tranquil sandy beach , this is a beach house where you can come to relax and really get away from it all .
At $ 1800 per night you ’d expect the very top notch of interior design , and that ’s exactly what you get .
The classic interior design of Trinity Beach Palace is melded sympathetically with nuances of Africa .
Dark woods , bamboo , quartz stone pillars , covered walkways and lots of glass will make your stay a truly unforgettable experience !
10 . Mystique Beach House , Port Douglas [ $ 650.00 per night ]
Clean and modern design combine perfectly with an idyllic setting overlooking the beach and ocean at Mystique Beach House , one of the most stylish and desirable beach houses in Australia .
Just one look at the beautiful interior design characterized by smooth lines , luxurious furnishings and high - end finishes is enough to make anyone fork out the dough on a vacation here .
The infinity pool complete with in - pool bench seating and the splendid views combined mean you ’ll probably find it tough to leave , even if it does set you back $ 650 per night !
You ’ll be living in the lap of luxury though : Mystique Beach House is very well appointed with wireless internet , plasma satellite television and entertainment system , gourmet kitchen with Krups espresso machine , air conditioning throughout and no less than 4 bedrooms .
You can receive our articles for free in your email inbox or subscribe to our RSS feed .
Just enter your email below for the email subscription : | Buy | Print
IN a tastefully luxurious suite at the Peninsula Hotel in New York , Brian Johnson , the lead singer of AC / DC , is crooning the opening lines of “ It ’s a Wonderful World ” while he waits to have his picture taken .
Although he ’s known for belting out AC / DC ’s hard rock songs , he can also sing delicately about trees of green and red roses .
Suddenly he clears his nasal passages with a giant snort and cracks up laughing .
“ What ’s green and goes backward at 100 miles an hour ? ” he asks in a northeastern English accent .
Across the room the brothers Angus and Malcolm Young , the band ’s guitarists , start laughing along with him .
Even at their age  Angus is 53 , Malcolm is 55 and Mr. Johnson is 61  the members of AC / DC ca n’t resist a gross - out joke .
The band ’s music has n’t matured much either , to the delight of its fans .
AC / DC has always delivered an aggressive take on rock ’s raw essentials : slicing guitars , driving rhythms and lyrics about sex , drink and rock ’ n ’ roll .
Its new album , “ Black Ice ” ( Columbia ) , which will be sold in the United States only at Wal - Mart starting Oct. 20 , is its most focused release in almost two decades , full of the fist - pumping riffs and shout - along choruses the band is known for .
And it is expected to be one of fall ’s biggest rock releases .
Gradually , and without getting much media attention , AC / DC has become the most popular currently active rock band in the country , to judge by albums sold .
Since 1991 , when Nielsen SoundScan started tracking music sales , this Australian band has sold 26.4 million albums , second only to the Beatles in catalog sales , and more than the Rolling Stones or Led Zeppelin .
Over the past five years , as CD sales have cratered , AC / DC albums have sold just as well as or better than ever ; the band sold more than 1.3 million CDs in the United States last year , even though it has n’t put out any new music since 2000 .
And with “ Black Ice , ” increased visibility for the band ’s catalog at Wal - Mart and a tour that starts Oct. 28 , it ’s possible that AC / DC could sell more CDs overall this year than any other act in pop music .
In Defense of Anonymity
In 1787 , when America ’s framers wanted to argue for its Constitution , they published their arguments ( the Federalist Papers ) anonymously .
Whistleblowers have released everything from the Pentagon Papers to the Downing Street Memos .
Anonymous speech is a First Amendment right .
And yet , on the supposedly Wild West frontier of the Internet , publishing anonymously is not so easy .
Hosting providers require a name and credit card , which they have to hand over to the FBi at the drop of a National Security Letter .
Free hosting sites zealously obey takedown requests and require publishers to reveal their identity if they want their stuff put back up ( a tactic Scientologists have used ) .
Luckily there are now services like Wikileaks , but they only publish a very narrow range of content .
But , talking with Virgil Griffith and others , I hit upon a new way of allowing for anonymous publishing .
The amazing Tor project lets you use the Internet anonymously , by disguising your traffic thru a long series of relays .
Less well - known is that it also allows for anonymous publishing , by running the system in reverse .
Unfortunately , you need the Tor software to visit anonymously - published sites , but we realized there ’s no reason this need be so .
So I dusted off some work I ’d begun years and years ago and build a tor2web proxy .
Now anyone with a web browser can visit an anonymous Tor URL like http://sexy36iscapohm7b.onion/
from any Web browser , without any special software , just by going to :
http://sexy36iscapohm7b.tor.theinfo.org/
Which means that publishing an anonymous website is now also fairly easy .
( There are instructions on the Tor site — just replace the .onion when you hand out the URL .
If that ’s too tricky , you could use an existing provider like Freedom Hosting . )
tor2web proxies act like any other sort of proxy or router ; they just route traffic from a client to a server and do n’t get involved themselves , so they ca n’t be held legally responsible for the content that passes thru them .
But to prevent against a single point of failure , I ’m asking others to set up tor2web nodes to distribute the load .
The next step , of course , is to support mirroring so that people can still find interesting files , even if one hidden server goes down .
Here ’s to anonymity — and more tools protecting it .
You should follow me on twitter here .
October 24 , 2008
Jeremy Manson 's blog , which goes into great detail either about concurrency in Java , or anything else that the author happens to feel is interesting or relevant to the target audience .
12 Pages Posted : 6 Oct 2008
Date Written : October 5 , 2008
Abstract
Governor Palin's 2006 and 2007 tax returns create several teaching opportunities for basic tax classes .
This paper analyzes five substantive issues created by the returns and by a legal opinion letter written by Roger Olsen on some of the issues .
The five issues are : ( 1 ) the proper treatment of $ 17,000 paid to Palin by the state of Alaska as her travel allowance ; ( 2 ) the proper treatment of $ 43,000 paid to Palin as a travel allowance for her husband and children ; ( 3 ) the proper treatment of a $ 9,000 loss claimed for her husband 's racing activity ; ( 4 ) whether the Palins are subject to the penalties for negligence ; and ( 5 ) whether Mr. Olsen 's letter meets the standards for tax practice in Circular 230 .
Every so often , Earth 's magnetic field flips on its head , turning the magnetic North Pole into the South Pole and vice versa .
It last happened 780,000 years ago , and is predicted to occur again in about 1,500 years ... maybe .
The overall frequency is hard to predict — there was one period in Earth 's history when the field did n't reverse for 30 million years .
Why these flip - flops happen at all is a great riddle , but a new hypothesis on the origins of the magnetic field could shed light on the reason .
How it works
Earth 's magnetic field is really two fields with two separate sources , argues paleomagnetist Kenneth Hoffman of California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo and geochronologist Brad Singer of the University of Wisconsin , Madison , in a paper published in the Sept. 26 issue of the journal Science .
One component of the field , the stronger part , is the north - south pointing " axial dipole " magnetic field , which can be pictured as the kind of field that would be created by a giant bar magnet inside the Earth .
There is also a weaker field spread around the planet , not positioned along the north - south axis .
The researchers suggest this weak field is created closer to the surface of Earth 's outer core , while the stronger north - south field is produced throughout the core , including the deepest parts .
Both fields are thought to result from the movement of electrons from hot iron atoms in the convective flow of the core , which is more of a liquid than a solid .
The movement of the charged particles through the planet creates a magnetic field just as the movement of an electric current through a wire does .
The researchers suggest that the sporadic reversal of Earth 's magnetic field occurs when the axial dipole field weakens , leaving the weaker , more disperse field intact .
" The field is not always stable , the convection and the nature of the flow changes , and it can cause the dipole that ’s generated to wax and wane in intensity and strength , " Singer said .
" When it becomes very weak , it 's less capable of reaching to the surface of the Earth , and what you start to see emerge is this non-axial dipole , the weaker part of the field that 's left over . "
How can they know that ?
To figure this out , Hoffman and Singer analyzed remnants of lava that poured out of volcanoes in Tahiti and Germany between 500,000 and 700,000 years ago .
The lava contains an iron - rich mineral called magnetite .
When the hot lava is erupted , the iron atoms ' electrons spin in random directions , but as it cools down the electron spins freeze pointing in the direction of the planet 's magnetic field lines .
At times when the Earth 's magnetic dipole field was strong , the spins in both Tahiti and Germany pointed toward the magnetic North Pole .
However , when the dipole field was weakening or preparing to reverse , the spins were left to be guided by the strongest nearby magnetic field lines from the weaker field that was left over , which were different in Germany compared to Tahiti .
The finding shows that when the main element of Earth 's magnetic field is weak , smaller local magnetic pulls kick in .
By studying where these local pulls are strongest , the researchers can map out this second layer of field and learn how it differs from the stronger field .
Forward flip
Ultimately , scientists hope to have a better handle on these issues by the time our planet 's field flips again .
" The magnetic field is one of the most fundamental features of the Earth , " Singer told LiveScience .
" But it 's still one of the biggest enigmas in science .
Why [ the flip ] happens is something people have been chasing for more than a hundred years . "
When the next reversal comes , it probably wo n't inflict much damage to life on Earth , Singer said .
Though we could expect a slight increase in damaging cosmic radiation , which is usually repelled by the magnetic field , it should n't be enough to cause serious harm .
And though magnetic north and south poles will switch spots , the seasons and other cycles on the planet are primarily due to Earth 's position relative to the sun , which would n't change significantly .
All in all , the flip is nothing that our planet has n't faced many times before .
" The magnetic field has reversed itself hundreds , if not thousands , of times , " Singer said .
" Right now , the axial dipole is waning in strength , so we might experience a field reversal in the next two millennia if it continues to weaken at the current rate . "
by
About three years ago , as the price of gasoline began creeping up , hybrid cars started becoming more and more popular .
While this makes perfect sense , I always kind of felt that people were buying these hybrids – in particular , the Toyota Prius – in an attempt to own the “ in ” car .
My theory shifted dramatically when things really hit the fan earlier this year , and many of us were paying in excess of $ 4 per gallon to fill up our cars .
At that point , owning a hybrid went from simply being the cool thing to do to the financially and environmentally smart way to get around town .
After all , reducing your gasoline consumption can save both money and the environment .
So , owning a hybrid should be a win / win situation , right ?
Not necessarily .
While there ’s no doubt that hybrid cars get great gas mileage , it ’s not as if this increase fuel efficiency comes for free ; you ’re going to pay a premium to own that hybrid .
To illustrate what I ’m talking about , let ’s look at two cars that get great fuel economy : the Toyota Prius – a hybrid – and the Toyota Yaris – a non-hybrid .
( I suppose you could choose any fuel efficient non-hybrid and swap it out for the Yaris , but for the sake of trying to keep everything relatively comparable , I stuck with another Toyota . )
Anyway , let ’s check out the specs for these two cars :
TOYOTA PRIUS :
PASSENGER ROOM : 96.2 cubic feet
HORSE POWER : 76 HP @ 5000 RPM
FUNCTIONAL AVERAGE FUEL ECONOMY * : 46.7 MPG
COST : $ 21,500
TOYOTA YARIS :
PASSENGER ROOM : 86.3 cubic feet
HORSE POWER : 106 HP @ 6000 RPM
FUNCTIONAL AVERAGE FUEL ECONOMY * : 38.2 MPG
COST : $ 11,550 MSRP
* Functional average fuel economy comes from FuelEconomy.gov .
Their site does n’t produce direct links , so if you do n’t believe the stats I have listed , feel free to check out their site .
Even if you do believe me , it ’s worth checking out their site !
So , for about $ 10,000 more , you ’re essentially buying a slightly bigger car and getting 8.5 extra miles per gallon .
Unfortunately , unlike several years ago , there is no longer a tax credit for buying a Prius .
That credit expired in October 2007 , so you ca n’t use that to help offset the higher cost of the car .
In order to recoup the extra up front cash expense , you ’d need to drive your hybrid 560,000 miles over the life of the car , assuming an average gas price of $ 3.75 per gallon .
And , keep in mind , by owning the Prius as opposed to the Yaris , you ’re likely to pay more in interest ( if you ’re financing the car ) , personal property taxes and insurance .
( If you ’d like to double check my math , you ’re more than welcome to check out this spreadsheet . )
I know there are plenty of you out there who believe we should do whatever we can for the environment , no matter the cost .
That ’s fine , and that ’s certainly your prerogative .
But , keep in mind all of the other environmentally friendly products you could buy using that saved $ 10,000 :
Replace every bulb in your house with CFL bulbs
Install reduced flow shower heads and toilets in every bathroom
Replace older appliances with more energy efficient models
Better insulate and seal your home to avoid energy leaks
Combining these things plus the probably many other things you could do in under $ 10,000 probably has more of an environmental impact than getting slightly better fuel economy .
In essence , you ’d be getting more bang for the buck .
So , long story short , while owning a hybrid car certainly is a great way to do your part to help with environmental issues , it might not be the most cost effective or productive way to get the job done .
The rate cuts had not been expected Six central banks , including the Bank of England , have cut interest rates by half a percentage point in an effort to steady the faltering global economy .
No decision on UK rates had been expected until Thursday - and the move puts the interest rate at 4.5 % from 5 % .
The US Federal Reserve has cut rates from 2 % to 1.5 % and the European Central Bank ( ECB ) trimmed its rate from 4.25 % to 3.75 % .
The unprecedented step failed to cheer world stock markets .
The central banks of Canada and Sweden and Switzerland all took similar action in the co-ordinated move .
China also cut its rate , but by 0.27 percentage points .
European and US initially reacted well to the news but later turned lower as investors were unconvinced that the rate cuts would really solve the financial crisis .
In New York , the main Dow Jones stock index ended down 189 points or 2 % at 9,258.1 after weaving in and out of positive territory .
The last time the Bank of England cut rates in a special meeting was on 18 September 2001 - when rates came down from 5 % to 4.75 % .
In the UK , some mortgage lenders also immediately passed on the rate cut to borrowers - trimming their variable rates .
In other major developments :
The UK government unveiled a package of measures aimed at rescuing the banking system which could add up to £ 400 bn ( $ 692bn ) .
The fact that the central banks have had to take such extreme measures underlines how bad market conditions have become
Julian Jessop
Capital Economics Central banks ' official statements Financial crisis at - a- glance : 8 Oct Some mortgage rates fall Money gloom : your comments
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said that more financial firms were expected to fail in the US despite a $ 700 bn government bail - out programme .
The Federal Reserve has agreed to provide insurer American International Group with a $ 37.8 bn loan on top of the $ 85 bn loan given to the troubled firm last month .
Italy also unveiled details of a banking rescue plan that could involve the government taking stakes in failing banks .
All UK savers with accounts in the closed Icelandic internet bank Icesave were told they would get all their money back .
The Treasury arranged for more than £ 3bn of UK savers ' money held with Icelandic banks Kaupthing Edge and Heritable Bank to be transferred to ING Direct UK .
Iceland 's prime minister said he hoped to find a " mutually satisfactory solution " to the loss of UK Icesave deposits after Prime Minister Gordon Brown threatened to sue Iceland to recover the money .
' Arrest the slide ' Responding to the interest rate cut , UK manufacturers ' group the EEF welcomed the " bold and decisive move " it hoped would " arrest the current crisis and collapse in confidence " .
" Coupled with the plan to shore up the financial system today 's co-ordinated moves should help arrest the potential slide into depression , " said the EEF 's chief economist Steve Radley .
Chief international economist at Capital Economics , Julian Jessop , said that the rate cut would " provide at least a temporary boost to confidence " .
But he added : " We fear that there is still a lot more work to do .
" The fact that the central banks have had to take such extreme measures underlines how bad market conditions have become . "
He also warned that rate cuts were not a complete solution , pointing out the Fed had already cut rates from 5.25 % in September last year to 2 % before the latest move - action which happened " without rescuing either the financial system or the real economy . "
' Taken too long '
The Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee said that getting inflation down to the government 's 2 % target remained its goal .
The latest data puts inflation at 4.7 % , and it is likely to rise above 5 % in coming months before falling , the MPC said .
But analyst Peter Warburton of Economic Perspectives said the rate cut and government intervention should have come earlier .
" It has taken far too long for the government and the Bank of England to recognise the scale of threat posed by the seizing up of the credit system , " he said .
' Strong support '
The Federal Reserve said that it had acted " in light of evidence pointing to a weakening of economic activity and a reduction in inflationary pressures " .
And the ECB said it had felt able to act because " inflationary pressures have started to moderate in a number of countries , partly reflecting a marked decline in energy and other commodity prices " .
Although it did not cut its own rate - which is just 0.5 % - the Bank of Japan expressed its " strong support " of the policy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lately , the stock market feels a lot like a roller coaster ride .
So if you 're jittery about the market , this is the shirt for you at Neatorama 's Online Store : http://shop.neatorama.com/product-info.php?stock-market-the-ride-pid106.html
( Plus , at only $ 9.95 , it wo n't break the bank ! )
Learning Guides
Our extensive learning guides provide a deep dive into various types of software development .
Improve your WordPress knowledge , learn Ruby or PHP , get started with Swift and iOS , and much more .
Each learning guide will help you master a topic from start to finish .
Begin one of our learning guides today and see where it takes you !
Share
This :
In the " Reflections " section of the November 2008 Liberty magazine , Rex May speculates that Sarah Palin may be a creature of L. Neil Smith 's creation , or " might also be from an old unpublished manuscript of Heinlein's .
" Close .
Actually , she can be found in an old published Robert A. Heinlein manuscript .
Those who have his Expanded Universe collection should turn to his essay " The Happy Days Ahead , " and specifically to the fanciful story " Over the Rainbow " at the end , in which the new President dies only a few days after taking office .
The inexperienced female Vice - President , who was added to the ticket solely as a political move , refuses to step down when the party bigwigs suggest it .
Instead , she assumes the office of President , turns out to have common sense , and reverses many of the destructive policies of the federal government .
( Well , that 's why they call it fiction . )
Heinlein wrote that story in 1980 .
Frontiers of advertising , cont'd
More on the Obama camp 's no-stone - unturned approach to advertising :
“ I can confirm that the Obama campaign has paid for in - game advertising in Burnout , ” Holly Rockwood , director of corporate communications at Electronic Arts , the game ’s publisher , tells GigaOM .
( via Singer )
In a smoke - filled back room in an elite , moneyed private club on the East Coast , the following scenario is being discussed between two of the power elite ’s more powerful elites .
Let ’s call them Dick Toole and Harry Johnson .
As Dick and Harry see it :
The numbers have been crunched and the party ’s McCain problem looks terminal .
This presidential election , they conclude , can neither be won nor safely stolen .
They realize that they ’ve lost the battle , but they ’re entirely too smart to think they ’ve lost the whole war .
Remember , these people thing in the long term – the current GOP revolution began all the way back in the mid-1960s with some high - level theoretical work by a group of very wonkish academic types .
So they ’re less worried about who sits in the Oval Office for the next four years than they are about who controls economic and political policy making in 20 years .
If they must lose the White House until at least 2012 , then it ’s critical that they position themselves to undermine the Dems in every way possible during that period so that when they ’re again able to seize control , they can do so with even greater power than before .
The GOP – as we ’ve seen with the ACORN deception – seems to like the “ Dem vote fraud ” meme .
This misdirection notwithstanding , their ability to game an election is at least as strong as it has been in the past .
Dick says to Harry : “ I have an idea . ”
“ Do you , now ? ”
“ What if we get that cocksucker Diebold on the phone and see if his people can rig a few votes for us ? ”
“ No point , ” Harry says .
“ McCain is so goddamned far behind right now that there ’s no way in hell to fix it .
Not with people watching .
Goddamned liberal blogger kids and their goddamned MyFace pages .
Goddamnit . ”
“ Not what I ’m getting at , ” replies Dick .
“ Let ’s have him flip a bunch of votes the other way – rig it so people voting for McCain have their votes switched to Obama . ”
“ You need to lay off the cheap stuff , Dickie boy . ”
“ Hear me out .
Since we ’ll know where the fraud is occurring , we can point the FEC right at it .
Then we ’ll have our folks in the “ liberal media ” turn it into the biggest story of the century . ”
Harry nearly swallows his cigar at the “ liberal media ” crack .
They laugh and enjoy the moment .
“ So , anyway , it ’s ‘ Obama steals White House ’ 24/ 7 .
People are n’t smart enough to know any better , right ?
We file a few law suits , get ’em in front of Tony and Alito and Roberts and Thomas , and hell , we may win this thing 5 - 4 again . ”
“ And even if we do n’t , ” says Harry , who ’s finally catching on , “ we ’ve kneecapped Obama and the Dems to the point where they ca n’t govern .
And in 2012 … ”
“ WHAM !
We ’re back ! ”
“ I like it , Dick .
I like it . ”
This short political thriller was presented by Just Smart Enough to be Paranoid Productions , which reminds you not to put that thing in your mouth – you do n’t know where it ’s been .
A cell is taken from an embryo which is just a few days old for testing A gene mapping test could tell parents - to - be if embryos are affected by almost any inherited disease , UK scientists have claimed .
The team from London 's Bridge Centre say the £ 1,500 test could detect any of the 15,000 inherited diseases in weeks .
Current tests are either focused on a specific gene mutation , or take a lot longer to give results .
But other experts warned the fertility regulator would have to ensure there were strict limits on the test 's use .
If you can screen for anything , where do you draw the line ?
Dr Mark Hamilton , British Fertility Society
At the moment , clinics can test embryos before they are implanted in a woman 's womb to see if they carry a specific genetic mutation , if a family is affected by a condition such as cystic fibrosis .
Another test was developed by a team at Guy 's Hospital in London two years ago , which looks at genetic " fingerprint " by looking at a whole DNA of a cell .
But the claims for this new technique , called karyomapping which analyses chromosomes , is that it is a universal ' one size fits all ' test .
Mapping patterns
A single - cell is taken from an eight - day - old embryo , created using IVF .
DNA samples are then taken from the parents - and their parents .
Usually , another member of the family , most likely a child affected by the relevant condition , also provides a sample .
All those family members ' DNA is then compared , looking at 300,000 specific DNA markers , allowing scientists create a map of the family 's genetics .
This means they can , for example , identify if there is a block of DNA which has been passed on by the paternal grandfather to an affected child and if it is also present in the embryo - because the markers will be the same for all three .
For example , the gene for cystic fibrosis lies on chromosome 7 .
If the paternal grandfather was a carrier , and the embryo has inherited a section of DNA at that particular position , the embryo will have the faulty gene .
The same check can be carried out across all chromosomes to allow screening for multiple genes .
' Preventing suffering ' Professor Alan Handyside , who has developed the test , told the BBC : " The current tests can only identify a small number of defects . "
" One of the main things for patients is that , quite often , there is n't a test for their particular condition .
This is a single test - a universal method . "
He said the test could also be used , more controversially , to detect a genetic profile which showed a susceptibility to conditions such as heart disease or cancer .
The test is currently being trialled at the Bridge Centre , but is being used alongside conventional pre-implantation genetic testing so doctors can check the results .
Once Professor Handyside has enough data he will need to apply to the fertility regulator , the Human Fertility and Embryology Authority , for a licence to use the test .
An HFEA spokeswoman said its licensing committee would be able to set conditions on what it could be used for .
Dr Mark Hamilton , chairman of the British Fertility Society , said : " The effectiveness and efficiency of the procedure is quite exciting , and the fact it 's quicker means it could be helpful to couples at risk of inherited diseases - and that in itself is significant .
" We can currently test for several hundred conditions , but the claim is that the spectrum of conditions which could be screened for is enormous " But obviously , the ethical question is , if you can screen for anything , where do you draw the line ? "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Politics 1 News Updates :
Follow Politics1 on Twitter : @politics1com
When is EARLY VOTING in my state ?
Find out here .
Tweets by @Politics1com
Follow Us on Twitter :
Twitter.com/Politics1com
China has fuelled fears over a global recession by warning that the financial crisis is damaging its economic growth .
Data released yesterday showed that China 's gross domestic product expanded by 9 % in the third quarter of 2008 , down from 10.1 % for the second quarter .
Although this is still extremely healthy compared with other major economies , it is less than the figure expected by experts - and the first time the country 's GDP growth has dipped below 10 % in almost three years .
China 's government blamed lower growth on the world economic slowdown , which means less demand for Chinese exports .
" The growth rate of the world economy has slowed down noticeably .
There are more uncertain and volatile factors in the international economic climate , " said Li Xiaochao of China 's National Bureau of Statistics .
" All these factors have started to release their negative impact on China 's economy . "
After years of boom , China 's GDP growth has now slowed for the last five consecutive quarters .
The country is a huge consumer of raw materials , and last week the global mining giant Rio Tinto caused share prices in the sector to slump by warning that demand from China was slowing .
Analysts believe that GDP growth will slow further in the fourth quarter , as the impact of the financial crisis bites .
Huainan Zhao , a banking expert at the Cass Business School , in London , said : " The problem is that China 's economic growth is slowing down when it is most needed .
But I am afraid that the world will have to live with a slowing Chinese economy .
The IMF forecasted that the Chinese GDP will decline from 12 % last year to about 9.6 % this year . "
One of the most worrying aspects for the Chinese leadership is that net exports contributed only 1.2 percentage points to the country 's total GDP growth over the last nine months , down from 2.4 percentage points over the same period of 2007 .
China 's toymaking industry is under particular pressure , following a series of safety scares relating to manufacturing processes last year .
Last week more than 6,000 employees lost their jobs when Smart Union , a major toy manufacturer in Dongguan , closed .
It blamed a fall in demand from the US .
Since President Hu Jintao took charge in 2004 with a mission to correct the imbalances that have accumulated throughout China 's economy since the market reform process began in 1978 , senior leaders have talked about boosting domestic consumption by raising incomes and improving social services , but growth has remained thoroughly export-led .
Already forced to yield to international pressure to revalue its currency and make its goods more expensive overseas , China is now facing a significant slump in demand as the recession hits its markets in Europe and America .
A back - up plan has become more urgent than ever .
Last week , China 's senior Communist party leaders approved plans to strengthen the rural economy and improve the incomes of farmers , hoping that making citizens better off will create a new market for the millions of computers and household appliances now being shipped abroad .
For now , the measures appear to be too little , too late .
Stock markets across Asia recorded gains overnight - after a week of volatility - as traders welcomed a $ 130 bn ( £ 74bn ) bail - out of South Korea 's banking sector .
The government in Seoul announced it would support its banks with $ 30bn of fresh liquidity and loan guarantees totalling $ 100bn .
The move came just days after ratings agency Standard & Poor 's put the country 's five biggest banks on a ratings watch .
S&P warned that they could struggle to repay foreign loans , as the South Korean currency , the won , has fallen by a third against other currencies since January .
Before the data 's release , government leaders met to map out a strategy for countering the slowdown .
Newspapers carried reports of planned measures to spur lending and stabilise the country 's volatile financial markets .
Share prices , for example , are still down nearly 70 % from the peak they hit a year ago .
In China , Li Xiaochao said that a range of measures - including export tax relief - will be introduced in the next few months to ease the pain .
A rescue plan for the real estate sector is also in the works .
The Beijing leadership has also vowed to spend more on welfare and construction , such as rebuilding the areas devastated by the earthquake in Sichuan province in May .
Terrified passengers who were thrown around and injured or shocked when QF72 suddenly plunged have been offered compensation by Qantas , depending on whether they were travelling business or economy class .
The airline has pledged to give each passenger on the turbulent flight from Singapore to Perth a voucher - ranging in value from $ 2000 for economy travellers to about $ 6000 for those in business class .
It will also refund all tickets and pay medical expenses resulting from the incident on Tuesday .
Oct. 23 , 2008  --
Amping up a chemical in the mouse brain and then triggering the animal 's recall can cause erasure of those , and only those , specific memories , according to research in the most recent issue of the journal Neuron .
While the study was done in mice that were genetically modified to react to the chemical , the results suggest that it might one day be possible to develop a drug for eliminating specific , long - term memories , something that could be a boon for those suffering from debilitating phobias or post - traumatic stress disorder .
For more than two decades , researchers have been studying the chemical - - a protein called alpha - CaM kinase II - - for its role in learning and memory consolidation .
To better understand the protein , a few years ago , Joe Tsien , a neurobiologist at the Medical College of Georgia , in Athens , created a mouse in which he could activate or inhibit sensitivity to alpha -CaM kinase II .
In the most recent results , Tsien found that when the mice recalled long - term memories while the protein was overexpressed in their brains , the combination appeared to selectively delete those memories .
He and his collaborators first put the mice in a chamber where the animals heard a tone , then followed up the tone with a mild shock .
The resulting associations : the chamber is a very bad place , and the tone foretells miserable things .
Then , a month later - - enough time to ensure that the mice 's long - term memory had been consolidated -- the researchers placed the animals in a totally different chamber , overexpressed the protein , and played the tone .
The mice showed no fear of the shock - associated sound .
But these same mice , when placed in the original shock chamber , showed a classic fear response .
Tsien had , in effect , erased one part of the memory ( the one associated with the tone recall ) while leaving the other intact .
" One thing that we 're really intrigued by is that this is a selective erasure , " Tsien says .
" We know that erasure occurred very quickly , and was initiated by the recall itself . "
Tsien notes that while the current methods can't be translated into the clinical setting , the work does identify a potential therapeutic approach .
" Our work demonstrates that it 's feasible to inducibly , selectively erase a memory , " he says .
" The study is quite interesting from a number of points of view , " says Mark Mayford , who studies the molecular basis of memory at the Scripps Research Institute , in La Jolla , CA .
He notes that current treatments for memory " extinction " consist of very long - term therapy , in which patients are asked to recall fearful memories in safe situations , with the hope that the connection between the fear and the memory will gradually weaken .
" But people are very interested in devising a way where you could come up with a drug to expedite a way to do that , " he says .
That kind of treatment could change a memory by scrambling things up just in the neurons that are active during the specific act of the specific recollection .
" That would be a very powerful thing , " Mayford says .
But the puzzle is an incredibly complex one , and getting to that point will take a vast amount of additional research .
" Human memory is so complicated , and we are just barely at the foot of the mountain , " Tsien says .
The Alaska Republican Party is urging voters to continue supporting Sen .
Ted Stevens , despite his conviction yesterday on corruption charges , in order to prevent Democrats from getting a 60 - seat .
filibuster - proof majority in the Senate .
“ Many questions are still left unanswered , but one choice is extremely clear : if Mark Begich wins this election , the state of Alaska will be stuck with a liberal senator for six years , ” the party said in a statement .
“ This will give the Democrats a super majority in the Senate , blocking all filibuster capability from the Republican minority and rubber - stamping the liberal - elite agenda . ”
Stevens has maintained his innocence , and vowed to fight all the charges .
But if Stevens won the election against Democrat Mark Begich and later resigned , there would be a special election within 90 days of his resignation to choose a successor .
Alaska law does n’t allow its governor to appoint a replacement for an open Senate seat – ever since former Sen .
Frank Murkowski drew controversy by picking his daughter , Lisa , to succeed him in the Senate .
UPDATE : The Anchorage Daily News has a handy primer about all the election scenarios .
There 's some controversy over whether Gov. Sarah Palin ( R - Alaska ) would be allowed to appoint an interim senator or whether the seat would remain vacant .
Alaska 's law on senatorial succession was changed twice in 2004 -- once by the Legislature , and once by ballot initiative .
Both laws call for a special election within 60 to 90 days of the vacancy .
But they disagree on whether the governor appoints an interim senator in the meantime .
The Alaska Supreme Court would ultimately have to decide which law the state follows .
comments closed
permalink
This is a general JQuery Autocomplete Form Field for selecting any model instance in your forms .
1 Download jquery .
1.2.6 and the jquery autocomplete plugin http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-autocomplete/, place theme somewhere in your media directory ( in this case {{ MEDIA__URL}} / js /
2 copy fields .py to anywhere in your python - path ( in this case utils . fields )
3 create a view for the ajax request that receives a query and returns a key|value list , and register it in your urls .
py
4 Just Use the fields in any form like in forms .py
Measuring performance
In this second and final installment of our review of the MacBook Pro , we take a look at the machine 's performance .
We focus mainly on graphics and gaming performance , because the new models feature two GPUs from NVIDIA : one integrated graphics processor and one discrete mobile graphics processor .
Read on to see what kind of boost the units give to Apple 's flagship mobile line .
( Just in case you missed it , here 's Part I of the review . )
The CPU of the new MacBooks have not changed considerably from the previous generation .
The only significant change is the option to upgrade your processor to a maximum of a 2.8GHz part .
The previous high - end was a 2.6GHz built - to - order option .
The real strides in performance on the new MacBooks come in the form of a new graphics chipset supporting two different video cards , the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M with 256MB of shared memory and the NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT with 512MB of discrete DDR3 memory .
We ran this laptop through a number of benchmarks and will be comparing it against our previous review units to give all of our Mac-using readers a general idea of how much more power this machine has versus whatever they may be running .
The test machines we ran our benchmarks on are :
MBP ( Late 2008 ) MBP ( Late 2008 ) MBP ( mid 2007 ) MB ( orig . ) MB Air ( orig . ) CPU 2.53GHz " Penryn " 2.53GHz " Penryn " 2.4GHz " Merom " 2.0GHz " Yonah " 1.6GHz " Merom " L2 Cache 6MB 6MB 4MB 2MB 4MB System Bus 1066MHz 1066MHz 800MHz 667MHz 800MHz Graphics NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M , NVIDIA GeForce 8600M GT Intel GMA950 Intel GMA X3100 Video Memory 512MB GDDR3 256MB DDR3 ( shared ) 256MB GDDR3 64MB DDR2 ( shared ) 144MB DDR2 ( shared ) System Memory 4GB DDR3 PC2-8500 4GB DDR3 PC2-8500 2GB DDR2 PC2-5300 512MB DDR2 PC2-5300 2GB DDR2 PC - 5300
But before we start the benches , at the request of our readers , we did a demonstration of how the new MacBook Pro handles Exposé :
GeekBench
GeekBench is a cross- platform benchmarking tool that tests four areas of system performance by running a number of specialized algorithms , CPU ( integer and floating point ) , memory , and stream performance .
Check out PrimateLab's website for a more detailed explanation of what and how GeekBench tests a system .
We ran this battery of tests three times on each system and averaged the results .
We did not run GeekBench under both video card options as this tool does not test graphics performance .
It 's evident that this MacBook Pro is not that much faster than its predecessor as far as the CPU goes .
In our testing using GeekBench , the 2.53GHz , late 2008 model was only about 2.5 % faster than the previous model .
For any real performance gain in this category , the new 2.8GHz model will be your best bet .
For that segment of readers who are currently not using a last generation MacBook Pro , however , there may be significant gains to be had in purchasing this edition .
Those coming from any model of MacBook or MacBook Pro released before the beginning of 2008 will experience noticeable performance gains .
MacBook
Air owners will see improvements for a number of factors and those of you still holding on to your last generation PowerBooks ( we know you 're out there ! ) will have to go buy new socks .
Sens . John McCain and Barack Obama are scheduled for three debates before the election .
Supporters of third - party candidates want to expand the debates to include other voices like Ralph Nader , Cynthia McKinney , and Bob Barr , but critics and debate organizers say that only candidates with a credible shot at winning should be included .
Should third - party candidates be included in the debates ?
Post your thoughts below .
7:55 – Watching CNN .
Was that a transvestite ?
7:59 – Keen anticipation .
It ’s like JM and BO are coming right to my living room !
8:01 – How fake is the format ?
Canned questions culled by Brokaw .
8:02 – I do not agree to be polite and attentive !
8:03 – Alan Shafer :
How to bail out folks ?
BO : Market ran wild , but prosperity did not rain .
Not a bailout .
“ Rescue package . ” Oversight .
No precious metal parachutes .
AIG junket beyond pale .
I bail you out by cutting your taxes , which we will later have to raise to pay for bailout .
8:08 – McCain : Thanks Alan !
We ’re all scared , and I ’ve got a plan !
We ’re sending money to countries do n’t like us and I guess getting nothing in return .
Energy independence !
Got to do something about home values .
We have to make sure that markets prices do n’t adjust .
Government should buy tons of houses , because the government did n’t just commit $ 700 billion .
8:09 - Treasury Sec? McCain : Not Brokaw .
Meg Whitman .
Crisis of confidence because of greed .
8:10 – Obama : Sure , the Oracle of Omaha ’s good .
It ai n’t gonna trickle down .
Wages flat .
You ca n’t save .
Tax cuts , tax cuts , tax cuts , for working Americans .
8:11 – Oliver Clark :
How does bailout help folks out ?
McCain : Not bailout .
Rescue !
It ’s GREED and EXCESS .
I suspended my campaign , sort of , to sort this thing out .
Fannie and Freddie catalyst with the help of BO and his cronies pushing loans on poor folks .
I wanted to fix it , but lobbyists would n’t let me .
Gotta buy all the houses so Americans like Alan can keep his house and dream like an American .
8:13 – Obama : Bailout ?
Credit markets frozen .
Ramifying effects must be halted .
McCain ’s bunk .
It ’s deregulation !
I wrote to Paulson and Bernanke about subprime and nobody did nothing .
I said we need to reregulate .
I never promoted Fannie .
McCain ’s guy lobbied for those guys , but never mind about that , since I ’m too big to mention it .
We ’ve got an antique regulatory structure .
Need to put back early 20th Century laws !
8:17 – Worse before it gets better ?
McCain :
Not if we give people free houses !
Root out corruption !
American workers AMAZING .
Workers collateral damage to financial crisis .
8:19 – Squeeky women :
Are n’t you all to blame .
Obama :
No , no , no .
It ’s GWB and his mate McCain , though no one is completely innocent .
Biggest increases in spending and debt in history .
I ’m gonna reform health care , which wo n’t cost anything .
Ca n’t keep borrowing from slants to spend on the ragheads .
Lobbyists , special interests .
Blah .
8:21 – McCain : I can see why you ’re cynical .
I ’m a Maverick reformer .
Look at records , not just rhetoric .
Look at CAGW or NTU websites and you ’ll see BO a liberal bigspender .
BO wants 860 bills in new spending .
They guy will vote for anything as long as it spends your money .
Overhead projectors for planetariums .
Is that what you want ?
Led Zep fans ?
Foreign oil obviously has everything to do with everything .
8:23 – Prioritize ! McCain .
Let ’s do it all .
Straight talk !
Ca n’t afford entitlements .
I know how to reach across the aisle .
Jobs with Nukes !
Earth , Wind , Fire !
You ’re complicit in terrorism by driving your kid to soccer practice .
Everything is a national security obective !
8:25 – Obama : 1 . Energy .
I looked at gas prices here in Nashville .
People other than us benefit from higher oil prices , which is outrageous .
Completely retarded energy independence objectives like putting a man on the moon , which was pretty retarded when you think about it .
Sure , look at our records .
I want line item to eliminate spending on the two things I do n’t want to spend money on .
McCain wants to cut taxes for business , which include evil oil companies .
8:28 – What sacrfices will you ask of Americans ?
McCain : Cut some programs .
It might hurt .
But damn it , we have to do it .
Freeze spending , except defense , VA , entitlements , and buying every house in America .
We are n’t rifle shots .
We ’re Americans !
We ’ll work together to do things without prioritizing them .
8:30 – Obama : Perhaps you have heard of something called 9/11 ?
Shopping not enough of a life consuming state - centered sacrifice .
Let ’s think harder about how we use energy .
Holy god there is nothing more important than not trading with foreigners for energy .
Double the Peace Corps , so we can renew America , because there is no non-state way to do that .
8:33 – How drunk were we on debt ?
Obama :
Here in Washington , we ’ve got to set an example .
Which is why I supported the $ 700 billion bailout plan .
Earmarks mean NOTHING .
Taxes on CEOs is how we help execs “ share the burden . ”
If people make more than you , its not fair for you to have to tighten your belt .
We ’ll all make sacrifices , especially CEOs .
8:35 – McCain : Obama ’s plans like nailing jello to wall .
He ’s like Herbert Hoover and practices protectionism !
Obama gonna stick it to small businesses .
No tax increases .
I ’m not for the wealthy .
I want to double your exemption .
Refundable tax credit for health care .
Hey , let ’s create jobs and NOT raise taxes .
8:37 – Unfunded entitlement liabilities .
Would you give a date to reform SS and Medicare ?
Obama :
Hell no .
But quickly .
Maybe first term .
Probably not .
We ca n’t solve entitlements without taxes .
Straight talk express lost a wheel !
I will cut taxes for everyone other than the despicable wealthy .
I wo n’t ding small biz .
Will help with health .
McCain wants to improve American business climate , which is totally unfair .
If we reverse last 8 years , we ’ll be in a position to do absolutely anything .
8:40 – McCain : Fixin ’ SS is easy !
Saw Gipper and Tip do it .
Medicare tougher .
It ’s complex , unlike SS .
We need a commission , then up or down vote , so filthy lobbyists ca n’t touch it .
Rhetoric vs. record .
Obama raises taxes on anything that moves .
Our best days are ahead of us !
8:43 – What you do to make Congress move fast on climate change and green jobs .
McCain : Never forget American struggle in tough times .
Ca n’t hand our kids a broke Earth .
Me and Joe tried to vote salvation for Earth , but we lost .
If only we had nuclear power Indians would not weep .
The French do it !
America ’s the best !
We can do anything !
8:45 – Obama :
One of the biggest challenges , and also an opportunity .
We can centrally plan green economy into prosperity .
Like computer !
Which was created by government scientists !
This is a national security issue too , like making computers .
And I like nukes , too .
We ’ve got to try hard enough .
Need to do more than drilling .
OK .
This thing is either vacuous or completely infuriating .
I give up - ish .
This is inane .
I hate politics .
8:47 – Massive Manhattan project or subsidize tons of little projects ?
McCain : Some subsidies , then turn over to private sector . …
8:50 – Should health care be a commodity ?
YES .
YES IT SHOULD BE , BECAUSE EVERYTHING THAT IS TREATED LIKE ONE IS GOOD , AND CHEAP .
Obama : Moral imperative that we do something .
Here ’s my plan .
I ’ll make it cheaper for you .
More free lunches .
No insurance ?
You got it !
McCain hates sick people , because his plan makes sense .
8:53 – McCain : Online records , improve efficiencies .
Obama is all like “ government this government that . ”
Obama will fine you if you do n’t get insurance .
I ’ll give you tax credit you can take anywhere .
Arizona might be better than Tennessee , Tennesseans .
I need a hair transplant .
We need choice , not mandates .
Of course , of course .
8:55 – Health : Privelege right or responsibility ?
McCain : Responsibility .
No gov’t mandates .
We all understand that .
Obama wants to ram his plan down your throat .
8:56 – Obama : Right !
When we ’re this wealthy , the idea that sick people should have to not spend other people ’s money is an outrage .
Mandate wo n’t hurt that much .
It ’s for your own good .
McCain does n’t give a crap for kids because giving a crap for anything means voting to give them things .
It ’s true that I think its important that …
It ’s a problem to shop around because there might be a competitive environment .
So we need to make sure there ’s no competition so that there is mediocre homogeneity .
8:59 – How does all the economic stress affect our ability to wage war ?
McCain : America is greatest force for good in history of universe forever .
We shed our blood everywhere .
The question of when to kill people needs to be left soldiers like me .
Our wars are awesome because we ’re a nation of good .
Obama wrong about surge .
Wrong about Russia and Georgia .
He does n’t know his ass from his elbow .
9:01 – Obama : I do n’t understand ?
I do n’t understand why we attacked Iraq .
Troops are AMAZING but the stupid war is immensely expensive .
You a budget hawk McCain ?
Really ?
Please .
9:03 – McCain doctrine and Obama doctrine for use of force in humanitarian situations : Obama :
There might be moral issues at stake .
Surely we should stop Holocaust .
Rwanda .
Standing idly by diminishes us .
Basically , I have no principle .
I leave it at the discretion of my evolved moral intuition .
9:04 – McCain : Obama got Iraq ALL WRONG .
I will not LOSE , like Obama .
We should do whatever we can to help whenever we can .
I have no principle for intervention either .
Needs a cool hand at the tiller .
Needs expert judgment like mine .
We ’re sending our kids to get killed after all !
We better make it good .
9:08 – Should we respect Pakistani sovereignty ?
Obama : Basically , no .
I will tear bin Laden ’s throat out with my own teeth .
9:11 – McCain : I love Teddy Ruxpin .
Talk softly , walk softly , big stick .
Obama is saber rattling .
This guy is a TOTAL amateur desperate to look tough .
Relations with Pakistan crucial , we need their support , and here ’s Obama acting like a crazed warmonger .
I ’ve been to Waziristan .
Get folks on our side , not threaten to kill them .
Need to talk softly , and then kill people if we need to .
9:13 – Obama : I do n’t want to invade Pakistan .
If they wo n’t draw and quarter bin Laden , I sure as hell will .
With my bare freaking hands .
McCain acting “ somber and responsible ” is a joke .
9:14 – McCain : BS !
I was joking with an old vet about Iran .
Like soldiers like me do .
I ’ll git bin Laden .
I ’m just cagier than this bigmouth tenderfoot .
I fell asleep .
9:19 : How can we do something about Russia without new cold war ?
McCain : Russia behaving badly .
Putin a nasty dude .
Ukraine is in his sights .
Need to get them into NATO so we ’re bound to attack if they are .
9:21 – Obama : Resurgence of Russia one of the central issues word words .
We ’ve got to see around corners .
I have a crystal ball .
We should n’t give them petrdollars .
Evil empire ?
Acting evil !
9:24 – McCain : Evil ?
Maybe . US of A firm and determined .
Winston urinated on the floor , articulately capturing my feelings for our presidential candidates .
9:25 – Terry Sherry : I was in Navy .
If Iran attacked Israel , would you wait on UN to attack .
McCain : No . If Iran gets nukes , everybody will want them .
How would you feel if somebody called you a stinking corpse ?
would you talk to them without preconditions ?
We need a League of Democracies to freeze budget and buy mortgages and stop a new holocaust .
9:27 – Obama : Iran ca n’t get nukes .
But let ’s talk about it .
9:29 – What do n’t you know and how will you learn it ?
Obama : Michelle could give you a long list .
I ask Michelle !
This country gave me opportunity .
Grandma scrimpin and food stamps , put me through best schools and allowed me to succeed .
We gonna pass on the dream or not .
I ’m in my big finish wind up and am going to ignore the “ zenlike ” question .
Fundamental change .
I ’m hopeful .
I totally owned this debate .
See you all in January .
9:31 – McCain :
What I do n’t know is what ’s going to happen .
Americans hurting .
New and different challenges .
Some Americans are idiots about geography .
I know what it ’s like in dark times and keep hope .
I know what it ’s like to not be able to talk .
I believe in America .
I believe , believe , believe .
Please people , give me a chance .
I EARNED it .
Do n’t stand in front of Brokaw ’s teleprompter !
Gut read .
Obama owned it .
This election ’s over unless he murders and eats the flesh of a child on live television .
When it comes to holidays , there are few that white people like more than Halloween .
This is in spite of the fact that white people are required to spend almost the entire year preparing for it .
But unlike Thanksgiving or Christmas , the preparation requires little emotional labor .
Though it does require extensive physical and mental labor along with a fair amount of research thrown in for good measure .
Halloween is so important to white people because they have to wear a costume .
It is a chance to literally show everyone how clever you are without having to say a word .
This makes it especially important to single white people as one well thought out costume could produce enough romantic interest to last through the winter .
For this reason any white Halloween Party is less of a celebration than it is a contest .
And as with any contest , there are a lot of rules .
The first thing you need to know that white people are the only people on the planet who will dress up as a concept .
So while your initial thoughts about a costume might be “ cowboy , ” “ policeman , ” or “ Count Dracula , ” white people are more likely to think “ math , ” “ the economy , ” or “ Post - Modernism . ”
Dressing up as a concept is always a major gamble .
On one hand , there is the chance that you nail it just right and everyone in the room will recognize how you not only cleverly interpreted the idea but also executed it perfectly in physical form .
If you get it wrong , you will be required to spend the entire night explaining yourself .
Then again , it is a good way to get white people to talk to you .
Things do not get any easier if you try to dress up like a character from a movie .
If you show up dressed as Austin Powers or Napoleon Dynamite you will be met with near - universal scorn .
You see , you need to find a character from a movie that enough people recognize but not one that ’s so well known that makes it easy to find the materials required to create the costume .
That being said it ’s a good idea to draw inspiration from older movies or television shows , specifically ones from the 1980s .
Some popular examples are : Pee Wee Herman , the skeleton costumes from Cobra Kai , or Marty McFly .
Depending on your race and gender , this could be your opportunity to become the alpha dog among your white friends .
You see , the only thing white people like more than costumes are group costumes .
So if you are an asian male of any background , suggest to your white male friends that you all dress up as The Goonies .
If you are a black female , offer to play the role of TOOTIE and go as the Facts of Life .
Being a black male is considerably tougher , but if you are short enough the role of Webster could be right for you in an ensemble cast .
Sadly , if you do not fall into one of these categories your opportunity for a group costume is limited since there are no recorded instances of white people befriending asian women , latinos , Indians , or any other race during the 1980s .
Last , but certainly not least are white people who dress up as characters from books that have not been made into movies .
“ I’m Esther Greenwood . ”
“ Who ’s that ? ”
“ Um , from The Bell Jar , hello ? ”
“ I ’m sad too . ”
These people are unlikely to be recognized as their characters , but are highly recognized as being smart .
If you can not pull off a group costume , this is your best bet .
Just pick ANY author who shares your heritage , find a character who matches your age and sex and remember their name .
Then show up in regular clothes .
This also allows you to make the awesome joke “ Oh , you ca n’t tell ?
I ’m dressed up as a Sri Lankan woman .
It ’s me , Matt . ” ( substitute race / sex as appropriate ) .
White people will find this hilarious , unless there is another non-white person at the part making the same jokes .
You should also be prepared for the inevitability of running into a white person in an offensive costume .
It is a certainty that any Halloween party will have at least one white guy dressed up as a recently ( and preferably tragically ) deceased or wounded celebrity .
Past examples include Steve Irwin costumes with a sting ray protruding from the chest , Roy ( of Sigfried and Roy ) with a stuffed tiger attached to the neck , and this year you are likely to see at least one white person dressed up as Heath Ledger .
With this information , you should have no problem fitting right in at a white halloween party .
But do n’t try too hard at your costume , white people hate being upstaged .
Natalie Portman and Rashida Jones present a solution to the global economic crisis .
We 're pretty much buying anything Portman wants to sell us , even if her approach is a little unorthodox .
And this plan probably has as much chance of working as anything else we 've tried .
See more Natalie Portman videos at Funny or Die
English heroes of Agincourt ?
They are just war criminals ( say the French )
To Shakespeare , it was the moment a feckless youth turned into a great king , leading his army to victory against seemingly impossible odds .
But French academics have a very different view of the Battle of Agincourt - claiming that English soldiers acted like ' war criminals ' .
They also accuse King Henry V of giving his permission for captives to be burnt to death and ordering his bodyguards to execute a noble who had surrendered .
Romantic view of history ?
Kenneth Branagh playing Henry V in a film of Shakespeare 's play in which he leads his army to victory against impossible odds
The battle - part of the Hundred Years War - has become a byword for English heroism in the face of insurmountable odds .
But nearly 600 years later , historians will tell a conference at the Medieval History Museum in Agincourt that the stories that Henry 's troops were hugely outnumbered are a lie .
The museum 's director , distinguished French historian Christophe Gilliot , said : ' There 's been a distortion of the facts and this conference will attempt to set the record straight .
Brave or brutal ?
An illustration of the Battle of Agincourt in 1415 in which the English were always thought to have been hugely outnumbered - but French academics claim they in fact acted like war criminals
' We have historians arriving from all over France , and all will produce hard facts concerning the battle .
Inspired leader : A portrait of Henry V
' At the very least the English forces acted dishonourably .
The Middle Ages were a very violent time , of course , but some might accuse the English of acting like what might now be called war criminals . '
The Battle of Agincourt was immortalised by Shakespeare and is the centrepiece of his play Henry V .
It took place on Friday , October 25 in 1415 after a force led by Henry engaged the French at Agincourt , a small village not far from Calais in northern France .
The traditional story is that the English army , made up mainly of archers using longbows , massacred a vast force of French noblemen .
But detailed bureaucratic records from the army of the French king , Charles VI , reveal it was made up of 9,000 travelling soldiers , perhaps with another 3,000 local troops .
This compares with a total force of 12,000 which travelled to France with Henry - although 3,000 were lost during the preceding siege of Harfleur .
English chroniclers writing in the years following the battle wrongly claimed that there were as many as 150,000 French , compared with 6,000 English soldiers .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , no English academics have been invited to today 's conference in France .
But Professor Anne Curry , a military historian from Southampton University , admitted that many accounts of the battle have been exaggerated to give the impression of ' plucky little England against the evil French ' .
Although Henry triumphed at Agincourt , he never succeeded in his ultimate aim - taking the French throne .
Police Clamp Down on Jaywalking Offenders
Should jaywalking be a crime worthy of public humiliation ?
In Shanghai it would seem a debate of formidable proportions .
It will now be common practice in Shanghai for the police to post photos and videos of jaywalkers in newspapers and on television !
According to news sources , this represents an attempt to bring public shame upon jaywalking offenders in the hopes of preventing them from breaking traffic rules in the future .
The Shanghai Daily stated that offending pedestrians , moped riders and cyclists will be photographed at selected city intersections and their images then posted on television programs especially set up by the police .
Lawyers have protested this steep punishment and have threatened defamation lawsuits , but so far , none have been initiated .
One local lawyer , Liu Chunquan , told the press :
“ It ’s a principle of law that a penalty should match the seriousness of the crime . ”
It would appear that jaywalking is more than a crime ; it is a way of life in many Chinese cities .
In Shanghai alone , traffic police recorded 7.78 million jaywalking violations in the first eight months of 2008 .
What ’s next ?
The execution of jaywalkers who still refuse to stop ?
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Earth Day serves as our annual reminder to be more conscious of the environmental impacts of our everyday habits .
While some may resist going green because of the cost , others know being eco-minded actually saves a lot of green , too .
Switching to CFLs , line - drying our laundry and switching to reusable grocery bags are common tips this time of year .
In honor of Earth Day on April 22 , consider these 10 unique ideas for saving money and the environment .
1. Make Your Own Cooking Spray
Commercial cooking sprays are not only bad for your health — they contain additives and genetically - modified ingredients — they ’re also bad for the environment .
Many sprays contain nitrous oxide , the largest ozone - depleting substance emitted through human activity according to ScienceDaily.com .
Create your own cooking spray using a refillable pump - spray bottle containing your preferred cooking oil .
Not only will this save our planet and your health , but it will keep some extra dollars in your pocket as well .
2. Buy Refurbished Ink
On average , 375 million ink cartridges are tossed into landfills each year .
This statistic is especially bothersome when 97 percent of materials contained in an ink cartridge can be reused or recycled .
Instead of buying new printer ink , reduce your waste and find the best price on refurbished or remanufactured cartridges by using InkjetWilly.com .
3. Swap Plastic Bags for Reusable
The U.S. alone adds 20 million plastic baggies to landfills every single day .
SnackTaxi is among several companies trying to combat this waste by offering reusable snack sacks and sandwich sacks .
So far , their mission has helped keep over seven million plastic baggies out of water streams , which equates to about 430,000 pounds .
In addition to keeping our waterways clean , these bags are dishwasher safe and can be used again and again .
4. Use Vinegar and Baking Soda to Clean Toilets
The toilet is one of the dirtiest surfaces in our homes , and killing bacteria with bleach and other harsh chemicals is typically the go - to solution .
However , flushing these toxic substances into our waterways has grave environmental impacts .
Consider swapping manufactured cleaner for natural household items to get the job done just as well .
Pour a cup of vinegar into the toilet bowl and let sit for one hour .
Dip the toilet brush into the bowl , sprinkle with one - half cup baking soda and scrub until clean .
5. Consider Alternative Uses for Lemons
Among the basic cooking ingredients , lemons are one of the most commonly used flavoring agents after salt and pepper .
Additionally , lemons are a natural cleanser , helping to cut grease on dirty dishes and clean countertops when mixed with water .
You can even use lemon juice to keep creepy crawlers from invading your house !
Check out this complete list of green uses for yellow lemons , and stock up on one of nature ’s most useful creations .
6. Repurpose Greeting Cards
From birthdays to holidays to other special occasions , Americans buy roughly 6.5 billion greeting cards annually .
At between $ 2 and $ 4 a pop , this represents an enormous expenditure by consumers .
In addition to sending evites and other digital well - wishes , you can reuse the paper greeting cards you receive during the year .
Simply remove the personal message and retain the decorative part to be used as a postcard greeting .
7. Close Those Blinds
Warm weather has already arrived in some parts of the country , and is just around the corner for the rest .
Since heating and cooling take up most of the energy use detailed on our utility bills , finding alternative ways to keep your home comfortable is paramount .
Simply closing your blinds can help mitigate the warming effects of the sun , since 40 percent of unwanted heat comes through windows .
8. Try Cloth Instead of Paper
According to an article in Living Green Magazine , it takes 51,000 trees to produce the number of paper towels used in a 24 - hour period .
Since paper towels cannot be recycled or composted , they contribute heavily to the 40 - percent ratio of paper products in our landfills .
At an average of $ 1 per roll , you can save money and the environment by switching to cloth napkins , sponges and other reusable methods of cleanup .
9. Make Your Garden Native
It ’s only April and yet several parts of the country are already putting restrictions on residential water use in anticipation of a record - setting drought .
Instead of watching your plants wither in the hot sun , take this opportunity to revitalize your garden with native plants .
Check with your local nursery about the best plants for your region and watch your garden thrive as your water bill plummets .
10 . Recycle Your Cell Phone
On average , cell phone users upgrade their devices every 18 months .
An estimated 140 million phones ended up in the landfill in 2012 , and currently only 10 percent of all cell phones are recycled .
This information is especially troubling since cell phones contain such toxic chemicals as lead , lithium and cadmium .
Do n’t toss your old device ; instead , donate it to a charity like Cell Phones for Soldiers , which receives proceeds in exchange for recycling it .
Feel free to share ’ 10 Ways to Celebrate Earth Day & Save Money ’ with your audience , giving proper attribution to the source .
###
Andrea Woroch is a nationally - recognized consumer and money - saving expert who helps consumers live on less without radically changing their lifestyles .
From smart spending tips to personal finance advice , Andrea transforms everyday consumers into savvy shoppers .
She has been featured among top news outlets such as Good Morning America , NBC ’s Today , MSNBC , New York Times , Kiplinger Personal Finance , CNNMoney and many more .
You can follow her on Twitter for daily savings advice and tips .
For all media inquiries , please contact Andrea Woroch at 970-672-6085 or email andrea@andreaworoch.com .
When will Yahoo ( YHOO ) finally drop the axe on 10 % of its workforce ?
" We want to do it before the holidays , " Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang told BoomTown 's Kara Swisher during a phone interview .
Til then , Jerry says he 's planning several long nights of the soul :
We have consolidation and organizational corrections to make .
In the long term , we will look at our whole portfolio and are now asking ourselves in each case if we need to be in this business .
We ’re asking ourselves –should we sell it or should we shut it down ?
We 're glad to hear Jerry sounds so ready to make hard decisions .
But fool me once , shame on ...
Unfortunately , Jerry 's talk sounds too much like his failed " no sacred cows " quest of 2007 for us to get too excited about Yahoo finally getting back on the right track .
For example , we think Yahoo should sell the whole ad network business and focus on selling its own inventory , but given all the acquisitions it has made over the past two years , this seems unlikely .
See Also :
Yahoos Sweat : Will We Get That Same Fat Microsoft Severance ?
Yahoo Firings In Perspective : Company Shrinking To Q2 Size
It did n't take the gears of justice long to churn over this one : criminal charges against a biker who found himself on wrong side of a " cops gone wild " video were dismissed by a New York judge .
The biker , riding in a " Critical Mass " protest in July , was leveled by a NYC cop for no apparent reason as he rode through Times Square .
Amazingly , Hoboken , NJ resident Christopher Long was still carted off to jail and charged with resisting arrest .
The incident was caught on tape , and uploaded to YouTube where it has been viewed more than 1.5 million times .
The rookie cop in question , Patrick Pogan , was stripped of his badge and gun and assigned to desk duty while the NYPD investigates .
See Also :
CrimeTube : NYPD Assembling Its Own Video Site
YouTube Crackdown On Sexy Videos Sweeps Up Illumistream
YouTube Payola : Is Anyone Paying For Views ?
Castle Run
Jump on platforms , collect coins and avoid all sorts of enemies as you make your through the castle .
Use the arrow keys to move your squirrel .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Found on page 41 of today ’s New York Daily News page along with a syndicated column by the arch - conservative Charles Krauthammer which , while attacking Obama ’s character through all sorts of sleazy techniques , cannot deny that “ Obama is a man of first - class intellect and first - class temperament . ”
( Remember – Krauthammer is the guy who approvingly claims McCain wants to “ kill the United Nations . ” )
Related articles
Like Loading ...
Here you 'll find the know - how on everything from blisters to alpine peak bagging , powered by the teams behind Trail and Country Walking magazines , and the outdoor world 's most experienced minds ...
At the opening of last night 's The Daily Show , when Jon Stewart made an ( intentionally ) awful joke about spotted dick in honour of the programme 's British guest , you could imagine Tony Blair sitting in the green room , suddenly thinking he'd made a terrible , terrible mistake in agreeing to appear .
He had n't , though .
It 's true that Stewart is an outspoken critic of the Iraq war , the defining event of Blair 's premiership , and the format of his influential show allows him to sting with mockery and false chumminess ; the live studio audience , meanwhile , has definitely been known to boo .
But Blair , or his advisers , had read the state of debate on Iraq in the US correctly : by showing up at all , he 'd already shot past the war 's American architects in Stewart 's estimation .
And by repeatedly stressing that he accepted the right of others to take a different position —
" I never took the view that people who disagreed with it were stupid or had bad intentions , " he said — he guaranteed his warm reception .
At one point , after making an anti-war point , Stewart seemed embarrassed by the volume of the audience 's cheering .
( " I just want to tell you , " he told Blair , in a stage whisper , " the tickets are free " . )
The former prime minister exploited a flaw in The Daily Show concept , too : answer a difficult question earnestly , even boringly , and you can be sure that Stewart will be forced to change the subject sooner , in order to keep things funny .
Blair had barely begun to explain his relationship with George Bush when Stewart chipped in : " Did [ Bush ] understand the time difference ?
Or would he call you up , and it would be four in the morning , and he'd be , like , ' Tony , you gotta turn on Channel Four !
There 's a snake eating an egg ! "
It was one of the evening 's funniest lines — almost all of the funny lines came from Stewart , of course — but it also stopped a potentially valuable line of questioning .
By the end , Stewart had all but lost the will to question Blair 's argument that the Iraq war was vital in combating terrorism around the world .
" Look , this is going to take us all night , and it 's not pleasant , " he said .
" You know , here 's the thing I want to tell you : I 'm delighted to even get an opportunity to talk to you , and I appreciate your patience — even discussing all this with me , because I think it 's very kind of you ...
Something I appreciate is , I live in this country , and I 've asked our president to actually , many , many times come and explain this to me , and he does n't feel like it . "
" Do you want me to speak to him about it ? "
Blair replied , making his first real joke of the night .
And everyone laughed and cheered , and the two men shook hands , and that was that .
It was all a bit underwhelming .
But perhaps it says something good about the Daily Show — or bad about the rest of the American television news media — that anyone might ever have expected a comedy talkshow to penetrate deeply into a topic such as Blair 's motivations for going to war in Iraq .
• Watch the show air in the UK on More4 tonight at 8.30 pm .
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Future climatic conditions could be too variable for many current crops A global search has begun for food crops with traits that are able to withstand changes to the climate .
The project , co-ordinated by the Global Crop Diversity Trust , is searching national seed banks for " climate proof " varieties , including maize and rice .
The team will screen seeds for natural resistance to extreme events , such as floods , droughts or temperature swings .
They hope the strains will help protect food production from the impacts of climate change .
The trust says a lack of readily available and accurate material severely hinders plant breeders ' efforts to identify material that can be used to develop crop varieties that will cope with future conditions .
" Our crops must produce more food , on the same amount of land , with less water , and more expensive energy , " explained the trust 's executive director , Cary Fowler .
" There is no possible scenario in which we can continue to grow food we require without crop diversity . "
The $ 1.5 m ( £ 750,000 ) scheme will provide grants for projects that will screen developing nations ' seed collections .
Open acccess
The gene hunt is the latest stage in the organisation 's ongoing process of conserving the diversity of the world 's food crops .
The team will screen developing nations ' collections of major food crops
Over the past few years , it has convened a series of meetings that brought together leading experts for each of the main food crops , such as wheat , rice , lentils and maize .
Each meeting was set the task of identifying the best conservation strategy for each of the crops .
" The experts have , among other things , helped us identify which are the most important seed collections in terms of genetic diversity , " Mr Fowler told BBC News .
" This has provided us with the scientific foundation for almost everything else we do . "
The information has helped the trust , which is also responsible for the " Doomsday seed vault " in the Arctic , pinpoint the exact characteristics needed to ensure that crops have the best chance of thriving in the future .
Mr Fowler said one example was whether a plant displayed a good degree of heat resistance during its flowering period .
This was a time when a plant would be experiencing increased stress , he said , yet very little data had been gathered on this part of the organisms ' lifecycles .
Over the next 12 - 24 months , the project 's researchers hope to build up a comprehensive profile of the various " climate - proof " traits and in which crops they are found .
" Then it is a matter of getting these varieties containing those valuable traits into breeding programmes , " Mr Fowler explained .
He added that all the data would be made available to everyone - both public and private organisations - in an online database .
" Plant breeders will be able to go online and type their search criteria , then up pops the details of the samples that match the breeders ' requirements , such as drought tolerance or heat resistance . "
Developing crops that will be able to produce higher yields and cope with climate change is one avenue that is also being explored by the biotechnology sector .
Campaigners in favour of genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) hope that developments in this area will lessen public opposition to GM food .
When asked whether he was concerned that the information gathered by the trust could be used to produce commercial GM crops , Mr Fowler said : " We do n't have a horse in that race .
" Agriculture is facing a lot of challenges , and diversity holds a lot of the keys to meeting those challenges .
" I wish I had a crystal ball good enough to see what agriculture is going to need 100 years or 500 years from now , but I do n't .
" All I would say is that the people involved in fighting the pro-GMO or anti-GMO battle do n't have that crystal ball either - the best we can do is conserve all the options . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
What odds would you lay that Uncle Sam is going to be a deadbeat ?
Until a few weeks ago , that sounded like a ludicrous question .
And even amidst bailout insanity , the market has shown that the vast majority of investors still hold the view that U.S.
Treasury bonds are the safest of safe havens , the kind of investment you 'd bring into your bunker in the event of a nuclear attack .
But a few skeptics are willing to put their money where their doubts are .
One day after the failure to pass a Wall Street bailout plan sent the bond market into convulsions , skittishness about Uncle Sam 's prospects was felt in the market for credit default swaps , insurance - like contracts in which buyers pay a premium and sellers agree to compensate them in the event of a specified event - most often the default of a bond .
In New York trading Tuesday , prices rose to a record 31.3 basis points ( each basis point is 1/100 of a percentage point ) to " insure " Treasury debt , compared to as little as 7.5 basis points in January , according to information provided by CMA DataVision .
In other words , it would 've cost you $ 7,500 per year to protect $ 10 million in Treasury bonds in January - but $ 31,300 today .
Of course , even the latter figure remains negligible compared to , say , the $ 2 million up front - plus $ 500,000 per year - that you would have needed to pay for the same amount of default swap protection on Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) bonds when the firm was under fire two weeks ago .
But the increase is telling nonetheless .
A wild market
Credit default swaps are a wild , unregulated market - see " The $ 55 Trillion Question " - in which participants make bets on the failure of corporate bonds , municipal bonds and , yes , U.S. government bonds .
Default swaps on U.S. bonds have been bought and sold for at least four years , says Simon Mott of CMA DataVision .
But the market is still little known .
One prominent trader in U.S. debt , when asked about swaps on Treasurys , expressed surprise and started asking co-workers , " Did you guys know that there are credit default swaps on U.S. bonds " ?
( The other traders seemed to know , though one could be heard saying " it 's the biggest joke " in the background . )
U.S. government issues are not the only sovereign debt covered by swaps .
Large banks such as JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) will match swap buyers and sellers for , say , U.K. debt or Icelandic government bonds .
Prices on U.S. government swaps may have peaked - at least for a day or two .
The underlying market for U.S. bonds seemed to be stabilizing Tuesday , according to Tom di Galoma , the head of U.S. Treasurys trading at Jefferies & Co. , as investors began anticipating that the government will provide some form of relief for the holders of toxic mortgage debt would pass .
" We 've seen the low in yields , " di Galoma says .
" Who else can go out of business at this point ? "
Of course , if the past month has taught investors anything , it 's how unsettling the answer to that question can be .
But the U.S. failing to make its payments ?
Now that would be a shocker ( yes , a Moody 's spokesman confirms that it re-affirmed the U.S. government 's AAA rating last week ) .
And if it did , the swap player who bet the right way may not feel much like celebrating .
This view of a full moon was photographed by an Expedition 14 crewmember onboard the International Space Station .
Earth 's horizon and airglow is visible at left .
As the full moon rises this Wednesday evening , June 18 , many people will be fooled into thinking it 's unusually large .
The moon illusion , as it's known , is a trick in our minds that makes the moon seem bigger when it 's near the horizon .
The effect is most pronounced at full moon .
Many people swear it 's real , suggesting that perhaps Earth 's atmosphere magnifies the moon .
But it really is all in our minds .
The moon is not bigger at the horizon than when overhead .
The illusion will be particularly noticeable at this " solstice moon , " coming just two days before summer starts in the Northern Hemisphere .
The reason , according to NASA , lies in lunar mechanics :
The sun and full moon are like kids on a see - saw ; when one is high , the other is low .
This week 's high solstice sun gives us a low , horizon - hugging moon and a strong , long - lasting version of the illusion .
If it 's any consolation , space station astronauts report the same effect .
Here 's how it works :
Your mind believes things on the horizon are farther away than things overhead , because you are used to seeing clouds just a few miles above , but the clouds on the horizon can indeed be hundreds of miles away .
So if we think something ( such as the moon ) is farther away , and it 's not , then it seems larger .
If you remain doubtful , test the idea yourself .
Go out at moonrise with a small object , perhaps a pencil eraser .
Hold it at arm 's length as the moon rises and compare the sizes of the moon and the eraser , then repeat the experiment an hour or two later when the moon is high in the sky .
A rolled up tube of paper works well , too .
Moonrise times vary by location .
On Wednesday , it will come up at these local times at these locations , according to NASA : New York City , 8:58 p.m. ; Miami , 8:35 p.m. ; Seattle , 9:51 p.m .
The moon rises about 50 minutes earlier Tuesday night , when the effect will also be noticeable because the moon will be nearly full .
Oh , and that raises another fallacy :
There 's no such thing as a full moon .
Additional moonrise times for your location are available from the U.S. Naval Observatory Web site .
WASHINGTON  The Justice Department made public on Friday a plan to expand the tools the Federal Bureau of Investigation can use to investigate suspicions of terrorism inside the United States , even without any direct evidence of wrongdoing .
Justice Department officials said the plan , which is likely to be completed by the end of the month despite criticism from civil rights advocates , is intended to allow F.B.I. agents to be more aggressive and pre-emptive in assessing possible threats to national security .
It would allow an agent , for instance , to pursue an anonymous tip about terrorism by conducting an undercover interview or watching someone in a public place .
Such steps are now prohibited unless there is more specific evidence of wrongdoing .
The plan is the latest in a series of steps by the Bush administration to extend key aspects of its counterterrorism strategy beyond the end of President Bush ’s tenure .
An executive order from Mr. Bush in August rewrote the rules for the nation ’s 16 spy agencies , and an administration legislative proposal before Congress would reaffirm that the country “ remains engaged in an armed conflict with Al Qaeda . ”
A team of 40 surgeons and nurses working in two operating rooms removed the arms from the donor , who had died only hours before , and transplanted them to mr Merk , who had only been left with small stumps just below his shoulders following his amputations .
Mr de Baca said he was referring to the older generation of Hispanics
A Republican official in the US has resigned over comments he made to the BBC that " Hispanics consider themselves above blacks " .
Fernando de Baca , the chairman of the Republican Party in Bernalillo County , New Mexico , also said Hispanics " wo n't vote for a black president " .
Mr de Baca spoke last week but resisted calls from his own party to resign , saying he was quoted out of context .
He said he decided to step down because of the " media circus " that developed .
Mr de Baca had been approached by the BBC's Jon Kelly for comments on the presidential election campaign at the New Mexico State Fair in Albuquerque , part of Bernalillo County .
He was explaining why he thought John McCain would do well in the state , which has large population of Hispanics .
" The truth is that Hispanics came here as conquerors .
African - Americans came here as slaves . "
He said the Latino emphasis on hard work and family values and the Catholic Church 's opposition to abortion made the community naturally conservative .
The remarks appeared on the BBC News website on its Talking America blog .
After calls grew for his resignation , he said the comments were taken out of context and that he was referring to views held by the older generation of Hispanics .
" Snippets were used to try and embarrass me , " Mr de Baca , 70 , told the Associated Press ( AP ) news agency .
He said a " media circus " had developed that was obscuring the election issues .
" It 's time to step aside and let the candidates and the political races that are so important to this country and democracy be placed in focus , " he told AP .
RADIO DAZE ….
In 2001 , then - State Sen . Barack Obama participated in a radio discussion on civil rights , the judiciary , and economics .
The McCain campaign , Fox News , and Drudge have been apoplectic today , insisting that Obama ’s on - air comments are shocking and scandalous .
I checked it out , expecting something fairly damaging , but found the whole thing rather anti-climactic .
Obama was clearly wearing his professorial hat during the interview , talking about “ redistributive change , ” but to hear the McCain / FNC / Drudge troika tell it , Obama was practically reading from the Communist Manifesto .
Not only are Republicans wrong about this manufactured outrage , they actually have the story backwards .
Obama in that interview said , “ If you look at the victories and failures of the civil rights movement , and its litigation strategy in the court , I think where it succeeded was to vest formal rights in previously dispossessed peoples , so that I would now have the right to vote , I would now be able to sit at a lunch counter and order and as long as I could pay for it I ’d be okay . ”
“ But , ” Obama said , “ The Supreme Court never ventured into the issues of redistribution of wealth and sort of more basic issues of political and economic justice in this society .
And to that extent as radical as I think people tried to characterize the Warren Court , it was n’t that radical .
It did n’t break free from the essential constraints that were placed by the founding fathers in the Constitution , as least as it ’s been interpreted , and Warren Court interpreted in the same way that generally the Constitution is a charter of negative liberties , says what the states ca n’t do to you , says what the federal government can’t do to you , but it does n’t say what the federal government or the state government must do on your behalf .
And that has n’t shifted . ”
Obama said “ one of the , I think , the tragedies of the civil rights movement , was because the civil rights movement became so court focused , I think that there was a tendency to lose track of the political and community organizing activities on the ground that are able to put together the actual coalitions of power through which you bring about redistributive change , and in some ways we still suffer from that . ”
When a caller inquired about whether the courts are the appropriate mechanism for socio-economic progress , Obama said remedies should come through legislation , not the judiciary .
Now , I ’ve let my subscription lapse on Republican Talking Points Weekly , but should n’t conservatives agree with Obama had to say ?
Obama may have used a few big words , but his argument included some basic ideas that Republicans need not find controversial — the courts have never played a role in improving economic conditions of working Americans , and the left should look to policy makers , not judges , to address economic inequalities .
Over -reliance on the courts , Obama said , is a mistake .
And yet , the three - headed McCain / FNC / Drudge monster is just shocked by what Obama had to say , pointing to his remarks as evidence of , well , something nefarious .
It ’s not quite clear what .
Doug Holtz - Eakin , for reasons that defy comprehension , is pushing this story in the most intellectually dishonest way possible , destroying what ’s left of his credibility .
The right seems especially hung up on Obama ’s use of the word “ tragedy , ” but as Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton noted , “ In the interview , Obama went into extensive detail to explain why the courts should not get into that business of ‘ redistributing ’ wealth .
Obama ’s point — and what he called a tragedy — was that legal victories in the Civil Rights led too many people to rely on the courts to change society for the better .
That view is shared by conservative judges and legal scholars across the country . ”
This seemed fairly obvious to me .
That McCain / FNC / Drudge are hyperventilating today says more about their desperation than Obama ’s ideology .
sometime this summer
sold digitally for $ 14.99 USD / Â£ 11.99 GBP
It has been confirmed , after a long hiatus of no new games for our dear Blue Bomber , that a collection called " Mega Man Legacy Collection " will be showing up in North America and Europe regions on Windows PC ( Steam ) , Xbox One and Playstation 4and on Nintendo 3DS later this winter .
A trailer for this collection has also been posted for viewing .
It has been stated that this collection of ported games will be remastered in 1080 p with bunch of in - game content and will be .
The collection will be developed by Digital Eclipse Software , the studio that worked on the Sega Genesis Collection in the past .
The collection will consist of the first six Mega Man games from the NES , similar to what Capcom has done before with the Complete Works releases on PS1 , as well as the Mega Man Anniversary Collection by Atomic Planet , but without MM7 , MM8 , Power Battle and Power Fighters .
The collection will also have various game features in it , like Challenge Mode , Leaderboards , Replays , Database and Museum .
The Challenge Mode will have a mix of trials and challenges for each game , like example fighting against the robot masters one after another or play through every level with only one life bar .
And as such , your performance will be uploaded to online leaderboards and store replays for other player to look at .
The Database will allow you to look at enemies and bosses , and also have you practice playing against these bosses without having to play through the whole level first .
Museum will have history , high resolution artwork , sketches and other image materials that you can look at from the lore of Mega Man .
Sources :
Jack Thompson is a master of self - promotion .
The Florida resident has made a career out of talking to anyone who will listen about the evils of video gaming , the violent ideas and passions that gaming puts into the minds and hearts of children , and the soulless industry that cranks out these terrible games .
Whenever there is a tragedy he's there to jump in front of the camera and find a tenuous link between real - world violence and gaming .
The legal system finally decided the man went too far , however , and has made it official : Thompson has been disbarred .
This is the culmination of a 2007 case brought against Thompson by the Florida Bar covering a number of complaints about his professional conduct .
The list is long — and damning — but it 's worthwhile to look at some of the issues that led to this decision .
The official document lays out the charges :
Respondent made false statements of material fact to courts and repeatedly violated a court order
Respondent publicized and sent hundreds of pages of vitriolic and disparaging missives , letters , faxes , and press releases , to the affected individuals
Respondent falsely , recklessly , and publicly accused a judge as being amenable to the " fixing " of cases
Respondent sent courts inappropriate and offensive sexual materials ;
Respondent falsely and publicly accused various attorneys and their clients of engaging in a conspiracy / enterprise involving " the criminal distribution of sexual materials to minors " and attempted to get prosecuting authorities to charge these attorneys and their clients for racketeering and extortion
Respondent harassed the former client of an attorney in an effort to get the client to use its influence to persuade the attorney to withdraw a defamation suit filed by the attorney against respondent .
Oddly , Thompson does n't seem to be aware of the fact the Florida court wo n't allow him to deal with the courts directly ; he had been ordered to submit all filings through another lawyer .
" Ignoring this bar on self - submitted filings , respondent has submitted numerous filings in violation of the sanction opinion , including the petition for review of the referee 's report .
The Clerk properly rejected each of these submissions .
Thus , there being no authorized petition for review filed , and the time period to seek review has passed , the Court has treated this as an uncontested case , " the official document stated .
There could still be a retrial , but it would most likely be an uphill battle to find another lawyer who would be willing to file the paperwork .
Thompson 's antics have become increasingly erratic and unprofessional over the past couple of years .
Filing pornography , creating picture books , and writing letters filled with rambling hyperbole to Ars and other sites are just a few of issues that undermined his credibility .
While Thompson will no longer be able to practice law in Florida , there is nothing keeping him from speaking about video games , writing about the practices of the industry , or accepting invitations to speak to the media about his cause .
It 's safe to say this wo n't be the last of the gaming industry 's favorite opponent .
Paul Kimmel interviews " More Effective C# " author Bill Wagner on changes in C# , why LINQ is cool , and why he writes books .

In 1992 , I read an excellent book entitled Effective C++: 50 Specific Ways to Improve Your Programs and Design .
I still have the book .
It sits on the shelf right in front of my desk .
Effective C++ was written by Scott Meyers and edited by Brian Kernighan ( of C programming language fame , a professor at Princeton ) .
Bill Wagner is continuing the series for the C# language , and Scott Meyers is his editor .
Bill wrote Effective C# : 50 Specific Ways to Improve Your C# and is presently working on the follow - up book , More Effective C# : 50 Specific Ways to Improve Your C#. I talked with Bill about his experiences with .
NET 3.5 , LINQ , and his experiences writing books .
Interview
Paul Kimmel : Folks in the Midwest see you at user group meetings and code camps all the time .
For people who have read your first Effective book , tell us about your day job .
Bill Wagner : I started messing around with software in the early 1980s and have been developing software professionally since 1986 .
In 2000 , Dianne Marsh and I founded SRT Solutions , a small consulting company in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Paul :
You 're also a board member of the Ann Arbor Computing Society and active with many other user groups .
Your many contributions to the technical community led you to a regional director designation at Microsoft .
What is a regional director ?
Bill : I 'm the [ Microsoft ] regional director for Michigan .
In some ways , a regional director is similar to a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional ( MVP ) .
The difference is that a regional director encompasses a broad range of products , in contrast to an MVP , who is more focused on one single product .
Paul :
Like the MVP designation , this is an unpaid position , but is recognition for your levels of contributions and feedback to Microsoft .
What do you do as a regional director ?
Bill : Regional directors provide feedback to product teams on designs and early builds , hopefully to improve these products .
Toward the community , we provide information about new and upcoming initiatives that are being developed at Microsoft .
Paul :
At user groups and conferences , that is , like the Professional Developers Conference ( PDC ) .
Are you going to the PDC in October in Los Angeles , and will you be presenting ?
Bill : I am going as an attendee .
I may be involved in some of the Open Space discussions , but I 'm not presenting anything .
I like the Open Space discussions because they 're more conversational , and you get much more information on what challenges developers are facing in the real world .
In most cases , I 'm much more engaged when I 'm involved and discussing , rather than just sitting back and listening to an eyes - front talk .
Paul :
That 's the same way I got through seventh - grade biology .
Maybe an Open Space forum would be a great idea for user group meetings , too .
Other ways you contribute clearly include your books .
What was your first book ?
Bill : I wrote the C# Core Language Little Black Book in 2001 .
Paul : Your book More Effective C# : 50 Specific Ways to Improve Your C# ( available October 2008 ) is like a sequel to your book Effective C# : 50 Specific Ways to Improve Your C# .
Bill :
The C# language has undergone some remarkable changes since 2005 , when Effective C# came out .
There were enough topics to create an entirely new manuscript .
More Effective C# almost exclusively covers new additions to the language since C# 2.0 .
Generics get a lot of coverage , as do iterators , which are C# 2.0 features that enable LINQ and the supporting 3.0 features .
I also wrote two entire chapters on LINQ and C# 3.0 , as there are quite a few items to cover .
The remainder of the book covers topics that were n't covered in Effective C#—topics like multithreading and some advanced resource management .
More Effective C# adds to the recommendations in Effective C# ; it does n't invalidate those recommendations .
Paul :
What made you want to write a book in the first place ?
Bill : I think it was insanity .
But , truthfully , it 's a great exercise to understand a topic fully .
You must have a deep and clear understanding of a topic in order to explain it to a roomful of people .
I 'm sure you have the same experience when you 're speaking or writing your own books .
If there are topics that continue to excite me , then I 'll write another book .
Paul :
What made you decide to write these two books , specifically ?
Bill : I spent a good part of my career developing in C++ , before C# came around .
Scott Meyers '
Effective books were constant resources I used in those days .
The format is very useful .
If you can just keep your mind on the table of contents , you 'll manage to write great software .
It was also a more natural format for me to write .
It 's a series of essays , each of which describes one technique or one practice you should follow .
I can continue to grow notes and create topics based on the questions I get from customers and the practices we develop [ at SRT Solutions ] to create high - quality software .
Paul :
How much feedback did Scott Meyers have on your first Effective C# book and the upcoming More Effective C# book ?
Bill : Scott is a very hands - on series editor .
He provides quite a bit of feedback on the structure , the content , and the way it 's presented .
Scott does n't provide a lot of technical review on the C# books , as he 's much more involved in the C++ language .
However , he 's a brilliant guy , and he 's able to improve my explanations on almost any topic .
Paul :
What was the reaction to your first Effective C# book ?
Bill : Quite a few people said that it helped them to understand a number of fundamental concepts in the C# language .
Different developers told me that it helped them to understand why certain practices were accepted and certain practices are considered dangerous .
Paul : Since the books ' messages are similar , although you have all new tips , how would you describe the audience for your Effective books ?
Bill :
One of the first bits of advice from Scott is that I should think of an Effective book as the second book a developer will read on a topic .
Effective books are for professional developers who already have some knowledge of and exposure to the subject .
In this case , More Effective C# is for professional C# developers who want to know more about using C# wisely , especially the newer language features .
Paul : How does More Effective C# compare to other books , such as O'Reilly 's Cookbook series ?
Bill : Most of the other C# books are comprehensive reference material .
They cover the entire language syntax .
Many even try to cover the bulk of the .NET Framework .
Both of my Effective books assume that the reader already knows the syntax and some of the semantics of the language .
My goal is to help them understand when to pick which language feature for what purpose .
Paul :
Have you thought about how your book will help the reader ?
Can you elaborate ?
Bill : C# developers have been given quite a few new features with which to work .
The challenge is where and when to apply those new features .
When should you use the query syntax ?
How should you apply extension methods to your applications ?
There are quite a few new tools and techniques to use .
They all will help developers when applied correctly .
However , like anything else , they can be misused .
C# developers now have many new ways to write incomprehensible code — that 's not going to help anyone .
My goal is to show developers a roadmap of uses for these language features , making it easier for them to pull the right tool out of the language toolbox for the current problem .
Paul :
There 's a lot of buzz around Language Integrated Query ( LINQ ) .
You said there was a lot of coverage of LINQ in your book ; what are your impressions of LINQ ?
Bill : Personally , I 'm very impressed with LINQ .
It takes a while to get your head around the different syntax , and the new ways of expressing concepts .
I like that now a developer can write middle - tier logic without concern for the storage for that data .
The same query can be executed against databases , XML storage mediums , and objects in memory .
Other people have created providers for Amazon , and other data sources .
I really like the fact that algorithms now do n't have to be rewritten for different storage mediums .
Paul :
Do you have a favorite feature related to LINQ ?
Bill : I like the deferred execution paradigm used by LINQ .
It enables a lot of interesting uses .
You can create algorithms that appear to operate on infinite sequences .
Because the sequence gets generated as needed , you do n't need to worry that the entire sequence space is way too large to work with effectively .
Paul : Does LINQ have " gotchas " that should worry your audience ?
Bill :
You can really get strange behavior if you mix deferred execution and eager execution .
You end up getting different results if you modify variables after defining a query , but before executing it .
It can lead to bizarre behavior and bugs that are hard to track .
Both eager and deferred execution work , but mixing them can be very dangerous .
Paul :
Where do you think LINQ will fit into the grand scheme of software development ?
Bill :
It 's a huge shift for most developers .
Very few developers know functional programming constructs .
The overwhelming majority have spent their entire programming lives in either procedural or object - oriented languages .
Functional languages traditionally have been reserved for academic use .
The language features added in C# 3.0 , while added to support LINQ , also support functional paradigms .
So for the first time we have a language with both functional and object - oriented techniques as first - class language elements .
It 's getting a whole new set of developers interested in and exploring these concepts .
I think it 's going to be very significant and change software development .
It 's going to be a radical change for the C# community and for the software development community in general .
Paul :
What are the benefits to the programmer using LINQ ?
What things can I do with LINQ that I can't do otherwise ?
Bill :
You can do anything without LINQ that you could do with LINQ .
It 's not like C# 2 or even C# 1 was crippled ; there were n't whole classes of problems that you could n't solve .
However , LINQ enables new ways to approach many different types of problems .
Because the syntax for Lambda expressions is much easier to create and read than the syntax for anonymous delegates , it 's more likely that you 'll write routines that expect Lambdas or delegates as parameters .
The C# type inference capabilities are much better in C# 3.0 than in previous versions .
It 's much easier for developers to write generic methods and classes ; developers using those methods and classes will be insulated from specifying the types as often as before .
Paul :
Any advice for budding book authors ?
Bill : Writing a book is similar to shipping software .
It 's an incredible amount of work , but it 's extremely satisfying when you complete it .
As an economic activity , it 's not a great decision .
You wo n't make the amount of money to justify the work .
However , if you really want to dive deeply into a particular subject , it 's very rewarding .
With that disclaimer , if you 're still interested , the next step is to decide what you want to write .
You must be deeply interested in a subject to write a book about it .
Finally , look at your bookshelf .
Pick a publisher whose books you read .
Every publisher has its own style , and you 'll be much happier trying to emulate a style you already read and find useful .
As I said earlier , my copies of Scott 's Effective C++ books are very well worn , so writing in that style was easier for me than molding my style to some other series .
Paul Kimmel is an architect for EDS and the cofounder of the Greater Lansing Area .NET Users Group ( glugnet.org , Flint and East Lansing ) .
Look for his new book , LINQ Unleashed : for C# .
If you have a programming question , you can contact Paul at pkimmel@softconcepts.com .
H2O Audio has launched a pair of waterproof headphones to do exactly what ’s said on the tin : deliver music to your ears while you ’re immersed in the pool , the ocean or a hot tub .
The Surge headphones use 8 mm neodymium drivers and work to a depth of 3.6 m .
The cans are also noise cancelling , so you wo n’t have to put up with the cries of screaming kids during your breaststroke .
Five different sizes of earpiece are also thrown in , so you ’re guaranteed of a secure lughole fit .
The headphone ’s 3.5 mm jack is even gold - plated .
Of course , waterproof headphones are useless if your iPod is n’t wrapped up in a waterproof case .
So H2O Audio ’s also launched the Amphibx , which is guaranteed to provide a 100 per cent watertight and secure seal around a selection of players , including the Nano and iPhone .
H2O Audio ’s Surge headphones cost £ 50 ( $ 90/€70 ) , whilst the firm ’s Amphibx waterproof cases start at £ 55 ( $ 95/€75 ) .
Both are available to land lovers now .
Phiadelphia World Series aftermath
A Philadelphia Phillies fan celebrates on South Broad Street in South Philadelphia minutes after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 102908
Philadelphia Phillies fans celebrate with unofficial fireworks on South Broad Street in South Philadelphia minutes after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 102908
Friends react around a man who was injured in a disturbance in a parking lot near Citizens Bank Park in South Philadelphia after after the Philadelphia Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 102908
Medics transport a man who was injured in a disturbance in a parking lot near Citizens Bank Park in South Philadelphia after after the Philadelphia Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 102908
A Philadelphia Phillies fan celebrates on an overturned vehicle near Citizens Bank Park in South Philadelphia after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 102908
Philadelphia Police officers stomp out a fire on South Broad Street in Center City Philadelphia early Thursday morning after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 103008
Philadelphia Police officers take away a handcuffed man during a disturbance on South Broad Street in Center City Philadelphia early Thursday morning after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 103008
A crowd gathers on South Broad Street in Center City Philadelphia early Thursday morning after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The smoke was from a trash fire that had been extinguished .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 103008
A Philadelphia Police officer stands near a trash fire on John F. Kennedy Blvd. in Center City Philadelphia early Thursday morning after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 103008
Philadelphia Police stand near an overturned car on Walnut Street in Center City Philadelphia early Thursday morning after the Phillies won the World Series Wednesday night .
The Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays in five games .
Copyright 2008 - PHOTO BY JIM MACMILLAN 103008
Voting Made Clear
Voting is a right for all U.S. citizens .
But it is often threatened by state laws and complex voting procedures .
Your rights matter .
Your voice matters .
Your vote matters .
FindLaw.com has the resources you need to vote on Election Day and get help if anything stands in the way .
Palin , the Energy Expert ?
Gov. Sarah Palin ’s claim of energy expertise – and her promise to send Alaskan natural gas through a new pipeline to heat homes in the Lower 48 – may be as dubious as her boast about foreign policy expertise based on Alaska ’s proximity to Russia .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly “ If John McCain consults his running mate on energy issues — as he said in a recent NPR interview — Americans are in deep trouble , ” an Alaskan energy official told me .
The official , who requested anonymity , called Palin ’s energy expertise “ illusory . ”
Let ’s fact - check one of Palin ’s key claims – that she is responsible for Alaska “ building a natural gas pipeline . ”
As of today there is not a single inch of that pipeline .
This central achievement of her 20 months as governor is more hyperbole than substance .
In 2008 , under Palin ’s leadership , Alaska gave $ 500 million to TransCanada , a Canadian corporation that builds and operates pipelines , to start the permitting process , which might lead to such a pipeline .
But it will be at least seven years before a drop of concrete is poured .
If it ’s poured .
Although Palin asked members of her former church , the Assembly of God , to “ pray for the pipeline , ” it ’s too soon to count those chickens .
Moreover , the Alaskan energy official told me that the $ 500 million may have been an unnecessary “ giveaway , ” since BP and Conoco - Philips recently formed a partnership to build a gas pipeline to the Lower 48 , without the incentive .
Besides her role in the $ 500 million pipeline plan , the official said Palin ’s experience with energy issues rests largely on her 11 - month stint as the appointed chair of Alaska ’s Oil and Gas Conservation Commission , which regulates oil / gas reserves and drilling .
But the official said even her brief tenure there was n’t distinguished .
“ Insiders knew she was n’t interested in the job and she even stated publicly that her post could be cut , claiming it was more important to keep the slots for the technical experts , ” he said .
As for her short time as governor ( before John McCain picked her to be his running mate ) , her one other energy - related act was , with state Democratic legislators ’ help , to raise taxes on oil and gas profits , the official said .
But he added , “ this says little about her grasp of global energy issues , which is zero . ”
Energy Independence
And , as for her oft - repeated claim that her work on the proposed pipeline will help the United States become energy independent , the official told me , “ not likely . ”
Although Alaska has massive known natural gas reserves — over 35 trillion cubic feet — the gas may never find its way to the Lower 48 .
Why ?
The first answer lies in the pipeline route .
As proposed , it would travel south from Alaska ’s North Slope into Canada , where it would connect with the natural gas grid in Alberta Province — which happens to enjoy the world ’s second - largest oil reserves 173 billion barrels , behind only Saudi Arabia .
So far , only 2 billion have been produced .
The Alberta oil is embedded in oil - sands extending over a forested area larger than Florida .
While the viscous oil - sands are relatively easy to extract from the ground , the problem is that they must be heated to separate the oil from the sand .
That separation process requires enormous amounts of energy .
Alaska ’s natural gas , via the pipeline , could fire the flame .
Eddy Isaacs , with the Alberta Energy Research Institute , said this scenario of Alaska ’s natural gas helping to produce Canadian oil is “ improbable , ” because Canada has “ enough natural gas of its own ” to heat the oil - sands .
But Chris Severson - Baker , national policy director at Pembina Institute , a sustainable energy think tank headquartered in Alberta , disagrees , noting that the oil companies in Alberta now produce over one million barrels of oil a day , but plan to up the number to 3.5 millions barrels by 2011 and 5 million by 2030 .
“ If the consortium of oil companies that lease the oil land decides to hike production , it might well need Alaska ’s gas , ” Severson - Baker said .
And this brings us to the second issue – who holds the leases , both to Alaska ’s natural gas land and Alberta ’s oil - sands .
Exxon - Mobil , Conoco - Phillips and BP , among others , lease the Alberta land .
As luck would have it , they also lease the gas land on Alaska ’s North Slope .
This means the same companies can pump their gas through the pipeline to Alberta and use it there to heat the oil - sands — instead of heating homes in Illinois and Indiana .
Why ?
Because the price of oil is much higher than the price of natural gas , producing oil with the natural gas makes sense for the corporate bottom line .
Once the consortium produces the oil , they ’ll sell it to the highest bidders .
Maybe in the U.S. Maybe anywhere .
Thus , while Palin ’s promise of Alaska ’s natural gas for the Lower 48 sounds great , profits may trump national needs .
Finally , some critics of Palin ’s gas pipeline believe that , if built , it will lead to an environmental nightmare , both for Alberta and for global warming , as oil producers use the clean natural gas to produce dirty oil .
According to a 2008 Rand Corporation report , greenhouse gas emissions from producing this type of oil are 20 percent higher than for conventional oil .
Severson - Baker said the oil - sands process already has spewed toxic wastewater ponds over 130 square kilometers in Alberta — doubling in size since 2004 — while also fouling land , marshes and river basins , and ripping up forests that clean the air .
However , since Palin has said she ’s not sure humans cause climate change , this probably wo n’t lose her any sleep .
Barbara Koeppel is a free - lance investigative reporter based in Washington DC .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
McCain , Georgia and Lobbying
John McCain 's strong anti-Russia comments on the Georgia situation and the fact that his top foreign policy adviser is part owner of a lobbying firm that provides strategic advice to the Georgian government in Washington have produced a surge of anti-McCain comments .
A few commenters have whacked " WaPo " for keeping the lobbying information out of the story on McCain 's remarks .
The lobbying connection was reported in a separate article , which our Internet readers would n't necessarily have seen .
Both articles were packaged on page A3 or the The Washington Post 's print edition .
But the way articles get found on the Internet has little to do with newspaper design .
Another lesson for how we in the MSM still have much to learn about the difference between internet and broadsheet presentation .
There are few defenders of McCain in the comments on these articles ; many readers cite his statement on Fox News that " We 've seen this movie before in Prague and Budapest " as evidence that his well - documented quick temper makes him a significant gamble for president .
There are also a few comments attacking Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , as inexperienced in foreign matters .
We 'll start with nimzodisaster , who wrote , " ... Analysis : While McCain is posturing for political gain , his blustering rhetoric make dangerous foreign policy .
Better to keep it cool and measured than boyish machismo .
Final Analysis : McCain is not good at foreign policy as usually portrayed . "
Cowabunga asked , " ... Wonder if French President Nicolas Sarkozy has any ideas about Iraq .
Conservative French president likes Obama .
Not all conservatives are idiots , just the American brand . "
ScottinNC said , " ... Like Pres. Bush , Sen. McCain seems to think that talking tough and making idle threats is good politics ...
The US cannot lead an allied effort to apply political or economic pressure because we have neglected and even sabotaged our alliances ... "
mrtutto wrote , " ... Now we have McCain grandstanding .
He scares me folks .
If He had been President , right now we would be fighting a war with Russia . "
MarkARKleiman asked , " Why did you omit from the story the highly relevant fact that Randy Scheunemann , McCain 's adviser , has been a paid lobbyist for the Georgian government , and his firm still has a contract with them ?
Do we really need a President who gets his foreign policy advice from people who are working for foreign governments ? "
jhough1 said , " This is a genuinely bad article ...
How can it not report ... that the adviser who praises McCain 's knowledge is Georgia 's lobbyist ...
We do not need simultaneous crusades against Iraq , Iran , and Russia , all the more so , when as Pearlstein says , Russia controls the oil and gas . "
grummantbf said , " The Post is showing itself to be a true hack paper .
Not even attempting to disguise its bias any more ...
This is a nonsense story just trying to raise the spectre of " evil Republican corruption " tied to McCain in the public 's mind . "
greentrain wrote , " Page 3 ?
This is Front Page , screaming headline stuff .
The guy wants to be President of the United States and he is taking advice from somebody on another country 's payroll .
Front Page .
That 's gotta be Front Page "
AugustWest1 wrote , " ... Maybe we should let Barry make a decision .
He would tell Putin to just take over any country he wants .
Barry does not want to fight as he 's too much of a wimp . "
johne37179 defended McCain , writing , " McCain clearly demonstrates his knowledge of the region and the players while Obama recreates his version of Neville Chamberlain .
The difference could not be clearer ... "
But mgibbosh said , " In regards to Russian aggression , John McCain is talking loud and saying nothing .
These conservatives and neocons reminds me of a barking dog chasing a car , the gist of the matter is his loud irritating bark which avail est nothing . "
Osego wrote , " It 's dumbfounding that McCain 's reaction to the Georgia fighting is cheered by some as proof of his sound foreign policy credentials ... I am surprised that ... some Americans would still cheer a warmonger and want him to be president ... "
Honest_Abe said , " McCain is an idiot .
Does he realize that Georgia actually started this mess ?
Sure , Russia has overreacted but Georgia attacked the pro-Russian province of Ossetia first .
Dolt . "
sweetlandoliberty wrote , " ... it is McCain 's service in the Senate which makes him a better candidate that Obama , whose resume is so thin it practically disappears ...
The world remains dangerous , especially with too many ambitious men who seek to control it .
Kumbya and hand - holding will not change that . "
And birvin9999 said , " Be nice to The Messiah Obama .
Do n't be critical of his inexperience .
Do n't be critical of his loony wife .
Do n't be critical of his America hating preachers .
Do n't be critical of his saying nothing more than platitudes about hope and change .
And IF you DO have the audacity to be critical , we have a solution for you : we call you a racist . "
eaglechik wrote , " I wonder who McCain is going to get to fight his war with Russia .
Maybe he is thinking that if we stand up , pound our chests and yell , USA , USA !
they will just turn and run away . "
cleancut 77 saod , " I 'm not particularly fond of Obama but there is no way I 'm voting for this baffoon McCain .
The last thing this country needs is a President who feels the military is the first in only option in settling international conflicts . "
c1736 wrote :
so I hope the rest of the media will jump on this .
He gets a free pass for so much of his undercover lobbying connections and actions .
thank you for this articl .. it is about time .
He is not the president and has nerve acting like one .
talk about uppity
8/13/2008 7:58:57 AM
gsross wrote :
Apparently , John McCain would not acknowledge a conflict of interest if it beat him about the head and face .
Lobbyists are the engineers of the Not - So - Straight Talk Express and it appears they are all as crooked as they come .
We do n't really need an ethics expert to tell us that .
8/13/2008 1:06:43 AM
All comments on the McCain reaction are here .
All comments on the lobbyist connection are here .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Mutual funds that use short - selling and other hedging tactics are billed as attractive ways for retail investors to access the sophisticated market - beating approaches available to institutional and wealthy investors .
See full story .
Weekend Edition :
As recession goes global , big companies ' profits hit hard
Midway through corporate earnings season , more large U.S. companies are warning their overseas businesses -- once an area of strength -- are flagging as the global economy looks headed toward a deep recession .
See full story .
Top economists and United Nations leaders are working on a " Green New Deal " to create millions of jobs , revive the world economy , slash poverty and avert environmental disaster , as the financial markets plunge into their deepest crisis since the Great Depression .
The ambitious plan – the start of which will be formally launched in London next week - will call on world leaders , including the new US President , to promote a massive redirection of investment away from the speculation that has caused the bursting “ financial and housing bubbles ” and into job - creating programmes to restore the natural systems that underpin the world economy .
It aims to convince them that , far from restricting growth , healing the global environment will be a desperately - needed driving force behind it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Green Economy Initiative - which will be spearheaded by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , headquartered here , and is already being backed by governments – draws its inspiration from Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal , which ended the 1930s depression and helped set up the world economy for the unprecedented growth of the second half of the 20th century .
It , too , envisages basing recovery on providing work for the poor , as well as reform of financial practices , after a crash brought on by unregulated excesses of the free market and the banking system .
The new multimillion dollar initiative – which is being already funded by the German and Norwegian Governments and the European Commission – arises out of a study commissioned by world leaders at the 2006 G8 summit into the economic value of ecosystems .
It argues that the world is caught up in not one , but three interlinked crises , with the food and fuel crunches accompanying and intensifying the financial one .
Soaring prices of grain and oil , it stresses , have stemmed from outdated economic priorities that have concentrated on short term exploitation of the world 's resources , without considering how they can be used to sustain prosperity in the long term .
Over the last quarter of a century , says UNEP , world growth has doubled , but 60 per cent of the natural resources that provide food , water , energy and clean air have been seriously degraded .
Achim Steiner , UNEP 's Executive Director , adds that new research shows that every year , for example the felling of forests deprives the world of over $ 2.5 trillion worth of such services in supplying water , generating rainfall , stopping soil erosion , cleaning the air and reducing global warming .
By comparison , he points out , the global financial crisis is so far estimated to have cost the world the smaller one - off sum of $ 1.5 trillion .
“ We are pushing , if not pushing past , the limits of what the planet can sustain , ” he says .
“ If we go on as we are today ’s crisis will seem mild indeed compared to the crises of tomorrow ” .
Switching direction and concentrating on ' green growth ' , he says , will not only prevent such catastrophes , but rescue the world 's finances .
“ The new , green economy would provide a new engine of growth , putting the world on the road to prosperity again .
This is about growing the world economy in a more intelligent , sustainable way .
“ The 20th century economy , now in such crisis , was driven by financial capital .
The 21st century one is going to have to be based on developing the world 's natural capital to provide the lasting jobs and wealth that are needed , particularly for the poorest people on the planet ”
He says for example , that it makes more sense to invest in preserving forests , peatlands and soils , which naturally absorb carbon dioxide , than destroying them and then developing expensive technology to do the job .
He points out that the world market for environmental goods and service already stands at $ 1.3 trillion and is expected to double over the next 12 years even on present trends , and adds .
“ There is an enormous opportunity to ride on this increasing global demand for environmental improvement and turn it into the driver of economic growth , job creation and poverty reduction that is now so desperately needed .
And in some places it is already beginning to happen . ”
Mr Steiner will launch the initiative in London a week on Wednesday , October 22nd , with the announcement of three projects , concentrating on how investing in the world 's natural systems , in renewable energy and in other green technologies would stimulate growth and provide jobs , and giving examples of where it is already taking place .
He will describe , for example , how Mexico is now employing 1.5 million people to plant and manage forests , how China has created the world 's biggest solar energy industries from scratch in just a few years , and how Germany has leapt from being a laggard to a leader in renewable energy by giving people attractive incentives to install it in their home .
Pavan Sukhdev , the chair of Deutschbank 's Global Market Centre , who is leading the initiative , says : “ .
Hundreds of millions of jobs can be created , there is no question that traditional industries like steel and cars cannot provide them .
But this is a really huge business opportunity . ”
A rare reptile with lineage dating back to the dinosaur age has been found nesting on the New Zealand mainland for the first time in about 200 years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Four leathery white eggs from an indigenous tuatara were found by staff at the Karori Wildlife Sanctuary in the capital Wellington , during routine maintenance work , conservation manager Rouen Epson said .
" The nest was uncovered by accident and is the first concrete proof we have that our tuatara are breeding , " Ms Epson said .
" It suggests that there may be other nests in the sanctuary we do n't know of . "
Tuatara , dragon - like reptiles that grow to up to 32ins , are the last descendants of a species that walked the earth with the dinosaurs 225 million years ago , zoologists say .
They have unique characteristics , such as two rows of top teeth closing over one row at the bottom .
They also have a pronounced parietal eye , a light - sensitive pineal gland on the top of the skull .
This white patch of skin - called its " third eye " - slowly disappears as they mature .
A native species to New Zealand , tuatara were nearly extinct on the country 's three main islands by the late 1700s due to the introduction of predators such as rats .
They still live in the wild on 32 small offshore islands cleared of predators .
A population of 70 tuatara was established at the Karori Sanctuary in 2005 .
Another 130 were released in the sanctuary in 2007 .
The sanctuary , a 620 - acre wilderness minutes from central Wellington , was established to breed native birds , insects and other creatures securely behind a predator - proof fence .
Ms Empson said that the four eggs - the size of ping - pong balls - were unearthed today but that there were probably more because the average nest contains around 10 eggs .
The eggs were immediately covered up again to avoid disturbing incubation .
If all goes well , juvenile tuatara could hatch any time between now and March , she said .
Oh look , here 's Sarah Palin receiving special protection from witches in a laying - on - of - hands ceremony at the Wasilla Assembly of God , apparently during her gubernatorial campaign in 2005 .
The hands in question belong to Pastor Thomas Muthee , who incidentally made another appearance at the church this past weekend .
The ceremony — including a prayer that Palin be protected from " every form of witchcraft " — begins after Palin steps up to the podium at around 7m10s .
Before that , starting at 4m58s , Muthee explains how it's all part of a grand plan to reinsert God — or rather , his particular version of God — back into American public life :
We need God taking over our education system ...
If we have that in our schools , we will not have kids being taught how to worship Buddha , how to worship Mohammed .
We will not have , in their curriculum , witchcraft , and sorcery .
Is anybody hearing me ?
The other area is in the area of media .
We need believers in the media .
We need God taking over the media in our lands ...
And the last area is in the area of government .
Hello ?
We need believers there .
We need men and women of integrity .
You know , as the secretaries of state .
We need them right there .
People that are born again , spirit - filled ; people who know God , and who are serious with God .
And then , as the ceremony draws to an end , the video cuts out .
Before the part where Muthee performs an exorcism on Palin to rid her of the spirit of a demonic moose .
What an anti-climax !
Douglas Holtz - Eakin says , this morning :
[ W]e would in fact be taking the negative equity position and putting it on the taxpayers books instead of putting it on the private lenders books or the homeowners books .
We think the balance of risk has shifted to the point where this is the way to go ...
What does this mean ?
It means that John McCain wants to give $ 100 billion of taxpayers ' money to America 's worst - behaving mortgage financiers .
Let 's back up .
For the past month the debate about how to deal with the collapse of the debt - trading portion of America 's financial markets has been between two plans : the Paulson plan and the Elmendorf plan :
The Paulson Plan :
Have the government buy up distressed securities at market value , thus reducing the supply of high - yield debt securities that the private sector must hold .
When you reduce the supply of anything you raise its price .
Hence the Paulson plan's $ 700 billion purchases will push the prices of risky debt securities up , and so companies will then be able to sell their bonds again and so hire more workers , and depression will be averted .
The Elmendorf Plan :
Have the government directly invest in and take an equity stake in troubled banks , thus reassuring their depositors and creditors that they are sound .
The banks will then be able to profit by buying up distressed securities -- hence raising their prices -- and by directly lending to companies that will then be able to hire more workers , and depression will be averted .
The argument for the Paulson plan was that the Elmendorf plan was socialism .
The argument for the Elmendorf plan was that it held the promise of doing a much better job of preventing depression , for each dollar committed to the Paulson plan reduces the gap between the demand and supply of distressed securities by only $ 1 , while each dollar invested in a bank is then leveraged 8 - to - 1 as bank creditors and depositors are then willing to keep more money in the bank and so reduces the gap between the demand and supply of distressed securities by $ 8 .
Eight times as much bang for each federal buck , and the Elmendorf plan ensured that the taxpayers were protected to a greater extent : we did not just have the socialization of loss after the privatization of gain , we had the socialization of any gains that might occur if banks ' equity values ever recovered .
The argument for passing Paulson - Dodd - Frank was :
Time is of the essence : something needs to be done right now .
Paulson - Dodd - Frank has sufficient flexibility that Assistant Secretary Neel Kashkari and his successors can do either Paulson or Elmendorf , at their judgment .
The logic of the situation will over time drive Kashkari and his successors toward an Elmendorf - like solution as he deals in the markets .
Now comes John McCain with something worse than Paulson :
Ben Smith 's Blog : Moral hazard : Moral hazard
My colleague Victoria McGrane , late of our Capitol Hill bureau , emails with the most lucid explanation I 've seen of what McCain did last night .
The crucial shift from a recent congressional housing bill to McCain 's more dramatic plan , she writes , was a move away from concern about moral hazard : Details provided to reporters by senior adviser Doug Holtz - Eakin Wednesday morning make one thing clear :
Taxpayers would directly pick up the tab for the difference in cost between a homeowner ’s old , too - expensive mortgage and the cheaper one provided by the government ... something that congressional lawmakers , led by House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) specifically avoided when they crafted their own landmark housing bill , which passed in late August and took effect Oct.
1 . Congress ’ bill – which Holtz - Eakin says provides at least part of the authority McCain would need to carry out his plan – provided a $ 300 billion program to help distressed borrowers refinance into cheaper Federal Housing Authority mortgages .
But to participate , lenders and mortgage investors would have to reduce the mortgage principal ...
Not so McCain 's plan .
McCain 's plan is for the government to buy up $ 300 billion of distressed mortgages not at current market value but at full face value :
“ Clearly we face the trade off that we would in fact be taking the negative equity position and putting it on the taxpayers books instead of putting it on the private lenders books or the homeowners books , ” Holtz - Eakin told Politico .
“ We think the balance of risk has shifted to the point where this is the way to go . ”
The McCain plan is :
Take $ 300 billion .
Pay double current market value to banks that have troubled mortgages on their books , thus :
Give a present of $ 100 billion to the bankers who made the loans .
Acquire and regularize the mortgages of only two - thirds as many homeowners as could have been accomplished if the $ 300 billion were invested wisely .
There 's a big difference here : Democrats want to prevent depression and support the financial markets by investing taxpayer money in banks with troubled assets .
Republicans want to give taxpayers money away to the shareholders and managers of banks with troubled assets .
I would say that this is unbelievable , but I do believe it .
The Twins Have Names !
Finley and Harper Lockwood
and her husband , guitarist and music producer , have released the names of their twins .
The girls , born October 7th by C- section weighed in at 5 lbs 15 ounces and 5 lbs 2 ounces and their names areand
Lisa Marie , 40 , has a daughter Riley Keough , 19 , and a son Benjamin Keough , 15 .
Their father is Danny Keough , who was married to Presley from 1988 - 1994 .
Still on good terms with his ex-wife , he served as bestman at Lisa Marie and Michael 's wedding in Japan in 2006 .
Check out Lisa Marie and Danny 's wedding photo below .
Source : People
Americans Cope With Financial Pain
One family 's multigenerational tale of struggling to pay for college .
Oct. 6 , 2008  --
The stock market has been on a wild ride , causing many investors much heartache and sleepless nights .
But the strain felt by many American families has roots far away from Wall Street .
Colleen and Guy Brognano struggle like many others with increasing utility bills and mortgage payments , but the real pressure for the Pennsylvania couple comes from college bills for their twin sons .
" We 're going to be working until we 're 80 , " Colleen Brognano said , half jokingly .
" The harder you work and the more you try to save , the more you get compounded with taxes , prices going up . "
The Brognanos work full - time jobs .
But with both sons in school , they have racked up $ 90,000 in debt , and they still have one more year worth of tuition left .
" My husband says that I can't believe with both our incomes we do n't have anything to show for it , " Brognano said .
" We do n't want to deny our children any opportunity because they are great kids -- hard workers , good grades . "
Guy Brognano is an electrician for Valvoline , and his wife is an executive administrative assistant for FedEx .
At one point , Colleen Brognano took a second job on weekends to help with the bills , and her husband was traveling a lot for work and only home on weekends .
" It takes a toll on your marriage , " she said .
" You just get irritated , and sometimes it 's just not worth it .
" We 're both pretty thrifty , " she added .
" We do n't even have a $ 200 balance on our credit cards . "
In 2006 , with the value of their house rising , the couple refinanced their mortgage , took on more debt and used some of the extra cash to buy a new vehicle .
But they were lucky and got a fixed - rate mortgage at 5.2 percent , and the payments have n't increased .
The family used to take three to four vacations a year , driving to the beach or the ski resorts .
" We used to travel a lot more and we do n't now , " Colleen Brognano said .
She is trying to join a carpool to work , but one possibility would require a shift change that would conflict with her boss ' schedule -- something that just would n't out .
With higher gas prices , the family is " making sure that we take the car that gets the best gas mileage wherever we go , " she said .
The financial crisis has n't directly affected the family .
But its consequences still trickle down .
" It has n't changed my daily life , " Colleen Brognano said .
" What it does do is it keeps the thought in the back of my mind as to what 's going to affect interest rates for us when we do have to get another loan for college . "
And the company that the family borrowed from the first two years has stopped doing student loans because of the credit crunch .
Now they need to find another lender .
Planning for Retirement
Colleen , 48 , and Guy , 58 , both have a 401 ( k ) retirement plan through their employers , and Guy also has a pension .
But they still worry about retirement .
" He was planning on retiring in three years , " Colleen Brognano said of her husband .
" That 's not going to happen .
He 's going to have to go into his late 60s because we have one more year [ of college ] .
" You just try to save as much as you can , " she added .
" What we worry about " are the college loan payments -- $ 480 a month total for both sons now .
Next year , the payments will almost double .
Like most parents , they are trying to do everything they can for their kids .
Jason Brognano is a junior at Penn State College and understands the sacrifices his parents are making to put him and his brother , Brian , through college .
" They 're putting the money upfront now , " he said , " but it 's my job to pay it back and give them a better life later . "
He is also well aware of the debt that he personally will have after school .
He 's in a five - year architectural engineering program , and his brother plans to go to dental school , hoping to be an orthodontist .
" I do n't want to graduate with so much debt that if I do n't get a good job out of college , that I 'm not going to be able to get any loans paid back , " Jason Brognano said .
With the nation shedding 159,000 jobs just last month and 750,000 so far this year , that is a concern for many college students .
" My major is architectural engineering , which right now is very bad if you 're going into that profession because the housing market is so far below par where it should be .
It 's not looking good for my major , " he said .
But Jason Brognano is still hopeful he 'll find a job after graduating , maybe in the growing area of designing environmentally friendly buildings .
" Although the residential housing industry is down , it seems that commercial and [ industrial real estate business ] are still growing , and there 's still need for mangers and engineers in that area , " he said .
Jason Brognano works at a hardware store in the summer and takes internships , but only if they come with a salary .
Most of that money goes for rent or textbooks .
The problem for him is figuring out how universities deal with financial aid .
" We have a low income relative to other students at my school , but we do n't get any financial aid because we 're not so far in debt that we need to be bailed out , " Jason Brognano said .
" We have what we need , what is necessary to get by .
We pay our bills , stay on top of our credit and yet we get nothing . "
Multimedia on the web is dominated by closed formats , encumbered by patents owned by large companies .
This means that any advanced technology to create video and audio is subject to licensing fees , and innovators face threats of patent lawsuits .
Even multi-billion dollar companies are at risk : one court ruling , which was later overturned , ordered Microsoft to pay $ 1.5 billion for alleged MP3 related patent infringements .
How can we bridge the digital divide and bring rich content to people all over the planet when patent threats loom over key technologies ?
The Wikimedia Foundation only hosts videos and audio files that are available in open formats , most notably the open source standards Ogg Vorbis ( audio ) and Ogg Theora ( video ) developed by the non-profit Xiph .
Org Foundation .
These standards are unencumbered by patents and can be used by anyone freely to build any kind of video or audio technology .
As such , they provide a secure baseline for innovation .
The Mozilla Foundation , the non-profit organization behind the Firefox web browser , agrees .
We ’re very happy to share the message below , posted by Wikimedian and long - time free software supporter Greg Maxwell on the Foundation -l mailing list .
Some background about Ogg , Theora , Vorbis , and free software in general can be found on Wikipedia .
You can also view some samples of Ogg Theora videos on the Wikimedia Commons .
( thanks also to the WM UK Chapter ’s David Gerard for keeping us posted on the development )
[ Foundation - l ] Theora and Vorbis support in Firefox 3.1a2
Gregory Maxwell
Wed Jul 30 22:27:15 UTC
2008
“ Mozilla is committing to include native support for OGG video and
audio in its next release that includes support for the video element
tag . ” [ http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/weblog/?p=492]
This is an announcement that Mozilla will be supporting the WhatWG
HTML5 multimedia tags as well as including Xiph ’s unencumbered media
codecs as part of Firefox .
The WHATWG HTML5 < video /> and < audio / > tags allow supporting browsers
to naively display multimedia content just as they display still
images : without the need for plugins or extensions and with full
integration .
Mozilla ’s commitment to including a set of reasonably
performing and unencumbered codecs as a baseline means that web
developers and users have an opportunity to have multimedia that Just
Works without licensing obligations adding friction to the free flow
of knowledge .
Together the native multimedia support and the baseline
inclusion of unencumbered multimedia codecs are an essential step
forward in preserving the open and unrestricted qualities of the web
which are so important to our mission .
The Wikimedia projects have long had a strong commitment to free media
formats , and Wikimedia Commons is probably the largest repository of
videos in Ogg Theora on the web .
But our commitment has , at times ,
been a costly one :
As an early adopter of free media technology we’ve
suffered from more than our share of complications and incompatibilities .
After years of effort driving adoption and our own work improving the
state of the art for free media formats we ’re now seeing the beginnings
of a true mainstream adoption which will allow these multimedia formats
to be truly costless for producers and consumers of knowledge .
I know
from my own involvement that Wikimedia ’s adherence to free formats has
been essential in moving things this far , and everyone who has worked
on multimedia within the Wikimedia projects should be proud of our
collective contribution here .
This could never make it into the mainstream without the groups
developing and promoting these free codecs — particularly Xiph.org ,
spreadopenmedia.org , and the FSF ’s PlayOGG campaign .
The W3 C ’s policy
of only accepting royalty - free technology has played an essential
role by not allowing encumbered codecs as part of the standard , but
there has been a stalemate in the adoption of a useful , royalty free
baseline codec set .
Because of this , I ’d like to personally extend
thanks to the Mozilla Foundation for joining our leadership in this
important area of web standards .
Without their help Web Video would
have no hope of escaping the environment of incompatible , proprietary ,
“ de facto standards ” with their related costs .
The Wikimedia projects have had integrated video playback support
for some time now via the OggHandler extension .
OggHandler supports a
multitude of playback methods ( such as a Java player using Cortado , and
the VLC browser extension ) in an effort to get unencumbered multimedia
format support working for as many people as possible .
OggHandler has
been a great success , already working for a vast majority of readers , but
the native support in a popular browser will make OggHandler even better
( smoother performance , zero install or an easy upgrade to FireFox , etc ) .
The new < video /> tag in Firefox has been supported as a playback method
in OggHandler since day zero so the new Firefox builds will automatically
use their native playback ability on the Wikimedia sites .
The code for native support for Ogg Theora and Vorbis
was checked into the Mozilla mainline last night and is
already available in nightly builds marked 3.1 a2 pre or later
[ http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/nightly/latest-trunk/
– be sure to grab versions marked 3.1 a2 , not 3.1a1 ! ] .
The support is new and pretty raw :
There are obvious outstanding issues
with things like timing and audio access on some platforms ( such as many
GNU / Linux distros ) .
Once the known bugs are fixed I ’ll be soliciting
Wikimedians to check for bugs in both our own player code as well as
the Firefox test releases .
Now would be a good time to start building up some material on commons
to showcase this support for Firefox ’s official release .
Although
we ’ve had video on our projects for a long time it ’s still largely a
new and unexplored territory for us .
There are many opportunities to
make important contributions and to have a lot of fun .
– Greg Maxwell <
Archive notice :
This is an archived post from blog .
wikimedia.org , which operated under different editorial and content guidelines than Diff .
From the great John Cleese on one of the greatest buffoons in America today :
Ode to Sean Hannity Aping urbanity
Oozing with vanity
Plump as a manatee
Faking humanity
Journalistic calamity
Intellectual inanity
Fox Noise insanity
You ’re a profanity
Hannity
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A stampede at a hilltop temple in northern India has killed at least 120 people , police have said .
Police said the victims included 30 children .
Dozens more people were hurt and have been taken to hospital .
This footage has no audio
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Chrysler LLC said on Thursday it is closing one assembly plant early and eliminating a shift at another , resulting in 1,825 job cuts , following a loss of more than $ 1 billion for the first half of the year .
Chrysler LLC auto assembly worker Mildred McWilliams rubs out a scuff on the back of a 2009 Dodge Ram pick - up truck at the Warren Truck Assembly Plant in Warren , Michigan September 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
The U.S. automaker , now run by Cerberus Capital Management CBS.UL , clarified that Daimler AG DAIGn .
DE lost 88 million euros ( $ 112.7 million ) on its 19.9 percent stake in the automaker during the second quarter under U.S. accounting standards .
That would mean Chrysler , overall , lost $ 563 million during the second quarter .
Combined with its first - quarter loss of $ 510 million , the company has lost $ 1.07 billion for the first half .
Daimler had earlier reported a net loss of 351 million euros for its stake in Chrysler for the second quarter under international financial reporting standards before Chrysler reported the 88 - million - euro figure on a GAAP basis .
Chrysler , which was acquired by Cerberus in August 2007 , said it was working with the United Auto Workers union to review buyout programs at the affected plants .
The company now plans to close the Newark , Delaware , assembly plant and eliminate a shift at its plant in Toledo , Ohio , by the end of December .
The Toledo plant employs about 2,100 people producing Dodge Nitro and Jeep Liberty SUVs .
The Newark assembly plant , which builds the slow - selling Dodge Durango and Chrysler Aspen , was originally set to close at the end of 2009 , a move first announced in February 2007 as part of a cost - cutting plan .
With the closure of the Newark plant , Chrysler would not have any hybrid offerings in the market .
Hybrid versions of Durango and Aspen , which are built in Newark , are the only two hybrid models that Chrysler has in dealerships so far .
Chrysler plans to launch a Dodge Ram hybrid pickup truck in 2010 .
Chrysler , whose sales have fallen 25 percent this year , has faced scrutiny over whether it can ride out a steep downturn in U.S. auto sales that many analysts expect to stretch through 2009 .
The U.S. auto market has seen demand plunge since then because of a combination of high gasoline prices , tight credit and a weak housing market .
Cerberus , which is aiming to purchase the remaining stake in Chrysler from Daimler , has been in talks with GM GM.N and other automakers about the possibility of the sale of part or all of the company 's assets , according to people familiar with the matter .
Chrysler President Jim Press said late on Wednesday that the automaker ’s steadier cash flow may be why suitors were considering its assets , but he would not say whether the company was in merger talks with GM .
Chrysler , which has released limited financial data since Cerberus acquired it , ended June with $ 11.7 billion in cash and had earnings of $ 1.1 billion before interest , tax , depreciation and amortization in the first half of the year .
( Euro=$ 1.28 )
His name was Tyler * and he lived with his mother at the end of our cul - de- sac in a pale green house the color of seasickness .
They had a dog named Andy , a white German Shepherd so big you ’d nearly wet yourself with fear when you saw him from a distance , but up close he was always smiling and flapping his giant tail through the air like he just might lift off and fly .
He was like a guard dog with a lobotomy .
That was why they ’d gotten him , to guard the house , though there was n’t much to guard aside from six rooms littered with garbage and empty beer cans , a supply of firecrackers big enough to blow the Alamo off its foundation and a liquor cabinet stocked so full you ’d think they were running the Silver Bullet Bar out of their own living room .
His mother was a raging drunk with a bad attitude and a quick temper .
You could hear her screaming at Tyler from four houses down in the middle of the night , liquor bottles shattering against the plaster walls .
The sound was sharp and startling against the gentle hum of crickets and the occasional lost truck whipping around the dirt - paved circle , trying to get the hell out of our neighborhood as quickly as possible .
The next morning we ’d see Tyler at the school bus stop , his eyes purple and swollen , his neck and shoulders bruised .
He ’d claim he ’d gotten in a fight with the gas store clerk while trying to hold up the place .
The clerk wanted to be a hero and had started something with him , but not to worry , he ’d tell us , because he got away with quite a stash .
Then he ’d reach into his deep pockets and pull out packs of Skittles and Kit - Kat Bars and we ’d get excited because , hey , it was free candy and it made us think that maybe he was telling the truth , even though we knew his mom had spent the whole night beating on him .
Some mornings he’d be there , standing out in the dewy air with us waiting for the bus .
But other mornings he was n’t and would n’t be for nearly a week and we ’d start to worry that he had died somehow .
Maybe one of those firecrackers sputtered in the wrong direction and blew a hole through the side of his head .
Or maybe the drunk had hit him too hard this time and he was lying somewhere in that house , atop a pile of garbage , bleeding from his ears and slowly dying .
He ’d always show up a week later , though , talking about how he ’d skipped town for a few days and went up to stay with some girl named Sissy in New Braunfels .
Or it would end up that he had camped out next to the river for a while , sleeping in the mud and burning live frogs .
•
My family lived in Texas for seven years during my childhood , four of them in a town called Seguin .
We moved there because my dad is a college professor and was offered a job at a local university .
Some of the happiest and most memorable years of my life were spent in Texas , but even though I look back on that time fondly , I ’ve never considered myself a Texan .
Not while living there , not now looking back , not ever .
The thing about Texas is that no matter how assimilated you become , if you are n’t from Texas , you ’ll always be a bit of an outsider .
The major cities are different , with more people coming and going , but in the smaller towns , minor differences are magnified and it ’s quite obvious who lives in Texas but is n't Texan .
For my family , it was my mother 's Italian appearance , the fact that my dad read books about philosophy and communication during halftime at our soccer games , that we had two Buddhist statues in our backyard .
It was our inability to fully adopt the appropriate drawl , my brother ’s refusal to play football , my sister ’s short , pixie - style haircut .
It was that none of us listened to country music .
There ’s been a lot of talk lately about elitism : comparisons of intellectual , liberal “ elites ” to “ regular ” folk , the former demonized and the latter glorified .
By Republican standards , my family was elitist .
We were n’t wealthy by any means , but we approached state fairs and rodeos the way one might approach bush life : like an ethnographic study .
We shook our heads at the idea of hunting , or carrying concealed handguns .
To this day , we all think about life in Seguin as a valuable , but rather bizarre experience .
I do n’t regret that I got to spend my teenage years in coffee shops in Ann Arbor instead of hanging out in the parking lot of a McDonald ’s , sitting on the hood of some guy ’s car — which is what I did most nights when I went back to visit one summer in high school .
This rhetoric about elitists versus regular people really troubles me , though .
Not because I feel offended that people might consider me elitist , but because the language is too general and thus dangerous .
Too many people can fit beneath the umbrella of a term like regular and get lost in the crowd .
When Republicans say regular people , they mean people who live in towns like Seguin .
But while Seguin had residents like Tyler and families that lived without working plumbing , children who were sent home from school with lice , smart kids that gave up studying and joined local gangs , it was also home to people like Mr. S* , the founder of a steel business who lived three doors down from my house .
His property was marked by a bamboo wall .
He passed out rolls of coins instead of candy on Halloween .
Once , when a tornado sent a huge tree crashing down across the only road that led to our neighborhood , he made one phone call and the tree was gone in less than an hour .
When you clump all these people together under one title , it ’s the men and women who are more like Mr. S than like Tyler that come to represent “ regular . ”
The word becomes a synonym for all small town folk with “ real ” American values .
The image grows increasingly desirable and the full reality of life in places like Seguin is lost .
If you hold up “ regular ” people as a shining beacon of light against the dark , selfish world of intellectual elitism , what happens to the Tylers of our nation ?
What is the incentive to fight against the kind of poverty that remains mostly hidden from our everyday lives ?
If intellectualism and academia are increasingly viewed as negative pursuits , we diminish the importance of reforming this country ’s education system and move further away from achieving equal access to quality education for all of our nation ’s citizens .
Being elitist is by no means desirable , but education and self - betterment are worthwhile pursuits .
The academics and community organizers whose accomplishments and hard work Republicans are so willing to belittle are the very people working to improve the lives of those Republicans claim to support .
You know , “ regular ” people , like Tyler .
The kind of people Republicans will glorify during a campaign to secure votes , but later , after the election is won , will ignore entirely , content to just let them sleep in the mud , burning live frogs .
* Names have been changed .
“ For me , the costumes were a microcosm of the entire project , which was how to take something that ’s kind of silly and make it feel real …
How do you make legitimate the pointy ears and the bowl haircut ?
It ’s ridiculous and as potentially cliched as it gets .
How do you watch Galaxy Quest and then go make a Star Trek movie ? ”
Star Trek Movie Photos
The upcoming issue of Empire magazine features a brand new Kirk and Spock cover withandand some more images of the new crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise .
In addition to the photos , Empire also talks to director , who comes clean about one of his major obstacles on the film , the nature of which might surprise you :
The film is directed by ( Lost , Mission : Impossible III ) and is written byand ( The Island , Mission : Impossible III , Transformers , Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ) , also starsand , Star Trek opens May 8 , 2009 .
The Global Carbon Project ( GPC ) released its Climate Trends 2007 update , and there ’s some sobering news within the latest update :
The concentration of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) in the atmosphere was 383 parts per million ( ppm ) in 2007 , 37 % over pre-industrial revolution concentrations ( 280 ppm ) , higher than any concentration over the last 650,000 years , and “ probably ” higher than any concentration in the last 20 million years .
) in the atmosphere was 383 parts per million ( ppm ) in 2007 , 37 % over pre-industrial revolution concentrations ( 280 ppm ) , higher than any concentration over the last 650,000 years , and “ probably ” higher than any concentration in the last 20 million years .
Actual emissions of CO 2 over the period of 2000 - 2007 are higher than the highest ( worst - case ) IPCC emissions scenario .
over the period of 2000 - 2007 are higher than the highest ( worst - case ) IPCC emissions scenario .
Growth in emissions from cement and coal power plants in developing nations ( mostly India and China ) now account for more than 50 % of all CO 2 emissions and a related stagnation in carbon intensity ( amount of GDP per unit of carbon ) .
emissions and a related stagnation in carbon intensity ( amount of GDP per unit of carbon ) .
The amount of CO 2 extracted from the air by natural carbon sinks is rising , but slower than CO 2 emissions .
In addition , natural carbon sinks have lost efficiency over the last 50 years .
extracted from the air by natural carbon sinks is rising , but slower than CO emissions .
In addition , natural carbon sinks have lost efficiency over the last 50 years .
The GPC concludes that all of the above combine to produce stronger CO 2 - driven climate forcing , and sooner than the IPCC estimates .
So , then , what does this all mean ?
First off , this means we need to start decarbonizing human civilization sooner , decarbonize faster , and decarbonize to an even lower level than the IPCC AR4 target ( emissions peaking between 2015 and 2020 and 50 % below 1990 levels by 2050 ) .
The worst - case IPCC - SRES scenario has humanity dumping about 2,500
Gt more carbon into the atmosphere than 1990 levels by 2100 , and we ’re now running above that worst - case scenario .
For reference , the 383 ppm of CO 2 in the Earth ’s atmosphere currently represents about 812 GtCO 2 , or about 221 GtC. 2,500 GtC represents an 11 x increase in CO 2 concentration , or 4,328 ppm – 0.4 % of the atmosphere – by 2100 .
CO 2 has n’t been that high since between 50 and 60 million years ago , when mammals began to take over from the extinct dinosaurs .
And remember , the GPC says we ’re emitting more than that scenario already .
Can anyone honestly say they think that ’s a good idea ?
Second , with China and India dominating emissions in the developing world , we have to get them both on board to cut their emissions dramatically .
Yes , historically , the United States and Europe are responsible for the existing problem .
That does n’t matter any more , and the developing world ca n’t be permitted to make the same mistakes the developed world did .
Yes , that ’s paternalistic – suck it up and deal .
If the developing nations do n’t like it , then there ’s the good , old - fashioned carrot - and - stick approach – cut CO 2 emissions dramatically and we ’ll give you technologies and aid and all that good stuff , fail to cut emissions a lot and you ’ll find yourself facing carbon tariffs and cut out of every international organization and market you depend on to grow your economy .
Yes , it ’ll hurt the entire world to have China ’s dirt - cheap labor unavailable , and that would suck for everyone .
But some other market will pop up , maybe in Eastern Europe , the rest of Southeast Asia , Africa , or South America .
It ’ll happen , and neither China nor India would like it to happen to them .
Alternately , we in the developed world could admit that our complaints about China ’s CO 2 emissions are hypocritical bullshit given that China ’s coal power plants are feeding our appetite for products and our economies .
Attach the price of all those carbon emissions to the products we buy and I bet this would take care of itself in short order , and probably without causing China to panic and threaten war over a collapsing economy .
Third , the carbon intensity of the world economy needs to drop a lot , and that means a dramatic boost in efficiency throughout all sectors .
The nice thing is that efficiency increases pay for themselves in nearly all cases , but not necessarily in a timely manner .
Every city in the world needs to do what Berkeley , California is trying to do – reduce the cost of entry for every single energy efficiency improvement , from solar panels to lower electricity consumption to ground heat pump installations .
And no new home should be built without every available technology for energy efficiency already installed .
Of course , that requires a change in how new construction is financed , but if you can solve the problem for existing construction being retrofitted , you can solve it for new construction as well .
I ’m not convinced that the total decarbonization of the U.S. economy in ten years is viable , but if we do n’t start decarbonizing not just ourselves , but everyone , really soon , we ’re screwed .
How screwed is yet to be seen , but I for one think that the purchase of a little economic insurance is a good idea , especially when the first few years of work will result in a global profit .
NEW YORK , Sept 25 : President Asif Ali Zardari ’s enthusiastic and lavish praise for US vice - presidential candidate ( Republican ) Sarah Palin ’s looks in front of television cameras has raised eyebrows here .
According to one report , on entering a room filled with several Pakistani officials on Wednesday afternoon , Ms Palin was immediately greeted by Information Minister Sherry Rehman .
“ And how does one keep looking that good when one is that busy ? , ” Ms Rehman asked , drawing friendly laughter from the room when she complimented her .
“ Oh , thank you , ” Ms Palin said .
When President Zardari entered the room seconds later , Ms Palin rose to shake hands , saying she was “ honoured ” to meet him .
Mr Zardari then called her “ gorgeous ” and said : “ Now I know why the whole of America is crazy about you . ”
“ You are so nice , ” Ms Palin said , smiling .
“ Thank you . ”
A handler from Mr Zardari ’s entourage then told the two politicians to keep shaking hands for the cameras .
“ If he ’s insisting , I might hug , ” said the president .
Palin smiled politely .
Ms Palin , who is credited with igniting the lacklustre Republican presidential campaign after being picked by Senator John McCain as his running mate , did not answer questions from reporters at her first two appearances on Wednesday .
She joined Mr McCain in meetings with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko , and then travelled downtown to meet Iraqi President Jalal Talabani .
When a reporter at the Zardari meeting asked her about her day , she said : “ It ’s going great .
These meetings are very informative and helpful , and a lot of good people sharing appreciation for America . ”
Old Testament >
The Law >
Sexual Discharges Leviticus 15:16
' When a man ejaculates semen ...'
Dear Cecil :
Ever since I was a kid , I 've been annoyed at the fact that hot dogs come ten to a package while buns come in either eight - or twelve - packs ( usually eight around here ) .
My girlfriend says it 's because kids often eat wieners without buns , and it 's just thoughtful packaging by the meat packers .
I think she 's suffering from a sodium nitrite overdose , and that what we have here is a conspiracy between Oscar Mayer and Mrs.
Karl to keep us endlessly buying either hot dogs or buns to use up the leftovers .
What 's the story ?
Bjorn B. , Madison , Wisconsin
Cecil replies :
Your mistake , Bjorn , is in assuming that businesspeople always have some rational basis for their actions .
On the contrary , my experience is that many corporate decisions are arrived at by a process not far removed from consulting sheep entrails .
Things are further complicated in this instance by the fact that the principal players are suffering from a case of collective amnesia .
Nobody at any of the major hot dog companies can offer a convincing rationale for why things are packaged the way they are .
Nonetheless , by a system of anthropological inquiry not unlike Margaret Mead ’s researches among the Samoans , I have been able to construct the following hypothesis : you get ten hot dogs and eight buns per package because meat packers like things that come in pounds and bakers hate things that come in tens .
The meat - packing side of this is easiest to understand .
Your standard - issue hot dog , a product that generations of consumers have found to be convenient , comes ten to the pound .
Jumbo hot dogs come eight to the pound , and occasionally you ’ll see some symptom of wretched excess that comes four to the pound .
If you ’ve got 10,000 pounds of hot dogs , therefore , you know you ’ve got 10,000 packages .
A few packers deviate from this rule and give you , say , eight standard dogs per 12 - ounce package , but they ’re in the minority .
The situation with bakers is a bit murkier .
Here are some of the “ explanations ” you ’ll hear :
We do it that way because everybody else does .
If we started doing ten to the package we ’d have to charge more , consumers would n’t notice they were getting more , and we ’d lose business .
Fine , but why did the first guy start packing eight ?
There is something inherent in baking tray or oven design that makes ten impractical to produce .
Not true .
Continental Baking , maker of the Wonder brand and one of the largest companies in the industry , sells both eight - packs and ten - packs , depending on “ consumer preferences and local market conditions . ”
What this means is that if enough people want ten - packs and everybody else is selling them , Continental will too .
St. Louis , for one , is said to be a big ten - pack town .
Ten - packs are a clumsy shape and tend to get broken up when they ’re tossed around on supermarket shelves .
This is close to the truth , I think ( see below ) , but obviously not that close , since Continental somehow manages to cope .
The true explanation , in my opinion , is that bakers just do n’t like tens .
They prefer dozens , or more generally , multiples of three and four , notably four , six , eight , and twelve .
These quantities lend themselves to compact packaging — three rows of four , two rows of three , two slabs of two by two ( e.g. , hamburger buns ) , and so on .
Ten lends itself only to one row of ten or two rows of five , which are seldom compact shapes .
Therefore , the baking mind - set — and here ’s where we start getting into anthropology — is such that you instinctively regard ten as an unwieldy number .
When the pioneers of bun baking were trying to figure out how to package their product , they probably figured what the hey , eight makes a squarish package , so that ’s what we ’ll go with , without even considering the unique circumstances that made ten more appropriate .
The situation has been allowed to continue because the Teeming Millions meekly submit to it .
Oscar Mayer says that of the 50,000 or so consumer letters they get each year , only 10 or 15 complain about the hot dog / bun mismatch .
A few cynics , some of them employed in this office , do n’t buy the preceding analysis , and regard it with something approaching scorn .
I pray for these people every night .
Some of us are capable of daring leaps of imagination .
The rest just pick nits .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
OBAMA :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It is my most sincere wish that we not resort to physical conflict .
But , if war can not be avoided , we will meet them on the battlefield .
The Battlefield of Justice .
Our weapons will be freedom .
Our bullets : Hope .
DOB :
...OK , to clarify , are you planning on having any real weapons with functioning bullets , or are you going to attempt to literally load rifles up with " hope , " somehow ?
OBAMA :
I...I 'm not sure -
DOB :
I only ask because , in 2009 , when our economy was crumbling , you went on TV and assured the American people that you were going to be building a " Bridge to Hope . "
OBAMA :
I swore to the American people that I would create a Bridge to Hope built on the Foundation of Truth .
My approval rating skyrocketed .
DOB :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Right , I remember , it was a very moving speech , and everyone loved it .
And ... and then we realized that you were n't speaking figuratively , and you 'd actually started construction on a literal bridge .
And that 's kind of why I was wondering if you were going to invest inreal bullets or just sort of load our guns up with hope .
Because , I mean , most of the taxpayer 's money is still tied up in building your retarded bridge .
OBAMA :
That 's a beautiful observation and you 're in terrific shape .
We 're still building that bridge , by the way .
DOB :
Right , I ...I know .
Where do you expect it to go , exactly ?
OBAMA :
Are you ready for this ?
The Hope - osphere .
DOB :
The ... Oh .
OBAMA :
Hope - osphere .
DOB :
Alright .
And , again , to clarify , is this a metaphorical " Hope - osphere of the Imagination " or something , or are you actually planning on -
Obama opens up his desk drawer and pulls out a live baby , which he cradles gently .
He opens a window and a bald eagle soars in and perches on his shoulder .
Dramatic , majestic and patriotic music begins its crescendo from somewhere .
A lot of timpani and French horns .
Almost definitely written by John Williams .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
OBAMA :
The Hope - osphere , located in the heart of Chicago -
DOB :
Oh shit you 're gonna build it .
OBAMA :
- will be constructed of several thousand tons of solid , reinforced titanium , cooled and bent into the shape of a perfect -
DOB :
How much is this going to cost ?
OBAMA :
- sphere .
In between those bars , 400,000 sheets of sound - proof , bullet - proof , hatred - proof glass will be brought in from -
DOB :
How much is this going to cost ?
OBAMA :
... and at the center Hope - osphere , the source of power will be the Truth - Core , where inspiring Hope - Lava will flow , like a river , through -
DOB :
How much is this going to cost ?
OBAMA :
I think if you take a look at these hope - figures and my hopeulations , you 'll -
DOB :
But how much ...
OBAMA :
You can't really put a price on hope .
DOB :
Give it a shot .
OBAMA :
$ 850 billion .
DOB :
Wow .
OBAMA :
But , once you convert that price to Hope Dollars , I think you 'll agree that -
DOB :
Wow .
I got up to leave .
OBAMA :
Where are you going ?
DOB :
My parents live in South Carolina ; I feel like I should be there in case Florida decides to invade .
OBAMA :
Terrific interview !
DOB :
Related :
Shut up .
Update : Adobe has fixed this issue by framebusting the Settings Manager pages .
Now , 99.9 % of the users are protected from this specific exploit .
Congrats on the fast response . —-
Turn every browser into a surveillance zombie .
The wet dream of every private eye and peeping tom .
Imagine this scenario , you play a short game on the web and by doing that you unknowingly grant someone full access to your webcam and microphone .
I ’ve made a live demo of it in here , this demo wo n’t listen or record any of your input .
If you do n’t want to try it or do n’t have a webcam connected , then check out the video .
When I ’ve first heard about ClickJacking and how Adobe is concerned about it , I thought that the Flash Player Security Dialog must have been compromised .
But the Security Dialog does a good job disabling itself when you try to mess with it ’s visibility through DHTML .
Unless there ’s some 0 - day issue with the Dialog it ’s probably relatively safe .
The problem here is the Flash Player Setting Manager , this inheritance from Macromedia might be the Flash Player security Achilles heel .
I ’ve written a quick and dirty Javascript game that exploit just that , and demonstrate how an attacker can get a hold of the user ’s camera and microphone .
This can be used , for example , with platform like ustream , justin and alike or to stream to a private server to create a malicious surveillance platform .
I ’ve made it as a JS game to make it easier to understand , but , bear in mind that every Flash , Java , SilverLight , DHTML game or application can be used to achieve the same thing .
Some of the clicks are real game clicks other are jacked clicks .
Every time the click is needed to be jacked the content simply move behind the iframe using z-index
I had doubts about publishing this , but , if I could have understand it so are the bad guys , so it ’s better to know about it .
In this case Adobe could have just framebust the pages that holds the Settings Manager .
There are two issues with frambusting in this case , it wo n’t solve all cases ( legacy browsers for ex ) and will force Adobe to rely on javascript .
Play it here , watch it here
Is there really no hope for this country , after all ?
It now appears so .
In January of 2003 , John Le Carre wrote that , " America has entered one of its periods of historical madness , but this is the worst I can remember : Worse than McCarthyism , worse than the Bay of Pigs and in the long term potentially more disastrous than the Vietnam War . "
He was surely right then .
Except that what once looked like a period now seems like an epoch .
Just as I was foolish enough to believe that we could dare to hope again , so it now seems that we are locked once more in what has become an eternal loop of Republican depredations , and Democratic responses of " Wha happened ? " as the absurdly predictable freight train rolls over them , right on schedule .
Sarah Palin and everything associated with her pick is truly the barometer of the country ’s degradation .
We are now talking about making someone the potential leader of the Free World who is even more ill - informed , even more rigidly dogmatic , and even more ideologically regressive than was the hapless George W. Bush of 2000 .
Only this time , we ’re talking about doing so as we are still in the midst of eating eight years worth of the consequences of that same prior idiocy .
We are folding in half Santayana ’s famous adage about being condemned to repeat history , so that we are already screwing up again by the time we get to the second half of the sentence .
To understand our current level of stupidity , one might imagine if , on the day after Pearl Harbor – as the smoke was still billowing over the wreckage and the bodies and oil still floating about the water ’s surface – Americans all got together and said , " We need to make even more of our military forces vulnerable to surprise attack ! "
Three major data points have been added to the Palin story in the last week , all of them discouraging in the extreme .
The first was the Charles Gibson interview .
If history records that this was the moment in which the American experiment in democracy finally came crashing down to the floor in a cloud of dust , then history should also record Gibson as the Great Enabler of democracy ’s demise .
It ’s not that he did n’t ask a tough question or two .
It ’s just that he did n’t ask very many , he did n’t follow up properly on the ones he did ask , and he did n’t probe her in any way to see if she ’s capable of the slightest independent philosophical thought , or the merest understanding of the arc of history .
So , who cares , eh ?
Just another day at the shop in what calls itself the American media , right ?
No , actually , not .
Here ’s what ’s going to happen .
Palin ’s handlers are furiously pumping her full of as much Cliff Notes quips about the world she ’s completely ignored all her life as they can jam into her brain in a month .
She does the Gibson interview , she does an even easier one on Fox , then she does the Biden debate ( during which neither the media nor Biden push very hard , and she reels off a string of memorized platitudes and cheap zingers ) .
After which she is then kept tightly under wraps until the election , while the McCain campaign claims that she ’s been exposed to plenty of tough questioning and anyone calling for any more is an elitist who is piling on like the snobs they are .
Oh , and do n’t forget this part – piling on to a woman , no less , in ways they never would to a man , because they are not just elitist snobs , but also sexist , elitist snobs .
Thus , history will record the Gibson interview as the first , last and only chance to see what is really behind the crash course in rote memorization .
It ’s bad enough , in the pathetic state the country has come to occupy , that a complete cipher like Sarah Palin stands as close as she already does to power .
So much worse is all the complicity .
Gibson ’s interview was a serious crime – felonious abdication in the first degree – and all the more so because he and his network and the rest of the media pretend like it was enough , either in terms of depth , or of the number of interviews to which she ’ll be subjected .
Where ’s the shame ?
If the members of the American media had n’t all had their embarrassment chips surgically removed , none of these pathetic milquetoast side - kicks to power would ever be able to leave the house .
According to the Wall Street Journal , Dell is restructuring their production in a massive overhaul that will send the entire manufacturing process overseas .
According to one insider 's account , most or all of Dell 's factories , which are based in the US , will be sold off in 18 months .
Dell has long used their own factories to assemble computers after a consumer places an order — a technique Dell pioneered to cut inventory costs and boost profits .
Currently , the company relies on Asian computer parts assembled in Dell US factories — the " two touch " process .
The planned transition , which has already been made for some laptops , will move all production to foreign contract manufacturers — something we already see from companies like HP and Apple .
So the only question that remains is whether or not there will be interested buyers in Dell 's $ 2.6 billion in production plants .
Because if Dell is backing out of the game , it 's gotta be a tough sell to anyone .
[ WSJ ]
Advertisement
And they revealed that they now believe their father may even have been watching from a window as they made an emotional visit to the spot where he had apparently last been seen , to drop wreaths into the sea a year after his faked death .
When you are comparing various homes for sale , there are many different things to consider .
However , one of the most important factors is the home ’s resell value .
In order to determine whether the home you are considering will have a high resell value , ask yourself the following questions .
1 . Is the home in a good location ?
One of the most important factors affecting resell is the location of the home .
Homes located in good communities close to lots of amenities will have the highest resell value .
It is also important to consider the home ’s location within its neighborhood , as homes at the end of cul - de - sacs and / or on quiet streets tend to sell better .
2 . Is the home family - friendly ?
A family - friendly floor plan dramatically increases the pool of possible buyers .
Family - friendly floor plans tend to have open concept kitchens , multiple bedrooms and multiple bathrooms with at least one tub .
3 . How are the schools ?
Families with school - age children will not want to purchase a home if the schools in the area are n’t up to par .
The homes with the best resell value are those located in reputable school districts .
4 . Is there reason to believe home values in the area will increase ?
Home values in a given area may be increasing , decreasing or stable .
If you want to raise the chances of finding a home with a high resell value , look for homes in areas where property values have been increasing and / or are expected to increase in the future .
High resell values are never guaranteed but considering the questions above can help you protect your investment .
It is also a good idea to talk to your real estate agent about a home ’s expected resell value before you make an offer .
Gen Abdelaziz says they are holding the president to maintain calm The African Union ( AU ) is to suspend Mauritania 's membership of the group following a coup which overthrew the democratically elected president .
The chair of the AU said that the suspension would last until a constitutional government was restored .
Renegade soldiers detained President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi on Wednesday after he tried to sack army officers .
The coup has been widely condemned by the international community and the US has suspended all non-humanitarian aid .
" The coup is a serious setback for Mauritanians because it has robbed the people of their basic right to freely elect leaders of their own choice , " said Tanzania 's Foreign Minister Bernard Membe , who holds the AU 's rotating presidency .
No poll date President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi is being held along with the country 's prime minister in an undisclosed location .
We will not release the deposed president at the time being for security reasons
Coup leader Gen Mohamed Ould Abdelaziz
' I fear for my father , the president '
What next for coup leaders ?
Taking coup in their stride Gen Muhammad Ould Abdelaziz , who led the military coup , has pledged to safeguard democracy in the country but has , as yet , set no date for an election .
A representative from the Arab League said he held talks with Gen Abdelaziz and was assured that democracy would be restored .
" We got guarantees that the parliament , the democratic institutions , the political parties and freedom will continue to exist , " Assistant Secretary General Ahmed bin Heli told reporters .
However , in remarks published on Saturday , Gen Abdelaziz said they would continue to detain the president to avoid any escalation .
" We will not release the deposed president at the time being for security reasons .
We are now trying to make calm prevail , " he is quoted as telling the London - based daily Asharq al - Awsat .
The US has withheld more than $ 20 m ( £ 10 m ) in non-humanitarian aid to the country following the coup .
The funds include $ 15 m ( £ 7.5 m ) in military - to - military co-operation , more than $ 4 m ( £ 2 m ) in peacekeeping training , and more than $ 3 m ( £ 1.5 m ) in development assistance .
Mr Abdallahi became Mauritania 's first democratically elected leader in 2007 after a coup two years earlier , also instigated by Gen Abdelaziz .
It was the first free and fair poll in more than two decades in the country .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Unlike animals and humans , plants can't run and hide when exposed to stressful environmental conditions .
So how do plants survive ?
A new ...
In case you were n’t keeping tabs ( the number and variety of handout - recipients grows with every passing day ) , AIG was first given a loan ( really , akin to a maximum borrowing authorization ) of $ 85 billion with much fanfare and high drama , which was later quietly increased by another $ 37.8 billion .
In the last ten days , AIG has said it intended to borrow perhaps as much as $ 10 billion through a separate , new commercial paper program .
Bloomberg indicates that AIG is now saying that it might need even more dough , although its latest plea does not have a figure attached to it .
From Bloomberg :
American International Group Inc. has used $ 90.3 billion of a U.S. government credit line since it was bailed out last month , an amount that exceeds the size of the original loan meant to save the insurer .
AIG may need more than the $ 122.8 billion now available to the New York - based insurer , Chief Executive Officer Edward Liddy said Oct. 22 .
The company , which agreed Sept. 16 to turn over majority control to the U.S. in exchange for an $ 85 billion loan , got access to an additional $ 37.8 billion this month .
AIG ’s latest balance was revealed yesterday by the New York Federal Reserve , and is up from $ 82.9 billion a week ago .
“ This emphasizes the uncertainty for anyone trying to put a number ” on AIG ’s cash needs , said Bill Bergman , an analyst at Morningstar Inc. in Chicago .
The financial - products unit that caused most of the firm ’s losses “ is a big black hole . ” ….
“ To the extent they continue to go down and we have to keep posting collateral , as it ’s called in the vernacular of the industry , it ’s possible it may not be enough , ” Liddy said .
Liddy said in the interview that he thinks AIG “ should be OK , ” that he still hopes to stay within the $ 122.8 billion ceiling and that Treasury efforts to spur lending “ seem to be working . ”
A spokesman for the New York Fed declined to comment .
Brookly McLaughlin , spokeswoman for the Treasury , did n’t return a call seeking comment .
“ The money is to meet our cash needs while we work out the rest of our solution , it ’s not the total solution , ” said AIG spokesman Nicholas Ashooh .
“ We still have to sell businesses and still need a permanent solution to the liquidity drain ” from securities lending and the fixed - income guarantees known as credit - default swaps … .
The insurer may seek a third source of cash by tapping a Fed program that buys commercial paper , a person familiar with the matter said last week .
AIG will probably borrow less than $ 10 billion through the program , which is scheduled to start next week , the person said .
SPH second test
SPH based particle fluid sim test
Python C/ API tutorial
Dive into Python C/ AP I
My little contribution to the boost project
Shake Command Window
command window on Shake , like Maya script editor
ShakeMayaRender
Shake / Maya Integration
Demo
ShakeMayaRender demo
A
Maya
plug - in to make commandPort like MEL command for Python
Maya plug - in to map mesh color / normal to PP attribute
With the Ashley Todd case looking as though it will live on in the memories of the more politically inclined of us , there is a case that was disregarded .
The case was of a campaign worker in San Francisco who was , according to the police ( who witnessed everything ) , slashed in the face by someone who disagreed with the candidate that the campaign worker supported .
The worker was n’t one of John McCain ’s innocent little angels that have a mortal fear of anything colored beyond a slight mocha , but one of Barack Obama’s .
It was on August 28 , San Francisco was under an excessive heat warning , the normal cooling off of the city by the cool ocean bay could only help so much .
A worker for Senator Obama had received a permit to campaign in the city , and diligently had set up a table with pamphlets to help the cause just a little bit more .
San Francisco is wrongly considered a liberal bastion , impenetrable by anyone with even slightly conservative views .
It has , in actuality , always been a battleground , of sorts , the more liberal majority only in the past thirty years taking hold on the cities policies .
It is still contentious , and no ground is gained without conservative groups fighting what they perceive as the deviant and socialist tendencies of those that dream of a better world .
The political landscape is just as foggy as the city ’s weather , with only the sunny , more enlightened days getting highlighted by the conservative elements .
It was towards the end of the day on that overheated Thursday .
A 35 year old guy had set up his campaign swag at 5th and Market , where people exit the Powell Street BART station , ready for a day of shopping at Nordstrom or to catch a movie at the Century Theatre .
About five blocks from the bay , it must have made the dissipating heat all the more bearable .
A couple of cops overlooked the scene , watching the end of the rush home after a long workday , and the very beginnings of the busy Thursday shopping night .
It ’s probably somewhat of a cushy place to beat their feet , worrying more of jaywalking and shoplifters than violent crimes .
This night had a surprise in store for the cops , which probably is n’t as uncommon as they ’d like .
The docile campaign worker handed out pamphlets , talked to those interested , and went about his small piece of the election cycle , hoping to do just a bit of good .
A man approached .
A tantrum of hate , slurs , and verbal berating rained down upon the campaign worker , spewing forth from the pedestrian .
The campaign worker , according to the cops who approached the scene and overheard the conversation , thanked the vitriolic man for his opinion , and calmly asked him to leave .
He did –he walked away , but only for a short while .
He would return to ruin everyone ’s night .
Storming back , the man pulled out a knife before anyone could act .
The steel blade , probably still warm from the day ’s heat and the owners body , traced a path across the Obama campaign worker ’s cheek .
That very slight delay between a bleeding slash , and the skin being parted probably hung in time , like many shocking moments do .
The campaign worker became a victim of divisive politics , after being polite and patient with someone trapped in a mindset unfit for rational discourse .
The police found the instinctive springs erupt in their joints , charging into action as the danger became clear .
Their footfalls and heartbeats sped up , and if my experience with adrenaline is anything similar , the world ’s noises hushed , and their target became the most vibrantly colored and focused object in their sights .
They gained control of the man , but it ’s unlikely they could control his hate .
One of the cops cuffed the perp , trapping the hand that wielded the steel blade in a steel of a different construction , one used to control rage , rather than let that rage explode into another ’s flesh .
The other cop , mindful of the blood and shock of the campaign worker , took him under their wing , rushing him to the hospital to tally the damage inflicted from a day meant to be spent informing the electorate , rather than becoming a symbol for the opponent ’s attempts to wedge hate and fear within their hearts and souls .
In the wake of Ashley Todd ’s false charge of some big , scary black man robbing her of money and political opinion , we should not only look at the misplaced passions that divisive politics creates , but also be mindful of the real victims that are out there , beyond the sensationalist push of McCain ’s campaign .
The politics of hate are still tumbling out of the mouth of John McCain , just as the politics of smear are bellowing from his running mate ’s public address system and her frenzied crowds .
This case should have been an early warning , but it went away just as fast as the swipe of the blade sliced the face of the Obama campaigner .
Please take a moment to Reddit and Digg this article , I ’d appreciate it very much .
IDW have just published the collected issues of " Cory Doctorow 's Futuristic Tales of the Here and Now , " a six-edition series of comics adapted from my short stories by an incredibly talented crew of writers , artists , inkers and letterers ( and I do mean incredible : Dara Naraghi , Esteve Polls , Sam Keith , Robert Studio , J.C. Vaughn , Daniel Warner , Scott Morse , Paul McCaffrey , Paul Pope , Dan Taylor , Dustin Evans ,
Ben Templesmith , Erich Owens , Ashley Wood , James Anthony Kuhoric , Guiu Vilanova , German Torres , Danny Parsons , Robbie Robbins , Neil Uyetake , Chris Mowry , and Amauri Osorio ) .
As with all of my books , this one is released under a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike - NonCommercial license , meaning you can copy it , share it , remix it and play with it , provided it's on a non-commercial basis .
I 've uploaded the full book in high resolution as a PDF and CBR file to the Internet Archive , for your downloading pleasure .
Collected in this volume are adaptations of my award - winning stories " Craphound , " " Anda 's Game , " " When Sysadmins Ruled the Earth , " " After the Siege , " " I , Robot " and " Nimby and the D - Hoppers . "
Have at it !
Link to " Futuristic Tales of the Here and Now " on Amazon ,
Link to free downloads of " Futuristic Tales of the Here and Now "
After tricking his wife into introducing him to her lover , a Los Angeles County sheriff ’s deputy held the couple captive overnight at an Irvine apartment complex where he beat them , forced them to undress at knife point and ordered the woman to castrate her younger suitor , authorities alleged Wednesday .
Deputy Robert A. McClain then allegedly sodomized his wife and chopped off her hair with the knife , Orange County prosecutors said as they announced the filing of mayhem , torture and sexual assault charges against the 34 - year - old ex-Marine , who faces a potential life sentence if convicted .
Prosecutors said the nine - hour ordeal began about 10 p.m. Sunday when McClain ’s wife told him she was leaving him for the younger man , whom she met while working in the leasing office of the apartment complex where he lives .
McClain then used a ruse to persuade his 31 - year - old wife to introduce him to the 23 - year - old man , said Susan Kang Schroeder , a spokeswoman for Orange County Dist .
Atty .
Tony Rackauckas .
Advertisement
After arriving at the young man ’s apartment , the deputy led the victims to a back kitchenette area in the nearby leasing office , where he started to argue with them and attack them , authorities said .
“ McClain is accused of taking out a knife and forcing both victims to undress , ” according to the district attorney ’s statement .
McClain , who also disrobed , “ is accused of unsuccessfully ordering [ his wife ] to orally copulate both him and [ the other man ] , ” the statement added .
McClain then ordered his wife to castrate the younger man , and she “ fearfully pretended to follow his instructions , ” the statement said .
Schroeder said there were several puncture wounds in the man ’s groin area , including on his testicles .
After slashing the man ’s face with the knife , prosecutors said , McClain fled the scene , forcing his wife to go with him .
Advertisement
McClain then forcibly sodomized his wife , chopped off her hair with the knife , and ultimately drove her back to their Irvine home , prosecutors allege .
About 5 a.m .
Monday , the wife was able to leave the house with her four children and drive to a nearby hospital to get treatment , authorities said .
A cleaning crew discovered the young man in the leasing office about two hours later and called 911 .
The young man ’s aunt , Nancy Smith , said she was stunned by what befell her nephew , an aspiring singer and songwriter who worked as a salesman at a Jos.
A. Bank store in Orange County .
“ I think my nephew came across pure evil , ” she said in a telephone interview from Florida .
“ It is hard to believe that there is that much anger and hate in someone . ”
Advertisement
The young man ’s father said earlier this week that he had warned his son about getting involved with a married woman , but that he did n’t listen .
The father , who visited his son in the hospital , said his son would require surgery for a “ complete facial reconstruction . ”
Both the young man and McClain ’s wife remained hospitalized as of Wednesday afternoon .
The woman ’s sister , who drove from Arizona to take care of the couple ’s children , said they had been married for years and she knew of no previous trouble between them .
“ I have always seen him as a good person .
So this is very hard to believe .
He adores his children .
They were his life , ” said the woman , who declined to provide her name .
Advertisement
McClain , who worked as a guard at the county jail in downtown Los Angeles , resigned from the Sheriff ’s Department Wednesday afternoon , said Steve Whitmore , a sheriff ’s spokesman .
McClain had not had any disciplinary problems since graduating from the Sheriff ’s Academy in March , Whitmore said .
McClain suffered minor injuries in the attack and will be arraigned at the Harbor Justice Center in Newport Beach when his medical treatment is completed , prosecutors said .
He is being held in lieu of $ 1 - million bail .
--
scott.glover@latimes.com
Advertisement
richard.winton@latimes.com
Times staff writer Tony Barboza contributed to this report .
83 % found this document useful ( 6 votes )
83 % ( 6 ) 83 % found this document useful ( 6 votes )
In Eisenhower 's Death Camps
An article by an American soldier who was present at German POW camps , describes the inhuman conditions that the prisoners were put through .
Save Save In Eisenhower& #39 ;s Death Camps For Later
83 % 83 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
17 % 17 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
Arianna Huffington 's article “ Does McCain Still Agree with Reagan that Government is the Problem ? ” is rife with ignorance of history and economics .
It 's hard to decide where to begin .
Her proposed questions to Sens. McCain and Obama are as good a place as any :
“ Sen . McCain , given the part deregulation played in the current economic crisis and your support of a massive government bailout of the financial industry , are you now ready to break with Ronald Reagan 's assessment ? ”
And , to be even handed : “ Sen. Obama , in 1996 , Bill Clinton cheerfully announced that ' the era of big government is over . '
As the Dow plummets and Wall Street and Main Street turn to Washington for big government bailouts , are you now ready to break with President Clinton 's assessment ? ”
One has to ask , what deregulation is Mrs. Huffington talking about ?
When did the era of big government end ?
The question for Mrs. Huffington is why do you take these pandering and manipulating politician 's words so seriously ?
The financial industry remains highly regulated .
As I point out in a comment to the article being debunked :
The problem is & was the government .
There has been no deregulation only a rewriting of the rules .
The financial industry remains tightly controlled .
Starting with the Basel Accords , FDIC , Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , Office of Thrift Supervision , & the Fed , they have created a government banking cartel .
It was the Fed that pushed interest rates ridiculously low creating the money to be loaned in the first place .
Then there is the Community Reinvestment
Act which requires banks to make loans in low income areas .
Fannie Mae & Freddy Mac pushed the sub prime loans too : [ link edited for length ]
Putting it all together , it was the government , not some nonexistent free market , that created the present mess .
With all those rules and people watching the financial markets it's hard to understand how any rational person would call them deregulated .
One somewhat thoughtful commenter tried to argue otherwise .
He posted this reply to my comment :
You must have been living on some other planet since 1999 , the date of the NYT article you referenced .
Two months after the NYT article you referenced , Congress repealed the Glass - Steagall Act that had regulated the financial sector since the run on the banks in the Depression .
Believing that bearing the high risks undertaken in underwriting insurance is not good banking practice , Congress had extended GSA in 1956 .
The Bank Holding Company
Act further separated financial activities by creating a wall between insurance and banking –banks were permitted to sell insurance and insurance products but were prohibited from underwriting .
In November of 1999 , Congress , led by Sen. Phil Gramm and joined by Reps. Leach and Bliley ( all Republicans ) repealed the GSA with the establishment of the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , which eliminated the GSA restrictions against affiliations between commercial and investment banks .
Furthermore , the Gramm - Leach - BlileyAct allows banking institutions to provide a broader range of services , including underwriting and other dealing activities .
In that same year , the Commodities Futures Markets were effectively deregulated .
These actions were taken in response to the Republican philosophy Huffington correctly states in her article .
As a liberal Democrat , I am ashamed of my own party for having sat by while Reagan sold this snake oil and not standing up for something they knew was wrong .
A nice try , but one that misses the essential point .
Repealing the Glass - Steagal Act by implementing the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act was not deregulation , it was merely a rewriting of the rules .
The Fed , FDIC , state regulators , Freddie Mac , Fannie Mae , and the Community Reinvestment Act were all still there .
These changes would have been good in a free market environment with privately issued currency .
In the actual inflationary scenario with a central bank holding interest rates down and pumping money into the economy they were disastrous .
At least on that we , no doubt , agree .
Mrs. Huffington also shows an ignorance of history when she writes , ' Stanford professor Lawrence Lessig says that if Americans recognize that the financial crisis — and the need for a government bailout — is due to “ policies McCain still promotes … this could well be the event that effected a generational shift in governmental attitudes .
Think Hoover vs. ( the eventual ) FDR . ” ' .
The reality is that Hoover was very much the advocate of government intervention in the economy .
So much so that FDR had choice words to say about him .
FDR claimed Hoover 's spending was “ reckless and extravagant ” .
Garner , FDR 's first Vice President , said Hoover was “ leading the country down the path of socialism . ”
Hoover himself said of the Depression :
We might have done nothing .
That would have been utter ruin .
Instead we met the situation with proposals to private business and to Congress of the most gigantic program of economic defense and counterattack ever evolved in the history of the Republic .
We put it into action .
No government in Washington has hitherto considered that it held so broad a responsibility for leadership in such times .
For the first time in the history of depression , dividends , profits , and the cost of living , have been reduced before wages have suffered .
They were maintained until the cost of living had decreased and the profits had practically vanished .
They are now the highest real wages in the world .
Creating new jobs and giving to the whole system a new breath of life ; nothing has ever been devised in our history which has done more for “ the common run of men and women . ”
Some of the reactionary economists urged that we should allow the liquidation to take its course until we had found bottom .
We determined that we would not follow the advice of the bitter - end liquidationists and see the whole body of debtors of the United States brought to bankruptcy and the savings of our people brought to destruction .
Hoover 's taxes , spending , and regulations only made matters worse .
FDR 's New Deal failed to end the depression and succeeded only in prolonging it .
By 1938 unemployment has back up to 1932 levels , it was called the Roosevelt Recession .
Which brings us full circle to the present .
Once again practitioners of government interventionism are being called free marketeers .
Once again a nonexistent free market is being blamed for our troubles .
Once again there are calls for more government action .
We go down the same road they did in the thirties .
Sadly , most people do n't seem to realize that once again these policies will fail .
They always say that one should offer an alternative when one criticizes , so here it is in an oversimplified nutshell .
Go over to a system of free banking by abolishing the Fed and repealing the legal tender laws .
Then repeal the income tax and abolish the IRS .
Cut government spending by more than the amount of the revenues that the income tax brought in .
Begin a programmed abolishment of the myriad of regulatory agencies that stifle our economy .
With this program we will have the fundamentals of our economy in place and have stable growth and prosperity .
The transition may be painful but it will be worth it .
It 's the only way out anyway .
Sign up for Newsletter
Sign up to get our latest exclusive updates , deals , offers and promotions
I 'm ready to call this election .
It 's going to be a big win for Barack Obama .
I know this because of a story I heard from an employee of a major polling organization .
He tells of a poll worker who was interviewing homeowners in a small town in central Pennsylvania , part of that " real " American hailed by Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
The man knocked on the door , and when the woman of the house answered , told her he was a pollster and wanted to know how her household planned to vote in November .
The woman turned and yelled into the house , " Honey , how are we voting this year ? "
From inside the house , a male voice yelled back , " I guess we 're voting for the nigger . "
The woman turned to the stunned pollster and , without a hint of embarrassment , said , " I guess we 're voting for Obama . "
Simply put , Obama has won the racist vote , a core Republican constituency since the late 1960s .
Indeed , it is likely that instead of the famed " Bradley Effect " ( named after the Mayor Tom Bradley of Los Angeles , who famously lost a race for California governor which the polls said he would win handily ) , according to which some white voters supposedly tell poll takers they are voting for the black candidate in a race for fear of appearing racist , while in fact they plan on voting for the white candidate , the opposite is going to occur .
That is , there are probably many white racist voters like the one in this small Pennsylvania town , whether in some northern suburb or village , or in Southern states like Virginia , North Carolina or Georgia , who are fed up with the Bush years , want a change , and are planning to vote for Obama , but would not want their friends to know they were voting for a black man .
Call it the " Obama Effect . "
If I 'm right that this anecdote is reflective of a broader phenomenon , look for just the opposite of what we saw happen in the 2004 election , when the exit polls and the networks were calling the election for John Kerry , and in fact key states like Ohio , supposedly solidly in the Democratic column , went for Bush .
( Sure there was voting machine chicanery , but there were also problems with the exit polls . )
This year , if there are substantial numbers of white voters who vote for Obama but sheepishly tell exit pollsters that they voted for McCain , we may hear that races are close , or that states are going for McCain that will ultimately , when the actual votes are counted , go for Obama .
In a broader sense , even based upon the pre-election poll numbers we are seeing , with Obama ahead in Virginia and North Carolina and within the margin of error in Indiana , Georgia , North Dakota and Montana , what seems to be happening in this election is the collapse of the long - successful Republican strategy of using " social issues " and fear - mongering , particularly fear of African - Americans and immigrants , to convince white working class Americans to vote for a party whose interests were and are clearly against their own .
Republican campaign ads and candidate speeches are larded with code words that seek to appeal to those fears : " pals around with terrorists , " " do n't know who he really is , " " anti-American preacher , " " wife not proud to be an American , " " community activist , " " socialist , " " not really born in America . "
But they 're not working .
Neither is the old Republican nostrum of cutting taxes for the rich on the pretense that it will lead to jobs for the poor .
When McCain charges , as he has been doing frantically of late , that Obama has been outed by " Joe " ( sic ) the Plumber as a " socialist " and that he will be taxing the rich " to spread the wealth around , " most people today are probably thinking , " Hey , that idea of spreading some rich folks ' money around sounds pretty good to me ! "
That is to say , Obama 's populist rhetoric , whether it is sincere or not , and particularly his promise to cut taxes for most Americans while raising taxes on the wealthy and on the large corporations , and to make college and health care affordable to all , is winning over a large number of Americans , including many who for decades have been responsive to Republican fear - and race - mongering and to Republican " free - market " ideology .
There are many people on the left who argue that Obama and the Democrats are a sham , and that they wo n't really tackle taxing the rich and corporations in any serious way , or offering real help to struggling working class Americans .
They may well be right .
Certainly the flood of campaign contributions from Fortune 1000 corporations suggests that corporate America will have a big seat at the White House table in an Obama administration , as they do already in the Democratic Congress .
At the same time though , the rhetoric of this campaign is setting up a major expectation among millions of ordinary voters for real progressive action on economic issues .
This hope , given continued organized political pressure after November 4 , could lead to real action .
I would argue that when the real " Joe 's " and " Jane 's " of America , the ones who have been suckered in for years by cynical Republican fear - mongering and race - baiting campaigns finally turn away and vote for hope -- even if that hope is being over - sold -- it creates the chance for a real movement for progressive change in the country .
At any rate , it certainly looks like my theory will be put to the test come Inauguration Day .
_______
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama leads John McCain , 50 % to 42 % among registered voters in the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update for Thursday , Friday , and Saturday -- just one point shy of his strongest showing of the year .
These results , from Sept. 25 - 27 , span the time period since John McCain made the announcement that he was temporarily suspending his campaign and returning to Washington to work for a bipartisan solution to the financial crisis , and since Congressional leaders first announced progress towards the resolution of a financial bailout bill .
The results also include one complete day ( Saturday ) after the first presidential debate on Friday night .
McCain had reached a point where he was tied with Obama earlier in the week , but Obama has gained steadily in each of the last three days ' reports .
Overall , Obama has gained four percentage points over the last three days , while McCain has lost four points , for an eight - point swing in the " gap " or margin .
The full impact of the debate and its aftermath will not be reflected in the tracking data until Tuesday 's report , which will be based on interviewing conducted Saturday , Sunday , and Monday .
Still , Gallup 's one - day read on the standing of the two candidates on Saturday suggests that Obama held the lead over McCain among registered voters that night , just as he had for the two previous nights .
Obama reached an eight - point lead or higher twice before , once after his highly publicized foreign tour to Afghanistan , Iraq , and Europe in July , and once after the Democratic National Convention .
In both of these instances , Obama 's relatively large lead was short - lived ; McCain came charging back to tie the race in both cases .
Thus history would suggest the potential for future shifts in voter preferences and for McCain to bounce back once again .
Additionally , major news events relating to the campaign will be forthcoming over the next several weeks -- including the final resolution of Congress ' efforts to pass a financial bailout bill and three more debates ( two presidential , and one vice presidential ) , all of which could have the potential for future shifts in voter preferences .
Obama has held at least a moderate edge over McCain for the vast majority of the days of Gallup Poll Daily tracking since June , and overall has led by an average of about three points in the over 100,000 interviews conducted by Gallup during this time period .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . ) -- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sept. 25 - 27 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,719 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to McCain 's Speech Our Skin-Burning , Cigar - Chomping , Jackass - Studded , Palin - Aghast Report from the RNC
SUNDAY
The night before I am to be pepper - sprayed by a police officer , I run into two acquaintances from Seattle who have come to St. Paul to protest the Republican National Convention .
They are drinking at the Pi Bar in South Minneapolis , one block away from being across the ( usually figurative ) tracks .
In honor of the convention , Pi Bar is throwing a " Flaming Carnivale of Deviance , " a fire - lit parking - lot party straight out of James Dobson 's darkest dreams : dykes on bikes , drag queens and transsexuals playing carnival games including a cock - ring toss , performance groups with names like " Bedlam Theatre " and " Gay Witch Abortion . "
The poster for the event features a clip - art drawing of the Republican elephant , bandaged and bruised , holding a crutch .
It 's funny , but it 's a fantasy .
Two days later , the St. Paul Pioneer Press will report on 25 people treated at hospitals for injuries from police actions during tomorrow 's protest , including two children who inhaled pepper spray .
Two days after that , local news sites will post photographs of 17 - year - old Keith Smith , bloodied and stomped by authorities while in custody , with a boot print on his back , and of 19 - year - old Elliot Hughes , who will report being punched , hooded , and smacked around by police , who allegedly used him to practice their pain - compliance holds .
But that is all to come .
As my Seattle acquaintances , Brady McGarry and DK Pan , are leaving Pi Bar , they invite me to stay the night a few blocks away , at their friends ' place .
The apartment — home to Francis , Angie , and Jenny — is a second - story walkup directly above a barbershop .
It 's big , open , and mussed .
White Christmas lights festoon the slightly greasy kitchen and a sign , painted in green watercolor , directs visitors to the compost bucket .
A poster of Bea Arthur hangs on the wall .
A journal sits by the toilet : " The Poop Book , " in which Francis , Angie , and Jenny detail the size and consistency of their extrusions , along with whatever thoughts drifted through their heads while divesting themselves .
The entries are both narcissistic and introspective .
The young women obsess over the details of their own shit ( " burrito ! " ) and muse about the purpose of their lives .
Outside in the dark , McGarry and Pan talk about police who allegedly wept during the WTO riots in Seattle .
" That 's really radical , " McGarry says softly , smoking a cigarette .
" That 's the seed of a groundswell . "
We talk about the preemptive raids of the past two days here in the Twin Cities — about police who charged into five different residences and held their occupants , some of them video bloggers , at gunpoint .
The conversation drifts toward the war in Iraq that McGarry , Pan , and 10,000 others will protest tomorrow .
McGarry mentions his childhood friend Jason Bogar , an army corporal killed in Afghanistan earlier this summer .
Protesting war is not , for him , an abstract exercise .
The next morning , McGarry comes by my couch with a Sharpie and suggests we all write the phone number of a legal - defense collective on our thighs , just in case .
If I hear about trouble at a certain intersection , he says , that 'll be them .
" Well , see you at the barricades . "
He pauses .
" I 've always wanted to say that . "
MONDAY MORNING
" On TV it looks huge , but the Xcel Center , a squat sports arena in downtown St. Paul , is not a big building .
In the afternoons , before the halls are thick with people , you can walk the interior perimeter in five minutes .
Its capacity is 20,000 , and there are 10,000 protesters in front — one protester for every two people inside — chanting through the barricades and past a line of police : " Who is a terrorist ?
Bush is a terrorist !
Who is a terrorist ?
Bush is a terrorist ! "
Curious Republicans venture down to gawk .
Several look like bad TV movie versions of themselves , the kinds of flimsy clichés you 'd expect from a bunch of Democrats throwing a Republican - themed costume party .
Dennis G. Lennox III , 24 , from Michigan , wearing antique , round - rimmed glasses and resembling a daguerreotype of an owl , censures protests as " uncivilized " and adds , " They should do something more productive , like write articles and essays . "
Saul Farber , 22 , running for New York State Assembly , and Andrew Abdel - Malik , his friend , watch warily through the barricade .
" Shit , I think they want to jump the fence , " Abdel - Malik says .
" You wearing comfortable shoes ? "
Farber answers , in all seriousness , " Yeah , I can run in Prada loafers . "
Dan Kramer , 40 - ish , who owns a PR firm in Sacramento — his previous employer was Nichols - Dezenhall , a spin machine for the former CEO of Enron among others , dubbed " the pit bull of public relations " by Business Week — struts around with indestructible hair and a smug smile .
" It 's very interesting , " Kramer says , after having his picture taken from behind the barricades .
" Most of those folks look so well - off , well - to - do . "
So protesters have to be poor ?
" Mmm , " he non-answers .
" If I did n't know better , I 'd think some of them were getting paid to be out here .
Mmm . "
The more we talk , the more typecast they seem : Lennox is the fossil and Kramer is the unctuous villain , but Farber is one of the rare heartening conventioneers .
Sincere and friendly , he calls himself a fiscal conservative , not a social one .
Farber predicts that the party 's base will move away from the religious right in the coming years — that the creationists and the homophobes are facing their twilight .
Farber and Abdel - Malik wo n't go on the record as being for drug legalization and marriage equality .
But Abdel - Malik acknowledges : " Conservatism is about keeping the government off your back — and that includes what people choose to do with their own bodies . "
Outside the Xcel Center , some protesters split off from the big march and fan out into the streets of St. Paul , tipping Dumpsters into intersections and locking down thoroughfares by holding hands through lengths of PVC .
These latter protesters are distinct : mostly wearing black , mostly white and well - tanned , and most of them keep their faces covered .
A group of 100 or so of these black - clad protesters runs down to the Mississippi River , which flows behind the Xcel Center , clearly trying to find a back way in .
They do n't chant slogans , they just move .
" Tighten up the line ! " their young field commander yells .
" Keep moving !
That 's the best way to keep from being arrested . "
Six of them carry a sign that says " DIRECT ACTION . "
One stops for a red light and wonders aloud : " Why are we obeying the law ? "
Another on a bike , bleeding from his head and down his shirt , is all grim smiles .
A line of riot police wearing gas masks greets the protesters on the back side of the building .
More riot police approach from two other directions , pinning the protesters against the river .
Coast Guard boats , with big machine guns , glide by .
The protesters try to cross the street toward the police and , behind them , the Xcel Center .
The riot cops fire a tear - gas bomb .
And that 's that .
There 's another tear - gas bomb , and then another , and the riot cops close in from up and down the street , liberally pepper - spraying the protesters and pushing them toward a park .
A phalanx of riot police walks ahead of me , on the heels of two young women , who are complying with instructions , going exactly where they 're told .
One of the cops lifts the women by their shirts and pushes them , gratuitously , into a cloud of tear gas .
Then he douses their faces with pepper spray .
I get my notebook out .
A female voice behind me says : " Hey ! Keep moving ! " I turn to see another phalanx of riot cops .
I flash my RNC media credentials and say : " You go on without me .
I 'm just reporting on this . "
I turn back towards the action to begin taking more notes .
From behind , a cool shower sluices down my head , down my body , and into my pants .
The sound of a clink as she throws the empty canister on the pavement .
It 's pepper spray .
A lot of pepper spray .
In seconds I am a blind , wheezing , snotting , doubled - over wreck of a man , stumbling ahead of the police line while being jabbed in the back and told to hurry up toward the park .
The pain is searing .
I walk into several small trees along the way .
Eventually , I fall to my knees , gasping on the pavement .
A street medic pours some antacid on my face and shoves a piece of paper into my hand : " Keep this .
It 's a pepper spray aftercare guide . "
Then : " We have to move .
They 're going to start firing again . "
I wrench my eyes open long enough to see we are in the park .
There is a fountain — blessed , blessed water — just behind a row of riot police on horseback .
I stagger , still doubled over , toward a policewoman , holding out my press credentials .
I plead .
She flips the credentials over , like she does n't know what they are .
" Yeah , right , " she says sarcastically , and waves me past .
I lurch toward the fountain , feeling guilty for all the people without credentials still stuck in the park .
Someone I can't see says : " Oh my God !
What happened to him ? "
Someone else answers : " He 's been maced .
Do not go over there . "
I strip to my underwear and hop painfully beneath the cascade , rinsing everything — including my balls , which burn like fire .
I bike furiously to the house where I 'm staying .
Moving through the air cools my skin .
I run every red light I can and , when I have to stop for cars , hop and flap my arms like a bird .
People smile and point .
A black man drives by and shouts , " Damn !
Look at that white boy ! "
Back at the house , I stand in the shower for a long time , panicked that the burning wo n't ever stop .
Later , I find out that pepper spray , made with a gluey substance that adheres to clothes and skin , is not water soluble .
Police arrest a lot of people during the convention — 102 in Minneapolis , 716 in St. Paul , 30 of them journalists — and gas an unverifiable number .
According to the Minneapolis Star Tribune , St. Paul spent $ 34 million on hiring officers from other cities , $ 1.9 million on pepper spray and tear gas , and $ 1 million on gas masks .
Pepper spray , incidentally , is banned for wartime use by Article I.5 of the international Chemical Weapons Convention , ratified by the United States in 1993 .
MONDAY NIGHT
" Look , the protesters are deranged , " says either Ryan , Brian , or Tony .
It 's hard to remember who is who .
The triumvirate works for Republican senator Norm Coleman ( currently fighting a reelection challenge from Al Franken ) , and we 're all a little drunk .
" Their stated objective is to kill a cop , " says Ryan , Brian , or Tony , thumping the table .
" But , " he shrugs , " this is America . "
The four of us are smoking cigars and drinking Scotch on the deck at Solera , a four - story restaurant in downtown Minneapolis .
Solera enjoys a fancy reputation , but its decor is cowardly : generic dark carpet , generic - sleek wood tables , generic - white lighting fixtures .
We are served veal meatballs and gallons of rare Scotch and cognac , and young women in black party dresses walk around with boxes full of cigars .
Unbeknownst to Ryan , Brian , and Tony , my skin still tingles from the pepper spray ( and unbeknownst to all of us , Elliot Hughes is in jail , being used like a rag doll ) .
I take a cigar from one of the cigar sirens , sniff it , and accept a light .
Ryan , Brian , or Tony does the same .
( Meanwhile , Hughes is coughing blood and vomiting while police call him " gay " and " a princess , " as he will later recount at a press conference .
The sheriff 's office will counter that Hughes was being " extremely disruptive " and that " it took some force to control him . " )
A middle - aged man at Solera 's bar is saying , " The port commissioner was here last night and he 's home sleeping it off . "
He chortles .
" Every hot 18 - to 25 - year - old girl was here last night .
It was one step short of a rave . "
The bartender asks me what I would like .
A glass of 25 - year - old Caol Ila Scotch .
Retail price : $ 230 a bottle .
( Hughes : " Six or seven officers came into my cell .
One officer punched me in the face ...
And the officer grabbed me by the head , slammed my head on the ground and reawoke me to consciousness .
And I was bleeding everywhere .... " )
In the downstairs bar , a delegate from Georgia is slurring about race in the maudlin tones of an old man lamenting the New South .
" It 's like I always tell my daughters , " he says .
" If you see a nigger driving a limo , he is n't necessarily a drug dealer — he might be a chauffeur .
And that 's progress . "
( Hughes : " They dragged me to another detaining cell .
They put a bag over my head that had a gag on it . " )
Before I can ask the delegate from Georgia what , exactly , he means with the chauffeur joke , he launches into a paean to his black tae kwon do instructor .
" He 's my master , " he grins .
His bald white head is sweating .
" Is n't that funny ? "
( Hughes : " They separated my jaw as hard as they could with their fingers .
And they bent my ankles back .
They basically bent my foot backward .
I was screaming for God and screaming for mercy , crying , asking them why they were doing this .... " )
A man at a nearby table calls over to his friend , " I 'll have another cocktail and then maybe two beers and then let 's roll . "
I write that down , smiling .
Now I 'm the one feeling smug — the convention has no momentum and the country is n't paying attention .
The Republicans , it seems , do n't have a chance .
And I 'm really enjoying this cigar .
WEDNESDAY
AND THURSDAY
That feeling does n't last .
To everyone 's shock and certain people 's horror , Sarah Palin — John McCain 's untested , unknown , and seemingly daft VP choice — galvanizes the Xcel Center with her pugnacious national debut .
Even up in the nosebleed seats , conventioneers lean forward , really listening for the first time all week , their mouths slightly open .
They 'd been waiting for a watershed moment .
For the last two nights , a parade of governors and former governors , senators and former senators shoveled out reheated pabulum : small government , torture , patriotism .
Rudy Giuliani cackled and sneered , Joe Lieberman speechified waxily , and George W. Bush 's brief video address was a zero .
But Palin flips a switch .
She 's been taking notes from a gifted director and , like Hamlet and Iago , she comes alive in her barbed asides .
She spins a web of rhetorical intimacy , dismissing the media who are broadcasting her speech to the world — she 's talking , it seems , only to the Republicans in the hall .
She ridicules Barack Obama as a mere " community organizer . " ( Howls . )
She stumps for direct action : " Terrorists still plot to inflict catastrophic harm on America — and he 's worried that someone wo n't read them their rights ? "
( Derisive laugher . )
She arches her right eyebrow : John McCain " is n't looking for a fight — but sure is n't afraid of one , either . "
( Cheers . )
She 's a bitch , but she 's their bitch .
And they love her .
By comparison , McCain 's speech the following night seems simpering and overcooked : his experience , his willingness to swim upstream against popular opinion , his battle - won patriotism — all delivered in reedy , almost ghostly tones .
He 's been the Republican Party 's whipping boy since he challenged Bush for the presidency in 2000 , and it shows .
He tries to co-opt the themes of Obama 's acceptance speech by talking about fighting for change .
It 's a feeble gambit , one that discloses a Republican campaign back on its heels , playing defense , allowing Obama to dictate the terms of the debate .
Protesters , who have infiltrated the hall , briefly interrupt his momentum before the Secret Service hauls them away .
Even on the floor , conventioneers check their watches and whisper to each other .
A few exit before the ( anti) climactic balloon drop .
But , in his final seconds , McCain rallies with a burst of short , staccato sentences that reap the McCain 's - a - fighter seeds Palin had sown the night before .
" Fight with me ! " he wheezes .
" Fight for what 's right for our country !
Fight for the ideals and character of a free people !
Fight for our children 's future !
Fight for justice and opportunity for all ! "
The message : Direct action is good .
Empty sloganeering is bad .
Risking oneself for a heartfelt cause should be every American 's highest aspiration .
As McCain reads those words off the teleprompter , several hundred protesters are sitting in jail cells for doing precisely that : fighting for what they believe is right .
The balloons drop , the delegates applaud , and the penultimate act of the election play is over .
The audience streams out of the arena , some to hotel rooms and some to parties .
After most everyone has left , the population of the floor changes suddenly and dramatically .
For the first time in four days , the brown people outnumber the white people .
They 're the maintenance crew .
They 've come to clean up .
brendan@thestranger.com
FAMILY TENSION Emmerdale 's Manpreet humiliates sister Meena as she makes a move on Rishi
HUGE RELIEF
Emmerdale fans chuffed as Lydia Dingle is told she does n't have Huntington's
LET LOOSE Flustered Ruth Langsford red-faced as she drops her makeup live on Loose Women
POOR PADDY Emmerdale 's Paddy devastated as he catches Chas having a moment with Al
TATE STREAK Emmerdale 's Jamie found unconscious after vicious row with Luke over eviction
' SUSPICIOUS ' Emmerdale 's Harriet Finch makes mistake and asks about Malone 's disappearance
WINNER TATES IT ALL Emmerdale 's Kim Tate will be scared of son Jamie when she returns
SWEET REVENGE Emmerdale 's Belle Dingle enlists Andrea in her plan to destroy Jamie Tate
sibling surprise Emmerdale 's Manpreet caught lying to husband Rishi as sister Meena arrives
Judge tosses challenge to S.F. ID card plan SAN FRANCISCO
He tosses lawsuit over city 's plan to aid immigrants
Tom Ammiano Tom Ammiano Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Photo : Lance Iversen , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Judge tosses challenge to S.F. ID card plan 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A San Francisco Superior Court judge ruled Tuesday that the city 's plan to issue municipal identification cards to residents regardless of immigration status does not violate state and federal law .
Judge Peter Busch tossed out a lawsuit filed by the Immigration Reform Law Institute of Washington on behalf of four San Francisco residents who argued the program would amount to aiding and abetting illegal immigration .
The ruling was a victory for city officials looking to implement the ID card program , which the Board of Supervisors approved in November but Mayor Gavin Newsom put on hold in August to make sure it complies with state and federal laws .
Newsom 's move came after a series of Chronicle articles explaining how the city regularly shielded young illegal immigrants from deportation after they were found guilty of felony crimes .
That practice has since been stopped .
The mayor also wants to address administrative questions , such as how to prevent the cards from being counterfeited or fraudulently obtained .
" The program is a go .
The last challenges are administrative and technical as opposed to political , " said Supervisor Tom Ammiano , who sponsored the ID card legislation and is running for state Assembly .
" I 'm looking forward to expediting the implementation .
...
I 'd love it to happen before I leave the board on Dec. 1 . "
Mayoral spokesman Nathan Ballard welcomed Busch 's ruling but said it would have little impact on the review being conducted by City Administrator Ed Lee .
" We want to make sure we move forward with a bulletproof program , " Ballard said .
" This ruling is separate .
This is about one lawsuit .
The mayor believes the program is legal ; however , he wants to make sure that it 's implemented safely . "
Ballard would give no timetable for completing the program review , saying it would take " as long as it takes . "
Lee sent Ammiano an e-mail Friday , saying he anticipated the program would start in early 2009 .
The e-mail says city officials are preparing educational materials , training , hardware and software to begin issuing the cards .
The program would make San Francisco the largest city in the country to issue municipal identification .
New Haven , Conn. , began issuing cards last year .
Opponents of the program are considering appealing Busch 's ruling .
" This is simply a step in a long process , " said Patrick Skain , a native San Franciscan and retired firefighter who brought the lawsuit along with others .
" We 'll review what took place today and look at the nuances of the arguments and make a determination from there . "
Skain and others argued that the city cannot declare a person to be a resident if they are not in the country legally .
They contend the ID program is an illegal use of city funds that will further strain public services and hamper federal immigration investigations .
Busch , though , said the ID program is " neutral with respect to immigration status . "
It does n't certify that anyone is in the country legally , but it provides a mechanism for city residents to access services like library cards and discounted rates at city - owned golf courses , the judge said .
" This does n't deal with immigration , " Busch said .
" Clearly it does not require anyone to withhold information , because they do not collect the information . "
Chris Hartjes today was on a quest for a " find in project " feature for Vim .
" Find in Project " was a feature of Textmate that he'd grown accustomed to and was having trouble finding an equivalent for .
The funny thing is that Textmate is a newcomer , and , of course , vim has had such a feature for years .
The thing to remember with vim , of course , is its unix roots ; typically if you know the unix command for doing something , you can find what you need in vim .
In this case , the key is the vimgrep plugin , which ships in the standard vim distribution .
There are a variety of resources on vimgrep .
The vim documentation includes a chapter on it , and a quick google search on the subject turns up some nice tutorials immediately .
If you 've ever used grep , the syntax is very straightforward :
vimgrep /{pattern} / [ g ] [j ] { file} ...
The " g " option indicates that all matches for a search will be returned instead of just one per line , and the " j " option tells vim not to jump to the first match automatically .
What does the " g " flag really mean , though , and how are searches returned ?
Vimgrep returns search results in what 's known as a " quickfix " window , and this is where the vimgrep documentation falls apart … it does n't explain what this is , or link to it ( which would be a nice indication that it actually has a separate topic for this ) .
The Quickfix window is a pane that shows a search result per line .
Each line shows the file that matches , the line number , and the contents of that line :
/home/matthew/git/bugapp/application/controllers/helpers/GetForm.php|10 | * @var Zend_Loader_PluginLoader
You can't do much from this window ; it simply serves as a visual indicator of what file you 're currently looking at from the list .
However , in the main window , you can start iterating through the results one at a time , using a subset of the Quickfix commands .
As a quick summary :
: cc will move to the next match in the list
will move to the next match in the list : cn will move to the next match in the list
will move to the next match in the list : cp will move to the previous match in the list
will move to the previous match in the list : cr will rewind to the first match in the list
will rewind to the first match in the list : cla will fast forward to the last match in the list
When done , you can simply close the Quickfix window / pane , and continue working .
I should note that vimgrep is cross-platform .
On * nix - based systems , it defaults to using the native grep command , but it also contains an internal ( slower ) implementation for use on operating systems that do not provide grep by default .
You may also map the command to alternate implementations if desired .
( CNN ) --
A meteor , or shooting star , is usually the size of a pebble , or even a grain of sand , burning up in the atmosphere .
An asteroid like the meteor shown here should be visible Monday night over northeastern Africa .
On Monday night , an asteroid that may be the size of a car will likely burn up in the atmosphere over northeastern Africa , according to the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
But the planet is not in peril .
The asteroid , spotted by an Arizona observatory only Monday afternoon , will burn up in the upper atmosphere at about 10:46 p.m. ET ( 2:46 a.m. GMT ) .
It will not pose a threat to aircraft or people on the ground , but it may put on a show .
Called an asteroid while in space , astronomers refer to it as a meteor once it interacts with the atmosphere and begins to heat and glow .
While the meteor will burn up over Egypt and the Sudan , traveling from the southwest to the northeast , it could be visible from much of southern Europe , northeastern Africa , and the Middle East , according to Christine Pulliam of the Harvard center .
Do n't Miss iReport.com : Share your sky photos , stories
She said the meteor could appear , cloud - cover permitting , as bright as a full moon , and may produce a loud boom or popping noise .
Italy 's University of Pisa calculated the odds are between 99.8 percent and 100 percent that the object , traveling at 28,800 mph , will encounter the Earth 's atmosphere .
" We want to stress that this object is not a threat , " said Dr. Timothy Spahr , director of the International Astronomical Union 's Minor Planet Center .
" We 're excited since this is the first time we have issued a prediction that an object will enter Earth 's atmosphere . "
" We 're eager for observations from astronomers near the asteroid 's approach path , " said Gareth Williams of the Minor Planet Center .
" We really hope that someone will manage to photograph it . "
The Minor Planet Center , at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , is a worldwide clearinghouse for asteroid and comet observations .
It collects and disseminates observations and calculates orbits .
All About Space Technology • Astronomy
Oct 16 2008
ASP.NET MVC and Json.NET
This is an ActionResult I wrote to return JSON from ASP .
NET MVC to the browser using Json.NET .
The benefit of using JsonNetResult over the built in JsonResult is you get a better serializer ( IMO [ : ) ] ) and all the other benefits of Json.NET like nicely formatted JSON text .
public class JsonNetResult : ActionResult { public Encoding ContentEncoding { get ; set ; } public string ContentType { get ; set ; } public object Data { get ; set ; } public JsonSerializerSettings SerializerSettings { get ; set ; } public Formatting Formatting { get ; set ; } public JsonNetResult ( ) { SerializerSettings = new JsonSerializerSettings ( ) ; } public override void ExecuteResult ( ControllerContext context ) { if ( context == null ) throw new ArgumentNullException ( " context " ) ; HttpResponseBase response = context .
HttpContext .
Response ; response .ContentType = ! string .IsNullOrEmpty ( ContentType ) ?
ContentType : " application / json " ; if ( ContentEncoding != null ) response .
ContentEncoding = ContentEncoding ; if ( Data != null ) { JsonTextWriter writer = new JsonTextWriter ( response .
Output ) { Formatting = Formatting } ; JsonSerializer serializer = JsonSerializer . Create ( SerializerSettings ) ; serializer .
Serialize ( writer , Data ) ; writer .
Flush ( ) ; } } }
Using JsonNetResult within your application is pretty simple .
The example below serializes the NumberFormatInfo settings for the .NET invariant culture .
public ActionResult GetNumberFormatting ( ) { JsonNetResult jsonNetResult = new JsonNetResult ( ) ; jsonNetResult .
Formatting = Formatting .
Indented ; jsonNetResult .Data = CultureInfo .InvariantCulture.NumberFormat ; return jsonNetResult ; }
And here is the nicely formatted result .
{ " CurrencyDecimalDigits " : 2 , " CurrencyDecimalSeparator " : " . " , " IsReadOnly " : true , " CurrencyGroupSizes " : [ 3 ] , " NumberGroupSizes " : [ 3 ] , " PercentGroupSizes " : [ 3 ] , " CurrencyGroupSeparator " : " , " , " CurrencySymbol " : " ¤ " , " NaNSymbol " : " NaN " , " CurrencyNegativePattern " : 0 , " NumberNegativePattern " : 1 , " PercentPositivePattern " : 0 , " PercentNegativePattern " : 0 , " NegativeInfinitySymbol " : " - Infinity " , " NegativeSign " : " - " , " NumberDecimalDigits " : 2 , " NumberDecimalSeparator " : " . " , " NumberGroupSeparator " : " , " , " CurrencyPositivePattern " : 0 , " PositiveInfinitySymbol " : " Infinity " , " PositiveSign " : " + " , " PercentDecimalDigits " : 2 , " PercentDecimalSeparator " : " . " , " PercentGroupSeparator " : " , " , " PercentSymbol " : " % " , " PerMilleSymbol " : " ‰ " , " NativeDigits " : [ " 0 " , " 1 " , " 2 " , " 3 " , " 4 " , " 5 " , " 6 " , " 7 " , " 8 " , " 9 " ] , " DigitSubstitution " : 1 }
Download source
U.S. Senate candidates Dean Barkley , Al Franken and Norm Coleman .
New polls show Coleman was leading the race at the beginning of last week , but lost the lead by the end of the week .
MPR Photo / Mark Zdechlik
Pollsters will tell you timing is everything in their business .
They say , while their surveys can indicate trends , individual polls are nothing more than snapshots of voter sentiment at the time the questions are asked .
Minnesota Public Radio News and the Humphrey Institute timed their latest polling with the presidential race in mind , in hopes of gauging the impact of the vice presidential debate on Minnesota voters .
Republican U.S. Senator Norm Coleman 's nine - tpoint lead over Democrat Al Franken and Independence Party candidate Dean Barkely was neutralized by the extraordinary financial crisis and the resulting congressional response along with the polarizing reaction to the Vice Presidential debate on Oct.
2 . MPR Graphic / Than Tibbetts
Researchers contacted 346 likely voters three days before that debate between Republican Sarah Palin and Democrat Joe Biden .
They conducted a second survey of 418 likely voters three days after last Thursday 's debate .
The margin of error for both polls was about 5 percent .
Poll director Lawrence Jacobs said the two polls also happened to come before and after congressional approval of the Wall Street bailout .
Jacobs said it's in that context the U.S. Senate race numbers are striking .
DFLer Al Franken said he would have voted against the bailout .
Republican Sen. Norm Coleman supported it .
Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley says he would have voted for it too .
A nearly double digit pre-bailout lead for Coleman in the first poll transformed into 4 point lead for Franken in the second poll .
Among Franken supporters , nearly three quarters are extremely or very enthusiastic about the elections compared to just over half among Coleman supporters .
By contrast , higher proportions of Coleman supporters appear lethargic -- about a quarter are only somewhat enthusiastic and 16 percent are not enthusiastic .
Barkley 's supporters are least excited .
MPR Graphic / Than Tibbetts
" Norm Coleman 's 9 - point lead over Al Franken essentially disappears in the wake of the financial bailout that Congress passed , " Jacobs said .
" He is really suffering the consequences . "
While the poll shows Franken has overtaken Coleman , Franken 's lead is within the margin of error -- leaving Coleman and Franken in a statistical dead heat .
Jacobs says prior to the bailout , 80 percent of those polled said they thought the country was heading in the wrong direction .
After the bailout , that number had risen to 87 percent .
And Franken gained significant support from those who think the country is heading in the wrong direction .
From the first to second poll , Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley 's support stayed at 14 percent .
Jacobs says that could be good news for Franken .
" Barkley does not appear to be benefitting from this backlash as the outsider , " he said .
" It could well be that he is plateauing in his support , and that the kind of angry disconnected voters who were signing on with Dean Barkley maybe are just about at the ceiling in Minnesota . "
But Barkley 's 14 percent is 6 points higher than his showing in the last MPR News / Humphrey Institute poll in August .
Jacobs said with such a close contest , turning out supporters will be critical to the candidates .
He said an analysis of combined data from the two polls shows Franken 's supporters are much more excited about the election than are Coleman's .
" About three - quarters of the Franken supporters are enthusiastic , compared to just over half of Coleman's , " Jacobs said .
" This could be a leading indicator that the turnout come Election Day will be much higher for Al Franken .
That could be bad news for Sen.
Coleman if these numbers continue . "
According to the polls , less than half of Barkley supporters are very or extremely enthusiastic .
There is also troubling news for Franken in the polls .
Franken has the support of just 63 percent of Democrats , compared to Coleman 's 80 percent support among Republicans .
Most Minnesota voters also believe Franken is too liberal .
The second of the two polls shows Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama has significantly more support among likely Minnesota voters than Franken , even though the two will be on the same ticket .
According to the two polls , likely Minnesota voters by a more than two - to - one margin blame Coleman more than Franken for the negative tone of the ads in the Senate race .
And four in 10 told pollsters they 're less likely to vote for the negative candidate .
Along with other past and present administration officials , Attorney General Michael Mukasey supports lawlessness and police state justice .
Weeks after the Supreme Court 's landmark ( June 12 ) Boumediene ruling , he addressed the conservative , pro-war American Enterprise Institute ( on July 21 ) and asked Congress to overrule the High Court - for the third time .
His proposal : -- subvert constitutional and international law ; -- authorize indefinite detentions of Guantanamo and other " war on terror " prisoners ( including US citizens designated " enemy combatants " ) ; and -- deny them habeas rights , due process , and any hope for judicial fairness .
Since June 2004 , the ( conservative ) High Court made three landmark rulings .
Twice Congress intervened , and Mukasey wants a third time .
In Rasul v. Bush ( June 2004 ) , the Court granted Guantanamo detainees habeas rights to challenge their detentions in civil court .
Congress responded with the Detainee Treatment Act ( DTA ) of 2005 subverting the ruling .
In June 2006 , the Supreme Court reacted .
In Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , it held that federal courts retain jurisdiction over habeas cases and that Guantanamo Bay military commissions lack " the power to proceed because ( their ) structures and procedures violate both the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the four Geneva Conventions ( of ) 1949 . "
In October 2006 , Congress responded a second time .
It enacted the Military Commissions Act ( MCA ) - subverting the High Court ruling in more extreme form .
In its menu of illegal provisions , it grants the administration extraordinary unconstitutional powers to detain , interrogate , torture and prosecute alleged terrorist suspects , enemy combatants , or anyone claimed to support them .
It lets the President designate anyone anywhere in the world ( including US citizens ) an " unlawful enemy combatant " and empowers him to arrest and detain them indefinitely in military prisons .
The law states : " no ( civil ) court , justice , or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any claim or cause for action whatsoever .... relating to the prosecution , trial or judgment of .... military commission (s ) .... including challenges to ( their ) lawfulness .... "
On June 12 , 2008 , the High Court again disagreed .
In Boumediene v. Bush , it held that Guantanamo detainees retain habeas rights .
MCA unconstitutionally subverts them , and the administration has no legal authority to deny them due process in civil courts or act as accuser , trial judge and executioner with no right of appeal or chance for judicial fairness .
On July 21 , Mukasey responded , and immediately the ACLU reacted in a same day press release headlined : " Attorney General Wants New Declaration of War Allowing Indefinite Detention and Concealment of Torture . "
It called Mukasey 's speech " an enormous executive branch power grab .... authoriz( ing ) indefinite detention (s ) through a new declaration of armed conflict . "
He asked Congress to redefine habeas through legislation " that will hide the Bush administration 's past wrongdoing - an action that would undermine the constitutional guarantee of due process and conceal systematic ( lawless ) torture and abuse of detainees . "
Like his two predecessors , Mukasey mocks the rule of law and supports harsh police state justice .
He wants Congress to " expand and extend the ' war on terror ' forever " and let the president detain anyone indefinitely without charge or trial .
ACLU 's Washington Legislative Director , Caroline Fredrickson , called this " the last gasp of an administration desperate to rationalize what is a failed legal scheme " - that the Supreme Court thunderously rejected three times .
Mukasey proposes lawlessness and cover - up , " but there is no reason to think that Congress will assist him . "
It " wo n't fall for this latest ( scheme ) to ( suppress ) its wrongdoing . "
Besides , the House Judiciary Committee is now investigating whether high - level administration officials authorized torture and abuse .
Mukasey wants to hide it and is asking Congress to " bury the evidence . "
The ACLU is righteously outraged by this latest attempted power grab .
It rejects Mukasey 's lawlessness and states there is " no need to invent yet another set of legal rules to govern the detention and trial of prisoners held on national security grounds , and the rules that ( Mukasey ) is proposing are fundamentally inconsistent with " constitutional and international law .
The Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) Responds After Mukasey 's September 17 , 2007 nomination for Attorney General , CCR issued the following November 1 , 2007 statement : " Michael Mukasey is not fit to be Attorney General because he supports torture , illegal spying on Americans , and limitless powers for the Executive Branch . "
As the " country 's highest law enforcement official , " he 's obligated " to enforce the law " - not make excuses for the government when it 's in violation .
CCR stands " firmly against Mukasey 's nomination ....
Our country cannot afford to make compromises to our laws , our morals , and our humanity any longer . "
The Senate must reject Attorney General candidates who'll " undermine American justice and shred the Constitution . "
CCR expressed equal outrage on July 21 .
Its Executive Director , Vincent Warren , denounced Mukasey 's proposal in the following excerpted statement : " What Mukasey is doing is a shocking attempt to drag us into years of further legal challenges and delays .
The Supreme Court has definitively spoken " in Boumediene v. Bush and its two prior rulings .
" For six and a half years , " the administration and Congress " have done their best to ( deny due process ) and prevent the courts from reviewing the legality of the detention of the men in Guantanamo .
Congress should be a part of the solution this time by letting the courts do their job . "
For the past six years , CCR litigated for Guantanamo detainee rights and continues to do it .
It organized and coordinated over 500 pro bono lawyers for everyone held there illegally .
Most recently , it represented plaintiffs in the landmark Boumediene v. Bush case - argued on December 5 , 2007 and ruled on June 12 , 2008 .
The Wall Street Journal Reports and Editorializes Its July 22 article states : " Mukasey Seeks Law on Detainees - Congress Is Urged to Limit Rights of Terror Suspects .... in light of a rebuke by the Supreme Court . "
It quotes Mukasey wanting : -- legislative " principles " for " practical " limits on the right of detainees to challenge their incarceration ; -- Congress to give the administration freedom to detain combatants " for the duration of the ( ' war on terror ' ) conflict ; " -- a " reaffirmation of something that was enacted in legislation after September 11 , 2001 " ( a menu of harsh repressive laws ) ; -- no " enemy combatants " released in ( or brought to ) the US ( even to appear in civil court ) ; -- no intelligence ( or harsh interrogation ) methods revealed ( so evidence of torture and abuse is suppressed ) , and -- military officers ( and intelligence officials ) to be excused from testifying ( because what they know is damning ) .
On its editorial page , the Journal is supportive .
It called Mukasey 's proposal " modest " on a " difficult " issue over which " different judges even on the same court will disagree . "
Mukasey wants congressional " guidance " because there 's risk of " inconsistent rulings and considerable uncertainty . "
According to the Journal , Mukasey " was right in stepping forward to say that someone has to take responsibility for the consequences of the Supreme Court 's 5 - 4 " Boumediene ruling .
It wants " Congress ( to ) give one court jurisdiction over ( all detainee ) cases " and not let the process " bog down into a Babel of conflicting procedural and legal rulings . "
Mukasey is " right " to ask Congress to settle the issue , ( regardless of three landmark High Court rulings ) .
In other words : -- constitutional and international laws do n't apply ; -- judicial fairness is a dead letter ; -- presidential power is supreme ; and -- Congress must support the executive and overrule the highest court in the land .... A " modest ( police state ) proposal " according to the Journal and one it clearly supports .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
CONCORD , N.H.  Senator Barack Obama portrayed Senator John McCain as out of step with America ’s concerns as he opened an aggressive front on Friday in television advertisements and campaign appearances that were intended to pacify Democrats who are jittery over the direction of the presidential campaign .
“ We ca n’t afford four more years of out - of - touch , you ’re - on - your - own leadership in Washington , ” Mr. Obama said in Dover , N.H. “ John McCain likes to rail against the Washington herd , but the truth is when it comes to issues that really matter in your lives , he ’s been running in that herd for 26 years . ”
As he began a two - day campaign trip to New Hampshire , Mr. Obama also sought to tie his Republican rival to President Bush more closely through a coordinated , partywide message .
He barely mentioned the newest figure in the race , the one who has sharply changed the political dynamic  Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska  as he tried to turn the contest back into a one - on - one fight with Mr. McCain .
But it was the Republican ticket that continued to dominate national television coverage on Friday , with Ms. Palin appearing again on ABC News in a hourlong prime - time special on the program “ 20/20 ” ; that followed an interview with the anchor Charles Gibson that was broadcast on Thursday night .
Young and returning voters continue to flock to Sen.
Barack Obama , but the potentially game - changing question of how heavily they will turn out for Tuesday 's election still lingers .
A new poll shows that 69 % of new and returning voters plan to vote for Sen.
Obama , up from 61 % just a month ago .
In the survey , conducted by The Wall Street Journal , NBC News and the MySpace networking Web site , just 27 % said they planned to vote for Sen. John McCain .
( See full results . )
The ...
One dead , thousands without power and the first October snow in London in 74 YEARS as Arctic blast sweeps across UK
One man was killed and thousands were left without power today after inches of snow fell across the country overnight .
Just two days after the end of British Summertime , the first snowfall of the year saw a lorry driver killed when his vehicle collided with another lorry on the M40 in Buckinghamshire .
Tonnes of lard being carried in one of the lorries was left strewn over all six lanes of the motorway causing long delays .
Weather victim : A lorry driver was killed when his vehicle collided with another lorry on the M40 in Buckinghamshire this morning
Thousands of homeowners were today without power after high voltage cables were brought down by the night 's snowfall .
Clusters of homes in Hertfordshire , Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire were affected and energy provider EDF said it would work throughout the day to reconnect supplies .
Even London was hit by a light dusting last night - the first time the capital has seen snow in October since 1934 .
The last time snow settled on London in October , Britain was in the midst of an economic depression , the prime minister was losing his grip on power and Spurs were at the start of a season that would see them relegated from top flight football .
As the French say , plus ca change .
While the capital woke to its first October blanketing since 1934 , the rest of the South had its first pre-Halloween snowfalls since the 1970s .
The unseasonal flurries , caused by a blast of air from the Arctic , were welcomed by millions of children in the middle of their half - term holidays .
Hoofprints in the snow : A horse thunders across frozen fields in Bellingdon , Buckinghamshire , on Wednesday
A commuter cycles home in snowy Coventry , cutting a track through the fresh layer
A car heads through blizzard - like conditions in Stevenage , Hertfordshire
But thousands of homes were without power in Bedfordshire , Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire after two inches of snow damaged high voltage cables in temperatures of minus 4c .
The icy conditions also brought chaos to the roads across the South , Midlands and East Anglia .
And commuter trains ground to a halt when snow fell off overhanging branches onto the lines .
While the wintry dusting soon vanished in Wednesday 's sunshine and showers , more snow was forecast for Wales last night .
Bookmakers were forced to slash the odds of a white Christmas from 8/1 to 6/1 in London after a flurry of bets , despite assurances from the Met Office that the winter will be a mild one .
The cold snap saw snow falling on London
It was the first time snow has settled in North London in October for decades
The Millennium Bridge over the Thames was coated in snow
Forecasters said temperatures would start to rise over the next few days .
Met Office spokesman Barry Gromett said : ' The last time snow was on the ground in the South East in October was 1974 , while London has n't had October snow on the ground for 74 years . '
In 1934 , Britain was in the fifth year of the Great Depression - an economic downturn fuelled by greedy bankers and incompetent economists .
The prime minister , Ramsay MacDonald , had formed a National Government dominated by Conservatives and was hated by his former Labour colleagues .
Within a year he had resigned .
Poor Tottenham
Hotspur ended the season being relegated and got through three managers in just a few months .
Back in 2008 , the Met Office spokesman explained the cold snap : ' It has been caused by an area of low pressure coming from the north dragging down Arctic air .
' What 's also unusual is that the lowest layer of the atmosphere - the troposphere - is much thinner than usual for October .
Normally it would be 40,000 ft deep , but now is around 25,000ft and it's an indication of the coldness of the air .
' It 's created the conditions where warm air has risen sharply and created the conditions for showers and more extreme weather . '
The sub -zero temperatures hit on Tuesday night .
Hertfordshire had the most snow , with around three inches .
Most affected areas had one to two inches .
Hundreds of trees became casualties of the freak weather conditions and were brought down by the weight of snow on leaves and branches .
Cancelled : A football match between Luton and Bournemouth was abandoned when snow fell on the pitch
City - based sheepdog Alfred had never seen real sheep until a few months ago , but his natural instincts are coming back after a few days on a farm .
The Old English sheepdog are is to being pampered at his home in a suburb of Melbourne , but owner Margaret Duke is now training him for a ' city slickers ' competition at the Victoria Herding Association championships
Credit : NEWSPIX / REX FEATURES
At the weekend , David Frum , a leading Republican thinker and former speechwriter for Mr Bush , wrote in the " Washington Post " that Mr McCain was doomed and " is losing in a way that threatens to take the entire Republican Party down with him "
The only hope for Republicans , he argued , was to divert resources to prevent the Democratic majority of 51 to 49 turning into a 60 to 40 majority which would be filibuster - proof and therefore enable an Obama administration and Democratic Congress to push through a Left - wing agenda .
The recent Million Women breast cancer study , which found that having children and breastfeeding protected against the disease , confirmed the findings of the 17th - century Italian physician Bernardino Ramazzini , who came to the same conclusion after discovering nuns were more likely to develop breast cancer than the general female population .
Nun-testing may sound old - fashioned , but in fact it 's still rather common .
The Nun Study , an ongoing investigation into Alzheimer 's disease , involves 678 School Sisters of Notre Dame , originally ranging in age from 75 to 102 , all of whom agreed to leave their brains to science .
Spain 's Centre for Information on Beer and Health fed beer to 50 nuns , half a litre a day for 45 days , in order to establish a link between beer consumption and lower cholesterol rates .
Between 1967 and 2000 , 200 nuns participated in a study about the benefits of calcium in preventing osteoporosis , which required , among other things , a hospital stay of eight days every five years .
Two years ago 15 cloistered Carmelite nuns underwent scans in order to determine if there was a spiritual centre or " God spot " in the brain ( there is n't , apparently ) .
Why pester the nuns ?
One obvious reason is that the strictures of convent lifestyle make for an ideal control group .
" Many factors that confound ( or confuse ) the findings of other studies are either eliminated or minimised because of the relatively homogeneous adult lifestyles and environments of these women , " reads the website of the Alzheimer 's study .
" Participants in this study are non-smokers , drink little if any alcohol , have the same marital status and reproductive history , have lived in similar housing , held similar jobs and had similar access to preventive and medical care . "
They 're also altruistic , which means they 're willing to participate without complaining or expecting payment , simply in order to advance medical science .
Their record - keeping tends to be scrupulous and their archives often go way back .
And because they have no families , it is usually less problematic to take their organs for analysis when they die .
If you 've ever asked yourself , " What have the nuns done for me lately ? " , now you know .
They proved beer is good for you .
Researchers developing alternatives to fossil fuels are working with everything from algae to babassu oilto corn , but a California company says it can recycle carbon dioxide into fuel .
Carbon Sciences claims it has developed a way of using the CO2 emitted during the combustion of coal , oil and other hydrocarbons to create transportation fuels like gasoline and jet fuel .
Should Carbon Sciences — or any of the other firms working on similar projects — accomplish this on a large scale , it could bring a reduction in CO2 emissions as well as an abundant supply of renewable fuel .
" We are very excited about our novel process to transform CO2 into fuel , " says company CEO Derek McLeish .
" Based on our research to date , we believe that we will be able to demonstrate our technology within the next several months with a prototype that can convert a stream of CO2 into an immediately flammable liquid fuel . "
Fossil fuels are comprised of chains of hydrogen and carbon atoms called , appropriately , hydrocarbons .
The more carbon atoms in the chain , the greater its energy content .
Gasoline , for example , has seven to 10 carbon atoms , while jet fuel has 10 to 16 .
When those hydrocarbons are burned , they release carbon dioxide .
Theoretically , the carbon dioxide could be split and its carbon atoms used to make more hydrocarbons .
But CO2 is very stable and breaking it up requires so much heat and pressure that it has not been economically viable .
Carbon Sciences says it has solved that problem .
" We 're very excited by what we 've seen in the lab , " McLeish told CNN .
" We 've had some promising results . "
The company says its " C02 - to - Fuel " technology uses CO2 to create ethane , propane and methane , three run -of - the mill hydrocarbons used to make high - grade gasoline and other fuels .
The key to the process is biocatalysis , a process where natural catalysts are used to perform chemical reactions .
Biocatalysis is a more energy efficient and cost - effective way to break down CO2 , making the possibility of a large - scale ramp up economically feasible .
The approach uses a low energy biocatalytic hydrolysis process that splits water molecules into hydrogen atoms and hydroxide ions , says Dr. Naveed Aslam , the company 's chief technology officer and inventor of the process .
The hydrogen is used to create hydrocarbons , while the free electrons in the hydroxide are used to fuel the biocatalytic process , he says .
The process " is based on natural organic chemistry processes that occur in all living organisms where carbon atoms , extracted from CO2 , and hydrogen atoms extracted from H2O , are combined to create hydrocarbon molecules using biocatalysts and small amounts of energy . "
As for collecting the CO2 , Carbon Sciences wo n't just erect a big filter in the sky and hope for the best .
The idea is to set up shop alongside oil refineries and and coal plants and capture the CO2 such facilities generate .
Carbon Sciences is n't the only outfit seeking viable ways to recycle carbon dioxide .
Scientists at Sandia National Laboratory have developed a way to use sunlight to convert CO2 into fuel .
Newcastle
University researchers can use CO2 to create chemical compounds called cyclic carbonates .
The compounds are used in many solvents and also could be used as an additive to make gasoline burn more efficiently .
The potential benefits of this technology should not be understated .
Not only would it capture greenhouse gases otherwise released into the atmosphere , but it would create a renewable source of fuel .
" This is about closing the cycle , " Ellen Stechel , manager of
Sandia 's Fuels and Energy Transitions department , told us earlier this year as she discussed the lab 's Sunlight to Petrol project .
" Right now our fossil fuels are emitting CO2 .
This would help us manage and reduce our emissions and put us on the path to a carbon - neutral energy system . "
Michael North , a professor of organic chemistry at Newcastle University , notes that renewable sources of hydrocarbons would benefit much more than the transportation sector .
" People do n't seem to realize that ten percent of everything that comes out of an oil well does n't go to the fuel industry — it drives the chemical industry , " he tells CNN .
" Not only are we facing a fuel crisis , but the entire chemical industry is likely to cease to exist .
So we desperately need to find ways of making chemical materials out of CO2 . "
Post updated 12:30 p.m. PST .
Photo by Flickr userSenor Codo .*
*
by Addison Wiggin & Ian Mathias
Senate passes bailout bill … 451 pages of total Washington insanity
Byron King on the “ Tsushima effect ” hitting the U.S …. and what shares to for protection
SEC extends shorting ban … the one event that could legalize short selling
The one sector our options aficionado is watching like a hawk
Singapore SWF changes investment allocations … have they been reading The 5 ?
The dollar ’s unbelievable performance during the credit crisis
What started as a three - page “ blank check ” request for $ 700 billion to buy “ toxic ” assets on Wall Street , has now passed the Senate as a 451 - page pork - laden piece of detritus .
Ian sifted through the table of contents for tax exemptions and picked out a few of his favorites :
Sec. 101 : Extension of alternative minimum tax relief for nonrefundable personal credits .
Sec. 102 : Extension of increased alternative minimum tax exemption amount .
Sec. 201 : Deduction for state and local sales taxes .
Sec. 202 : Deduction of qualified tuition and related expenses .
Sec. 203 : Deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers .
Sec. 204 : Additional standard deduction for real property taxes for nonitemizers .
Sec. 205 : Tax - free distributions from individual retirement plans for charitable purposes .
Sec. 304 : Extension of look - thru rule for related controlled foreign corporations .
Sec. 305 : Extension of 15 - year straight - line cost recovery for qualified leasehold improvements and qualified restaurant improvements ; 15 - year straight - line cost recovery for certain improvements to retail space .
Sec. 307 : Basis adjustment to stock of S corporations making charitable contributions of property .
Sec. 308 : Increase in limit on cover over of rum excise tax to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
Sec. 309 : Extension of economic development credit for American Samoa .
Sec. 310 : Extension of mine rescue team training credit .
Sec. 311 : Extension of election to expense advanced mine safety equipment .
Sec. 312 : Deduction allowable with respect to income attributable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico .
Sec. 314 : Indian employment credit .
Sec. 315 : Accelerated depreciation for business property on Indian reservations .
Sec. 316 : Railroad track maintenance .
Sec. 317 : Seven - year cost recovery period for motorsports racing track facility .
Sec. 318 : Expensing of environmental remediation costs .
Sec. 319 : Extension of work opportunity tax credit for Hurricane Katrina employees .
Sec. 320 : Extension of increased rehabilitation credit for structures in the Gulf Opportunity Zone .
Sec. 321 : Enhanced deduction for qualified computer contributions .
Sec. 322 : Tax incentives for investment in the District of Columbia .
Sec. 323 : Enhanced charitable deductions for contributions of food inventory .
Sec. 324 : Extension of enhanced charitable deduction for contributions of book inventory .
Sec. 325 : Extension and modification of duty suspension on wool products ; wool research fund ; wool duty refunds .
Sec. 401 : Permanent authority for undercover operations [ as related to tax provisions ] .
Sec. 402 : Permanent authority for disclosure of information relating to terrorist activities [ as related to tax provisions ] .
Sec. 501 : $ 8,500 income threshold used to calculate refundable portion of child tax credit .
Sec. 502 : Provisions related to film and television productions .
Sec. 503 : Exemption from excise tax for certain wooden arrows designed for use by children .
Sec. 504 : Income averaging for amounts received in connection with the Exxon Valdez litigation .
Sec. 505 : Certain farming business machinery and equipment treated as five - year property .
Sec. 506 : Modification of penalty on understatement of taxpayer ’s liability by tax return preparer .
Sec. 601 : Secure rural schools and community self - determination program .
Sec. 602 : Transfer to abandoned mine reclamation fund .
Sec. 702 : Temporary tax relief for areas damaged by 2008 Midwestern severe storms , tornados and flooding .
Sec. 704 : Temporary tax - exempt bond financing and low - income housing tax relief for areas .
Sec. 709 : Waiver of certain mortgage revenue bond requirements following federally declared disasters .
Sec. 710 : Special depreciation allowance for qualified disaster property .
Sec. 711 : Increased expensing for qualified disaster assistance property .
Seriously , did they think no one was going to read this thing ?
“ Increase in limit on cover over of rum excise tax to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands ” ?
“ Seven - year cost recovery period for motorsports racing track facility ” ?
“ Extension and modification of duty suspension on wool products ; wool research fund ; wool duty refunds ” ?
It ’s one thing to drown a piece of legislation with pork .
But the urgency laid on thick by the administration and Sen .
Gregg over the last two days all but guaranteed even armchair economists like yours truly would be reading this thing line by line .
C’mon , fellas .
Could n’t you be a little more discreet ?
Guess you just could n’t help yourselves .
Maybe it ’s us… maybe we ’re just thinking about this whole thing the wrong way .
Yesterday , we began renovating our headquarters in the Mount Vernon district of downtown Baltimore .
Maybe we should be sending Ian down to Sen .
Mikulski ’s office in Little Italy and squeezing a “ tax exemption for historic renovation ” into the WALL STREET BAILOUT BILL !
There are also “ provisions for the television and film industries . ”
We made a movie .
Maybe we could get a few of those , too .
Oh , there they are — " foreclosure mitigation efforts ” …
No. 109 . Good .
At least Hank Paulson got what he wanted .
Under Section 115 of the bill , Paulson will get $ 250 billion to start .
Then , with congressional and presidential approval , he can get up to $ 350 billion .
And then , if he still needs more , Bush and Congress can authorize him to have up to $ 700 billion “ outstanding at any one time . ”
What the last phrase really means , we ’re not sure .
But if Congress meant to say the Treasury secretary could receive no more than $ 700 billion for his effort , we imagine they ’d have worded it that way .
Let ’s not forget … the bill bumps the national “ debt ceiling ” again , this time to $ 11.3 trillion .
If this bill worms its way through the House , the tally for all the various rescue measures launched by U.S. authorities this year runs to about $ 1.8 trillion — more than the total economic output of both Canada and Spain last year .
Both the presidential candidates flew in on campaign - funded private jets to vote “ yea ” on the measure .
" I have not heard either candidate talk about the $ 53 trillion worth of unfunded liabilities that we have as a nation , ” I.O.U.S.A. star Paul O’Neill said last night on MSNBC , “ that we need to do something about , or we ’re going to have a problem that makes this current financial crisis look like child ’s play not too far down the road . "
“ The bottom line is that the U.S. is now at the edge of an economic Tsushima , ” writes Byron King .
Tsushima ?
“ That was the epic battle fought at sea in May 1905 , when the Japanese navy annihilated a Russian fleet off the shores of Korea .
It was a defining moment of the last century , when the rest of the world realized that Europeans and their weapons and policies could be defeated .
Many of the ‘ liberation movements ’ of the 20th century ( from Indochina and the Philippines to Persia and Egypt ) trace their roots to the symbolism of Tsushima .
“ And now we see the U.S. — and , more generally , Western — models of monetary governance and investment going down the tubes .
People are talking about a ‘ Greater Depression . ’
The usually sober Steve Forbes claims that the U.S. economy is ‘ in cardiac arrest . ’
“ If Congress passes any sort of bailout plan — allegedly to re-energize the world ’s credit markets — it will rapidly inject about $ 700 billion into the world financial system .
It looks like almost all of these ‘ bailout bucks ’ will be new money .
That will dilute the buying power of every other dollar already in circulation .
It ’s basic economics .
And it ’s almost the textbook definition of inflation .
“ So that ’s why people are buying gold .
And that ’s also why — in a volatile market — it ’s probably a safe long - term bet to pick up precious metal mining shares now .
Could the shares still go lower ?
Sure , anything can happen .
But will the U.S. dollar keep on losing purchasing power ?
As surely as night follows day . ”
Byron just issued a special report of six “ screaming buys ” in the mining sector .
Get the list of tickers by subscribing , here .
Elsewhere in Washington , the SEC extended their ban on short selling .
Who would have guessed they ’d do that ?
Oh yeah , we did .
The ban will now last until Oct 17 .
However , the SEC hinted this morning that if Congress passes an acceptable bailout package before then , it may lift the ban early .
Ironic , is n’t it ?
That Monday ’s 777 - point decline in the Dow — the biggest point fall in history — occurred without a single short seller .
General Electric remains on the “ do not short ” list .
Warren Buffett said he bought $ 3 billion worth of GE yesterday .
The common shares ?
Of course not …
Just like his deal with Goldman Sachs last week , the Oracle got a sweet package of preferred stock .
They ’ll pay a hefty 10 % dividend and can be bought back by the company in three years for a 10 % premium .
Buffett also got warrants to buy $ 3 billion more of GE for $ 22 a share … anytime in the next 5 years .
Shares of GE were down as much as 8 % when the company announced it would be raising $ 15 billion , but then rallied to “ just ” 2 % losses when Buffett ’s role was revealed .
The broader market did the same .
Stocks started low and managed to work their way back to small losses yesterday .
The Dow fell 0.2 % , the S&P 0.5 % , and the Nasdaq 1 % .
Despite the Senate ’s approval of the Wall Street Bailout bill , the Dow opened down 100 points this morning and fell another 100 points by lunch - time .
“ I ’m telling my subscribers , ” writes options aficionado Wayne Burritt , “ to keep an eagle eye on positive changes in real estate market data .
After all , it ’s common knowledge that the implosion of real estate prices — and the shell game of incessant refinancing and purchases parlayed by lousy lenders and borrowers — sparked the subprime mess we ’re wallowing in right now .
“ As a result , it ’s just as clear that when the real estate market begins to recover , everyone will breathe a bit easier .
When real estate prices start stabilizing , bankers will begin to feel better about their collateral , buyers will look at real estate as a solid investment again and investors of all shapes and sizes will flock to the sector — once again — for opportunity and profits .
“ I ’m not calling the bottom in the real estate market … at least not yet .
There ’s simply too much risk out there .
But the government ’s recent moves — especially the nationalization of undercapitalized Fannie / Freddie and the eventual bailout package — are certainly steps in the ‘ right ’ direction .
“ All told , the fundamentals supporting a bullish market are improving as we speak .
And while it ’s going to continue to be tough out there , opportunities are emerging like never before . ”
( BTW , if you want Wayne ’s trading advice be sure to check out his new service , Easy Money Options . )
Singapore ’s $ 100 billion sovereign wealth fund says it ’s shifted its focus toward emerging markets , hedge funds , natural resources and infrastructure .
Heh , sound familiar ?
In its first ever annual report last month , the Government of Singapore Investment Corp ( GIC ) revealed a much more aggressive investment plan .
Gone are the days of fixed income and boring blue chips , the GIC ’s governance said .
Aside from their recent losses on UBS and Citigroup , the GIC has traditionally underperformed Tamasek , the other Singaporean SWF , as well as other mega - funds around the world .
" Looking ahead , we see a more challenging investment environment than what we have seen since GIC ’s formation in 1981 , " said the GIC CIO , Ng Kok Song .
The dollar ’s performance during all this madness has been nothing short of amazing .
Witness the dollar index – at the height of the U.S. credit crisis – soaring to a one year high :
“ We all sat here and shook our heads in disbelief yesterday , ” Chuck Butler tells us , “ as the ISM Index ( manufacturing ) collapsed in September , but the dollar rallied anyway .
The ISM Index fell from 49 to 43.5 , the lowest print since October 2001 , which happened to be near the end of the 2001 recession and right after the awful period following 9/11 .
“ To me this really paints the recession picture clear and bright for all to see .
So , why did the dollar rally with this albatross around its neck ?
Can you say , bailout package ?
I knew you could ! ”
Thus many of the world ’s currencies are looking cheap today .
The euro is at $ 1.38 , down seven cents this week .
Same with the pound , down to $ 1.76 .
Seems like a buying opportunity for the loonie , down to $ 0.93 .
Kudos to the Japanese yen for holding its ground at 105 .
And as the dollar goes up , commodities go down .
Oil has fallen well off its recent perch , down an extra few bucks to $ 93 a barrel today .
Gold is suffering the same fate too , now as low as $ 850 an ounce .
“ It is unfortunate that some , many , most people still do n’t get it , ” writes a reader of yesterday ’s inbox .
“ The government can ‘ print money ’ but it cannot ‘ create wealth . ’
If $ 700 billion of created out of thin air money is good and will make everybody better off , why not go all out and really fix things ?
What ’s wrong with $ 3 trillion , or $ 700 trillion .
Hell , just go ahead and make everybody rich .
Too bad your reader will probably be voting in a few weeks .
Money vs. wealth .
It ’s not a difficult concept to grasp . ”
“ Saying less financial regulation will solve our problems , ” writes a reader , “ is like saying removing criminal laws will reduce crime .
Will murder rates go down if we ‘ deregulate ’ murder ?
Hardly .
The Wild West days are long behind us and we do n’t need to bring them back .
“ Government may not be terribly efficient at regulating because of politics and money .
But there HAS to be rules .
Wall Street is not insulated from the rest of the economy .
When they fail , they take us with them .
We ’re getting the result of decades of deregulation , where " self regulation " was the new great idea .
That ’s working great , do n’t you think ?
“ And even more telling , the derivatives market had NO regulation .
How ’s that working out ?
“ I agree on no bailouts .
But we need to reinstate usury laws and we need regulation of the financial industry . ”
“ Cox and colleagues at the SEC , ” notes another , “ are RELAXING the mark - to - market accounting requirement businesses must use to value the toxic assets on their books … you know , the crap no investor with as much as a neuron between his ears ( except Hank and Ben ) would touch with a 10 - foot pole .
“ Anyway , all I can say is , ‘ JESUS H. CHRIST !’
Are these people really so out of touch as to not understand that this is what got us into this mess ?!
I am no brainiac but I am at least minimally observant .
How they can come up with this stuff , and actually say it with a straight face , is unfathomable . ”
The 5 : Amen .
Addison Wiggin ,
The 5 Min. Forecast
So it 's over .
What started with bluegrass ended with Falstaff .
There have been no more raccoons ( although I did see a whole family of five scuttling across Jefferson last week ) .
And while I confess I am still baffled by the squeamishness of some locals over being associated with bluegrass ( I have yet to hear mention of another kind of music that could be associated with the area ) , I understand much more now why so many are proud of Roanoke and were sensitive to the possibility that it would be maligned or caricatured on the international stage .
Friendly , vibrant , engaging , complex , diverse ( economically more than ethnically ) are just a few descriptions that spring to mind .
The photo gallery that accompanies this piece hopefully gives a flavour of the city in all its glory and gory daily life .
I also stand by my original description of Roanoke as eccentric .
One evening I discussed pillaging with a man dressed as a Viking .
His beard was plaited and he had an Obama sticker on his helmet .
He said the woman with him was not his girlfriend , she just made his mead .
It 's not that people did n't notice , but the fact he was dressed as a Viking did n't seem to come up in any conversation .
When I brought it up it was like I was the strange one .
It was just one evening ; and he was just one Viking .
But along with the Obama supporter who would n't hear a bad word said about the confederate general Robert E Lee , the drama over the mouse infestation in the city market ( did the mayor really compare it to 9/11 ? ) and the lady with the monkey and the hats at NoShame Theatre , I do n't think " eccentric " is a push .
Particularly after the Nader voter who brandished a gun in my direction .
On one of my last nights in town I bumped into Chris Walters , last seen at the Republican vice - presidential debate watching party a few weeks back .
We were at the urinals in Fork in the Alley and Chris thought this would be an ideal time to impugn my journalism .
He said I misquoted him as saying : " I did n't dislike John McCain .
But he is an independent thinker and I'm a conservative . "
I checked .
I did n't .
He then told me I had come " with an agenda " .
I reminded him that I was one of the few people who had suggested that " Palin had edged it " .
Chris said if that was true he would apologise .
I 'm still waiting .
I guess being a Republican means never having to say you 're sorry .
But he was right on one thing .
I did come with an agenda .
To find out how this election was playing out in Roanoke , on issues both big and small .
There were some stories I wish I 'd had the time to pursue .
I wanted to do one on gay life in the town , which seems to be a hub for gay folk from many miles around .
I also wanted to write about the large number of mixed - race couples I seemed to spot everywhere .
A few had spoken to me about issues with their extended families ( some of them political ) that I thought were intriguing .
Most criminally I did not cover the war .
I did make some calls , which lead to nothing .
But since it kept not coming up I decided not to force it .
Then at the Obama rally his biggest cheer was when he promised to stop the war .
And I thought - it's in there somewhere , I wish I 'd spent more time on it .
Finally I wish I 'd been able to get a better sense of what the Republicans were up to .
I tried .
God knows I tried .
But while those on the Obama campaign were extremely friendly and open , the Republicans were ... well , more elusive .
I sent two emails to the local Republican functionary , Mr Reedy , telling him " I 'm very keen to cover some Republican activities in the area and was wondering if you could point me in the right direction .
" We spent a morning , with a cameraman , at the Democratic party offices yesterday morning , spoke to some of their volunteers and went out canvassing with them .
I was wondering if there was anything similar we could do with the Republican volunteers .
" We are committed , whenever possible , to present local politics in its entirety in a fair and balanced manner . "
I thought the fair and balanced thing might reel him in .
No dice .
I went by the office but he told me not to come in as no one would be able to speak to me without prior approval from on high .
I blame this on the organisation .
Most Republicans
I did actually meet outside the campaign and away from the urinals were quite pleasant .
Sarah Palin is coming to the next - door town of Salem on Monday .
I wish I could be here to see it
So with all those omissions what did I find out ?
That the Obama campaign seems better organized , better funded and in better spirits .
That both parties have problems with their bases - Republicans with evangelicals and Democrats with African Americans .
But while the Democratic problem is purely organisational , the Republican problem is more profoundly political .
If the Republicans are fighting hard here , then they are fighting hard almost everywhere .
And that means they are in serious trouble .
I came because I thought it would be interesting .
It was .
But I did n't count on it actually being fun .
So thank you , Roanoke .
And goodbye .
· Contact Gary Younge at g.younge@theguardian.com
( Mental Floss ) --
Over the centuries , people have had some very good reasons to dress up like a member of the opposite sex .
And I 'm not talking about people who live this way out of personal preference , or those who dress up for theater and entertainment .
Here are just five examples .
1. Cross -dressing to join the army
Until recently , women have rarely been allowed to serve as soldiers .
So what was a gal to do if she wanted to serve her country ?
Naturally , disguise herself as a man and join the troops .
At least 400 Civil War soldiers were women in drag .
These included Union Army soldier " Frank Thompson " ( also known as Sarah Edmonds ) , whose small frame and feminine mannerisms ( rather than causing suspicion ) made her an ideal spy , as she could spy on the Confederates disguised as ... a woman !
She was n't the first woman to don a male disguise and join the army , though .
During the Revolutionary War , women fought as men on both sides .
Hannah Snell , for example , joined the British army to find her husband , who had walked out on her to enlist .
Once her true sex was discovered ( thanks to a pesky groin injury ) , she became a national celebrity in Britain , and made a post - war career of performing in bars as the " Female Warrior . "
Mental Floss :
The Confederacy 's plan to conquer Latin America
2. Cross -dressing to keep a royal family together
With all the power play that went on in the court , the French royal family would go to great lengths to avoid sibling rivalry .
In one of the more extreme cases , Philippe I , Duke of Orleans ( 1640 - 1701 ) , was raised as a girl to discourage him from any political or military aspirations .
This would make things easier for his brother , the future King Louis XIV .
Philippe wore dresses and make - up , enjoyed traditionally feminine pursuits , and was even encouraged towards homosexuality .
A girly man he might have been , but he married twice and even had a mistress .
When necessary , he could even lead an army into battle .
( This is the nation , after all , that gave us that famous cross- dresser Joan of Arc. )
A brave commander , he would go into battle wearing high heels , plenty of jewelry and a long , perfumed wig .
One of his wives claimed that Philippe 's biggest fear when going into battle was not bullets , but the possibility of looking a mess .
He avoided gunpowder ( with the black smoke stains ) and did n't wear a hat , to avoid ruining his hair .
Mental Floss : 11 weird & wonderful wedding rings
3. Cross -dressing to win Olympic glory
Dressing in drag has been part of the Olympics ( on and off ) since ancient times , when women were banned from the bulk of the Games .
The Greek historian Pausanias of Damascus said that if a spectator was uncovered as a woman in male disguise , she was duly escorted off the premises ... and thrown off a cliff .
In later Games , the athletes started performing naked , and the crowd was also ordered to disrobe .
It has been suggested that this was to ensure that they were all men .
In the modern Olympics , there has been less disrobing -- and not much cross-dressing , either .
Gender tests have been normal procedure since 1966 ( for athletes , not spectators ) , so they could n't really get away with it .
Before that time , one of the strangest -- and most controversial -- cases was Polish sprinter Stanislawa Walasiewicz ( aka Stella Walsh ) , who set 11 world records in her career , winning the 100 - meter Olympic finals in 1932 with what one official described as " long man - like strides . "
After she died in 1980 , however , it was revealed that she had indeed been a man .
So had he deliberately set out to fool everyone all that time ?
Perhaps not .
Walasiewicz had a condition known as " mosaicism , " which gave her male chromosomes .
Did they give her an unfair advantage ?
It is difficult to say .
However , if she tried out for the Olympics today , she would not be allowed to compete as a woman .
Mental Floss : 13 medal - worthy Olympic stories
4. Cross -dressing to commit espionage
There have been many instances of cross-dressing spies ( including Sarah Edmonds , mentioned above ) , but one of the most impressive deceptions in history was carried out by Shi Pei - Pu , a singer with the Beijing Opera ( in which , traditionally , all roles are played by men ) .
In 1964 he disguised himself as a woman to seduce Bernard Boursicot , an attache in the French Foreign Service .
Their affair lasted 20 years ( on and off ) , during which Boursicot passed several official documents to Shi , believing that " her " safety was at risk if he did n't participate .
After they were separated in 1965 , Shi came back into Boursicot 's life by claiming to be pregnant , and even revealed a baby boy .
They later lived as a family .
The happy couple was eventually arrested for espionage in 1983 , and Shi's secret was revealed , Crying Game style , to the stunned Boursicot .
But how did they have this romance for so long without Bousicot knowing the truth ?
Officially , they rarely made love , and always did it hurriedly and in darkness -- something that Boursicot always ascribed to Shi's demure Chinese upbringing .
One theory , however , is that he always knew the truth , but played dumb to conceal his homosexuality .
( He later came out . )
The affair was the basis for the play " M. Butterfly . "
It was filmed in 1993 , starring Jeremy Irons and former Beijing Opera player John Lone ( better known for the title role in the film " The Last Emperor " ) .
5. Cross -dressing to get rowdy
Hindu women in India have traditionally lived inhibited lives , tending the home for their families .
But on one night each year , in the city of Jodhpur , they come to life at the so - called " Festival of Fun . "
Dressed as noblemen , complete with turbans and large fake mustaches , they walk the streets in gangs , brandishing sticks , beating any males who are foolish enough to be out there .
The festival celebrates an ancient domestic dispute between the Hindu god Shiva and his wife Ganwar .
While the women sing devotional songs asking the goddess to return to her husband , they also take this as their only opportunity to do what they long to do all year : behave like men .
Their husbands , respecting the tradition , let them go wild .
It sounds like fun ( as long as you 're not a clueless male who forgot to stay at home that night ) , but one thing concerns me : if a woman 's disguise is especially good , does she risk being mistaken for a man and beaten up by her friends ?
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
There is a tendency in Western capitals to dismiss adversarial Iranian behavior as the work of rogue regime factions , which are not representative of Tehran 's true intentions .
Following a Baghdad press conference providing evidence of Iranian weapons shipments to Iraq , [ 1 ] U.S. officials raised doubts about Iran 's actual culpability .
The weapons shipments do " not translate to that the Iranian government per se , for sure , is directly involved in doing this , " Peter Pace , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , noted the next day .
[ 2 ]
On February 14 , 2007 , President George W. Bush said , " What we do n't know is whether or not the head leaders of Iran ordered the Qods Force to do what they did . " [ 3 ]
Likewise , when the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) seized fifteen British sailors patrolling a waterway between Iran and Iraq , commentators suggested that responsibility may rest more with freelancing commanders than the Iranian government . [ 4 ]
Identifying the true decision - makers in the Islamic Republic is essential not only for accountability but also to ensure that any Western diplomatic outreach is targeted at those who have the power to affect regime behavior .
Unfortunately , as U.S. officials again debate negotiations with the Islamic Republic , they simultaneously embrace Iranian reformists and dismiss pariah behavior as the actions of isolated rogue elements .
Such an assessment is backwards , though .
The IRGC represents the core of the Iranian state , and Iran 's reformists are those who , by acting on their own without either state support or any ability to deliver on promises are , in the Iranian context , the true rogue elements .
A Convoluted Power Structure
The Islamic Republic 's overlapping and sometimes parallel power structures often confound Iranians , let alone outside observers .
Since revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's 1989 death , Western officials have often focused their hopes for engagement and their anger at Iranian behavior on the president .
Whether Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani's advocacy of market reforms , Mohammad Khatami's call for a " dialogue of civilizations , " or Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's Holocaust denial , the Iranian president frequently makes headlines in the West .
Such attention is deceptive .
Iranian presidents appoint cabinets but remain subservient to the Council of Guardians and the Expediency Discernment Council .
Revolutionary foundations , which together may control more than half the state budget , [ 5 ] operate outside the purview of Iran 's executive structure .
The judiciary is also a power center , able to wield immense influence beyond even the confines of the court system .
Over all these , however , the " supreme leader " ( rahbar ) has ultimate control .
Khomeini was the first supreme leader , but upon his death , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei assumed the role .
Article 107 of the Islamic Republic 's 1979 constitution defines the responsibilities of the leader : " He is to exercise governance and all the responsibilities arising therefrom . " [ 6 ]
Article 110 makes the supreme leader " supreme commander of the armed forces " with the power to appoint and dismiss the chief of the general staff and the commander in chief of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps .
In addition , the supreme leader forms the Supreme National Defense Council and appoints the supreme commanders of the army , navy , and air force .
He also appoints the heads of the judiciary , the president of state radio and television , the editor of Kayhan daily , executives to oversee editors of nominally independent newspapers , [ 7 ] and Friday prayer leaders who act as his de facto representatives on a provincial or town level .
Unofficially , myriad vigilante groups also enable the supreme leader and his followers to enforce domestic discipline outside constitutional parameters . [ 8 ]
On a day - to - day basis , the supreme leader exerts control through the Office of the Supreme Leader and a system of handpicked representatives who act as his commissars .
Very little is known about the internal functioning of this office , but it probably controls at least 2,000 clerical commissars who permeate every bureaucracy and power center inside Iran and , quite possibly , a few Iranian embassies and cultural centers outside the Islamic Republic 's borders .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's network of representatives allows him to manage the structure and trajectory of state policy without controlling every lever of power . [ 9 ]
Should any political or policy problem arise , Khamenei 's network warns him long before the news would reach his level through the formal hierarchy of power .
Khamenei can , therefore , maintain control through veto .
If Khamenei's will is supreme , the IRGC is his Praetorian Guard .
It emerged in the wake of the Islamic Revolution as a privileged counterpoint to the Iranian army , which the first supreme leader , Ruhollah Khomeini , distrusted .
Throughout the twentieth century , the Iranian army was subordinate to the person of the shah rather than acting as an institution charged with defending the state .
Especially after the challenge from and , eventually , the coup against Mohammad Musaddiq , the shah became dependent upon the army to maintain his rule .
He placed family members in key commands and lavished patronage upon senior officers to buy their loyalty .
Junior officers and enlisted men felt no such loyalty , however , and as the tide turned ahead of Khomeini 's return , many defected to the revolutionary mobs .
Upon seizing power , Khomeini may have needed the army to ensure order and national defense , but he never trusted it .
At best , he felt the army was comprised of opportunists who joined the revolutionary forces to save their own lives .
At worst , he believed they had been loyal to the shah even if they did not choose to fight for him . [ 10 ]
As Khomeini purged what remained of the senior officer corps , [ 11 ] he formed the Revolutionary Guards as the ideological guardians of his new theocracy and a trusted counterbalance to the army . [ 12 ]
The IRGC 's structure suggests the organization adheres closely to the Islamic Republic 's values and goals , if not outright to regime command and control .
Initially , Khomeini incorporated the IRGC into the cabinet .
Mohsen Rezai served as the group 's first and only minister and continued his command after Khomeini made the IRGC a wholly separate entity .
Throughout its existence , the IRGC has had remarkably stable leadership .
Rezai helped stabilize the country after Khomeini's death and ensured a smooth transition to Khamenei 's rule .
Only on September 9 , 1997 , did the supreme leader relieve Rezai of command and , even then , in a manner to provide institutional stability , appointing Rezai 's deputy , Yahya Rahim Safavi , as the IRGC 's new commander in chief .
Safavi , in turn , commanded the IRGC for a decade until September 1 , 2007 , when Khamenei replaced him with Mohammad Ali Ja'fari , the former director of the IRGC's Strategic Studies Center .
In neither case did the leadership transition signal disgrace for the retired chief .
Today , Rezai is secretary of the Expediency Discernment Council while Safavi serves as armed forces and security advisor in the Office of the Supreme Leader .
Are the Revolutionary Guards Rogues ?
During the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations , the White House and State Department have often treated the IRGC as a loose cannon in the Iranian system , if not a rogue element .
The IRGC 's evolution and role , however , suggest that the group has seldom engaged in activities not sanctioned by the Iranian leadership .
Initially , the Guards functioned to ensure internal security only , but Iraqi president Saddam Hussein 's 1980 invasion of Iran pushed the organization into national defense . [ 13 ]
The Iran - Iraq war transformed the IRGC into a multifaceted organization .
The Iranian leadership invested massively in the organization as the Islamic Republic fought for its very existence , and the IRGC resultantly developed not only traditional defense capabilities but also embraced its mission to enforce revolutionary values at home and export them abroad .
For this latter responsibility , the Office of Liberation Movements played a key role .
Charged with supporting revolutionary movements abroad , the office was , until 1982 , part of the Revolutionary Guards and helped catalyze the rise of Shi‘i terrorist and revolutionary movements in Lebanon . [ 14 ]
Led by Mehdi Hashemi , a well - connected revolutionary , the office continued after its separation from the IRGC as an independent entity coordinating not only operations in Lebanon but also aid to the Afghan mujahideen .
While the office had lost its official status — giving the Iranian leadership plausible deniability from its activities — it based itself in Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri 's office in Qom and so , clearly , enjoyed state sanction : Montazeri at the time was Khomeini 's deputy . [ 15 ]
As Iranian casualties at the front increased , Tehran 's diplomatic priorities shifted .
Khomeini sought to reach out to the Gulf Cooperation Council states , which were financing Iraq 's war machine , as well as other adversaries , including the United States .
Hashemi , however , did not believe the Islamic Republic should compromise its revolutionary principles .
In 1986 , he allegedly sent Iranian operatives disguised as pilgrims to the hajj in Mecca .
Saudi authorities arrested more than one hundred Iranian pilgrims , many of whom had arms and explosives . [ 16 ]
Soon after , Hashemi allegedly orchestrated the kidnapping of Syria 's chargé d'affaires in Tehran . [ 17 ]
On November 3 , 1986 , by coincidence the day before the anniversary of both Khomeini 's 1963 arrest and the 1979 U.S. embassy seizure , Ash Shira ‘a , a pro-Syrian Lebanese magazine , broke news of the secret contacts between U.S. and Iranian officials that would come to be called the Iran - Contra affair . [ 18 ]
Hashemi and the Office of Liberation Movements had become a liability .
What had once been sanctioned had now become a rogue operation .
On October 12 , 1986 , the Iranian government arrested Hashemi and his followers ; he was executed at dawn on September 28 , 1987 , by a firing squad at Tehran 's Evin prison . [ 19 ]
The Mehdi Hashemi affair is instructive :
It demonstrated that while the Iranian leadership holds revolutionary values closely , it is also pragmatic and chooses when and when not to export them .
Hashemi had crossed a line ; when sanctioned activities became rogue operations , the Iranian leadership reacted swiftly and without mercy .
By comparison , then , Tehran 's failure to act in a like manner to constrain other instances of revolutionary export suggest that such violence , incitement , and support for insurgency have the supreme leader 's support .
From the ashes of the Office of Liberation Movements rose the Qods Force , an elite corps of several thousand soldiers within the IRGC charged with export of the revolution and liquidation of opponents , both inside and outside the Islamic Republic .
The supreme leader personally appoints the head of the Qods Force , making him , in effect , the equal of the IRGC head . [ 20 ]
While some Western diplomats and intelligence analysts — indeed , President Bush himself — have questioned whether the Qods Force is a rogue operation , there is little doubt that the group enjoys the support of the Islamic Republic 's leadership .
The chief aim of the Qods Force is the export of revolution .
Across the Islamic Republic 's political spectrum , officials see this as an unalterable pillar of regime policy , any questioning of which merits a harsh response .
In a May 3 , 2008 speech at the University of Gilan , former president Khatami addressed not whether the Islamic Republic should export revolution , but how .
He asked ,
What did the Imam [ Khomeini ] want , and what was his purpose of exporting the revolution ?
[ Did he wish that ] we should export revolution by means of gunpowder or groups sabotaging other countries ? …
He [ Khomeini ] meant to establish a role model here , which means people should see that in this society , the economy , science , and dignity of man are respected …
This was the most important way of exporting the revolution . [ 21 ]
By proposing that Tehran should expand its influence more by soft power than by insurgency , Khatami tacitly acknowledged that the sponsorship of militias , insurgency , and terrorism enjoys state sanction and does not constitute rogue behavior .
The reaction of various Iranian officials to Khatami 's speech underlines such a conclusion .
Seventy - seven members of parliament demanded the Intelligence Ministry investigate the former president for his comments . [ 22 ]
Iranian officials disapproved of Khatami's acknowledgment of activities for which the Islamic Republic tries to maintain plausible deniability .
Tehran might use proxy groups and assassination squads to strike at enemies and liquidate dissidents , but it does not wish to be held accountable for such actions on the international stage .
As the controversy over Khatami 's remarks faded , Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi , the powerful judiciary chief , enunciated Tehran 's continued commitment to exporting the revolution .
Speaking to armed forces in Iran 's northwestern Kordestan province , he said , " Know your worth since today we are in a position that you are the hope of Islamic national and Islamic liberation movements . " [ 23 ]
From Buenos Aires to Berlin
The Iranian debate about exporting the revolution is not theoretical and limited only to theological seminaries or political speeches .
In the Islamic Republic 's first twenty - nine years , regime officials have assassinated more than 160 regime opponents outside Iran 's borders . [ 24 ]
While many of these killings occurred in the tumultuous years after the revolution as hit squads tracked down the shah 's chief aides and revolutionary defectors , assassinations of dissidents have continued through , at least , the 1990s .
While in many cases the perpetrators escaped or evidence was inconclusive , in the aftermath of several high - profile attacks , investigations uncovered official regime involvement .
On July 13 , 1989 , gunmen assassinated Abdol - Rahman Ghassemlou , head of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran ( KDPI ) , along with a KDPI representative in Europe and an Iraqi Kurdish mediator as the three met with an Iranian delegation in a Vienna apartment .
The Iranian delegation reported the shooting to the police but denied any responsibility .
After taking statements , the Austrian police released the Iranian government representatives present in the apartment at the time of the assassination , Mohammad Ja'fari Sahraroudi , Iranian Kordestan provincial governor Mostafa Ajoudi , and Amir Bozorgian .
Only in subsequent days did questions about the Iranians ' statements arise .
Oswald Kessler , the head of the Austrian Special Anti-Terrorism Unit , noted that there had been no forced entry into the apartment , two of the victims were shot as they sat , and that each victim had received a coup de grâce to ensure death .
He concluded that the murders were an intelligence operation .
Subsequent forensic evidence supported Kessler 's conclusions ; shots had been fired from the position of the Iranian delegation and not from the door .
Shell casing positions also suggested the Iranian delegation 's complicity . [ 25 ]
Three months after their deportation , Austrian police issued warrants for the three Iranians , but Tehran refused to extradite any of the wanted men .
In sharp contrast to the manner in which the regime treated Hashemi in the wake of his 1986 rogue operations , the IRGC promoted Sahraroudi to brigadier - general and appointed him to head the Qods Force Intelligence Directory . [ 26 ]
The Ghassemlou affair was not the last Iranian operation against Kurdish dissidents in Europe .
On September 17 , 1992 , shortly after the German government began its critical dialogue with Iranian leaders in order to end Tehran 's isolation , two Iranian hit men assisted by four Lebanese Hezbollah operatives murdered three KDPI leaders and a supporter at the Mykonos Restaurant in Berlin .
While one of the gunmen , Abdol - Rahman Banihashemi , and a getaway driver fled the country , German police arrested Hezbollah operative Abbas Hossein Rhayel — the other gunman — and several accomplices .
The subsequent trial lasted more than three years , heard 176 witnesses , and gained access to intelligence files .
On April 10 , 1997 , the court found Rhayel and Kazem Darrabi , an Iranian intelligence agent , guilty of murder and two other Lebanese as accessories to murder .
The court also concluded that a Special Affairs Committee , headed by the supreme leader and including Rafsanjani , former intelligence minister Ali Fallahian , and former Iranian foreign minister Ali Akbar Velayati , had ordered the hit and that Fallahian had put Banihashemi in charge of organizing the operation . [ 27 ]
Fallahian may have rejected the verdict , but shortly before the assassination , he had bragged on state television about the Intelligence Ministry 's success " dealing vital blows " to the Kurdish opposition outside Iran . [ 28 ]
As instructive as the case was about state sponsorship of terrorism , so , too , was the aftermath .
The next day , approximately 1,000 Ansar-e Hezbollah activists gathered in front of the German embassy in Tehran .
Hossein Allah - Karam , the head of the hard - line vigilante group , warned , " One of our followers will strap a bomb to himself and blow up the embassy if Germany continues its accusations and hostile attitude against our leaders . " [ 29 ]
Three days later , a group of 250 students clashed with police in front of the embassy .
The students issued a statement warning , " If ever the guide [ Khamenei ] orders us , we will wage a holy war against the infidels …
We are conquerors of spy nests [ a reference to the U.S. embassy ] . " [ 30 ]
Iranian authorities promised to protect the embassy .
German foreign minister Klaus Kinkel noted wryly , " Since suicide commandos only seem to act on orders from the government … we will take the Iranian government at its word . " [ 31 ]
Kazem Darrabi ( in cap ) , sentenced to life imprisonment for murder by a German court , was released after serving fifteen years .
Here , he arrives in Tehran to a hero 's welcome , December 11 , 2007 .
He had been convicted of involvement in the murder of three leaders of the Iranian Kurdish Democratic Party ( KDPI ) and their translator in Berlin .
The German government freed Darrabi as part of its effort to engage Tehran .
Despite his life sentence , Berlin freed Darrabi on December 11 , 2007 , as part of its effort to engage Tehran .
He immediately flew to Tehran where he was greeted by Ali Bagheri , the acting head of the Iranian foreign ministry 's European affairs department , and received a hero 's welcome . [ 32 ]
The allegations of top - level regime involvement in terrorism again surfaced after a July 18 , 1994 suicide truck bomb attack leveled the Asociación Mutual Israelita Argentina ( AMIA ) , the Jewish cultural center in Buenos Aires , killing eighty - five people and wounding almost twice as many .
While terrorists had also attacked the Israeli embassy in the Argentine capital two years before , investigations kicked in after the 1994 attack .
After years of inconsistent Argentine attention to the investigation , Judge Rodolfo Canicoba Corral found guilty and issued an arrest warrant on November 9 , 2006 , for Rafsanjani , Velayati , Fallahian , the IRGC 's Mohsen Rezai , IRGC officer Ahmad Reza Asgari , who served as third secretary of the Iranian embassy in Buenos Aires , and Qods Force commander Ahmad Vahidi , subsequently Iran 's deputy minister of defense for procurement . [ 33 ]
Crucial to the case was Ahmad Rezai , son of Mohsen Rezai , who defected to the United States in February 1998 .
He acknowledged that " the attack on the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires was planned in Tehran " and said that then - president Rafsanjani had decided to order the attack after an August 14 , 1993 meeting in Mashhad at which Ahmad Rezai was present . [ 34 ]
The Iranian government continues to deny the charges , [ 35 ] but after conducting an investigation of its own , Interpol found them credible enough to publish " red notices " for five of the implicated Iranians . [ 36 ]
Rogue Actions in Iraq ?
The U.S. military commitment in Iraq has made the question of rogue Iranian behavior literally a matter of life and death for U.S. servicemen and a topic of intense discussion among diplomats and policymakers .
In 2003 , as Operation Iraqi Freedom neared , Western diplomats scrambled to win an Iranian pledge of noninterference .
British foreign secretary Jack Straw elicited such a promise from Iranian foreign minister Kamal Kharrazi , and Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iran 's ambassador to the United Nations , repeated this pledge to Zalmay Khalilzad , who supervised the Iraq portfolio on the National Security Council . [ 37 ]
Even if Kharrazi and Zarif were sincere in their pledge , however , Iran 's diplomacy was a diversion .
On September 9 , 2002 , Khamenei convened the Supreme National Security Council in Tehran , which concluded , " It is necessary to adopt an active policy in order to prevent long - term and short - term dangers to Iran . " [ 38 ]
Soon after Saddam 's fall , the IRGC , with the acquiescence of the Islamic Republic 's leadership , moved to infiltrate Iraq with thousands of fighters , militiamen , and Qods Force personnel replete with radio transmitters , money , pamphlets , and supplies . [ 39 ]
Seized Iranian intelligence documents corroborate such IRGC movements . [ 40 ]
IRGC officers also helped organize Shi‘i firebrand Muqtada al - Sadr 's militia . [ 41 ]
The very size and scope of such activities , as well as their continuity , suggest that Iranian involvement in Iraq was state - sanctioned and not the result of rogue operators ; the latter involve small cells , not large scale deployments .
It was not long before the White House acknowledged concerns about the infiltration . [ 42 ]
By October 2003 , coalition forces had detained more than one hundred Iranians in Iraq . [ 43 ]
While Hassan Kazemi Qomi , the Islamic Republic 's ambassador in Baghdad , declared that " Iran will not accept anything that destabilizes Iraq , " [ 44 ] his very appointment suggested the opposite .
Within the Iranian hierarchy , ordinary diplomats hold little power .
Indeed , when conducting serious policy discussions , both diplomats and terrorists meet with the supreme leader or his office .
On July 2 , 2008 , Velayati , now a special advisor to the supreme leader , acknowledged the subordination of Foreign Ministry personnel within Iranian diplomacy when he reminded officials that the supreme leader remains the ultimate foreign policy decision maker in the Islamic Republic . [ 45 ]
Sadeq Kharrazi , a former ambassador to Paris and the brother of the former Iranian foreign minister , has also spoken of the subordination of foreign policy to the Supreme Leader 's Office . [ 46 ]
Qomi , however , is not an ordinary diplomat .
He is a Qods Force officer specializing in working with militias and local forces . [ 47 ]
Prior to his appointment to the Baghdad post , he coordinated Iranian aid to Afghanistan and served as the Islamic Republic 's chief liaison to Lebanese Hezbollah . [ 48 ]
Tehran 's choice of Qomi for its Baghdad post suggests that far from rogue status , the IRGC coordinates Iranian policies toward Iraq with the full sanction of the Iranian leadership .
Ample evidence underlines the fact that Iranian destabilization efforts in Iraq are state - directed and that U.S. and coalition leadership would be naïve to accept as plausible Iranian denials of destabilization as official policy .
An August 8 , 2004 editorial in Jomhuri -ye Eslami , the mouthpiece of the Iranian intelligence community , declared that " the time for such a decision and call [ for Iran to fight in Iraq ] is fast approaching . " [ 49 ]
The call was heeded .
Within days , Iraqi forces captured thirty Iranians fighting alongside Sadr 's militia . [ 50 ]
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , secretary of the powerful Iranian Guardian Council , praised Sadr 's resistance .
" I should really thank and praise those who are resisting the bloodthirsty wolves , " he said while giving the official state sermon , the Islamic Republic 's weekly statement of priorities and policies , on behalf of the supreme leader . [ 51 ]
In addition , seized IRGC documents showed that Tehran was paying 11,740 members of the Badr Corps , the militia of the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq ( SCIRI ) . [ 52 ]
The U.S. secretary of defense , Donald Rumsfeld , confirmed that Iran was fueling the insurgency . [ 53 ]
While diplomats and analysts may question official sanction for small - scale weapons smuggling or infiltration , the presence of an organized payroll suggests a widespread bureaucratic support network .
Iranian duplicity continued over the ensuing years .
On March 23 , 2006 , Khalilzad said that as Iranian authorities professed support for the Iraqi political process , the Revolutionary Guards and Iranian intelligence ministry both sought to train and supply Iraqi insurgents and terrorist groups , both Sunni and Shi‘i . [ 54 ]
The Qods Force and Lebanese Hezbollah established camps to train Muqtada al - Sadr 's Jaysh al - Mahdi ( Mahdi army ) and other militiamen . [ 55 ]
What had been a ragtag and unprofessional band transformed quickly into a professional and lethal force .
Tensions increased in 2007 with the discovery in Iraq of Iranian - manufactured explosively - formed penetrators ( EFPs ) — capable of piercing advanced U.S. armor , as well as Iranian mortars , rockets , and sniper rifles . [ 56 ]
Qods
Force members maintained some deniability :
They did not place the EFPs themselves but supplied them , trained Iraqi militiamen in their use , and in some cases , had employees of an Iranian charity operating in Iraq pay locals to place them . [ 57 ]
Again , the coordination between Qods Force and other Iranian entities suggests a greater degree of coordination than possible during a rogue operation .
The sheer continuity of Qods Force operations further undercuts the idea that the IRGC or its elite units operate as rogues .
On December 30 , 2006 , U.S. forces intercepted senior Qods Force operatives at the Baghdad headquarters of SCIRI leader Abdul Aziz Hakim with documents pertaining to weapons and their shipment . [ 58 ]
Twelve days later , U.S. forces detained five alleged Qods Force operatives in Iraqi Kurdistan , [ 59 ] and on March 20 , 2007 , U.S. forces arrested a Lebanese Hezbollah operative with two Iraqi " special group " members ; each spoke of Qods Force support and coordination in a January 2007 kidnapping and murder of U.S. servicemen in Karbala . [ 60 ]
By contrast , rogue operations are usually limited in both location and time .
The sheer breadth of activities some diplomats and commentators dismiss as rogue undercuts such a conclusion .
Case of the British Sailors
Since its seizure of the U.S. embassy in Tehran on November 4 , 1979 , the Islamic Republic has embraced unconventional actions and flouted international diplomatic norms as a means of furthering state policy .
Here , again , the IRGC plays a crucial role .
What many diplomats may see as rogue action appears part of a comprehensive Iranian strategy to bolster negotiating positions .
In the poker game of diplomacy , if Tehran feels its cards are weak , it will not hesitate simply to seize new cards .
This was the case on March 23 , 2007 , when , as diplomatic tensions surrounding the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program rose , two IRGC speed boats seized fifteen British sailors on an anti-smuggling mission in disputed waters between Iran and Iraq .
After several hours of silence , Iranian foreign ministry officials issued a statement accusing the British sailors of violating Iranian territorial waters . [ 61 ]
Over subsequent days , Iranian officials paraded their captives on television , elicited forced confessions , and threatened to try their captives for espionage . [ 62 ]
Some diplomats and many commentators sought to isolate blame on the IRGC alone or its radical backers rather than hold the Iranian government accountable as a whole .
" This was deliberate , no kidding , " a senior U.S. official told The Washington Post , " the radicals are particularly under enormous pressure . " [ 63 ]
Bruce Riedel , former Clinton administration National Security Council Middle East director , also blamed the IRGC alone rather than the Iranian government . [ 64 ]
Riad Kahwaji , an analyst for the Dubai - based Institute for Near East and Gulf Military Analysis , described the operation against the British sailors as the actions of a rogue IRGC naval commander . [ 65 ]
Alan Bock , a columnist for The Orange County Register , dismissed the incident as the action of one " overzealous local commander . " [ 66 ]
But context undercuts the rogue action theory .
The incident came just two days after Khamenei declared in a Iranian New Year 's speech , " If they take illegal actions [ such as sanctioning Iran 's nuclear program ] , we , too , can take illegal actions and will do so . " [ 67 ]
Subsequent Iranian behavior makes clear the operation 's high - level support .
First , on February 12 , 2008 , during Revolution Day festivities , Iranian authorities rolled the three British naval boats on truck beds during a Tehran parade . [ 68 ]
Then , on April 14 , the IRGC featured Col. Abolqasem Amangah , the mastermind of the operation , in an article on the IRGC website . [ 69 ]
Finally , on July 1 , the IRGC decorated Amangah for his actions . [ 70 ]
Tehran has made clear who speaks for it and who it supports .
Unwillingness to accept reality can be costly .
In June 1941 , as the Nazi army drove full steam into the Soviet Union , Soviet premier Josef Stalin remained convinced that the attack was the result of rogue German elements .
He wasted precious hours in futile diplomacy , unwilling to accept either Adolf Hitler or the Panzer Units for what they were . [ 71 ]
Conclusions
The question of what constitutes rogue activity in the Islamic Republic is crucial to policy formulation and diplomacy .
Three U.N. Security Council resolutions , among other targets , have singled out senior IRGC officials for financial sanctions . [ 72 ]
On October 25 , 2007 , both the U.S. State and Treasury departments designated the IRGC and Qods Force for their rogue behavior . [ 73 ]
Such actions are counterproductive , however .
Singling out the IRGC or Qods Force for their activities effectively exonerates the remainder of the Iranian government .
It is the diplomatic equivalent of excusing a person guilty of murder because only his fingers pulled the trigger .
Even a cursory look at the structure and personnel of the Iranian government and its history of involvement in terrorism and insurgency demonstrate that the IRGC and Qods Force are in fact the opposite of rogues — they are deliberate creations of the Islamic Republic 's government , are tightly controlled by the government , and exist to serve the government 's policy objectives in Iran and abroad .
Many of the Islamic Republic 's current leadership — at least the nonclerical portion — spent their formative years at the front serving with the Revolutionary Guards . [ 74 ]
As they enter politics , these IRGC members operate not only according to official hierarchy — directors - general reporting to deputy ministers , who in turn report to ministers , and deputy governors reporting to governors , for example — but also according to the extensive networks they developed during their IRGC service .
Veterans of the same military unit , for example , may invoke back - channel connections to skip levels of bureaucracy or transcend ministerial bureaucracies .
Political figures — the governor of Qom , for example [ 75 ] — may connect directly to IRGC companions still serving in the military .
Perhaps this runs afoul of the bureaucratic process , but it does not suggest rogue activity .
After all , it is common to all governments : Before and during Operation Iraqi Freedom , Secretary of State Colin Powell bypassed Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to coordinate policy with his former subordinates from his time as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . [ 76 ]
What is clear is that both the IRGC and its elite Qods Force represent the core of the Iranian state and enjoy the full support of its supreme leader and his all - powerful office .
This does not mean that rogues do not exist within the Iranian political system .
As the Islamic Republic has evolved , the supreme leader has narrowed the bounds of acceptable political discourse .
What was acceptable in the revolution 's first months —
Mojahedin-e Khalq , Tudeh ( the Iranian communist party ) , and Iran Freedom Movement — have today become movements outside the bounds of acceptable political debate .
With their substantive purge from office , it appears that the reformists , too , are outsiders in the system .
U.S. and European diplomats may like these reformers ' approach , especially when compared to the current leadership , but desire does not change the reality that the reformers do not operate the levers of power .
Indeed , if rogue behavior is defined as operating without state sanction , it is increasingly clear that Mohammad Khatami and his reformist minions are the Islamic Republic 's true rogue actors , not the IRGC and Qods Force .
These , unfortunately , represent and are indivisible from the regime .
Michael Rubin , editor of the Middle East Quarterly , is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior lecturer at the Naval Postgraduate School .
[ 1 ] The New York Times , Feb. 12 , 2007 .
[ 2 ] Associated Press , Feb. 13 , 2007 .
[ 3 ] Associated Press , Feb. 15 , 2007 .
[ 4 ]
Time , Mar. 23 , 2007 .
[ 5 ] Salam , Aug. 17 , 1994 , as cited in Wilfried Buchta , Who Rules Iran ?
( Washington : Washington Institute / Konrad Adenauer Stiftung , 2000 ) , p. 73 .
[ 6 ]
Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran ( Berkeley : Mizan Press , 1981 ) , p. 66 .
[ 7 ]
On control of independent newspapers , see Arash Sigarchi , " The Battle for Cyberspace : Blogging and Dissidence in the Middle East , " American Enterprise Institute conference , Washington , D.C. , Feb. 4 , 2008 .
[ 8 ]
For a history of vigilante groups in Iran , see Michael Rubin , Into the Shadows : Radical Vigilantes in Khatami's Iran ( Washington : Washington Institute for Near East Policy , 2001 ) .
[ 9 ]
Buchta , Who Rules Iran ? pp. 47-55 .
[ 10 ] Kenneth Katzman , The Warriors of Islam : Iran 's Revolutionary Guard ( Boulder : Westview Press , 1992 ) , pp. 26-8 .
[ 11 ] Mark J. Roberts , Khomeini's Incorporation of the Iranian Military ( Washington : Institute for National Strategic Studies , 1996 ) , p. 51 .
[ 12 ] Katzman , The Warriors of Islam , pp. 30 - 6 .
[ 13 ]
Roberts , Khomeini's Incorporation of the Iranian Military , pp. 52-3 .
[ 14 ] Katzman , The Warriors of Islam , p. 3 .
[ 15 ] Baqer Moin , Khomeini : Life of the Ayatollah ( New York : St. Martin's Press , 1999 ) , p. 264 .
[ 16 ] United Press International , Aug. 25 , 1986 ; Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA , Tehran ) , Aug. 27 , 1986 .
[ 17 ] Associated Press , Oct. 3 , 1986 .
[ 18 ]
The Washington Post , Nov. 4 , 1986 .
[ 19 ] Associated Press , Sept. 28 , 1987 .
[ 20 ] Buchta , Who Rules Iran ? p. 69 .
[ 21 ] Emrooz ( Tehran ) , May 3 , 2008 .
[ 22 ] Asr-e Iran ( Tehran ) , May 6 , 2008 .
[ 23 ]
Iran Student Correspondents Association ( Tehran ) , May 22 , 2008 .
[ 24 ]
No Safe Haven : Iran 's Global Assassination Campaign ( New Haven : Iran Human Rights Documentation Center , May 2008 ) , p. 3 .
For a chronological list of assassination victim and location , see Appendix 1 .
[ 25 ] Ibid. , pp. 25-9 .
[ 26 ] Ibid. , p. 28 .
[ 27 ] Murder at Mykonos : Anatomy of a Political Assassination ( New Haven : Iran Human Rights Documentation Center , 2007 ) , pp. 2 -20 .
[ 28 ] Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran ( Tehran ) , Aug. 30 , 1992 , in BBC Summary of World Broadcasts , Sept. 2 , 1992 .
[ 29 ] Agence France - Presse , Apr. 11 , 1997 .
[ 30 ] Agence France - Presse , Apr. 14 , 1997 .
[ 31 ] Agence France - Presse , Apr. 19 , 1997 .
[ 32 ] RadioFarda.com ( Prague ) , Dec. 11 , 2007 .
[ 33 ]
The New York Times , Nov. 10 , 2006 ; The Wall Street Journal , Oct. 16 , 2007 ; Newsweek , Nov. 26 , 2007 .
[ 34 ] Associated Press Worldstream , Sept. 16 , 1998 ; The Wall Street Journal , Oct. 16 , 2007 .
[ 35 ] Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting ( Tehran ) , Oct. 28 , 2006 ; " Amia Case , " IRNA , accessed July 14 , 2008 .
[ 36 ] " INTERPOL General Assembly Upholds Executive Committee Decision on AMIA Red Notice Dispute , " INTERPOL media release , Nov. 7 , 2007 .
[ 37 ]
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat ( London ) , June 20 , 2003 .
[ 38 ]
Time , Aug. 15 , 2005 .
[ 39 ]
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat , Apr. 25 , 2003 .
[ 40 ]
Time , Aug. 15 , 2005 .
[ 41 ] Ash - Sharq al - Awsat , Apr. 9 , 2004 .
[ 42 ]
Ari Fleischer , White House news briefing , Apr. 23 , 2003 .
[ 43 ]
Agence France - Presse , Oct. 23 , 2003 .
[ 44 ] Hambastegi ( Tehran ) , Apr. 18 , 2004 .
[ 45 ] Alef.com ( Tehran ) , July 2 , 2008 .
[ 46 ] Etemaad-e Melli ( Tehran ) , July 7 , 2008 .
[ 47 ]
Time , Apr. 12 , 2006 .
[ 48 ]
The New York Sun , Apr. 12 , 2004 .
[ 49 ] Jomhuri - ye Eslami ( Tehran ) , Aug. 8 , 2004 .
[ 50 ]
The Guardian ( London ) , Aug. 13 , 2004 .
[ 51 ]
Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran Radio ( Tehran ) , Aug. 13 , 2004 .
[ 52 ]
Time , Aug. 15 , 2005 .
[ 53 ]
The Washington Times , Sept. 8 , 2004 .
[ 54 ]
The Washington Post , Mar. 24 , 2006 ; The New York Times , Aug. 11 , 2006 .
[ 55 ] Brig . - Gen. Kevin Bergner , news briefing , Combined Press Information Center , Baghdad , July 2 , 2007 .
[ 56 ]
The New York Times , Feb. 10 , 2007 ; Daily Telegraph ( London ) , Feb. 13 , 2007 .
[ 57 ] Kimberly Kagan , " Iraq , " in Frederick W. Kagan , Kimberly Kagan , and Danielle Pletka , Iranian Influence in the Levant , Iraq , and Afghanistan ( Washington : American Enterprise Institute , 2008 ) , p. 20 .
[ 58 ]
The Washington Post , Dec. 30 , 2006 .
[ 59 ]
The New York Times , Jan. 12 , 2007 .
[ 60 ]
Bergner , news briefing , July 2 , 2007 .
[ 61 ] CNN.com , Mar. 24 , 2007 .
[ 62 ] Sunday Times ( London ) , Mar. 25 , 2007 .
[ 63 ]
The Washington Post , Mar. 23 , 2007 .
[ 64 ]
The Washington Post , Apr. 7 , 2007 .
[ 65 ]
Al - Jazeera English ( Doha ) , Jan. 9 , 2008 .
[ 66 ]
Antiwar.com , Apr. 7 , 2007 .
[ 67 ] Associated Press , Mar. 22 , 2007 .
[ 68 ] Asr-e Iran , Feb. 12 , 2008 .
[ 69 ] Sepahnews.com , Apr. 14 , 2008 .
[ 70 ] Agahsazi.com ( Tehran ) , July 1 , 2008 .
[ 71 ] James P. Duffy , Hitler Slept Late , and Other Blunders that Cost Him the War ( New York : Praeger Books , 1991 ) , p. 72 .
[ 72 ] UNSCR 1737 ( 2006 ) ; UNSCR 1747 ( 2007 ) ; and UNSCR 1803 ( 2008 ) .
[ 73 ]
" Designation of Iranian Entities and Individuals for Proliferation Activities and Support for Terrorism , " Office of the Spokesman , U.S. Department of State , Oct. 25 , 2007 ; " Statement by Secretary Henry M. Paulson , Jr. , on Iranian Designations , " U.S. Department of the Treasury , Oct. 25 , 2007 .
[ 74 ]
Ali Alfoneh , " Iran 's Parliamentary Elections and the Revolutionary Guards ' Creeping Coup d'Etat , " AEI Middle Eastern Outlook , Feb. 2008 .
[ 75 ]
I am grateful to Ali Alfoneh for tracing the IRGC membership of current Islamic Republic officials .
[ 76 ]
Multiple discussions by author with members of the staff of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Office of the Secretary of Defense , 2004 and 2005 .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) According to an article in the , Dr. Paul Yeo , a virologist from Durham University , is warning that unless young boys are given the HPV vaccine , girls who receive the vaccine could become infected after the vaccine wears off at some point in the future .
Yeo says that since the vaccine is so new , no one has any idea how long it will last .
Even if girls get booster shots , he worries that protection will diminish within ten years .
Meanwhile , gay men in the U.K. have been receiving the HPV vaccine for some time , reports .
Dr. Sean Cummings , of the Freedom Health Clinic , says that he has even given the vaccine to a 67 - year - old man .
As early as February 2007 , he had already vaccinated dozens of men .
Dr Anne Szarewski , clinical consultant for Cancer Research U.K. , believes that it might be worthwhile to immunize men , according to , but states , " I would be interested to see the response of suggesting to parents that they should vaccinate their boys at 12 in case they become gay .
" Gay men in San Francisco have also jumped on the bandwagon , an article byadvises .
Of course , Dr. Jeff Klausner , a doctor known for his Internet advice column , states ( via thearticle ) , " It would be nice to see some published data that the vaccine works in men . "
He notes that since the male anatomy is quite different from the female anatomy , it would be a considerable leap to assume that if Gardasil works in women that it will also work in men .
This is probably the understatement of the year , considering there is no proof whatsoever that the HPV vaccine will prevent cervical cancer in women .
Just because a vaccine seems to prevent precancerous lesions in some people does n't mean it will prevent cervical cancer .
Moreover , there is already evidence that the vaccine is capable of causing considerable harm , as previously reported by .
In fact , in some groups of women , the incidence of precancerous lesions increased after receiving the HPV vaccine , Mike Adams warns Mike Adams , the Health Ranger , has also been quite vocal about his opposition to this vaccine .
When he learned that this vaccine was being considered for little boys , he could n't believe it and observed , " Never mind the fact that little boys do n't have a cervix . "
Indeed .
Adams also states in an article , " What 's next ?
Are they going to demand that all girls be vaccinated against prostate cancer just in case they engage in oral sex with men who have enlarged prostate glands ?
Yes , this sounds stupid .
Itstupid .
And yet it 's not too stupid to be embraced by Big Pharma .
" What 's even more intriguing is the information contained on an old CDC web page ( that has since been removed ) , but luckily it was preserved using an archival mechanism by the WayBackMachine .
The CDC states on a page giving advice about HPV to men , " There is no clear health benefit to knowing you have this virus -- since HPV is unlikely to affect your health and cannot be treated .
For most men , there would be no need to treat HPV , even if treatment were available -- since it usually goes away on its own .
" It will certainly be interesting to see how this HPV vaccine is marketed to young boys and gay men if the FDA ever grants its approval .
Will the gay men be featured on the same television ads as the young boys and girls ?
The mind reels .
Joanne Waldron is a computer scientist with a passion for writing and sharing health - related news and information with others .
She hosts the Naked Wellness : The Gentle Health Revolution forum , which is devoted to achieving radiant health , well - being , and longevity .
David Kelly 's closest female confidante on why he COULDN'T have killed himself
A female confidante of Dr David Kelly raised disturbing new questions last night over how the Ministry of Defence weapons inspector was able to kill himself .
After his body was discovered in woods near his Oxfordshire home in July 2003 , a Government inquiry led by Lord Hutton ruled that he committed suicide by slashing his left wrist with a knife and taking an overdose of co-proxamol , a painkiller commonly used for arthritis .
He was said to be anguished about being named as the source of a BBC report , which alleged that Tony Blair ‘ sexed up ’ a dossier justifying the invasion of Iraq .
Mystery death : Professor David Kelly appearing at the House of Commons during the Iraq inquiry
But five years after his death at 59 , his close friend , American military linguist Mai Pederson , has come forward to dispute this account .
The Hutton inquiry heard that he died after making several cuts to his left wrist , which severed the ulnar artery , buried deep in the tissue on the side of the hand nearest the little finger .
An earlier coroner ’s inquest was halted when the Government used an obscure law to turn the investigation over to Lord Hutton .
His inquiry concluded that ‘ there was no involvement by a third party ’ in the scientist ’s death , which was said to be caused primarily by the cut artery and hastened by the painkillers .
Ms Pederson , a US Air Force officer , met Dr Kelly when she was assigned to work in 1998 as a translator for the UN weapons inspection team in Iraq .
And she revealed in an interview with The Mail on Sunday that , in the months leading to his death , the right - handed scientist was unable to use his right hand for tasks requiring strength because of a painful injury to his right elbow .
According to Ms Pederson , when she dined with Dr Kelly at a Washington restaurant in the spring of 2003 , the hand ’s grip was so weak that he struggled to get a knife through a steak he had ordered .
The linguist , who counselled Dr Kelly during his conversion to the Baha ’i religious faith that she follows , says he had begun to favour his left hand for even relatively minor tasks , a tendency she observed on numerous other occasions .
' He could n't cut a steak ' : Mai pederson is unconvinced David Kelly took his own life
‘ David would have had to have been a contortionist to kill himself the way they claim , ’ she said .
‘ I do n’t know whether he was born right - handed but by the time I first met him he favoured his left hand for any task that required strength , like opening a door or carrying his briefcase .
‘ When he embraced friends at the beginning and end of Baha ’i meetings , it was his left arm that you felt hugging you and you could tell his right arm hurt him because he rubbed the elbow a lot .
‘ I did n’t want to pry but he finally told me the reason in the spring of 2003 .
It was the last time I saw him before he died .
He was visiting America on business and we went out to dinner .
‘ He ordered steak and he was holding his knife very oddly in the palm of his right hand , with his wrist crooked , trying to cut the meat .
‘ He told me that some time ago he had broken his right elbow and it was never fixed properly , so he had real problems with it .
It was painful and it never regained its strength .
' I just do n’t see how he could have used his right hand to cut through the nerves and tendons of his left wrist - especially as the knife he supposedly used had a dull blade . ’
Ms Pederson said she believed she was familiar with the knife Dr Kelly is said to have used .
‘ He always wore a Barbour jacket and he kept a knife in his pocket , ’ she said .
‘ It had a folding blade and I remember him telling me he could n’t sharpen it because his right hand did n’t have the strength to hold a sharpener .
‘ It would have taken him a long time to reach the artery that was severed and it would have been very painful .
‘ As a scientist , David had no need to kill himself that way .
I do n’t understand why the British Government is n’t thoroughly investigating this .
Logically , he cannot have committed suicide . ’
David kelly gave evidence during an inquiry into whether the Government had ' sexed up ' the reasons for going to war with Iraq
Ms Pederson , 48 , whose military duties have included intelligence assignments , has avoided the spotlight since Dr Kelly ’s death .
But she says she is perturbed by mounting evidence that he may have been murdered .
The Mail on Sunday revealed last week that after his disappearance , a heat - seeking search helicopter flew over the exact spot where his corpse was later discovered .
Yet the thermal - imaging equipment picked up no sign of a body – which some experts say suggests he was killed elsewhere .
Moreover , a group of doctors , surgeons and anaesthetists has called for a new inquiry into his death , contending that a cut to the ulnar artery would not cause catastrophic bleeding .
Little blood was found at the scene .
They also maintain that the 29 or so painkillers
Dr Kelly supposedly swallowed were only one - third of the dosage normally considered as lethal .
Even more mysteriously , there were no fingerprints on the knife he allegedly wielded nor on the bottle from which he supposedly drank water to wash down the tablets .
But perhaps most key is the information that Ms Pederson provided to Thames Valley Police , who were assisting the Hutton inquiry .
When officers flew to meet her in America in August 2003 , she says she told them during two days of interviews that she was baffled about how Dr Kelly could have killed himself .
‘ The facts just do n’t add up , ’ said Ms Pederson .
‘ The more I have heard about this , the more I have thought about the significance of his weak right hand .
I told the police about it when they interviewed me .
I said , “ How could David have cut his left wrist using a dull knife with his weak right hand ? ”
‘ They said , “ It was n’t a straight cut .
It was jagged . ”
‘ When I heard nothing more about it , I assumed they had come to an informed decision - that it was suicide .
But now , knowing all that we do , I feel it is time for a disinterested public inquiry . '
Copies of the Hutton report into the events surrounding Dr Kelly 's death
Ms Pederson has been one of the more elusive figures in the mystery of Dr Kelly ’s death .
There have been rumours that she might have been romantically involved with the married scientist .
However , the vivacious brunette strongly denied this in a previous interview with The Mail on Sunday , pointing out that both her religion and military rules prohibit adultery .
Ms Pederson , who is fluent in Arabic , German and French , met Dr Kelly when she was seconded to the UN team in Iraq as a translator .
In the tense atmosphere , she developed a close bond with him .
They had long conversations about her devout beliefs in the ecumenical teachings of the Baha ’i faith , to which he converted a year later .
She recalled : ‘ He was like my big brother .
I was the only linguist on the team and I would work until 11 or 11.30 at night and then go for a walk to get rid of the stress and the pressure .
Other team members would walk with me but eventually it was mostly David because of his British passion for his daily constitutional .
‘ The only time it was safe to talk about anything important was when we were walking .
At our hotel , the Iraqis monitored us .
The only place to change our underwear and not be filmed by their surveillance equipment was behind the shower curtains in our rooms .
‘ The desk clerk at the hotel constantly called me , saying he was enamoured by me .
I later discovered he was a lieutenant in the Iraqi military and I think it was a clumsy effort to elicit information from me .
‘ One night , a group of us were out walking and suddenly a red laser shone out .
It went from David ’s heart to his head and it pretty much stayed on the middle of his forehead .
‘ The inspectors said it happened all the time .
The idea was to intimidate David , showing they could pick him out as a target even in the dark . ’
The family of David Kelly were ' deeply disappointed ' at the findings of the Hutton Inquiry and its failure to criticise the Government
Enraged , Ms Pederson insisted that the Russian inspector heading the team complain to General Amer Al - Saadi , Saddam Hussein ’s British - educated weapons adviser .
' The general said it was children playing , ’ she said derisively .
‘ The other thing that bothered me was that key people on the team were constantly getting sick .
‘ The symptoms were very similar to anthrax .
We joked that they were poisoning us so we could n’t finish our job .
David pretty much lived on Vegemite and bread . ’
After Ms Pederson returned to America , she was stationed at the Defence Language Institute in California .
It has been described as a spy school but she says she worked as a personnel officer .
The US Air Force often sent her on assignments that required a linguist , which she is not permitted to discuss .
She met Dr Kelly again after she was transferred to the Pentagon .
‘ It was October 2002 and he was visiting Washington , ’ she said .
‘ He told me that the Iraqis had drawn up a hit list of people to be killed .
‘ He said , “ I am number three and you also are on it . ”
At the time , it did n’t really bother either of us .
We understood there was a danger because of our jobs .
‘ He also told me that if we invaded Iraq , he would be found dead in the woods .
He loved to walk in the woods near his home .
But he knew that walking alone made him vulnerable .
The Iraqis wanted him dead . ’
In May 2003 , journalist Andrew Gilligan reported on BBC Radio 4 ’s Today programme that a source had disclosed that the Blair administration had ‘ sexed up ’ the dossier , accusing Saddam of harbouring weapons of mass destruction .
Opinion : David Kelly spoke in a BBC interview about the cause for war against Iraq
Dr Kelly was subsequently named as the source and the Hutton inquiry concluded that this plunged him into depression
Ms Pederson concedes that he was ‘ upset ’ by the episode but says that he brushed it off , insisting he had been misquoted .
And far from being opposed to the Government ’s dossier , she says he was convinced that Saddam lied when he told the UN that he was no longer developing WMDs .
She said : ‘ David believed the Iraqis were not being forthcoming during our inspections about their potential for making weapons .
If they were n’t up to anything , why did we have to be accompanied by minders ?
And why were people scared to talk to us ?
‘ David ’s position on the invasion was that it was regrettable but necessary because UN sanctions had failed .
He said he was misquoted and his words were twisted and taken out of context .
‘ He was n’t depressed .
He was upset .
I have taken courses on suicide prevention and he exhibited none of the signs .
‘ He was planning for his retirement .
He wanted to make more money to provide for his family and he ’d had job offers in the States as well as Europe .
Also , he was excited that one of his daughters was getting married .
He said , “ The controversy will blow over . ” ’
Ms Pederson claims that at the time of his death , Dr Kelly was looking forward to returning to Iraq .
‘ Had he been alive , he finally would have been free to look for evidence of WMDs , ’ she said .
‘ If anyone could have found them , it would have been David .
‘ I am not saying that the Iraqis killed him .
But that is one possibility that should be investigated .
All the facts suggest that David did not kill himself .
It is against our Baha ’i faith .
‘ But for David there were also personal reasons - he believed his mother ’s death was suicide .
Research shows that suicide runs in families and I asked him if he would ever do that .
I said , “ Hypothetically , if you are ever at your wit ’s end , promise me that you will seek help . ”
‘ He said , “ I do n’t see the relevance .
I would never take any life , let alone my own . ”
He finally did say that if he was ever desperate , he would get help .
That ’s important because he was a man of his word .
He could never hurt his wife and daughters the way that he was hurt by his mother ’s death . ’
Ms Pederson ’s Washington DC lawyer , Mark Zaid , has made available to The Mail on Sunday parts of her final statement to Thames Valley Police , given on September 1 , 2003 .
A red rose lies on the David Kelly 's grave .
But the story behind his death is not yet ready to rest in peace
Its ten pages would appear critical , since they describe Iraqi death threats and the incident with the laser .
She also stated that she was bewildered about how Dr Kelly could have taken an overdose , as he suffered from a disorder that made it difficult for him to swallow pills .
‘ I was so confused when I heard he had swallowed a load of painkillers , ’ she told the officers .
She also emphasised in the statement that he suffered from pain and problems ‘ grabbing things with his right hand , which he attributed to breaking his elbow ’ .
Police have implied that she did not give them permission to give her statement to the Hutton inquiry .
But in fact she stipulated : ‘ If specific information [ in the statement ] is deemed relevant to the coroner ’s inquiry into the death of David Kelly , I am willing for Thames Valley to reveal the information in a non-attributable way . ’
However , her statement was never given to the inquiry .
The then Assistant Chief Constable of Thames Valley Police , Michael Page , testified that it ‘ contained nothing of relevance ’ .
After the inquiry , Ms Pederson started to get death threats .
‘ Some were from nuts , ’ she said .
But others , she believes , may have been related to her sensitive work with Dr Kelly in Iraq .
And she spoke on condition that we do not reveal her whereabouts .
‘ I ca n’t say for sure that David was murdered , ’ she said .
‘ But his life had been threatened because he strived to do what was best for humanity .
‘ He deserved more from his country than an investigation that overlooked the fact that his right hand was so weak that he had problems cutting a piece of steak . ’
In light of the recent Burnout Paradise news , I thought it was time to take a look at offline vs online gaming .
The view of some games makers out there is that online multiplayer is the be all and end all .
Do n’t get me wrong , online play is a great feature to have , I just do n’t want it to be at the detriment of the local multiplayer .
The two biggest recent examples of games following this trend are GTA4 and Burnout Paradise .
Fantastic games and fantastic multiplayer modes , it ’s just a shame I can’t play them with my friends at my house .
Crash mode in Burnout was a staple party game in my house hold .
My housemates do n’t really follow gaming but they play what I put in front of them if it ’s any good .
So to have one of them enthusiastically come to me after seeing a Paradise advert only to have his smile ripped away was saddening .
“ Sorry Ben … . we ca n’t play multiplayer on our one PS3 ! ” I did n’t have the heart to tell him there was no Crash Party Mode anymore , until the Party Mode update , of course .
2 player San Andreas was also a favourite that has now been taken away from us .
Now I know ( insert name of criterion ) says that if I want that experience back those games are still there .
They are n’t though .
The Xbox we used to play Burnout 3 on is dead and my PS3 wo n’t play PS2 games !
More than that though why can’t I have the new Paradise experience at home with the people I want to play with ?
Do n’t force me to not see my friends just so we can play GTA together !
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
There are plenty of us gaming online , but not all my friends are going to be owning a “ next gen ” system any time soon .
Does that mean they should be left out of the experience ?
And what about the local online play ?
Anyone who played Goldeneye religiously can probably put up with playing an FPS in split screens .
So why cant I take my friends online to show them what a 16 player death match is like in COD4 .
It may even convince them to get their own machine to play without being confined to a tiny corner .
Local multiplayer obviously is n’t a forgotten concept ; the entire Wii experience is built around it .
Sometimes I wonder though if PS360 games makers put it in as an after thought to their online experience .
The entire reason I did n’t buy Motostorm was because there was no way I could play it with anyone I knew ( good to see this issue has been addressed with MS2 ) .
The ‘ core are the ones championing the online experience but selling to the ‘ core will only get you so far .
My main problem with online gaming with friends is the way it changes how you play .
Playing online with friends is all about the game , playing offline with friends is more about hanging out .
Some of my fondest conversations have come while playing a game of PES .
Something just becomes lost when you try to talk over a headset .
Online multiplayer has its advantages and sometimes is logistically your best option ( I know plenty of people using WoW to keep in contact with friends all over the country ) , but in my opinion it should only be a substitute for the all - on - one - couch experience .
It almost turns into another argument of “ casual ” vs “ hardcore ” with the casual fighting for offline play and the ‘ core waving the banner of online .
The fight for multiplayer wages but I want both camps to be perfectly happy .
There are many games out there straddling the line , Buzz TV features some of the best offline fun with your friends out there but is also offering some of the benefits of the online experience .
I ’m not insinuating that the industry views offline as out dated or dead , far from it .
I just hate it when online is my only option .
For me sitting on my own in my room with a headset will never be as fun as having a load of mates round and getting the beers in .
What about you ?
British troops to be pulled out of Iraq 'by May '
The majority of Britain 's combat forces will be withdrawn from Iraq by next May .
Senior defence sources have said that only ' a few hundred ' will be left to finish training Iraqi forces .
Security conditions have improved markedly in the southern city of Basra - largely thanks to an Iraqi and U.S. drive to oust hostile militias earlier this year after UK forces withdrew from the city last year .
Withdrawal :
The majority of British soldiers , seen here in Basra , are expected to pull out by May
Commanders now hope the British mission can be wound down by next summer .
Controversy still surrounds the UK's military contribution in Basra , with critics claiming the British force was too small and failed to maintain command of the city .
Control was left largely in the hands of insurgent militia groups when the last UK units stationed within the city withdrew before Christmas .
Nouri al - Maliki , the Iraqi Prime Minister , dispatched 30,000 Iraqi troops - along with almost 1,000 American mentors and trainers - to sweep through Basra in March this year .
They took control from the militias in several days of fierce fighting while UK forces that had remained outside the city stayed at their airport base .
Senior British insiders have said the base could now close within months if security continues to improve .
Insurgency : Members of the Mahdi army on parade in Basra .
It has taken months to stabilise the town
Today the Ministry of Defence remained reluctant to set a firm timetable for the withdrawal of the remaining 4,000 UK troops from Iraq , but confirmed that it hoped the force would ' decrease significantly ' next year .
Major General Barney White - Spunner , who has just returned from six months in command of UK forces in southern Iraq , said he was confident that Basra 's fortunes were improving dramatically .
He described the city as happier and more secure , pointing out that house prices have doubled since spring thanks to an influx of Iraqi and foreign investors .
Restaurants and shops were opening and Christians and Sunni Muslims have begun returning to the Shia - dominated city , which has an ' extremely bright future ' , he added .
Senior British commanders are anxious to scale down their Iraq commitment as soon as possible in order to ease the demands that have overstretched the forces in the past few years .
America is now hoping to pull its own forces out of Baghdad and other areas of the country within three years .
British troops struck a secret deal late last year with Shia militias loyal to the radical cleric Moqtadr al - Sadr , under which it is believed UK troops withdrew to the airport but were not attacked as they left .
Operation Charge of the Knights was launched in March to take control of Basra .
The ensuing fighting claimed hundreds of lives , yet for almost a week UK forces were confined to their airport base .
The incident dented Britain 's standing with the Iraqi regime and the U.S. military , but officials insist relations have been restored .
The New York Review of Books asked several contributors to weigh in on the election .
Here 's Garry Wills :
The next president will undoubtedly nominate one or more Supreme Court justiceswhich , justifiably , makes some worry about the fate of Roe v. Wade .
But there should be even deeper worries about the Court .
Even if Roe is reversed ( and that is no certainty , even with new justices ) , some statesperhaps manywill legitimize abortions , and others may find a ban unenforceable ( more so than Prohibition ) .
But a new justice appointed by a Republican president will with certainty create results more drastic than any affecting Roe .
I hope to write about this very soon .
It is , in my judgment , the most important thing at stake on Tuesday .
Wills continues :
When Dick Cheney was vetting the last two candidates for the Court , he did not really care about their views on abortion .
He concentrated on their attitude toward the many executive usurpations of the Bush administration , and he was satisfied on this account with John Roberts and with Sam Alito .
When Charles Gibson was questioning Governor Palin , he should not have asked about the Bush Doctrine ( a wavering concept , and touching only one matter , war ) .
He should have asked for her views on the unitary executivethe question Cheney asked the Court nominees .
That is what matters most to the Bush people .
It affects all the executive usurpations of the last seven yearsnot only the right of the president to wage undeclared wars , but his right to create military courts , to authorize extraordinary renditions , secret prisons , more severely coercive interrogation , trials with undisclosed evidence , domestic surveillance , and the overriding of congressional oversight in every aspect of government from energy policy to health services .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
As they prepared for surgery , technicians tallied sponges and blades so they could later be sure that none were left behind .
Before taking up his scalpel , Dr. Cole was reminded by the “ Time - Out ! ” towel covering his surgical tray to call for a brief break .
“ We have Cynthia here for a left ankle fuse , ” he announced .
“ Does everybody agree ? ”
After all in the room chimed their agreement , he made his incision .
In pre-op , Ms. Kehborn , 48 , said it had never occurred to her that patients might be charged for a medical error .
“ It should be the hospital ’s and doctor ’s responsibility to step up to the plate and own up to their mistakes , ” she said .
“ I ’d be livid if we had to pay for it . ”
The patient safety movement picked up steam in this country in 1999 , when the Institute of Medicine , a prestigious advisory group , estimated that 44,000 to 98,000 Americans died each year from preventable medical errors .
In response , at least 20 states have passed laws requiring hospitals to report mistakes or preventable infections publicly , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services now requires hospitals to report on 42 quality measures .
Hospitals that do not fully report may be docked up to 2 percent of their reimbursement .
In 2002 , the National Quality Forum , a standard - setting consortium for the health care industry , compiled a list of 27 largely preventable adverse events , a list that grew to 28 in 2006 with the addition of “ artificial insemination with the wrong donor sperm or egg . ”
In 2003 , Minnesota became the first state to require reporting of all errors on the list , and last year the state ’s hospital association became the first to announce that its members would not bill for them .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
08/25/2008
Because threatening inclusive businesses is a ' Family Policy ' ?
by Jeremy Hooper
On Friday we broke the news that the Family Policy Network , a Virginia state affiliate of the notorious American Family Association , has purchased the BoycottHallmark.com domain name .
Well now FPN has fully confirmed that because of the greeting card company 's decision to create a line of cards acknowledging same - sex commitments , they do , in fact , plan to launch a full - scale boycott against Hallmark 's business interests .
This from the temporary BoycottHallmark.com site :
FPN to Launch BOYCOTTHALLMARK.COM
Over Gay “ Wedding ” Cards
A full - scale boycott against the world ’s largest greeting card company will begin next week , prompted by the introduction of new products intended to congratulate recipients of so - called “ gay wedding ” and “ civil union ” contracts in states that recently began granting them to homosexual couples .
The pro-family campaign against Hallmark Cards , Inc. is being orchestrated by the nationally - organized Family Policy Network ( FPN ) , which is based in Forest , Virginia .
Several state - based pro-family groups are participating in the boycott , and their names will be featured on the boycott website when it is launched next week .
FPN Policy Analyst Alex Mason stated Friday that whenever evangelicals were informed of Hallmark ’s pro-homosexual cards , interest was high in holding the card - maker accountable .
He said , “ Up to this point , Hallmark ’s brand was pretty wholesome .
If they do n’t reconsider this endorsement of immorality , they ’ll lose more customers than they stand to gain . ”
He added , “ We hope our efforts to hold them accountable will help them see the light . ”
An official announcement from Family Policy Network concerning BOYCOTTHALLMARK .COM will be distributed to national media outlets and the group ’s supporters in all 50 states next week .
So once again , gays , the decision by a company to fold our lives and loves into society 's mix has driven the " pro-family " side to the brink .
And keep in mind -- this is n't a company that has donated to a " liberal " political campaign .
This is n't a company that has joined any pro-gay board .
This is n't a company that has even instituted a new policy protecting their gay employees .
This is a company that has simply printed a line of cards recognizing one certain kind of undeniably existing event , for which consumers might very well need to purchase a piece of stationary .
They are essentially extending their business so that it can better meet consumer need , and for that they are greeted with the proverbial torches and pitchforks .
:: sigh : :
We 'll have to wait for FPN's " official announcement " to learn all the subtle gradations and high - minded nuances that FPN plans to inject into this , the far - right 's latest bout of baseless extremism .
Though hopefully most folks will do to the boycott exactly what they do with the product causing the derision :
Toss it aside in favor of the much more valuable gift within their reach .
In this case , that gift is peace , love , and understanding .
FPN to Launch BOYCOTTHALLMARK.COM
Over Gay “ Wedding ” Cards [ FPN ]
Your thoughts
FPN's HQ , Forest , VA , is a suburb of Lynchburg , VA , home of LIberty University and Thomas Road Baptist Church and the Falwell Clan .
Need I say more ?
Well , Yes .
According to Anne Lamott : “ You can safely assume that you ’ve created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do . ”
Posted by : brucci | Aug 25 , 2008 8:33:27 AM
" to congratulate recipients of so - called “ gay wedding ” and “ civil union ” contracts in states that recently began granting them to homosexual couples .
" again , more denial of reality .
" recently began " ??
Marriage equality has been around in MA for 4 - years !
Vermont has had Civil Unions for , what , 5 or 6 years now ?
Wow , it just becomes more and more apparent that this is n't about ideological differences .
These people really do n't want gay folks to exist , and lash out at any company that recognizes the humanity of gays .
The fundies can no longer say that they do n't have a problem with gay people , it 's evident that any recognition of a reality that involves gay people , and not scolding us , is a reality they refuse to accept .
McDonald 's should start selling hallmark cards , maybe even have a contest where you can win a Ford truck !
Posted by : Jason D | Aug 25 , 2008 8:34:29 AM
Wow .
I am constantly surprised by the amount of hate they have for gay people .
I know I should n't be , the times they are a changin ' but they keep trying to change them back to who knows when .
And now going after Hallmark ?
I loathe these ' people ' more and more each day .
Posted by : johnozed | Aug 25 , 2008 10:35:42 AM
with all the other issues in this world ... " sigh "
Posted by : craig | Aug 25 , 2008 10:58:10 AM
Wow .
I am constantly surprised by the amount of hate they have for gay people .
I know I should n't be , the times they are a changin ' but they keep trying to change them back to who knows when .
And now going after Hallmark ?
I loathe these ' people ' more and more each day .
Posted by : johnozed | Aug 25 , 2008 11:20:53 AM
Yay I can't wait to see Hallmarks stock go up
Posted by : Andrew | Aug 25 , 2008 11:53:06 AM
Do these " pro " - family groups really get angry when a company includes us or is this just another was for them to make money with donations from their members ?
I mean , I have to imagine that a few of the people at the top of these groups have to be thinking , " Another boycott ?
This is getting exhausting .
They do n't no good .
We 're going to lose . "
Posted by : stojef | Aug 25 , 2008 12:07:27 PM
As I said over at Shakesville , this sort of delights me , because it hits the " family values " crowd where it hurts .
They were SO SURE that Hallmark was on THEIR side , with all those sappy messages and heartfelt sentiments !
I think it 's awesome that the Hallmark store no longer feels like a safe space for bigots , and next I 'd like to encourage the Thomas Kinkade Galleries to begin displaying softly - lit paintings of gay couples having sex in adorable cottages with American flags on the porch .
Posted by : Lizard | Aug 25 , 2008 12:44:48 PM
The really sad part is again they use the word " family " and basically hijack it .
People go to their site assuming they are about the " family " , when almost every story , link and cause is related to homosexuality in some way shape or form .
What about their site is actually pro family ?
Does making sure gay people do n't exist and that we do n't get equal rights somehow helpful to " traditional " families ?
I guess they would somehow find a way to say yes but to me they do n't have any real desire to help families or children or the impoverished or anyone else who truly may need a family group 's help .
Posted by : Ron | Aug 25 , 2008 1:17:35 PM
Does this mean they 'll have to stop watching " little house on the prairie " ?
And I seriously doubt that stockholders of the Disney® , Peanuts® , Garfield® , Looney Tunes® , franchises are shaking in their boots .
Posted by : | Aug 25 , 2008 1:21:42 PM
Your site has won a Blog of the Day Award ( BOTDA ) http://blogofthedayawards.blogspot.com/
Award Code
http://blogofthedayawards.blogspot.com/2006/06/blog-of-day-awards-code-for-winners.html
Thank you ,
Posted by : Bill Austin | Aug 25 , 2008 1:52:14 PM
I 'm straight , a Christian , very religious and pro-family .
I also will be buying at least three of the new Hallmark cards for my a few of my friend 's pending nuptials .
I do n't think any social minded intelligent person actually takes these " phobes " seriously .
Posted by : Tam | Aug 25 , 2008 1:52:23 PM
Do n't know anyone who is gay or lesbian that 's is getting married ?
Desperately want to support Hallmark ?
Why not send a card to : Donald E Wildmon
AFA
PO Drawer 2440
107 Parkgate Drive
Tupelo , MS 38803
Kill two birds with one stone ... support Hallmark and show this hater , how well his boycott is working .
Posted by : Taylor | Aug 25 , 2008 2:19:27 PM
While you ’re at it send two cards one to the AFA and one to : Donald J. Hall , Chairman
Hallmark Cards
2501 McGee Trafficway
Kansas City , MO 64108
That way everyone knows how useful the boycott will be !
Posted by : Randy | Aug 25 , 2008 2:38:06 PM
Clearly here 's what 's next : boycott US Postal Service for allowing the abominatable Hallmark cards to be delivered !
Then encourage the Senate to stop funding the USPS , why should taxpayers have to pay to have gay marriage cards move through the postal system with other wholesome , family - oriented mail !
Clearly we should pull the funding on the US Postal Service !
Besides , there 's nothing in the constitution guaranteeing the right to gay wedding cards !!!
Or maybe we should have a different institution , you know like " Civil Postings " so that these gay cards do n't have to violate the sanctity of the postal system !
Then we 'll boycott the uniform manufactureres for the USPS , as well as the Seqway , and whoever makes the mail trucks --- it 's probably Ford !!!
Posted by : Jason D | Aug 25 , 2008 3:01:50 PM
Taylor and Randy , I 'm not going to waste my postage on these idiots , but . . .
Perhaps we could put Wildmon on our RSVP list and send an invite to the reception .
Posted by : Gary | Aug 25 , 2008 3:48:56 PM
While it is a lovely idea , seeing a happy gay couple in a Kinkaid painting , fat chance that will ever happen .
T. Kinkaid is right up there cozy with the right in evangelical normalness .
I saw a " Christmas extravaganza " a few years ago from some conservative megachurch with Kinkaid as the kindly storyteller / painter with scenes from his paintings come to life .
Ah , the joys of a radiant hetero family .
I just had a thought , there are NO people in Kinlaids ' paintings , just pretty scenes with that funny " glowing " light , creation unmarred by people .
I love the Anne Lamott quote !
Posted by : Bob M | Aug 25 , 2008 9:34:28 PM
Yes , Jason D....McD's selling Hallmark cards ... and giving away Ford Truck !
Andrew the ' stock ' can't go up .
There is no stock , this is a privately owned business ...
so no sharholder 's either .
In this case they get to do what they want .
Lizard .... or even out of the cottage , right along those cute little stream beds .
Go Taylor and Randy ... one to the baddies , one to the goodies .... and $ $ for Hallmark bottom line .
Posted by : LOrion | Aug 26 , 2008 10:11:14 AM
Taylor , awesome idea .
It 's important that these companies get the idea that inclusiveness is good policy , especially when organizations like FPN and AFA beat down on them for it .
I sent Hallmark a " thank you " e-mail on Friday and got this today : " Much personal and creative effort goes into our products .
It is especially nice to hear that people enjoy the results .
We appreciate your preference for Hallmark products and place a high value on your comments .
Thank you for taking the time to let us know .
Thanks , Hallmark Consumer Care
www.Hallmark.com "
Posted by : GreenEyedLilo | Aug 26 , 2008 5:02:12 PM
One only has to look to Germany 1933 to see where the AFA learn this strategy from .
Posted by : Paula Brooks | Aug 27 , 2008 7:48:30 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
A gravity model of the Earth constructed with data from GRACE .
Credit : University of Texas Center for Space Research and NASA
German - American GRACE ( Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ) satellites , two satellites that have been orbiting the earth behind each other since mid-2002 .
Credit : GRACE
The sleek aerodynamic design of GOCE ( Gravity Field and Steady - State Ocean Circulation Explorer ) immediately sets it apart from most other satellites .
This unique five - metre long spacecraft has none of the usual moving parts .
The satellite together with its sensor , system of supporting instrumentation and control elements actually form a single composite gravity - measuring device .
Credits : ESA - AOES Medialab
Greenland lost an average of 195 cubic kilometres of ice per year between 2003 and 2008 , which is enough to cause an annual increase in the global sea level of half a millimetre , or 5 cm over the course of the next century .
Credit : GRACE
It is all about gravity these days .
First came GRACE ( Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ) and then we 'll have GOCE ( Gravity field and steady - state Ocean Circulation Explorer ) .
I 'll reveal the difference right away : GRACE measures time variations while GOCE measures the static gravity field .
Both are equally important for a number of societal application and both are hot on the satellite scene this fall .
Well , actually amazing science results have come out based on data from GRACE ever since it was launched in 2002 .
In particular the increased resolution is stunning and continue to enthuse the scientists .
One of my colleagues , Srinivas Bettanpur at the University of Texas , has increased the spatial resolution beyond our wildest dreams and provides now researchers with an instrument that can estimate mass changes with a spatial resolution of less than 322 km ( 200 miles ) – a lot better than first anticipated .
Most recently ( today ) , the first results from the unprecedented high accuracy measurements of Greenland ice variations was announced .
Lets back up a little and introduce GRACE in somewhat more details first .
The German - American GRACE consist in fact of two satellites and these twin satellites are used to make precise measurements of gravity - field changes on Earth .
As gravity is directly related to mass , these data can be used to plot changes in the earth 's water balance , such as the disappearance of the ice caps .
Major breakthroughs from GRACE include establishing the rapid loss of ice mass in recent years from Greenland and Antarctica , and major changes in water storage in China 's Yangtze River and other water sources .
GOCE will map the reference shape of our planet – the geoid - with unprecedented resolution and accuracy .
The spatial resolution for instance , will be 100 km ( for comparison note that the much improved spatial resolution of Grace is 322 km ) .
The satellite realizes a broad range of fascinating new possibilities for the fields of oceanography , solid Earth physics , geodesy and sea - level research , and significantly contribute to furthering our understanding of climate change .
A more detailed description of the usefulness of a good geoid can be found in 10 reasons why Al Gore needs the geoid ” .
Within the last 10 years an improved knowledge of the geoid has revolutionized height determination on land by GNSS satellites , allowing heights to be determined with an accuracy of better than 2 cm in several countries .
For marine areas a similar improvement is expected to take place giving oceanographers access to valuable information on ocean circulation from satellite altimetry .
GRACE and GOCE will to some extent complement each other and GOCE may even improve the performance of GRACE .
As for all remote sensing techniques , a ground segment to assist and calibrate the data is imperative .
Unfortunately GOCE has been delayed .
The original launching date this fall was on the same day they fired up the Large Hadron Collider , 10th September , but the event has been postponed and it is now set to 5th October 2008 .
Back to the news of the day .
Based on GRACE data researchers can now present a more detailed map of mass loss – the ice melting - in Greenland .
Researchers from TU Delft joined forces with the Center for Space Research ( CSR ) in Austin , Texas , USA , to develop a method for creating an accurate picture of Greenland 's shrinking ice cap .
On the strength of this method , it is now estimated that Greenland is accountable for a half millimeter - rise in the global sea level per year .
They point out , however , that long - term observations are needed to compile a reliable estimate of Greenland 's contribution to the rising sea level during the next century .
Due to the high spatial resolution it is possible to plot the loss of mass per region , thereby providing new insight into the patterns of ice loss .
These findings will be published in the scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters in early October .
Edit ( 2.10.2008 ) : New launching date for GOCE is set to 27th October 2008 .
Edit ( 2.12.2008 ) : Postponed to 2009 .
Edit ( 31.3.2009 ) : GOCE was successfully launched 17th March 2009 .
References : Gravity field and steady - state Ocean Circulation ExplorerGRACE at University of Texas at AustinGRACE at NASADelft University of Technology press release
At the Tokyo Game Show today , a video game player strapped on a headset and , without touching a conventional video game controller , began to kill zombies -- using only the power of his mind .
Called " Judecca , " the PC game is a zombie - killing first - person - shooter , though it 's really just a proof of concept and not something that 's going to be available to consumers anytime soon [ Fox News ] .
The game was produced by leading Japanese studio Square Enix and makes use of a brainwave - sensing headset from NeuroSky , a San Jose - based company that develops biometric sensors and similar products aimed at the consumer market [ PC World ] .
NeuroSky's " Mindset " device looks like a big pair of headphones with a single electrode that wraps around to tap the wearer 's forehead ; the company says the device uses electroencephalography ( EEG ) to measure the current state of relaxation or concentration of players .
The game made its debut at the Game Show today , and the first reports are coming in from bloggers who tried the system and figured out how to use the headset to wreak havoc on the zombie world .
After holding up your hand , you then concentrate on a glyph that glows in direct relation to your ability to concentrate , opening up what ’s called your Devil ’s Eye .
Once you ’re in a zen - like state , you can see Judecca ’s zombies and unleash some kill .
You can also show your concentration skills enough to walk through walls , naturally [ Tech News Time ] .
Entertainment that makes use of recent developments in machine - brain connections seems sure to emerge in the coming decade .
Square Enix has n't announced whether it will push forward to produce a commercial game with the technology , but NeuroSky has said that its Mindset is a simple , plug - and - play device that could be used in many different gaming systems .
NeuroSky also recently had a competition for game concepts that would use the Mindset and would run on the Nintendo system .
Related Content : 80 beats : Bionic Monkeys !Image : Business Wire
By Tim Whewell
BBC File On 4
Dr Marina Kochieva says her car was targeted by a Georgian tank The BBC has discovered evidence that Georgia may have committed war crimes in its attack on its breakaway region of South Ossetia in August .
Eyewitnesses have described how its tanks fired directly into an apartment block , and how civilians were shot at as they tried to escape the fighting .
Research by the international investigative organisation Human Rights Watch also points to indiscriminate use of force by the Georgian military , and the possible deliberate targeting of civilians .
Indiscriminate use of force is a violation of the Geneva Conventions , and serious violations are considered to be war crimes .
The allegations are now raising concerns among Georgia 's supporters in the West .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband has told the BBC the attack on South Ossetia was " reckless " .
He said he had raised the issue of possible Georgian war crimes with the government in Tbilisi .
The evidence was gathered by the BBC on the first unrestricted visit to South Ossetia by a foreign news organisation since the conflict .
Georgia 's attempt to re-conquer the territory triggered a Russian invasion and the most serious crisis in relations between the Kremlin and the West since the Cold War .
They went on firing all the next day without stopping .
At some point there was a pause , and we saw Georgian soldiers going along the street in their Nato uniforms
Taya Sitnik And Georgians themselves have suffered .
We confirmed the systematic destruction of former Georgian villages inside South Ossetia .
Some homes appear to have been not just burned by Ossetians , but also bulldozed by the territory 's Russian - backed authorities .
The war began when Georgia launched artillery attacks on targets in the South Ossetian capital , Tskhinvali , at about 2330 on 7 August 2008 .
Georgia said at the time that it was responding to increasing attacks on its own villages by South Ossetia militia , although it later said its action was provoked by an earlier Russian invasion .
Eye - witness account Georgy Tadtayev , a 21 - year - old dental student , was one of the Ossetian civilians killed during the fighting .
His mother , Taya Sitnik , 45 , a college lecturer , told the BBC he bled to death in her arms on the morning of 9 August after a fragment from a Georgian tank shell hit him in the throat as they were both sheltering from artillery fire in the basement of her block of flats .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mrs Sitnik said she subsequently saw the tank positioned a few metres from the building , firing shells into every floor .
Extensive damage to the five - storey block appeared consistent with her version of events .
She said she and her son were watching television when the Georgian attack began .
" They started firing not from rifles , but from heavy weapons .
Shells were exploding . "
" We jumped up straight away , switched off the lights and ran down to the cellar . "
" And we sat here on boxes .
We thought it would end , but the firing got heavier and heavier , " she added .
We 're very concerned at the use of indiscriminate force by the Georgian military
Allison Gill
Human Rights Watch
" They went on firing all the next day without stopping .
At some point there was a pause , and we saw Georgian soldiers going along the street in their Nato uniforms , " according to Mrs Sitnik .
" Then they started firing again , even more heavily .
The Grad rockets were coming over all the time . "
" How can you trust those people now ?
What possible friendship can there be ?
Let them all be cursed , cursed for the deaths of our children . "
Neighbours said another resident of the block , Khazbi Gagloyev , also died of wounds received during the attacks .
' Basements targeted '
The Russian prosecutor 's office is investigating more than 300 possible cases of civilians killed by the Georgian military .
Some of those may be Ossetian paramilitaries , but Human Rights Watch believes the figure of 300- 400 civilians is a " useful starting point " .
That would represent more than 1 % of the population of Tskhinvali - the equivalent of 70,000 deaths in London .
Find Out More Listen to File On 4 , Radio 4 Tuesday 28 October 2008 2000 GMT , repeated Sunday 2 November 1700 GMT
Or catch up at Radio 4's Listen Again site Listen to Assignment on BBC World Service Assignment Tim Whewell meets a mother stricken with grief after the death of her son in South Ossetia Newsnight Allison Gill , director of the Moscow office of Human Rights Watch , said : " We 're very concerned at the use of indiscriminate force by the Georgian military in Tskhinvali .
" Tskhinvali is a densely populated city and as such military action needs to be very careful that it does n't endanger civilians . "
" We know that in the early stages there were tank attacks and Grad rockets used by Georgian forces , " she added .
" Grad rockets cannot be used in densely populated areas because they cannot be precisely targeted , and as such they are inherently indiscriminate .
" Our researchers were on the ground in Tskhinvali as early as 12 August .
" And we gained evidence and witness testimony of Grad rocket attacks and tank attacks on apartment buildings , including tank attacks that shot at the basement level .
" And basements are typically areas where civilians will hide for their own protection .
" So all of this points to the misuse , the inappropriate use of force by Georgia against civilian targets , " according to Alison Gill .
Human Rights
Watch will talk only of the " possible " deliberate targeting by Georgian forces of individual civilians , a still more serious charge , though some Ossetians the BBC spoke to in Tskhinvali claim to have witnessed such cases .
Wreckage Marina Kochieva , a doctor at Tskhinvali's main hospital , says she herself was targeted by a Georgian tank as she and three relatives were trying to escape by car from the town on the night of 9 August .
She says the tank fired on her car and two other vehicles , forcing them to crash into a ditch .
The firing continued as she and her companions lay on the ground .
She showed the BBC the burnt - out wreckage of the car on the town 's ring - road , riddled with bullet holes and with a much larger hole , apparently from a tank round , in the front passenger door .
Ms Kochieva says a nurse from her hospital was killed while fleeing Tskhinvali in similar circumstances .
She says she counted 18 burnt - out cars on the ring - road on 13 August , at the end of the war , suggesting there may have been more casualties .
Many Tskhinvali buildings were damaged during the conflict Asked if , at night , Georgian soldiers might not have suspected her car of carrying Ossetian fighters , Ms Kochieva said : " Fighters would n't have gone away from town , they would have gone towards town .
We were escaping like other refugees .
" The Georgians knew this was the ' Road of Life ' for Ossetians .
They were sitting here waiting to kill us , " she said .
Georgia 's Foreign Minister Eka Tkeshelashvili told the BBC , " I can firmly say that the Georgian military , on intention , never attacked directly any civilian object .
" On the surface , the damage to some of the houses in Tskhinvali that can be observed might lead to this conclusion .
But to see if some is damage inflicted by direct targeting , for that an in - depth military assessment needs to be done .
" I think the best response is a fully - fledged independent , impartial international inquiry into the issue , " she added .
Her British counterpart David Miliband , who visited Georgia immediately after the war to show solidarity with its government , said he took the allegations of war crimes " extremely seriously " and had raised them " at the highest level " in Tbilisi .
Apparently hardening his language towards Georgia , he called its actions " reckless " .
But he added : " The Russian response was reckless and wrong " .
" It 's important that the Russian narrative cannot start with Georgian actions ; it has to start with the attacks on the Georgians from the South Ossetians and that is the tit - for - tat that got out of control , " he said .
Revenge
The BBC saw evidence of the cycle of revenge since the war , with the demolition of most houses in the former ethnic Georgian villages on the northern outskirts of Tskhinvali .
No , it was n't ethnic cleansing ... we just let them go from our land
Zaur Gagloyev
The houses , whose occupants fled during the war to other parts of Georgia , were burnt by Ossetians immediately after the fighting .
They are now expected to be replaced by a brand - new housing complex with a cinema and sports facilities to be financed by the city of Moscow .
Zaur Gagloyev , a 20 - year - old former law student , now unemployed , claimed he was one of those responsible for the burning .
" There were so many provocations in these villages by Georgians , " he said .
" For example , they were taking Ossetians as hostages and that 's why I feel so angry . "
Mr Gagloyev added : " If you want an advice on how to burn a house , just set light to a curtain and the whole house will catch fire . "
Asked if he was guilty of ethnic cleansing , he replied , " No , it was n't ethnic cleansing .
" No - one was killed there .
We just let them go from our land .
I do n't know whether they will return or not , " he added .
" But I did everything I could for them not to return .
Never .
You can call it ethnic cleaning , but I think I just did it to prevent a future war , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You think when you go to sleep , you just , well , sleep ?
Sleep , as it turns out , is far more complicated than we thought .
And the brain not only does n’t turn off , but appears to help keep itself healthy .
We ’ve all heard of REM — rapid eye movement — discovered by the late physiologists Eugene Aserinsky and Nathaniel Kleitman at the University of Chicago in 1953 .
Scientific American has the story :
During REM sleep , our brain waves — the oscillating electromagnetic signals that result from large - scale brain activity — look similar to those produced while we are awake .
And in subsequent decades , the late Mircea Steriade of Laval University in Quebec and other neuroscientists discovered that individual collections of neurons were independently firing in between these REM phases , during periods known as slow - wave sleep , when large populations of brain cells fire synchronously in a steady rhythm of one to four beats each second .
So it became clear that the sleeping brain was not merely “ resting , ” either in REM sleep or in slow - wave sleep .
Sleep was doing something different .
Something active .
Discovering REM sleep was the first clue that sleep did n’t just help keep our bodies healthy , but our minds as well .
And while many studies have been conducted on sleep since 1953 , it ’s only been in the last decade where we ’ve begun to appreciate the complexity and importance of sleep for our minds .
In 2000 , researchers discovered that people that received more than 6 hours of sleep during an experiment helped improve their performance on tasks designed to tax the memory .
The key came in the discovery that participants did n’t just require REM sleep to improve their performance — they needed all that other sleep time too ( what scientists call ‘ slow - wave ’ sleep ) .
The long article also provides a nice description of our current understanding of how memory works :
To understand how that could be so , it helps to review a few memory basics .
When we “ encode ” information in our brain , the newly minted memory is actually just beginning a long journey during which it will be stabilized , enhanced and qualitatively altered , until it bears only faint resemblance to its original form .
Over the first few hours , a memory can become more stable , resistant to interference from competing memories .
But over longer periods , the brain seems to decide what is important to remember and what is not — and a detailed memory evolves into something more like a story .
The researchers also discovered that sleep helps stabilize memories — sleep changes our memory , “ making it robust and more resistant to interference in the coming day , ” as the article notes .
But wait , sleep does more !
It may not just stabilize our memories , it may actually help our brains process the memories , keeping the bits we need for long - term memories ( especially the emotional components ) , and dropping the extraneous details that would clog our limited storage capacity :
Over just the past few years , a number of studies have demonstrated the sophistication of the memory processing that happens during slumber .
In fact , it appears that as we sleep , the brain might even be dissecting our memories and retaining only the most salient details . [… ]
Instead of deteriorating , memories for the emotional objects actually seemed to improve by a few percent overnight , showing about a 15 percent improvement relative to the deteriorating backgrounds .
After a few more nights , one could imagine that little but the emotional objects would be left .
We know this culling happens over time with real - life events , but now it appears that sleep may play a crucial role in this evolution of emotional memories .
But wait , sleep does even more !
Even more recent research suggests that sleep helps our brain to process the information of the day and solve problems .
The upshot is that sleep is far , far more important than most of us realize and few of us appreciate .
We miss it and think nothing of chopping off a few hours here or there .
But the emerging research suggests that when we cut out sleep , we may be actually harming our formation of new memories for the recent past , and our ability to perform up to our usual standards .
The researchers sum it up best :
As exciting findings such as these come in more and more rapidly , we are becoming sure of one thing : while we sleep , our brain is anything but inactive .
It is now clear that sleep can consolidate memories by enhancing and stabilizing them and by finding patterns within studied material even when we do not know that patterns might be there .
It is also obvious that skimping on sleep stymies these crucial cognitive processes : some aspects of memory consolidation only happen with more than six hours of sleep .
Miss a night , and the day ’s memories might be compromised — an unsettling thought in our fast - paced , sleep - deprived society .
Read the full ( albeit long ) article at Scientific American : Sleep on It : How Snoozing Makes You Smarter
While You Sleep , Your Brain Keeps Working
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
From : dr_nic
2008 -10-31 03:54 am ( UTC )
Just ... beautiful .
More robot comics !
More robot and dinosaur buddy comics !
That 's my vote .
From : travisezell
2008 -10-31 03:55 am ( UTC )
Yeah , take that , TURTLE !
Think you 're so great ?
Who 's great now ?
From : davario
2008 -10-31 03:55 am ( UTC )
haha !
you are probably the only person i know who outdoes himself with each day .
From : to_the_wick
2008 -10-31 03:58 am ( UTC )
I actually said " WAUGH ! " out loud when I saw that fish girl with the hair again .
Her beady little eyes stare straight into my soul .
From : stoda
2008 -10-31 06:26 am ( UTC )
My reaction was very similar !
From : breakstone
2008 -10-31 04:03 am ( UTC )
Just great .
I love the guest appearance by the mermaid .
From : shadowofsummer
2008 -10-31 04:05 am ( UTC )
The last page is perfect .
From : bookofbiff
2008 -10-31 04:05 am ( UTC )
Haaaa !
I thought this was just going to be a quiet interlude between R&B 's usual hijinks and tomfoolery so the visual punchline at the end totally caught me off guard .
From : jamtorkberg
2008 -10-31 04:07 am ( UTC )
We should figure out what color impressed is , so I can be colored it .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008-10-31 04:12 am ( UTC )
oh man next print please
pretty please
From : blake_reitz
2008 -10-31 04:16 am ( UTC )
I feel better now .
From : ( Anonymous )
2008 -10-31 04:25 am ( UTC )
geez .
Your stuff is always so great , yet has somehow managed to be way better than usual lately .
The unemployment rate surged to 5.5 percent in May from 5 percent  the sharpest monthly spike in 22 years  as the economy lost 49,000 jobs , registering a fifth consecutive month of decline , the Labor Department reported Friday .
The weak jobs report , coupled with a staggering rise in the price of oil  up a record $ 10.75 a barrel to more than $ 138  unleashed a feverish sell - off on Wall Street , sending the Dow Jones industrial average down nearly 400 points .
The dollar plunged against several major currencies .
Investors ’ recent hopes that the United States might yet skirt a recession sank swiftly in the face of gloomy indications that the economy is gripped by a slowdown and pressured by record fuel prices .
For tens of millions of Americans struggling to pay bills , the jobs report added an official stamp of authority to a dispiriting reality they already know :
A deteriorating labor market is eliminating paychecks just as they are needed to compensate for the soaring cost of food and fuel , and as the fall in house prices hacks away at household wealth and access to credit .
Although this list has been done by others , we ’ve spent an unhealthy amount of time looking for specific examples of massively long , futuristic tunnels and impressive stations to give a definitive list from specific vanatage points , including some more obscure examples .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
The current system of publishing medical and scientific research provides " a distorted view of the reality of scientific data that are generated in the laboratory and clinic , " says a team of researchers in PLoS Medicine .
In their Essay , Neal Young ( National Institutes of Health , USA ) , John Ioannidis ( Tufts University School of Medicine , USA and University of Ioannina School of Medicine , Greece ) , and Omar Al - Ubaydli ( George Mason University , USA ) apply principles from the field of economics to present evidence consistent with a distortion .
There is an " extreme imbalance , " they say , between the abundance of supply ( the output of basic science laboratories and clinical investigations ) and the increasingly limited venues for publication ( journals with sufficiently high impact ) .
The result is that only a small proportion of all research results are eventually chosen for publication , and these results are unrepresentative of scientists ' repeated samplings of the real world .
The authors argue that there is a moral imperative to reconsider how scientific data are judged and disseminated .
Digital Tradition Mirror
The Three Cherry Sisters Karamazov
( This score available as ABC , SongWright , PostScript , PNG , or PMW , or a MIDI file )
Pennywhistle notation and Dulcimer tab for this song is also available
The Three Cherry Sisters Karamazov
His name was Boris Makaloff Alexis Gregor Mackaloff ,
His neighbors called him Grisha In their quaintly Russian style .
His life was sad but lecherous Mid landscape bleak and treacherous Where Nevsky Prospekt pleases
And only man is vile .
He loved his cousin Anushka Andreiovanya Babushka , A gloomy dipsomaniac Called Sonia by all .
A girl of low mentality Which , in that grim locality , Did not impair a maiden 's Popularity at all .
With ardent love did she adore A student known as Fyodor , A circumstance that filled our hero Grisha with dismay ;
So when his love she threw aside
He threatened sudden suicide ( A popular diversion In a merry Russian play ) .
" Alas , " he muttered sourly , " I 'm growing madder hourly .
Do n't spurn me , little mother , For this unattractive guy .
I may say , without vanity , For unalloyed insanity
You 'll have a job to find a lad As lunatic as I . "
" Although , " retorted Anushka Andreiovanya Babushka , " Your maudlin , drunken lunacy My girlish heart has swayed , Though Fyodor 's inferior , He 's gloomier and drearier , A prime consideration to A simple Russian maid . "
Her ancient servant , Rubinoff , Irked " You 're hardly boob enough To want to wed a student So devoid of worldly goods . "
Said Fyodor dejectedly , Arriving unexpectedly , but a simple Muscovite , But how I love the woods !
" This life is all futility And chronic imbecility ;
It 's desolate and empty as A broken samovar . "
" Alas ! alack ! " cried Sonia , " I 've galloping pneumonia ! "
And burst into a melancholy Tune on the guitar .
" Now , by our good St. Nicholas , This all is too ridikilous ! "
Cried Grisha with asperity , and Drew a murderous gun .
" My paranoidal tendency Is gaining the ascendancy .
Let 's kill this fellow Fyodor In clean and playful fun . "
" Alas , " retorted Anushka Andreiovanya Babushka , " That pistol is unloaded That you 're pointing at his head . "
Cried Grisha , sad and tearfully , fates have tricked me fearfully .
Let 's get a flask of vodka , and Get ossified instead . "
So , as this project germinates
The play abruptly terminates .
( A custom of the Russians to Leave everything in doubt . )
Although I 've seen the best of them By Tchekoff and the rest of them I 've not the slightest notion what The devil they 're about .
The lyrics are by Newman Levy , published in Theatre Guyed , 1933 , Alfred A. Knopf , NY .
It can easily be sung to the tune of STENKA RAZIN .
SH Oct00
Thanks to Mudcat for the Digital Tradition !
Pedestrians crowd fifth avenue as the holiday weekend approaches and temperatures reach the mid 40's in the metropolitan area Friday , Dec. 22 , 2006 in New York .
The tendency of some white people to go silent or act " colorblind " on the topic of race could do more harm than good , new research shows .
White people — including children as young as 10 — may avoid talking about race so as not to appear prejudiced , but that approach often backfires as black people tend to view this approach as evidence of prejudice , especially when race is clearly relevant .
These results are from two separate sets of experiments led by researchers from Tufts University and Harvard Business School .
Their findings are reported in the October issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology and the September issue of Developmental Psychology .
" Efforts to talk about race are fraught with the potential for misunderstandings , " said researcher Evan Apfelbaum , a Ph.D. candidate at Tufts University .
" One way that whites try to appear unbiased is to avoid talking about race altogether , a tendency we refer to as strategic colorblindness . "
A 2004 Pew Research Center for the People & Press survey revealed that race continues to divide Americans even though a lot of progress has been made in the past 20 years .
The number of Americans who say they have little in common with people of other races is down to 13 percent ( from 25 percent in 1988 ) ; and the idea of interracial dating among blacks and whites is now broadly accepted .
Apfelbaum 's research , however , shows that whites are still socially awkward around blacks on the topic of race .
No , you say it
In one of Apfelbaum 's studies , 101 white undergraduate students were paired with either a white or black female partner who pretended to be another participant .
The pairs were presented with 30 photographs of faces that varied in race , gender and background color .
Each white participant ’s objective was to guess which of the photographs the partner was holding by asking as few yes - or - no questions as possible .
Even though asking about the race of the person in the photograph was a sound strategy for completing the task , white participants were far less likely to do so with a black versus a white partner .
Moreover , when the black partner was the first one to have a turn asking questions , whether she mentioned race had a dramatic effect .
White participants whose black partner asked about race mentioned race on their own turn 95 percent of the time .
When the black partner never asked about race , white participants only did so 10 percent of the time .
" There was clear evidence the white participants ’ behavior was influenced by the precedent set by their partner , but especially when that partner was black , " said Samuel Sommers , assistant professor at Tufts .
He worked with Apfelbaum on the research .
" Whites are strategically avoiding the topic of race because they ’re worried that they ’ll look bad if they admit they notice it in other people . "
Others ' reactions
The researchers also wanted to see how outsiders interpreted such interactions .
In another experiment , 74 black and white college students evaluated videos of whites engaging in the photo task .
The results showed that whites ’ effort to appear colorblind backfired .
Black observers rated whites ’ avoidance of asking about race as being evidence of prejudice .
What ’s more , when the researchers showed silent video clips of whites from the study to another group of individuals , those whites who avoided asking about race were judged as less friendly , just on the basis of their nonverbal behavior .
" The findings suggest that when race is clearly relevant , whites who think that it is a wise social strategy to avoid talking about race should think again , " Apfelbaum said .
Kids do it too
Even children appear to adopt this strategically colorblind approach , Apfelbaum said .
In another set of experiments , 101 white children between the ages of 8 and 11 were asked to perform a similar photo task .
The children were told that asking as few yes - or - no questions as possible would mean they would get a higher score on the task .
The results showed that the older children , ages 10 and 11 , avoided asking about race more than the younger children , even though this led them to perform less efficiently than their younger counterparts on the task .
In a control version where all the faces in the photos were white , the older children outperformed the younger children , as expected .
" This result is fascinating because it shows that children as young as 10 feel the need to try to avoid appearing prejudiced , even if doing so leads them to perform poorly on a basic cognitive test , " said Kristin Pauker , a Ph.D. candidate at Tufts who also was involved in the research .
The authors associated with both studies said their findings offer several important implications .
" Our findings do n’t suggest that individuals who avoid talking about race are racists , " Apfelbaum explained .
" On the contrary , most are well - intentioned people who earnestly believe that colorblindness is the culturally sensitive way to interact .
But , as we ’ve shown , bending over backward to avoid even mentioning race sometimes creates more interpersonal problems than it solves . "
Every four years , the world looks with bafflement at the United States as the country goes through its curious process of electing its President .
Truth be told , the system is far from obvious , and remains misunderstood and controversial even within the U.S.A .
A brief primer on how it all works .
Anzeige
The most common false assumption about the President of the United States is that he is directly elected through a popular vote of the people .
It ’s easy to fall into this trap , given the appealing simplicity of such a democratic method .
In reality , the President is elected through a one - of - a- kind , indirect process , which places the emphasis on the individual state elections .
The electoral system written in the Constitution of the United States was designed to preserve the autonomy and political power of the states , and this federal character of the country is preserved in the Electoral College system .
How does the Electoral College function ?
American voters do not cast their ballot for President at the federal level .
Rather , the votes are counted at the local level and then submitted to the electoral commissions of the states .
Each state has a certain number of electors , equal to the number of U.S. representatives from that state , plus the two senators .
The District of Columbia also has a number of electors equal to that of the smallest state , currently three , thanks to the Twenty - third Amendment to the Constitution , ratified in 1961 ( before that , residents of the District could not vote for President ) .
The state with the largest number of electors is California , which has 55 .
In total , there are currently 538 electors .
A candidate needs to win 270 electoral votes to become President .
Anzeige
Depending on which candidate receives a majority of the popular vote in a given state , the electors of that state will all cast their votes for that candidate , a winner - takes - all system .
This is the case in 48 states and the District of Columbia ; in two states , Maine and Nebraska , a different system is used in which it is possible for electoral votes to be split between the candidates .
In Maine , for example , two of its four electoral votes are determined by the statewide , popular vote , but the other two votes are determined by the outcome of the election in the two Congressional districts .
It is possible , then , for Maine and Nebraska to cast their electoral votes for both candidates .
A three - step process
Election Day , written in the U.S. Constitution , is the Tuesday following the first Monday in November .
On this day , Americans who are not voting by absentee ballot go to the polls to cast their ballot .
Technically , the American voter is not electing the President , though the Presidential candidates ’ names appear on the ballot .
Rather , the voter is electing the members of the Electoral College , who will later elect the President .
Anzeige
After the outcome of the election is known at the state level , the secretaries of the respective states prepare ‘ Certificates of Ascertainment ’ naming the electors chosen , and send one original and two copies to the Archivist of the United States .
On December 15 , the electors of each state meet to select the President and Vice President of the United States .
They record their vote on six ‘ Certificates of Vote ’ , which are sent , along with the ‘ Certificates of Ascertainment ’ , to the President of the Senate , Archivist of the United States , and other federal bodies .
These offices must have received the documents by December 24 .
The final step in electing the U.S. President will take place on January 6 , 2009 .
On this day , Congress will meet in a joint - session ( both houses ) to count the electoral votes .
With the official numbers certified by the Congress , the path is cleared for Inauguration Day , January 20 , 2009 , when the new President takes his Oath of Office .
Challenges to the system
Anzeige
Critics of the Electoral College system have existed since it was codified in the Constitution .
In fact , the question of how to select the executive of the United States has been an ongoing debate for the past 230 years , give or take .
According to the National Archives and Records Administration , more than 700 proposals for reforming or abolishing the Electoral College have been introduced in Congress in that time .
In 1987 , the American Bar Association reported that 69 percent of lawyers wanted to do away with the system .
Popular support for this ‘ archaic ’ system has not fared better : between 58 and 81 percent of Americans were against the Electoral College system between 1967 and 1981 .
Still , the system endures because , first of all , it would be difficult to change it , and second , because it is difficult to establish consensus around an alternative method .
Changing the Electoral College system would require an amendment to the U.S. Constitution , which would require a two - thirds majority in both houses of Congress , as well as support from three - fourths of the states .
This is not easy to achieve .
But the Electoral College system also persists because despite its shortcomings , there are several reasons to recommend it .
Supporters of the system point out that the framers of the Constitution considered several other possibilities , but settled on this one for its advantages :
It helps ensure political stability by making it difficult for third party candidates to become president ; it gives rural areas and small states more power , better distributing political clout across the country ; and it encourages a federal system of representation .
Of course , the critics will surely continue to work on alternative systems to challenge the status quo .
As long as outcomes like the contested 2000 election , in which Al Gore won the popular vote of the United States as a whole by a hair over George W. Bush , but lost the election when the Supreme Court awarded Florida ’s Electoral College votes to Bush , continue , there will surely be other systems proposed .
But for the 2008 election at least , McCain and Obama will win or lose the election based on the outcome of the Electoral College system .
Additional Information :
Back to English News homepage
Also in this week 's column :
Why is n't pubic hair the same colour as hair on your head ?
Asked by Hannah Swain of The Hague , The Netherlands
Just as with skin , the colour of hair is determined by the amount of melanin in the outer layer ( cortex ) of each hair .
Melanin is a protein that has colour .
Black hair has the greatest amount of melanin .
White hair has no melanin .
Hair gets its colour from the two types of melanin that create the variety of hair colors we see .
Eumelanin ( sometimes called black / brown melanin ) is the darkest melanin and the most commonly found in humans .
Phaeomelanin ( sometimes called red melanin ) is the lighter melanin .
One 's hair color is the ratio of eumelanin to phaeomelanin .
A high amount of eumelanin with little phaeomelanin results in black or brown hair .
As the ratio of eumelanin to phaeomelanin lessens , the result is red , ginger , and blonde hair .
This ratio varies enormously among humans .
This is why everyone 's hair is just a little different .
Melanin is produced by a group of specialized cells called melanocytes .
These cells are located near the hair bulb .
They collect and form bundles of a pigment protein complex called melanosomes .
The size , type , and distribution of the melanosomes will determine the type of melanin produced and in which ratio .
The type of melanin of a person 's hair is inherited .
Melanin also varies in the hair of different parts of the body .
This is why pubic hair is sometimes a slightly different colour from hair elsewhere .
The absence of melanin later in life causes white hair .
White hair may appear on some parts of the body before others because there is variation in this too .
Interesting facts
The average human hair is 91 per cent protein .
The average human hair is composed of 45 per cent carbon , 27.9 per cent oxygen , 15.1 per cent nitrogen , 6.6 per cent hydrogen , and 5.2 per cent sulfur .
Stephen Juan , Ph.D. is an anthropologist at the University of Sydney .
Email your Odd Body questions to s.juan@edfac.usyd.edu.au
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The global financial crisis has eclipsed Western jitters over Iran ’s nuclear program and may have put paid to the possibility of the United States or Israel resorting to preemptive military strikes .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad answers questions at a news conference during the 63rd United Nations General Assembly at the U.N. headquarters in New York , September 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chip East
To bomb Iranian sites now , diplomats and analysts say , would risk triggering an even more intolerable tumult should Tehran choke off oil exports -- something neither U.S. President George W. Bush nor his imminent successor looks likely to countenance .
With the U.N. Security Council in stalemate after Russia and China balked at initiatives to pass a fourth round of sanctions against Iran , Western powers may be forced to focus on diplomatic engagement and economic incentives instead .
That would leave Israel , which has vowed to deny Iran the means to threaten its existence , with a stark choice between launching unilateral attacks and being branded a warmonger or accepting the prospect of an arch - enemy with nuclear weaponry .
“ We have made it clear that an offensive option against Iran is not something we want contemplated at this time , ” said a U.S. diplomat who has had extensive dealings with Israel .
Some analysts suggest Israel could strike after the November 4 U.S. election but before Barack Obama or John McCain becomes president in January , to avoid alienating American voters while capitalizing on the parting largesse of the Bush White House .
Yet there are already signals of a softening in Washington ’s hard line on Iran , which insists its atomic ambitions are peaceful -- for example , a State Department proposal to open an interests section in Tehran , perhaps as early as next month .
Sam Gardiner , a retired U.S. air force colonel who runs wargames for government agencies , said the banking meltdown and non-Middle Eastern crises such as the Russian - Georgian conflict and escalating American operations against al Qaeda targets on the Pakistan - Afghanistan border had overhauled American agendas .
Whether the new president is the conciliatory Obama or more hawkish McCain , he will inherit foreign policy priorities that stress containment or cooperation on Iran , Gardiner said .
“ The consensus among American decision - makers is that bombing Iran is not the path to pursue right now .
I see players being more and more cautious about the consequences to fragile economies of an oil spike , ” Gardiner said .
U.S. military commanders have long voiced misgivings about the idea of opening a front with Iran that would sap the resources of their protracted campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan .
BLOOD AND OIL
Though they have the planes needed for massive bombing runs , the Americans ’ budgets , gutted by government bank bailouts , may find it hard to fund a new war -- especially if ground troops are dragged in or if Iran responds by stoking Iraq ’s insurgency .
“ It stands to reason that it ( an offensive against Iran ) would be expensive , and they ( U.S. forces ) are already doing a lot , ” said Mark Stoker , a defense economist at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London .
One effect of the international money woes has been the sudden slashing of oil costs by more than half from their July peak of $ 147 a barrel .
It is a silver lining for those who want to curb Iran , the world ’s fourth - biggest producer of crude .
“ We always thought that the best way to show up ( Iranian President Mahmoud ) Ahmadinejad would be for oil prices to get cut dramatically , ” said a European government official .
Like Bush , Obama and McCain have said military force should remain an option .
Some experts argue that Iran , low on oil profits , is now be especially vulnerable to effective air strikes and unlikely to mount any major retaliation .
But Gardiner predicted the next White House would opt first of all to toughen up sanctions -- say , by restricting Iran ’s refined fuel imports -- ideally with Russia coaxed on board .
Few experts see Israel wanting to be blamed abroad for single - handedly driving oil costs back up or drawing Iranian reprisals against U.S. or Sunni Arab assets in the Gulf .
“ A direct attack on Iran would be costly .
There are other ways of putting a price tag on their nuclear policy .
It ’s not an all - or - nothing , ‘ strike or appease ’ situation , ” said an Israeli diplomat .
Outgoing Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has dismissed calls by some of his cabinet colleagues for a unilateral attack on Iran as “ megalomania , ” saying on September 29 that Israel must “ act within the envelope of the international system . ”
That , diplomats said , referred to the Olmert government ’s lobbying of foreign powers while sustaining the spectre of war via media leaks about Israeli military readiness to hit Iran .
Olmert ’s heir - apparent , Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , may prove to be even more gun-shy .
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported last year that she had privately voiced doubts whether a nuclear - armed Iran could threaten the survival of Israel , which is believed to have the Middle East ’s only atomic arsenal .
THE government is to invest £ 500bn of your money in British banks so they can lend it back to you with interest .
The historic move is being hailed as a lifeline for the financial system as long as nobody asks too many questions .
Julian Cook , chief economist at Corbett and Barker , said : " The government will give your money to the banks so the banks can start lending you that money , probably at around 7 % APR .
" Thanks to all the interest you 're paying on your own money , the banks will make billions of pounds again and normality will be restored .
" After a few years of this the government will cash in the bank shares it bought with your money and use the profits to build a huge fucking dome somewhere . "
He added : " In case you had n't already worked it out – the entire global financial system is predicated on the assumption that you 're an idiot . "
Chancellor Alistair Darling said the decision had been taken in tandem with the banking industry , adding : " They used a lot of dirty words I 'd never heard before and one of them had an angry looking dog . "
Meanwhile , Emma Bradford , a sales manager from Bath , said : " Why does n't the government just give my money to me so I can buy stuff from businesses who will then make a profit and put it in a bank ? "
But Mr Darling insisted : " Shut up . "
Paddington Bear Turns 50 ( Photos )
Google showed their respects toby incorporating his photo into their homepage logo today on the 50th anniversary of his arrival on the literary scene .
The lovable fictional character in children 's literature is a polite immigrant bear who came from Darkest Peru with his old brush hat and battered suitcase .
Paddington books have been translated into 30 languages and have sold 30 million copies worldwide .
Michael Bond 's first book A Bear Called Paddington was published by William Collins & Sons ( now Harper Collins ) on October 13 , 1958 .
The illustrator was Peggy Fortnum .
Paddington , who loves cocoa and marmalade sandwiches and has an endless capacity to find trouble , but does " try so hard to get things right " .
He normally addresses people as Mr. , Mrs. , or Miss and very rarely uses first names .
His normal menagerie of friends include Mr. Brown , Mrs. Brown , Jonathan and Judy , Mrs. Bird , Mr. Gruber , Mr. Curry and Aunt Lucy .
Happy 50th Paddington Bear !
[ Hamster Sergeant Voice ] " I see we have three new recruits . "
" Chewing on your own foot are we Soldier ?
TERRIFIC . Congratulations . "
[ In Private Nuts face ] " You !
Are !
Useless ! Blobs ! "
" You !
Yes you , napping in that hand !
What are you going to DO with the rest of your life ?
Hit the seed stash ! "
It 's no use , Sender - Inner Joy J. Hamster recruit photos Foot in mouth , Soya the bean and soya bean were originally uploaded by MeLa de Gypsie .
Spain Economy
Watch is a weblog - run by Edward Hugh - which is dedicated to following the day to day progress of the Spanish economy as part of the eurozone system .
The Weblog arose out of my curiosity concerning how the system operated in connection with the evident demographic patterns which are to be found among the various member states of the zone .
The roots of the particular mix of economic problems which some of these economies now seem to be facing , in particular in association with the ending of the construction boom , about what can be done to address these problems , and about what might be learnt from studying the situation as it evolves .
Spanish society shares in common with the other Southern European zone members a historically unprecedented combination of structural problems stemming from a very rapid decline in fertility and increase in life expectancy - both of which tend towards a situation of rapid population ageing .
One consequence of the fertility decline is that there is often now insufficient insufficient domestic labour supply to meet the growth needs of these societies , needs which are only reinforced by the weight of the pensions liabilities which are now imminently pending .
The impact of this has been a considerable migration inflow which has both been fueled by and in turn has fueled a construction boom .
Needless to say none of these problems were ever really contemplated when the present generation of economic textbooks was written .
Dealing with this whole problem set has become a most pressing concern , both theoretically and practically .
A great deal more background and information about the theoretical perspective which informs this blog may be found over at the Demography Matters blog .
( h/t Heather )
Making good on his assumption ( or was that a threat ? ) that the waning days of the election may result in a Special Comment every day , this time Keith Olbermann reminds Sarah Palin that actually understanding the responsibility of the Office of the Vice President would not make you a liberal elitist .
I mean , I 'd like my President and Vice President to have memorized the Constitution , and abide by it ...
Or at least , I 'd like them to know more about the Constitution than I do .[..]
Maybe I 'm raising the bar too high ...
But at least wait until you achieve office before trying to seize power extra-Constitutionally !
" The founders " were not George Bush and Dick Cheney !
Transcripts below the fold
I suggested last night that until the election , we could very easily wind up doing a Special Comment here every show .
It was in turn suggested to me that while events may warrant them , this would certainly render that word " Special " -- for two weeks anyway -- inoperative .
Good point .
So tonight , as promised , a Campaign Comment on the continuing adventures of Governor Sarah Palin in the big leagues ...
Or ... " Are You Smarter Than A Third Grader . "
Q : Finally governor we 've been trying to engage some local grade schoolers for the last few elections .
We do a feature called ' questions from the third grade . '
Brandon Garcia wants to know , " What does the Vice President do ? "
PALIN : Aw , that 's something that Piper would ask me , as a second grader , also .
That 's a great question , Brandon , and a Vice President has a really great job , because not only are they there to support the President agenda , they 're like a team member , the team mate to that President .
But also , they 're in charge of the United States Senate , so if they want to they can really get in there with the Senators and make a lot of good policy changes that will make life better for Brandon and his family and his classroom .
And it 's a great job and I look forward to having that job .
Oh !
I 'm so sorry , Governor !
The correct answer can be found in the Constitution of the United States ...
Article One , Section Three : " The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate , but shall have no Vote , unless they be equally divided . "
So , the Vice President is not in charge of Jack , Governor , let alone in charge of the Senate .
And you are not smarter than a Third Grader .
On the one level it is hilarious and entertaining that the Republican nominee cannot correctly answer the question " What Does The Vice President Do ? " ...
I mean , that first reference to the Vice President comes not 600 words into the Constitution .
And the other meaty references are pretty simple :
Article 2 , Section 1 , " In case of the removal of the President from Office , or of his death , resignation , or inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office , the same shall devolve on the Vice President " ...
There 's the 20th Amendment : you 're done on January 20th ...
And the 25th Amendment : if the President 's incapacitated , you 're the acting Pres .
It 's so simple , really ... one could memorize those four points pretty easily ...
Would n't take long .
Brandon Garcia could do it in the third grade .
So , on the one level , this is pretty damn silly .
The Sarah Palin material -- as Tina
Fey might be able to say -- just writes itself .
As it does , it makes stupid mistakes , but it still writes itself .
Except there are two very serious aspects to this .
Governor , do you really think you'd be " in charge of the United States Senate ? "
Do you really want to suggest that you think if you " want to " ... you " can really get in there with the Senators and make a lot of good policy changes " ?
We 're just wrapping up eight years of a Vice President who had no clue what his damned job consisted of -- could n't even correctly find his governmental branch with both hands .
The last thing anybody in this country wants , Republican or Democrat , is another Buccaneer in there , making it up as they go along , and , in your case , presuming you can stride in to the Senate and change policy if you want to !
Besides which , Governor , exactly how on earth could you not have the correct answer ... by now ?
It 's not like this is the ** first ** time you 've been asked about the Vice Presidency and gone all Miss South Carolina on us .
Larry KUDLOW :
Is this police - flap state investigation going to disqualify you from becoming Senator McCain 's vice presidential candidate ?
PALIN : As for that VP talk all the time , I 'll tell you , I still can't answer that question until somebody answers for me what is it exactly that the VP does every day ?
I 'm used to being very productive and working real hard in an administration .
We want to make sure that that VP slot would be a fruitful type of position , especially for Alaskans and for the things that we 're trying to accomplish up here for the rest of the U.S. , before I can even start addressing that question . "
That was on the 31st of July on CNBC , Governor .
Even giving you the biggest benefit of the doubt -- that your later claim that that was just a lame attempt at a joke ...
You could n't come up with the correct job description ... on the second try ?
What am I saying ?
The third try !
Gwen IFILL 10/2/08 : Governor , you said in July that someone would have to explain to you exactly what it is the vice president does every day .
PALIN : In my comment there , it was a lame attempt at a joke and yours was a lame attempt at a joke , too , I guess , because nobody got it ... Of course we know what a vice president does .
And that 's not only to preside over the Senate and will take that position very seriously also .
I 'm thankful that the Constitution would allow a bit more authority given to the vice president if that vice president so chose to exert it in working with the Senate and making sure that we are supportive of the president 's policies and making sure too that our president understands what our strengths are .
No !
No , Governor , the Constitution does not allow " a bit more authority " " if the vice president so chose to exert it in working with the Senate ... "
You would not be some kind of Senatorial Hall Monitor .
You would not be a Veto , or a Censor , or a Balance .
And even if you think you would somehow obtain those powers from somebody , do n't pretend the Constitution will give them to you !
Palin :
That thankfully , our founders were wise enough to say , we have this position and it's Constitutional .
Vice presidents will be able to be not only the position flexible , but it 's going to be sort of those other duties as assigned by the president .
It 's a simple thing .
I do n't think that was a gaff at all in stating what the truth is .
And that is we 've got flexibility in the position .
The president will be directing in a lot of respects what the vice president does .
The vice president , of course , is not a member -- or a part of the legislative branch , except to oversee the Senate .
That alone provides a tremendous amount of flexibility and authority if that vice president so chose to use it .
You 're ... wrong !
You 've memorized everything else , Governor ...
You could n't memorize the job description in three months ?
Four tries ?
I mean , I 'd like my President and Vice President to have memorized the Constitution , and abide by it ...
Or at least , I 'd like them to know more about the Constitution than I do .
Or than Brandon Garcia does .
Maybe I 'm raising the bar too high ...
But at least wait until you achieve office before trying to seize power extra-Constitutionally !
" The founders " were not George Bush and Dick Cheney !
Gimme something to work with here , Governor ... or go home !
And do n't forget to take your lovely parting gifts with you .
Including the Home Version of The Vice President Game .
Photo : Patrick McMullan
Stephon Marbury watched the final presidential debate in the common room of a homeless shelter on the Bowery with a bunch of guys he met at Two Boots pizza .
He kept his eyes on the tiny TV , laughing and scoffing along with the residents as McCain spoke — Marbury does a pretty good imitation of the senator — and smiling when it was Obama ’s turn .
“ Look at Obama , ” Marbury said , pointing at the screen .
“ You feel him .
We feel him .
You can feel his spirit when he speaks . ”
At one point , when the debate turned to the economy , Marbury snorted .
“ Middle class ?
We do n’t have a middle class anymore . ”
As the millionaire said those words , the homeless agreed .
“ I love Starbury , ” an excited resident said , referring to Marbury ’s affordable sneaker and clothing line .
“ I can get hot shoes for like $ 30 .
Jordan wants me to pay $ 100 . ”
Others gave him career advice .
“ Hey , you know , I see you doing good in the sixth - man role , ” one resident offered .
“ It ’s just a game , ” Marbury answered , pointing at the screen .
“ There ’s more to life . ”
Have good intel ?
Send tips to intel@nymag.com .
Barack Obama supporters
By Malik Miah
October 8 , 2008 --
The deepening financial calamity exposes how the “ fundamentals ” of the economy impact on working people , particularly African Americans .
The so - called unfettered free market system has been a failure .
The issue of the economy has given the presidential campaign of Barack Obama , the first Black candidate for a major party , a big boost .
After eight years of Bush - Cheney , Obama should be a shoo - in .
Democrats are expected to garner big majorities in the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Yet , as television pundits and print commentators have noted , Obama is in a close race with the Republican John McCain because of one reason : the colour of his skin .
While there are some differences on domestic and foreign policy , both men would forcefully defend the interests of the ruling class .
Obama has repeatedly gone out of his way to state his willingness to use pre-emptive military force in Pakistan or against Iran , as well as increasing the number of US troops in Afghanistan .
The race factor
Because the impact of the economic crisis and the presidential elections are so tied together , it is difficult to separate the two for African Americans .
The blows to the economy are not new ; the chance to have a Black person elected as president is .
No African - American leader thought this was possible or realistic even a year ago .
The race factor , or racism to be more precise , shows the contradictions of US society .
The careful tone of Obama ’s Black supporters and his coolness under fire has a lot to do with the racist history of the country and how he and others have responded to charges of “ elitism ” .
Blacks are very familiar with code words being used to put down or be condescending to Black men and women .
The constant charge of “ inexperience ” by Republicans , for example , is the latest of a long history of racial code words against capable Black men .
( Obama is as experienced as Abraham Lincoln , who was also a senator from Illinois , when he was elected president and then led the US Civil War . )
The economy
The economy of course is a huge issue for African Americans .
Not surprisingly there is general anger about the US $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout .
No such bailout occurred for the victims of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans or for the permanently unemployed and underemployed in the Black community .
Most Black congressional representatives initially voted against the bailout .
They changed their minds only after Barack Obama said it was necessary to vote “ yes ” for political reasons .
He “ promised ” a future bailout of the “ middle class ” after he wins the presidency .
In September the official unemployment rate for African Americans was 11.4 per cent ; for the general population it was 6.1 per cent ; and for whites it was 5.4 per cent .
In addition , some 6.1 million part - time workers want to work full time .
Blacks are a big part of that group .
The rising healthcare costs hit African Americans hardest as many work in jobs with employers who do n’t provide health insurance .
The need for universal health care is obvious .
As bad as the financial calamity is for average working Americans , it is qualitatively worse for Blacks .
African Americans nevertheless see the economic crisis and the presidential election as connected .
The possibility of the first Black president is inspiring and hopeful .
Voting for Barack Obama is viewed as more than just voting for “ Black pride ” but as a possible firewall to limit the worse blows of the financial crisis .
The Republicans understand this too , which is why the first African - American presidential candidate for a major party is attacked on “ cultural values ” and his ``character '' — which as McCain and Palin 's handlers fully understand means his skin colour — to mobilise the votes of bigots and those not fully conscious of their biased attitudes .
The racist campaign against Obama is barely hidden .
The code words and phrases of “ he ’s does n’t look like one of us ” , the emphasising of his middle name “ Hussein ” and accusations of “ palling around with terrorists ” are aimed at getting white voters to vote on “ fear of the Black man ” over economic self - interest .
( Bush in 2004 linked Democrats to being soft on “ terrorism ” ; Obama has a double whammy — a friend of terrorists [ maybe a sleeper ] and being an “ alien ” to blue - collar Americans . )
` Racism without racists '
A revealing survey was conducted by Stanford University with the Associated Press and Yahoo! in September .
It showed that Obama would be at least 6 percentage points higher in every poll if he were white .
What is known as the “ Bradley effect ” ( referring to the African - American Democratic candidate , Tom Bradley , for governor of California in 1982 who lost even though he was up by more than 10 points in many polls ) is why few assume that the economic crisis and other indicators assure that Barack Obama will win the November 4 election .
The steelworkers ’ union in Pennsylvania is going door to door in working class neighbourhoods to win support for Obama .
They ’ve heard comments from white co-workers about not voting for “ that boy ” , some saying outright they will never vote for a Black man — and these statements are only from those who are open about stating their views .
These are workers who have lost their jobs or and are angry about the Wall Street bailout .
Phillip Goff , a social psychologist at UCLA who focuses his research on “ racism without racists ” , notes , “ When we fixate on the racist individuals , we ’ve focused on the least interesting way that race works .
Most of the way race functions is without the need for racial animus . ”
In other words , he explains , the problem is those whites and others who believe in racial equality and have no objection to electing a Black person as president , yet who discriminate unconsciously .
This is particularly true for older Americans .
The younger generations who grew up after the victory of the civil rights movements in the 1960s tend to be less concerned about race and voting for a Black president .
The economy is causing a majority of whites and other ethnic groups to put their own self - interests over their anti-Black biases .
I believe if that were n't true , the race factor of 6 per cent would be larger and polls would not show that more and more white men are willing to say that they will vote for Obama for his economic positions even if they do n’t see him as “ Joe six - pack ” .
Can this new trend negate the Bradley / race factor ?
The fact that Obama won the nomination when a similar smear campaign was launched by the Clintons shows how the depth of racism among whites in 2008 is much weaker than it was in 1982 .
Blatant bigotry
This is not to minimise the virulence of the hardcore racist minority .
The extreme ultra-evangelist leaders of the Republican Party will play the race card as Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , the vice - presidential nominee and the attack dog on the issue , continues to do in public .
She whips up the “ base ” that leads to shouts of “ kill him ” and “ he ’s a terrorist ” .
The crowd at one Florida event even began shouting epithets at an African - American member of a TV crew .
It shows the logic of racism among a mob - like crowd .
In Macomb County , Michigan , a mostly white working - class area , pro-McCain ads have used images of the former disgraced mayor of Detroit , Kwame Kilpatrick , and Obama ’s former minister , the Reverend Jeremiah Wright , to turn them against Obama .
Ads claiming Obama is a “ Muslim ” are also being circulated .
Right - wing talk show hosts regularly refer to Obama as “ a communist , socialist and terrorist ” and that “ he ’s not one of us ” ( meaning the infamous “ blue - collar white worker ” that Hillary Clinton more discreetly talked about during the Democratic primaries . )
Left analysis missing context
Many independents , socialists and opponents of lesser evilism who back Ralph Nader or Cynthia McKinney may say it does n’t matter if Obama wins or loses because he is the head of a major ruling party .
What ’s missing in this analysis is the context .
The vast majority of African Americans who know and experience racism do care about the outcome .
They see the virulent racism directed at Obama as being directed at them .
In that sense a vote for Obama is a vote against the pure , subtle and not - so - subtle racism of the right .
The principle here is to show unconditional opposition to race baiting and hate mongering .
That ’s why in many ways the vote on November 4 is a referendum on race relations .
Consider one point : if Obama is leading every major poll by 6 - 10 points , as he was on October 8 , yet loses even as the Democratic Party makes big gains in congress , the impact and angry reaction could be huge in the African - American community .
While I believe that the changes since the victory of the civil rights revolution for Blacks is shown by the facts , a racist defeat of Obama could set back those gains — and open the door to encourage the bigots to push back on other programs that benefit minorities and women .
Progress on race relations could be set back , especially for the Black middle class .
Obama has gone out of his way to remain cool under these attacks and not appear as the angry Black man that many whites fear .
Few illusions about future
African Americans are quite aware of the racial contradictions of US society and history .
That ’s why they see the current economic crisis and the presidential election tied together at least until the election is over .
They recognise that voting for Obama is not a solution to the lack of jobs and opportunities .
But from a nationalist ( or racial pride and community solidarity ) point of view , Obama ’s victory would be seen as a confirmation of the civil rights progress since adoption of the civil rights laws in the 1960s .
No one from the civil rights era of Martin Luther King Jr. truly and genuinely believed that a Black man could be elected president of the United States in their lifetimes .
That ’s why most initially backed Hillary Clinton in the primaries , until Obama 's broad appeal emerged early in the Democratic primaries .
The deepening economic calamity is causing more Blacks to lose their homes , be evicted from their apartments and lose their jobs .
And while the Black community leadership has no plan of action to help the population , the hope is that the first Black president in 232 years of the United States will put programs in place that are fairer .
There are few illusions but a great deal of hope — and pride .
What a week to be away from my Wii !
Today 's lineup of WiiWare and Virtual Console downloadable titles is probably the Best Week Ever .
Our long national nightmare is over : Secret of Mana , the classic Super NES title , is finally available on these shores .
Secret of Mana is basically my favorite SNES game ever , and you owe it to yourself and your country to play it .
But there 's more !
World of Goo , a wonderful original title that I played quite a bit of last year when I was judging the Independent Games Festival , is out on WiiWare today .
Yes , it 's 1500 points or $ 15 , but I 'm almost positive it's well worth it ( I have n't played the Wii version yet ) .
The hits keep on coming with Art Style : Cubello , another game in Nintendo 's series of first - party WiiWare games .
Interestingly , from all appearances , this is n't a remake of a Bit Generations title , meaning that the Art Style collection will be a mix of old and new ideas .
Anyone who 's actually played it is welcome to chime in with impressions .
And if you like crap , there 's Street Fighter II Special Champion Edition for Genesis to round the week out .
To be fair , this is an excellent position for the Genesis game – it's a good idea to release it , as there are probably many people out there with fond memories of this specific version of the game .
But it could n't have carried a week 's worth of releases by itself .
Image courtesy Nintendo
Judge Peter Fox QC told her : " You have been a very unhappy lady for a very considerable period of time when this 14 - year - old boy seduced you and not you him both so far as sexual matters and as far as drugs are concerned . "
Part of your success as a blogger is tied to monthly page views .
It can be tough to keep an audience engaged and draw new blog visitors regularly .
Fortunately , having a presence on social media can help you to promote your blog and spread awareness .
Instagram is one of the best platforms because it ’s well - suited to sharing your blog graphics and photos .
Besides , Instagram is one of the most widely - used social media sites around .
It ’s essential to learn how to use it effectively to get the most from your efforts .
Read on to learn how you can significantly increase your blog traffic on Instagram .
1. Write a Quality Profile
There are lots of ways to gain followers , and there are many sites that give you the ability to buy high - quality Instagram likes .
It all starts with generating a quality , optimized profile .
When people find your content , they ’ll want to learn about you .
It makes sense that they ’ll first turn to your profile to read all about what you have to offer .
Show your personality , and be sure to emphasize your most important talking points .
Most importantly , direct new users to a relevant link on your blog .
Instagram allows you to add a link to your profile , so you need to make it count .
You can list your homepage URL , but sometimes another page is better .
Maybe you want folks to be sent to your mailing list offer or your landing page .
The decision is yours .
Just be sure you know where you ’re sending visitors and the reason for that decision .
You should also add a brief call to action , inviting followers to visit your blog , sign up for a free gift , grab a promotion code or other offer .
You can , and should , change the link as needed .
Switch it out to direct to new blog posts or your latest giveaway .
2. Use Instagram Stories
Instagram Stories is a fun way to weave together multiple posts and images to create a mini-slide show .
This multiple - post format is perfect for promoting your blog .
There are a lot of creative ways you can use Stories to share your blog content and other relevant information with your followers .
Not only can you post an image , but a video is also supported , along with an option to go live .
In addition to your profile , you can also add a link to Instagram Stories if you ’re a business account holder with more than 10,000 Instagram followers .
Users can swipe up to reveal the corresponding link , making it quick and convenient for users to hop on over to check out your latest post once they get a taste of it through your story .
There are also cool filters , stickers , polls , and other features you can add to inject some added personality into your Story .
3. Create Instagram Stories Highlights
Unfortunately , Stories are only temporary .
They only last for 24 hours .
This allows you to keep your followers interested by refreshing and revolving your content in new ways .
However , you can pin your most valuable and informative Stories to the top of your feed as a way for new followers to learn all about you , your blog , and your brand .
You can do this through an Instagram feature known as Instagram Stories Highlights .
This allows you to use your Stories even after they ’ve disappeared .
The Highlights tabs you create will show up right underneath your profile , so they ’re easy to find .
You can name and arrange them however you want , as well as add a custom look to each tab to match your blog branding .
You decide on which Stories content to add to each one .
You can use these Highlights as an About Me or feature your most popular blog posts .
You can break it down into categories like Travel , Fashion , and Makeup .
It ’s also a way to give a sneak peek for a fun project you may have in the works .
Use your imagination and show off your personality .
4. Get Others Involved
Your blog may be your baby , but you want to talk about more than yourself and your interests in your Instagram posts .
You can find several ways to reference others in your posts and include their usernames to give them recognition .
For instance , if you share several fashion brands in a roundup post on your blog , include their Instagram handles when you share it on the platform .
They may be excited about the mention , and their genuine Instagram followers may just be intrigued enough to check out what you have to offer on the blog .
You might also team up with other bloggers or influencers as a means of reaching each other ’s following and attracting new readers .
There are tons of ways you can collaborate that are mutually beneficial .
Many influencers Instagram Live together , for example .
You get fresh new content and further reach this way .
Give shout outs to particularly exciting content you find on Instagram .
Make sure it ’s relevant to your brand and that your words are genuine , and most people will be thrilled for the recognition .
Instagram and blogging are a perfect match .
The platform offers an array of opportunities for promotion that is n’t spammy .
It ’s a great venue to make new connections and drive traffic .
Give these tips a try , and you ’re sure to see your page views increase .
You ’ll soon have a bunch of new and loyal readers .
Right now on johnmccain.com they have a new ad called " The One " featured that mocks Obama as a type of messiah :
I decided to see if there are any references on McCain 's site to himself as " the one " , and lo and behold there 's one page , but it 's been deleted .
Google has the cache though :
( This is Google 's cache of https://www.johnmccain.com/informing/news/NewsReleases/b750d9be-66e3-4b73-85f1-06dc3f6fe55b.htm.
It is a snapshot of the page as it appeared on 28 Jun 2008 06:58:17 GMT .
The current page could have changed in the meantime .
Learn more »)
John McCain's Experience Sets Him Apart In The Presidential Field
John McCain : " The difference between me and Mayor Giuliani and Governor Romney [ is that ]
I fought against the failed Rumsfeld - Casey strategy and advocated for the policy that is succeeding .
I 'm the one that did that .
I 'm the only one .
And I said it in the summer of 2003 , and I said it and I predicted that that strategy would fail because it was a terribly flawed strategy and I advocated the one that is succeeding now .
That 's based [ on my ] military experience from service for many years on the Armed Services Committee as well as in the military . "
( WKXL Concord , 9/4/07 )
Here 's a screenshot of the page as well : Personally I do n't see what the big deal is with calling yourself ' the one that ' did something or other , but it looks like they 've decided it would be a good idea to remove it from the site .
Design
Trend Alert : Top Holographic Design Templates & Inspiration
Turn your projects into mesmerizing masterpieces with our pick of the best holographic design templates .
Small is Beautiful
Look Ma! No OS !
by Cees de Groot
September 26 , 2008
Summary
SqueakNOS is an old idea that has gotten the kiss of life again .
You want fast , simple , and OO ?
Check it out .
Advertisement
Years ago , the SqueakNOS - Squeak No Operating System - was started .
Squeak , as you may know , is a Smalltalk system built by the godfather of OO and his consorts - Alan Kay and his friends from Xerox PARC that invented the computer as we know it , including the most prevalent programming model , Object Orientation .
SqueakNOS was an attempt to remove the OS underneath Squeak .
First and foremost , I think , just because it was possible and cool - but also because having a system that really does n't have an OS , just objects all the way down , sounds like an extremely interesting proposition .
If you do n't agree with me - I 'm typing this on a laptop that has a dual core processor , a SATA - 300 disk , and 4 gigs of memory .
So why , please tell me , is it slow and is the cursor changing into an hour glass all the time ?
Your answer could be " because you run Windows XP " , but I do n't feel that the major alternative , Linux , has that much more to offer .
Apart from a much worse user experience if you like to dock and undock your laptop all the time , switching between two external monitors and the internal one .
But I 'm digressing - this is not about OS wars , this is about No OS ...
SqueakNOS got a new boost last May , and the current version ( distributed as a VMware image ) really is something : it boots in a couple of seconds , has networking support , a fully loaded Squeak image , and all that with 99.9 % Smalltalk and - according to the developers - just some 1400 lines of C code and 60 lines of assembly powering it all .
Think about it - you like OO development , you love the interactivity of Smalltalk ( if you do n't know it , what are you doing reading this post ?
Go off - learn it !
It 's worth it ) , and now , all of a sudden , you can write device drivers in that language .
You can write an end user app that has direct access to the TCP stack ( or , for that matter , to the network card ) .
You decide where you want to tread , not the OS ...
Bad idea ?
I do n't think so .
OSes have become more and more bloated over time .
Take the KLOC of the Linux kernel over time as a case in point ( the source used to fit on a floppy drive ... ) .
Part of the increase is due to better hardware support , but a large amount is just management stuff - bean counting , interfering with what you really want to do , limiting your options because otherwise you could do a lot of harm ( or good ) , and in the meantime eating most of the budget .
Just like real - world management , in essence .
What if your computer was a single object system all the way down , where you - the software developer - could decide what to interface with and what not ?
No management , all the CPU power for * you* , and if you do n't like the TCP implementation , fire up the refactoring browser and change it while the system is running .
I hope that thought is intruiging to you - if so , run to the SqueakNOS download site and grab the VMware image .
I promise you , you 'll have fun !.
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 13 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Cees de Groot adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Cees de Groot is currently working as team lead for eBay on one of the worlds largest classified sites .
Cees brings 20 years of experience in a variety of industries , languages and positions .
He was one of the earliest - adopters of Java , equally vocal and present in the Jini and Smalltalk communities , and has decided a long time ago that he 's too lazy to understand complex systems .
Therefore , he sticks to simple stuff resulting in a bookshelf full of works on agile development and no-nonsense OO techniques .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Cees de Groot .
All rights reserved .
The C++ Source
Enforcing Code Feature Requirements in C++
by Scott Meyers
September 23 , 2008
Advertisement
Built - in Type Safety ?
Summary Functions often depend on particular behavioral characteristics ( “ features ” ) of code they invoke .
For example , thread - safe code must invoke only thread - safe code if it is to remain thread - safe , and exception - safe code must invoke only exception - safe code .
This paper describes a technique that enables the specification of arbitrary combinations of user - defined code features on a per-function basis and that detects violations of feature constraints during compilation .
The technique applies to member functions ( both nonvirtual and virtual ) , non-member functions , and function templates ; operators are excluded .
Functions often depend on particular behavioral characteristics ( “ features ” ) of code they invoke .
For example , thread - safe code must invoke only thread - safe code if it is to remain thread - safe , and exception - safe code must invoke only exception - safe code .
This paper describes a technique that enables the specification of arbitrary combinations of user - defined code features on a per-function basis and that detects violations of feature constraints during compilation .
The technique applies to member functions ( both nonvirtual and virtual ) , non-member functions , and function templates ; operators are excluded .
Introduction
When inside a const member function in C++ , calls to other member functions on the same object may be made only if those functions are also const .
The sole exception to this is when a cast is employed at the call site , i.e. , when the const ness of * this is cast away .
We can view the const ness of const member functions as a code feature , and we can view the rule that prohibits const member functions from calling non- const member functions as a constraint .
Constraints prevent code dependent on a feature from invoking code lacking that feature .
The constraint involving const is enforced by C++ compilers , but it is easy to imagine useful code features that are not automatically checked :
Thread - safe code should be allowed to call only other thread - safe code .
Otherwise the result would not be guaranteed to be thread - safe .
code should be allowed to call only other thread - safe code .
Otherwise the result would not be guaranteed to be thread - safe .
Exception - safe code should be allowed to call only other exception - safe code .
Otherwise the result would not be guaranteed to be exception - safe .
code should be allowed to call only other exception - safe code .
Otherwise the result would not be guaranteed to be exception - safe .
Portable code should be allowed to call only other portable code .
Otherwise the code base would not be guaranteed to be portable .
It would be convenient to be able to specify arbitrary code features and have the resulting constraints verified during compilation .
This paper describes how that can be achieved in C ++.
C++'s enforcement of the constraint on const member functions actually has nothing to do with functions .
const functions are simply member functions where the implicit * this object is declared const .
What C++ compilers enforce is the rule prohibiting implicit conversion from const T* ( pointer to const object ) to T* ( pointer to non-const object ) .
const member functions are based on the const ness of objects , not functions .
Nevertheless , their behavior provides a motivation for the development of a way to specify and enforce arbitrary user - defined code feature constraints .
Creating code features
Code features can be created by defining empty “ tag ” structs , analogous to the structs used in the standard C++ library to represent STL iterator categories .
17 Structs representing features are known as feature classes , analogous to the term traits classes for structs representing traits .
9,17
Here are some example feature classes :
struct ThreadSafe {} ; struct ExceptionSafe {} ; struct Portable {} ;
Like those for STL iterator categories , these structs serve only as identifiers .
They have no semantics .
The meaning of “ ThreadSafe ” and “ Portable ” ( as well as the enforcement of those meanings , i.e. , ensuring that the behavior of a function 's code is consistent with the features it claims to offer ) is entirely up to programmers .
Combinations of features can be represented by compile - time collections of feature classes , i.e. , collections of types .
Such collections are easy to create using the MPL library 1,10 for template metaprogramming available at Boost .
7
The MPL ( “ Metaprogramming Library ” ) offers STL - like containers , iterators , and algorithms for working with compile - time information , including types .
Code to create a compile - time vector - like container named TESafe that holds the types ThreadSafe and ExceptionSafe , for example , looks like this :
typedef boost::mpl::vector<ThreadSafe , ExceptionSafe > TESafe ;
In principle , the proper container for code features is a set , because it makes no sense for a function to offer a feature more than once .
The MPL includes a set container , but in Boost version 1.34 ( the release current at the time this research was performed ) , bugs in mpl:: set 's implementation rendered it unusable for this project .
The implementation shown here relies on mpl:: vector s instead .
C++ macros can be used to offer clients an easy way to create both feature classes and an MPL container holding all such classes ; the “ _n ” suffix on each macro name indicates how many features are in the universal set .
For example ,
CREATE_CODE_FEATURES_4( ThreadSafe , ExceptionSafe , Portable , Reviewed ) ;
defines the feature classes ThreadSafe , ExceptionSafe , Portable , and Reviewed , and it also defines an MPL container , AllCodeFeatures , containing each of these types .
Feature constraints and nonvirtual functions
Nonvirtual functions ( including non-member functions ) document the features they offer through a parameter of type MakeFeatures < FeatureContainer > : : type .
MakeFeatures is a struct template that acts as a metafunction : a function that executes during compilation .
Its result — a type — is accessed via the nested type typedef .
MakeFeatures < FeatureContainer >:: type thus refers to the type computed by MakeFeatures given an MPL container of types .
This type , which we will examine in detail later , corresponds to a set of code features , so we will refer to it as a feature set type and to objects of such types as feature sets .
By convention , functions put their feature set parameter at the end of their parameter list .
A function f taking parameters of type int and double and offering the ThreadSafe and ExceptionSafe features ( i.e. , the features in the container TESafe ) would be defined this way :
void f( int x , double y , MakeFeatures < TESafe >:: type features ) { ... // normal function body }
The feature set parameter serves an unconventional role , because it 's not used at runtime .
During compilation , however , it specifies the features that f supports and it participates in ensuring that calls to f requiring unsupported features are rejected .
When invoking a function taking a feature set parameter , the calling function passes an object corresponding to the features it requires .
Often , this is the same object it has in its parameter list .
For example , consider the following function g , which offers a larger set of code features than f ,
typedef boost::mpl::vector<ThreadSafe , ExceptionSafe , Portable > TEPSafe ; void g( MakeFeatures < TEPSafe >:: type features ) ; // g offers / requires thread - safe , // exception - safe , and portable code
and a call from f to g :
void f( int x , double y , MakeFeatures < TESafe >:: type features ) { ... g( features ) ; // fine , g offers the features f needs ... }
The reverse call — from g to f — will not compile , because g requires the Portable code feature , but f does not offer it :
void g( MakeFeatures < TEPSafe >:: type features ) { int xVal , yVal ; ... f( xVal , yVal , features ) ; // error !
f does n't offer the Portable feature ... }
The compilation failure is due to the lack of a conversion from MakeFeatures < TEPSafe > :: type to MakeFeatures < TESafe > :: type , a problem different compilers report in different ways — some more comprehensible than others .
Figures 1 and 2 show the results of submitting the above code to g++ 4.1.1 and Visual C++ 9 , respectively .
Neither diagnostic is a paragon of clarity , but both identify type conversion as the fundamental problem .
articlecode.cpp :
In function ' void g( CodeFeatures : : Features < boost::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: Portable , boost ::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: ExceptionSafe , boost ::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: ThreadSafe , boost::mpl::vector0<mpl_::na > , 0 > , 0 > , 0 > > ) ' : articlecode.cpp:32 : error : conversion from ' CodeFeatures : : Features < boost::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: Portable , boost ::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: ExceptionSafe , boost ::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: ThreadSafe , boost::mpl::vector0<mpl_::na > , 0 > , 0 > , 0 > >' to non-scalar type ' CodeFeatures : : Features < boost::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: ExceptionSafe , boost ::mpl::v_item< CodeFeatures :: ThreadSafe , boost::mpl::vector0<mpl_::na > , 0 <, 0 > >' requested
Figure 1 : Diagnostic from g++ for a violated code feature constraint .
articlecode.cpp( 32 ) : error C2664 : 'f ' : cannot convert parameter 3 from ' CodeFeatures : : Features < S > ' to ' CodeFeatures : : Features < S > ' with [ S=boost::mpl::vector3<CodeFeatures :: ThreadSafe , CodeFeatures :: ExceptionSafe , CodeFeatures :: Portable > ] and [ S=boost::mpl::vector2<CodeFeatures :: ThreadSafe , CodeFeatures :: ExceptionSafe > ]
No user - defined - conversion operator available that can perform this conversion , or the operator cannot be called
Figure 2 : Diagnostic from Visual C++ for a violated code feature constraint .
Functions lacking MakeFeatures parameters can call functions that have them by creating the appropriate object prior to or at the point of the call :
void h( ) // h has no feature set parameter { typedef mpl::container <...>
NeededFeatures ; // define features needed by h int xVal , yVal ; ... f( xVal , yVal , MakeFeatures < NeededFeatures >::type( ) ) ; // create anonymous feature set ... // object ; call to f succeeds if all // features in NeededFeatures } // are in TESafe
Relaxing feature constraints
Callers will occasionally wish to explicitly relax constraints for a call .
For example , a thread - safe function may wish to call another function not guaranteed to be thread - safe , because the call is made in a context where the thread - safety of the called function is not of concern ( e.g. , while holding a lock on all data accessed by the called function ) .
There are two ways to relax feature constraints for a call .
The easiest is to pass an object of type IgnoreFeatures as the feature set object .
That causes all feature constraints to be ignored , i.e. , to treat the call as if the calling function had no feature requirements :
void g( MakeFeatures < TEPSafe >:: type features ) // as before { int xVal , yVal ; ... f( xVal , yVal , IgnoreFeatures ( ) ) ; // fine , g's feature requirements are ... // ignored }
IgnoreFeatures itself is simply a typedef for a feature set type created from an empty container of features :
typedef MakeFeatures < mpl::vector<> >:: type IgnoreFeatures ;
The second way to relax feature constraints for a call is to create a new feature container with fewer features than the calling function usually requires .
This is generally accomplished by erasing features from the function 's MakeFeatures parameter and naming the result .
The MPL supports only functional constructs , so there is no way to modify the contents of an MPL container after the container has been created .
Erasing a type from an MPL container yields a new container ; the original is unchanged .
To eliminate only the Portable requirement in the call from g to f , the following code can be used :
void g( MakeFeatures < TEPSafe >:: type features ) // as before { ... typedef eraseVal < TEPSafe , Portable >:: type // remove Portable from RevisedFeatures ; // TEPSafe and name the // result “ RevisedFeatures ” f( xVal , yVal , MakeFeatures < RevisedFeatures >::type ( ) ) ; // call f with RevisedFeatures ... }
The MPL has no eraseVal metafunction , but it 's easy to write , based on other MPL and Boost functionality :
template < typename Seq , typename T> // code explanation is below struct eraseVal : mpl::copy_if<Seq , mpl::not_<boost::is_same<_1,T> > > {} ;
Conceptually , this code says “ eraseVal takes a type sequence Seq ( e.g. , an mpl:: vector ) and a type T , and it creates a new sequence by copying every type in Seq that is not the same as T . ”
Details on the syntax and semantics of the MPL are beyond the scope of this paper ; interested readers are encouraged to consult the MPL documentation .
1,10
Enforcing feature set constraints
Compile - time enforcement of feature requirements is based on the observation that in a call from a function requiring features to a function offering features , there are two feature set objects : the caller 's ( the argument passed ) and the callee 's ( the formal parameter ) .
The type of the caller 's object is MakeFeatures < NeededFeatures > :: type , while the type of the callee 's is MakeFeatures < OfferedFeatures > :: type .
If these are the same type , the type needed and the type offered are identical , and the call succeeds .
If they are not the same type , the call should succeed only if all the types in NeededFeatures are present in OfferedFeatures .
But if MakeFeatures < NeededFeatures >:: type ( i.e. , T needed ) and MakeFeatures < OfferedFeatures >:: type ( T offered ) are different types , C++ specifies that the call is valid only if there is an implicit conversion from T needed to T offered .
The challenge is to design things so that only the appropriate conversions are available .
A complicating factor is that functions may be overloaded on their feature set types .
Consider two declarations for an overloaded function g :
typedef boost::mpl::vector<ThreadSafe , ExceptionSafe > TESafe ; // as before typedef boost::mpl::vector<ThreadSafe , ExceptionSafe , Portable > TEPSafe ; // as before void g( parameters , MakeFeatures < TESafe >:: type ) ; // call this function g TE void g( parameters , MakeFeatures < TEPSafe >:: type ) ; // call this function g TEP
Consider also a function f1 that requires only portability and that calls g :
typedef boost ::mpl::vector<Portable >
PSafe ; void f1 ( parameters , MakeFeatures < PSafe >:: type features ) { ... g( parameters , features ) ; ... }
This should unambiguously call g TEP ( the version of g whose feature set is based on TEPSafe ) , i.e. , that includes the Portable feature .
In general , there should be an implicit conversion from T needed to T offered if and only if all the features used to build T needed are also present in T offered .
Consider now a function f2 that requires only thread safety and that calls g :
typedef boost::mpl::vector<ThreadSafe>
TSafe ; void f2 ( parameters , MakeFeatures < TSafe >:: type features ) { ... g( parameters , features ) ; ... }
Both versions of g satisfy f2 's requirements , so it would seem that the call is ambiguous .
However , g TEP offers more unnecessary features than g TE , and the ambiguity would be avoided if we preferred fewer unnecessary features to more .
If we assume that offering code features ( i.e. , imposing constraints on function implementers ) may incur a runtime cost , it seems desirable to avoid imposing such costs on callers when we do not have to .
The policy , therefore , is to prefer conversions among feature set types that add as few unnecessary features as possible .
This policy dictates that in the call from f2 to g above , g TE should be unambiguously selected as the target function .
Conversions among feature set types should thus obey these two rules :
T needed converts to T offered only if T offered has all the features in T needed .
converts to only if has all the features in .
If T needed can be converted to more than one T offered , conversions adding fewer features are preferred to those adding more .
If conversions exist to more than one T offered with the same number of features , the conversion is ambiguous .
The behavior dictated by these rules can be achieved by use of an inheritance hierarchy , where each class in the hierarchy is a feature set type .
Figure 3 : Inheritance hierarchy for feature sets comprised of features A , B , C , and D . All inheritance links are virtual .
Highlighted parts of the figure are those needed for the feature set { B , C} .
Figure 3 shows the hierarchy for combinations of up to four features , where the features are named A , B , C , and D .
The structure of the hierarchy makes clear that implicit conversions may only add features ( i.e. , no conversion exists if a caller requests more features than a callee offers ) and that conversions adding fewer features are preferred over conversions adding more .
To prevent ambiguity when more than one inheritance path leads from the source to the target of an allowed conversion , all inheritance links are virtual .
This makes it possible , for example , for a caller requiring only feature B to unambiguously invoke a callee offering features A , B , and C , even though there is more than one inheritance path from the class for { B} to the class for { A , B , C} .
The central difficulty in compile - time feature constraint enforcement is implementing the MakeFeatures template such that a suitable inheritance hierarchy is automatically generated and that MakeFeatures < Features > :: type is the appropriate class in that hierarchy .
In general , a hierarchy such as shown in Figure 3 need not be generated in full .
Rather , only the part of the hierarchy corresponding to Features and its supersets need be created .
Figure 3 highlights the portion of the hierarchy that must be generated to support the conversions applicable to the feature set { B , C} .
The implementation , which is heavily based on code posted by Watanabe , 21 is shown in Listings 1 and 2 .
Readers unfamiliar with the MPL are again encouraged to consult the library 's documentation for details on its syntax and semantics .
What follows is an overview of the implementation , the goal being to convey the essence of the approach employed .
1 namespace CodeFeatures { 2 namespace mpl = boost : : mpl ; 3 using mpl::_1 ; 4 using mpl::_2 ; 5 template < typename S , typename T> 6 struct IndexOf : 7 mpl:: distance < typename mpl::begin<S >:: type , 8 typename mpl::find<S , T >:: type > 9 {} ; 10 template < typename Unordered > 11 struct Order : 12 mpl::sort < Unordered , 13 mpl::less<IndexOf<AllCodeFeatures , _1 > , 14 IndexOf < AllCodeFeatures , _ 2 > > > 15 {} ; 16 template < typename CF > 17 struct MakeFeatures { 18 typedef 19 Features < typename mpl::copy < typename
Order<CF >:: type , 20 mpl::back_inserter<mpl::vector0<> > >:: type > 21 type ; 22 } ; 23 }
Listing 1 : Implementation of MakeFeatures .
The MakeFeatures metafunction itself is defined in lines 16 - 22 of Listing 1 .
Its parameter , CF , is an MPL collection of feature classes .
The MPL supports several types of collections , including vector , list , and set , but parts of the code used to enforce feature constraints are applicable only to vector and deque , so lines 19 - 20 use mpl :: copy to copy the feature classes in CF into a vector .
Prior to the copy , the feature classes are put into a canonical order ( via the call to Order on line 19 ) so that all permutations of feature classes corresponding to the same set of features are represented by a single type in the hierarchy .
( Hence , MakeFeatures < mpl:: vector < A , B> >:: type and MakeFeatures < mpl::vector < B , A > >:: type yield the same type . )
The code to perform the ordering is on lines 10 - 15 and 5 - 9 ( the latter being invoked by the former via the call to mpl : : sort on lines 12 - 14 ) .
1 namespace CodeFeatures { 2 namespace mpl = boost : : mpl ; 3 using mpl::_1 ; 4 using mpl::_2 ; 5 using mpl::_ ; 6 template < typename Base1 , typename Base2 > 7 struct VirtualInherit : virtual Base1 , virtual Base2 {} ; 8 template < typename S> 9 struct MakeFeatures ; 10 template < typename S1 , typename S2 > 11 struct Difference : 12 mpl::remove_if<S1 , mpl::contains <S2 , _ > > 13 {} ; 14 template < typename Present , typename Omitted > 15 struct GetFeaturesBases : 16 mpl::transform <Omitted , MakeFeatures <mpl::push_back < Present , _> > > 17 {} ; 18 template < typename S> 19 struct Features : 20 virtual mpl:: fold < 21 typename GetFeaturesBases <S , 22 typename Difference < AllCodeFeatures , S > :: type 23 >:: type , 24 mpl::empty_base , 25 VirtualInherit<_ , _> 26 >:: type 27 {} ; 28 }
Listing 2 : Implementation of Features .
The type returned by MakeFeatures is an instantiation of the Features template , which is defined on lines 18 - 27 of Listing 2 .
Behaviorally , Features instantiations correspond to the classes in Figure 3 .
Each Features class virtually inherits ( line 20 ) from mpl :: fold <...>:: type , which is a typedef for an instantiation of VirtualInherit , a template defined on lines 6 - 7 .
VirtualInherit itself inherits from two bases , so the local hierarchy around each Features instantiation is as shown in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 : Local inheritance structure of Features instantiations .
MakeFeatures
MakeFeatures
B1
B2
B3
B1
VirtualInherit < B2 , B3 >
As this figure suggests , no class in the hierarchy generated byhas more than two base classes , and that means - generated hierarchies cannot have the structure depicted in Figure 3 .
For type conversion purposes , however , they can act as if they did , because inheriting from three base classes , andis behaviorally the same as inheriting from two base classes :
and
The actual hierarchy generated from the code in Listing 2 for inheritance from B1 , B2 , and B3 is somewhat more complicated than this , but the insight that direct inheritance from an arbitrary number of base classes can be emulated by indirect inheritance from hierarchy of intermediate classes like VirtualInherit is the key to understanding how a hierarchy using no more than two base classes per class can , for purposes of implicit type conversion , behave like a hierarchy where classes have a greater number of bases .
Features < S > is the type in the hierarchy representing the set of feature classes in S .
The hierarchy above it is generated by mpl :: fold , which behaves similarly to the STL accumulate algorithm .
mpl:: fold takes a sequence of types on which to operate ( lines 21 - 23 of Listing 2 ) , an initial state ( mpl : : empty_base on line 24 ) , and a binary operator to apply to the current type and the current state ( VirtualInherit on line 25 ) .
In this case , the result is that mpl : : fold iteratively takes a missing feature mf not in S and adds Features < S+mf > as an ( indirect through VirtualInherit ) base class .
Features < S+mf > then applies mpl:: fold again to create the hierarchy above it , and this proceeds recursively until Features classes for all supersets of the features classes in S have been generated as ( indirect ) bases of Features < S > .
Feature constraints and virtual functions
Virtual functions introduce a new issue , one arising from the C++ rule that virtual function overrides in derived classes must declare the same parameter types as their base class counterparts .
A derived class override may be invoked through a pointer or reference to a base class , so the override must certainly offer the code features promised by the base class function , but there is no reason why a virtual function in a derived class should n't be allowed to offer more features than the corresponding base class function .
Unfortunately , straightforward application of the current design fails to allow that :
class Base { public : typedef mpl::vector < ThreadSafe , Reviewed > BaseFeatures ; virtual void vf ( int x , std:: string& s , MakeFeatures < BaseFeatures >:: type features ) ; ... } ; class Derived : public Base { public : typedef mpl::vector < ThreadSafe , Reviewed , Portable > DerFeatures ; // note revised // def'n compared // to base class virtual void vf ( int x , std:: string& s , MakeFeatures < DerFeatures >:: type features ) ; // does n't override ... // Base :: vf ! } ;
What 's needed is a way for derived classes to satisfy C++'s rule that virtual overrides have the same parameter types as their base class counterparts yet also advertise implementations offering additional code features .
( Interestingly , this problem would vanish if C++ allowed contravariant parameter types , because MakeFeatures < BaseFeatures >:: type ( the base class function 's feature set ) inherits from MakeFeatures < DerFeatures >:: type ( the derived class function 's feature set ) . )
Overloading provides an effective solution to this problem .
The derived class declares two functions with the same name , one using the same feature set type as the base class , the other using the enhanced feature set the derived class wishes to offer .
The implementation of the base class override consists of a simple inline call to the enhanced function .
Class Derived above would thus be implemented like this :
class Derived : public Base { public : typedef mpl::vector < ThreadSafe , Reviewed , Portable > DerFeatures ; // as before virtual void vf ( int x , std:: string& s , // override base MakeFeatures < BaseFeatures >:: type features ) // virtual function { // verify feature contravariance typedef MakeFeatures < BaseFeatures >:: type BaseFeaturesClass ; typedef MakeFeatures < DerFeatures >:: type DerFeaturesClass ; BOOST_MPL_ASSERT(( boost::is_base_of<DerFeaturesClass , BaseFeaturesClass > ) ) ; return vf( x , s , MakeFeatures < DerFeatures > :: type ( ) ) ; // inline call to } // enhanced function virtual void vf ( int x , std:: string& s , // as before MakeFeatures < DerFeatures >:: type features ) ; ... } ;
This design offers callers invoking virtual functions through a base class interface the code features advertised by that interface while also allowing callers aware of the derived interface to take advantage of the additional code features provided by the derived class .
It is thus analogous to C++'s support for covariant return types on virtual functions .
12
Performance
In principle , feature checking incurs no runtime cost , because everything happens during compilation .
Each feature set parameter , however , could lead to a runtime argument being passed from caller to callee , even though the argument would go unused .
Whether this occurs depends on the optimization settings and capabilities of the C++ compiler .
If such objects are not optimized away , Table 1 demonstrates that their size could be significant ( up to many thousands of bytes per feature set ) , an artifact of the use of virtual inheritance14 in the current implementation .
Features in
Feature Set
Object gcc 4.1.1 Visual C++ 9 Comeau 4.3.9 0 64 388 7672 1 32 164 1884 2 16 68 452 3 8 28 108 4 4 12 28 5 4 4 8 Table 1 : sizeof ( feature set ) for different 32 - bit compilers given 5 total features .
C++ template metaprogramming has a reputation for causing significant increases in compilation times , and my experience is that this reputation is not undeserved .
Test programs of a few dozen lines ( excluding header contents ) often took 30 seconds or longer to compile , and experiments with more than 5 total features were abandoned due to excessively long compilation times or , in the case of Visual C++ , aborted compilations due to internal compiler errors .
The implementation described here was designed only as a proof of concept , however ; efficiency was not a concern .
It is reasonable to expect that less costly implementations would be devised were that aspect of the problem to become the focus of attention .
For example , the current implementation passes feature set parameters by value rather than by pointer or reference - to - const , a decision motivated by the desire to avoid adding unnecessary symbols to the already somewhat cumbersome TMP - based syntax .
Open issues
The research described in this paper could be extended in several ways :
Supporting operators .
The technique described here is based on code feature constraint enforcement through a dedicated function parameter .
Such designs are unsuitable for operator functions , because C++ prohibits such functions from taking more than the “ natural ” number of parameters .
Even without this restriction , it 's unclear how it would be possible to integrate the addition of a parameter for call features to the “ normal ” calling syntax for operators .
For example , were it possible to pass more than two parameters to operator + , how would clients do this in an expression such as “ a + b ” without compromising the natural syntax that is the primary motivation for overloading operators ?
Support for feature constraint checking on operators remains an open question .
The technique described here is based on code feature constraint enforcement through a dedicated function parameter .
Such designs are unsuitable for operator functions , because C++ prohibits such functions from taking more than the “ natural ” number of parameters .
Even without this restriction , it 's unclear how it would be possible to integrate the addition of a parameter for call features to the “ normal ” calling syntax for operators .
For example , were it possible to pass more than two parameters to , how would clients do this in an expression such as “ a + b ” without compromising the natural syntax that is the primary motivation for overloading operators ?
Support for feature constraint checking on operators remains an open question .
Specifying code features for groups of functions .
A comment on Sutter 's blog entry 20 raised the question of how to extend the idea of feature constraint checking from individual functions to collections of functions , e.g. , all functions in a class or namespace .
Ideally , such checking would require only that the collection be annotated with the features it offers ; individual functions would need no feature set parameter .
A comment on Sutter 's blog entry raised the question of how to extend the idea of feature constraint checking from individual functions to collections of functions , e.g. , all functions in a class or namespace .
Ideally , such checking would require only that the collection be annotated with the features it offers ; individual functions would need no feature set parameter .
Supporting inheritance among features classes .
In this article , the notion of exception safety was treated as a binary characteristic : a function offers exception safety or it does not .
Exception safety in C++ is typically broken down by degree , ranging from functions that never emit exceptions ( the nothrow guarantee ) to those offering transactional semantics ( the strong guarantee ) to those offering only invariant - preserving semantics ( the basic guarantee ) .
2,16 These guarantees can be modeled by separate code features related by inheritance : struct BasicGuarantee {} ; struct StrongGuarantee : BasicGuarantee {} ; struct NoThrowGuarantee : StrongGuarantee {} ;
It would be interesting to modify code feature constraint checking to offer support for such relationships .
In this article , the notion of exception safety was treated as a binary characteristic : a function offers exception safety or it does not .
Exception safety in C++ is typically broken down by degree , ranging from functions that never emit exceptions ( the nothrow guarantee ) to those offering transactional semantics ( the strong guarantee ) to those offering only invariant - preserving semantics ( the basic guarantee ) .
These guarantees can be modeled by separate code features related by inheritance : Elimination of AllCodeFeatures .
The current design assumes the existence of a container holding all possible feature classes ( i.e. , AllCodeFeatures ) .
A more flexible approach would do away with such a container , thus allowing different groups of developers to independently define their own sets of feature classes that , absent name conflicts , would work seamlessly in combination .
The conventional approach to this problem would be self - registration of feature classes , but conventional self - registration takes place at runtime , and what 's needed in this case is a compile - time approach .
The current design assumes the existence of a container holding all possible feature classes ( i.e. , ) .
A more flexible approach would do away with such a container , thus allowing different groups of developers to independently define their own sets of feature classes that , absent name conflicts , would work seamlessly in combination .
The conventional approach to this problem would be self - registration of feature classes , but conventional self - registration takes place at runtime , and what 's needed in this case is a compile - time approach .
Allowing users to control feature set type conversion policy .
Given a call to a function name that is overloaded on feature set types , the policy followed in this article is to prefer conversions adding fewer unneeded features to those requiring more .
As noted , an alternative would be to decree such calls ambiguous .
( Sutter has shown how to implement this alternative .
20 ) Other policies are certainly plausible .
For example , users could assign different weights to different features , then prefer conversions adding the least unnecessary weight .
It would be interesting to investigate how the feature set type conversion policy could be put under user control — possibly via policy - based design .
3
Given a call to a function name that is overloaded on feature set types , the policy followed in this article is to prefer conversions adding fewer unneeded features to those requiring more .
As noted , an alternative would be to decree such calls ambiguous .
( Sutter has shown how to implement this alternative . )
Other policies are certainly plausible .
For example , users could assign different weights to different features , then prefer conversions adding the least unnecessary weight .
It would be interesting to investigate how the feature set type conversion policy could be put under user control — possibly via policy - based design .
Improving diagnostics .
Compiler diagnostics arising from feature constraint violations ( e.g. , Figures 1 and 2 ) are far from transparent .
Clear , straightforward messages indicating the feature sets requested by the caller and provided by the callee would be a significant improvement .
One approach to this issue would be development of a diagnostic post - processor similar to Zolman 's STLFilt for improving the readability of STL - related diagnostics .
23
Compiler diagnostics arising from feature constraint violations ( e.g. , Figures 1 and 2 ) are far from transparent .
Clear , straightforward messages indicating the feature sets requested by the caller and provided by the callee would be a significant improvement .
One approach to this issue would be development of a diagnostic post - processor similar to Zolman 's STLFilt for improving the readability of STL - related diagnostics .
Improving performance .
As noted above , the proof - of - concept implementation described here may incur nontrivial costs in compilation time and runtime memory usage .
Development of more efficient mechanisms to enforce code constraints would be highly desirable .
Alternatively , it might be worth developing two versions of the constraint - enforcement code , a “ slow ” version with the behavior described here as well as a “ fast ” version consisting of only no - op API stubs with no behavior .
As long as the slow version was used periodically to verify that no code constraint violations existed , the fast version could be used for most compilations .
Related work
I am unaware of other work facilitating the definition and combination of arbitrary code features , but the general issue of imposing restrictions on function invocation has certainly received attention .
Bolten , for example , has described how the use of intermediate classes makes it possible to increase the granularity of friendship in C++,6 and Alexandrescu has demonstrated how C++'s type system can be employed to enable compile - time detection of race conditions in multithreaded systems .
4,5
Also related is Perl 's Taint Mode,19 which tags data from outside sources and restricts the operations that may be performed with it .
In contrast to the static checking underlying the work described in this paper and in the publications by Bolten and Alexandrescu , Perl 's Taint Mode is enforced dynamically .
Summary
This paper describes a mechanism that allows users to define arbitrary sets of code features and to ensure during compilation that invoked functions offer all the code features callers require .
The design takes advantage of C++'s template metaprogramming capabilities as embodied in the Boost MPL library .
It applies to member functions , non-member functions , and function templates , but not to operators .
Acknowledgments
During my work on the research described in this paper as well as the paper itself , I was the beneficiary of assistance from many people .
The members of the Boost Users mailing list provided invaluable help in learning how to apply the MPL ; Steven Watanabe went so far as to contribute the essence of the MakeFeatures implementation .
21 Herb Sutter suggested improvements to my original design that removed restrictions and laid the groundwork for additional refinements that ultimately yielded a fully compile - time - checked design .
20 Andrei Alexandrescu , Eric Niebler , Bartosz Milewski , and Hendrik Schober provided useful comments on earlier versions of this paper , including the exhortation to find a way to eliminate the runtime checking I employed for virtual functions at that time .
Andrei suggested the use of inheritance as the basis of implicit conversions among feature set types , and he also suggested the use of overloading to allow virtual overrides in derived classes to offer more code features than their base class counterparts .
Steve Dewhurst suggested using positions in a master type container as the basis for canonically ordering sequences of feature classes .
Sidebar 1 : Red code , green code , and the design road to TMP
When working with code features and the constraints they lead to , it can be convenient to refer to red code and green code .
Red code lacks the feature (s ) in question , hence is unconstrained : it can call any other functions .
Green code offers the feature (s ) being considered and is constrained to call only other functions that also offer the feature (s ) , i.e. , it requires the feature (s ) in the functions it calls .
When I was initially confronted with the problem of finding a way to keep red code from calling green code without an explicit syntactic indication ( e.g. , a cast ) , template metaprogramming ( TMP ) was not the approach that came to mind .
I thought instead of namespaces .
My idea was that red and green code could be separated into different namespaces , with the green code imported into the red namespace , but not vice versa .
That would allow red code to call green code without adornment , but green code could call red code only with an explicit namespace qualification .
15 For example :
namespace green { void greenFunc( ) ; // callable by anybody , but can call only other code in this namespace } namespace red { using namespace green ; // all green code is available to red code void redFunc ( ) ; // callable only by unconstrained code , but can call anything } void green :: greenFunc ( ) { redFunc( ) ; // error !
Red code not visible in green namespace red::redFunc( ) ; // okay – call explicitly allowed } void red::redFunc ( ) { greenFunc( ) ; // okay }
This approach quickly falls apart .
It does n't work for global functions , because they 're not in a named namespace .
If a green function makes an unqualified call to a red function with an argument whose type comes from the green namespace , C++'s argument - dependent lookup11,22 will cause the function in the red namespace to be found , thus circumventing the constraint checking the namespaces are supposed to provide .
In addition , constraints may occur in arbitrary combinations , but namespaces must nest , and I was unable to envision a way to model arbitrary combinations of constraints using nested namespaces .
My next idea was to try to apply a technique akin to that used by Barton and Nackman to enforce dimensional unit correctness during compilation .
8
Their approach is based on associating information with objects , however , and my need was for a way to associate it with functions , and it was not clear how their approach could be modified to transcend this difference .
The need to control functions got me to thinking about the use of enable_if technology to enable and disable the applicability of functions for particular calls .
13
Unfortunately , there was a semantic mismatch between what I wanted to do and what enable_if is designed to achieve .
My goal was that calls from constrained to unconstrained code should not compile , but when the condition controlling an enable_if - guarded function is unsatisfied , the function is simply removed from the overload set , i.e. , from the set of candidate functions considered for the call .
The call itself might still compile , because overload resolution might succeed with a different function .
An additional problem with enable_if is that it does n't apply to functions , only to function templates .
This makes it unsuitable for virtual functions , because they may not be templatized .
It also leads to the possibility of code bloat , because function templates with different enable_if arguments could , through multiple instantiations , lead to multiple copies of identical object code .
This problem is one I overlooked during my initial design work , and my first implementation of code constraints , 18 though not based on enable_if , did assume that all constrained functions were templates .
Unsatisfied with enable_if 's behavior , I turned my attention to traits as a mechanism for associating constraint information with functions .
Traits are primarily employed to map types to information , but they can associate information with values , too , so I considered using function addresses as such values .
I abandoned this idea , however , in part because it was not clear how to deal with function templates ( which generate multiple functions , hence multiple addresses ) , in part because traits would physically separate the constraints for a function from the function 's declaration (s ) , and a function 's constraints is a key part of its interface .
As such , it 's important that they be documented at or near the point where the function itself is declared .
I then noticed that compile - time dimensional analysis , enable_if , and traits had something in common : they were all based on template metaprogramming .
That led me to ponder whether TMP in general and the MPL in particular could be used to solve the code constraint problem , and that , in conjunction with the observation that iterator categories in the STL are represented by empty classes , was the genesis of the design described in this article .
Share Your Opinion
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , Enforcing Code Feature Requirements in C ++.
About the Author
Scott Meyers , an independent consultant , is the author of Effective C++ , More Effective C++ , and Effective STL ; author and designer of Effective C++ CD ; Consulting Editor for Addison Wesley 's Effective Software Development Series ; and was a founding member of the Advisory Board for The C++ Source .
He has a Ph.D in Computer Science from Brown University .
He can be contacted at smeyers@aristeia.com .
Sidebar 2 : Code feature constraints in the D programming language
by Bartosz Milewski
On the surface , Scott 's code features seem to be tied to their C++ implementation .
It turns out that they can be translated into at least one other programming language .
I took the challenge of implementing them in D , a relatively new general purpose language loosely based on C++ ( for details , see http://www.digitalmars.com/d).
What makes D a good candidate for the task is its extensive and well integrated support for metaprogramming .
Metaprogramming in D does not require :
Learning a separate language .
A D metaprogram looks very much like a regular D program .
Switching programming paradigms .
Unlike in C++ , where metaprograms are purely functional , in D you can run imperative - style programs at compile time .
Instead a D compiler has a built - in D interpreter .
It can execute a substantial subset of D at compile time .
A metaprogram is a program that generates a program .
In D you can generate a program in the form of a string .
The string can then be converted to actual D code using a “ string mixin ” — all at compile time .
For instance , this code :
mixin ( " int x ; " ) ;
is equivalent to :
int x ;
The D implementation of the main article 's code features is based on generating a string containing the definition of a hierarchy of types as in Figure 3 .
The crucial idea , suggested to me by Andrei Alexandrescu , was to use D interfaces rather than classes .
D does not support multiple inheritance , but interfaces can be multiply inherited and their inheritance is virtual .
Client code that defines a set of code features looks like this :
mixin ( declareAllFeatures ( [ " Tested " , " Portable " ] ) ) ;
The function declareAllFeatures ( ) is run at compile time .
It takes an array of feature names and generates a string with interface declarations .
Here 's the string corresponding to the above example ( complete with newlines for easier debugging ) :
" interface Portable : Portable_Tested {} interface Tested : Portable_Tested {} interface Portable_Tested {} interface NoFeatures : Portable , Tested { } "
Incidentally , the same string can be generated and printed at run time using this line of code :
writeln ( declareAllFeatures ( [ " Tested " , " Portable " ] ) ) ;
Such run time / compile time duality makes D metaprograms easy to test and debug .
Continuing with the client code , here 's how you declare a function that guarantees " Portable " and " Tested " :
void bar ( ToType ! ( MakeFeatures ( [ " Portable " , " Tested " ] ) ) x )
The function MakeFeatures creates a string " Portable_Tested " , which is converted to a D type using the template ToType .
Notice that Portable_Tested is one of the interfaces declared using declareAllFeatures above .
The client may call the function bar with a particular set of requirements , which are declared using MakeFeatures .
For instance ,
ToType !( MakeFeatures ( [ " Tested " ] ) ) tested ; // require Tested bar ( tested ) ;
Notice that the interface Tested inherits from Portable_Tested , so this call will compile successfully .
Just to give you a taste of compile - time programming in D , here 's the implementation of MakeFeatures :
string MakeFeatures ( string [ ] a ) { if ( a.length == 0 ) return " NoFeatures " ; else return ctConcat ( ctSort ( a ) , '_ ' ) ; }
It takes an array of strings ( names of features ) .
If the array is empty , it generates NoFeatures , the name I gave to the interface corresponding to the bottom class in Figure 3 .
Otherwise it sorts the array ( compile - time sort ) and concatenates its elements using the underscore as separator .
Here 's the implementation of the compile - time concatenation function , without the separator option for simplicity :
string ctConcat ( string [ ] arr ) { string result = " " ; foreach ( s ; arr ) result ~= s ; return result ; }
It 's pretty self - explanatory if you know that the operator tilde is used to concatenate arrays ( strings in this case ) .
Notice that local variables and loops are okay at compile time .
Compilation times for the D implementation are negligible for up to seven features .
The compilation of eight features took two minutes , and the compiler run out of memory at nine features .
The source code of the full D implementation is available at http://www.bartosz.com/features.
Bartosz Milewski is a member of the D design team .
References
Click to viewNo , I will not let this topic drop .
There can be no real winner in the Guitar Hero / Rock Band war until one song ... just one , little song appears in one of the two , and that song is " The Touch " by Stan Bush .
Originally appearing on the soundtrack to the Transformers animated movie in the 80's , the song made countless little boys believe that they could do absolutely anything , no matter how many Decepticons got in their way .
The fact that this song is n't in Guitar Hero or Rock Band yet is eating away at me , so much so that I actually contacted Stan himself to see if there was anything I could do to help .
When he actually answered me I just about died .
Turns out not only would he love to have the song in either game , he even contacted Activision himself .
His reply to my email follows !
Hey Michael , Yes , it would be wonderful to get " The Touch " in either one of those games .
I 've written to Activision , but was n't able to get anywhere on it .
I 'd really appreciate any help .
Thanks ,
Stan
Advertisement
Note the " Hey Michael , " at the beginning .
I 'm just going to stare at it a little more before continuing .
... ... ... Okay .
So , Stan needs our help .
Specifically my help , but I figured I would let you guys in on it .
We need to get this song into a game where we can play it with our friends , possibly while wearing giant robot costumes .
To that end , we need to bug the living hell out of Activision and Harmonix .
It is vitally important that we do so .
I will go as far as to say that whichever game gets " The Touch " first , will be the only band game I purchase for personal use from here on out .
I mean , ideally we would want it in both games , but an element of urgency always helps .
For those of you who have never seen or heard " The Touch " , here is the music video from way back in the day , courtesy of Seibertron.com , the most amazing Transformers community site on the planet .
See ?
It 's rhythm band game GOLD .
Okay Harmonix , Activision .
Ready , set , go !
The symbol of American statehood a wreck .
Drunken revelers in the
lobby .
Boozers romping through the bedrooms .
And all this 140 years
before JFK moved in .
The most riotous party scene in the U.S. political arena occurred when the war hero Andrew Jackson , considered a country bumpkin by many a patrician Easterner , arrived in Washington , D.C.
An estimated 30,000 of his supporters converged on the young capital city , mostly from the South and West , to whoop it up for the March 4 swearing - in .
These frontier crowds did n’t just want to fill the saloons of the capital — they wanted to shake Jackson ’s hand and pay a visit to his swank new home , the President ’s House , which had recently been painted a glossy white .
The scenes of debauchery that ensued would make the city ’s genteel , fashion - obsessed locals blanch .
Scoring an Invitation : Until this time , inauguration receptions had been discreet and civilized affairs .
Straight - laced members of the American aristocracy would gather at the President ’s House and offer their formal congratulations over coffee and biscuits , while quietly rejoicing that power was remaining in the hands of the land - owning elite .
1828 would change all that .
Jackson was the first truly popular president : Leading a faction that would later become the Democratic Party , he swept into power by taking advantage of new laws that almost tripled the numbers of registered American voters from 365,000 to a million , and .
He himself was one of the country ’s fabled self - made men , a poor autodidact from the Tennessee frontier who served in the Revolutionary War as a teenage foot soldier and rose in the ranks to become a successful general in the War of 1812 ( he had a dent in his skull from a British sword ) .
He was so popular that any man who had cast a ballot for Jackson in the 1828 election felt that he had been extended a personal invitation to attend the inauguration .
What ’s more , the election of 1824 had been “ stolen ” — Jackson had swept the popular vote but had not gained a majority in the Electoral College — and his supporters wanted to make sure they finished the job .
Pre-party Planning : Ever since the British burned Washington to the ground 16 years earlier , successive mayors had been trying to make the capital presentable .
It was an uphill job .
The artificial city was still a ramshackle and provincial affair , far from the fine metropolis envisioned by designer Pierre Charles L’Enfant — “ a parody upon all the other capitals that were ever actually built up and inhabited since the beginning of the world , ” scoffed the architecture critic for the Philadelphia Monthly .
The city had only one decent thoroughfare , Pennsylvania Avenue , which ran between Congress and the Presidential House , while the rest was bleak swamp and sand .
In fact , Washington was completely unprepared for the hordes , wild - haired or otherwise , that arrived upon it .
The hotels filled up days beforehand , as did those in nearby Georgetown and Alexandria , so innkeepers happily tripled their room rates and rented space on their kitchen floors .
Thousands simply camped out under the open sky .
For the coarse Jackson supporters , mostly outdoorsmen of sorts , this was no hardship :
They were simply bivouacking as if they were on a hunting trip in the Adirondacks .
Many of them had never seen a real city before , so even Washington was an awe - inspiring site .
What to Wear : Unwashed hayseeds they may have been , but on the big day it would be Sunday best — every man with his beaver - skin hat , every woman with a bonnet .
Party Progress :
At dawn , a 13 - cannon salute woke the city , and crowds began to gather outside the modest hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue where Jackson himself had taken a suite .
At 11 a.m. , the gaunt , white - haired object of the peoples ’ affections emerged dressed in funereal black ( he was mourning his beloved wife , who had died after his election ) , to ear - splitting huzzas .
In this era before Presidential assassinations , Jackson walked to the Capitol on foot with fans surging all around him , some on horseback , some in carriages , a bevy of pretty girls in a wagon alongside .
At the Capitol , he took his oath of office and gave an inaudible speech .
No sooner had he finished than things began to get out of hand .
The crowd had become a sea covering every available space , and it now surged through the barriers and mobbed the new President .
Jackson ’s friends had to force a way for him back along Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House , where he and his men had prepared some modest refreshments for his supporters .
This “ reception ” went awry from the start .
When the staff opened the doors to bring out the first barrels of orange and rum punch , the exultant crowd burst in and knocked several over , soaking the floor in sticky booze and smashed glasses .
The guests were , said eyewitness Margaret Bayard Smith , “ a rabble , a mob , of boys , negros , women , children , scrambling , fighting , romping …
Ladies fainted , men were seen with bloody noses , and such a scene of confusion as is impossible to describe . ”
The crowd quickly took possession of the White House :
So many people were squeezed inside that the building itself creaked and shuddered dangerously .
A bodyguard of loyal friends had to form a ring around the scarecrow figure of Jackson so he would n’t be crushed to death or asphyxiated by well - wishers .
The strangers behaved if they were in a Mississippi saloon , standing in mud-caked boots on the damask chairs for a better view .
But it was n’t all riff - raff .
Even some of the stuffy D.C. toffs got into the anarchic spirit .
“ Everyone from the highest and most polished , ” marveled one attendee , Joseph Story , an associate judge of the Supreme Court , “ down to the most vulgar and gross of the nation , ” wanted their slice of the action .
There are numerous accounts from well - to - do white observers who were shocked to see free African - Americans in the throng , including bevies of children and one “ stout black wench ” ( noted Senator James Hamilton Jr. with disdain ) who sat by herself in a back room , “ eating in this free country a jelley with a gold spoon in the President ’s House . ”
Some compared the crowd to the barbarians in Rome .
It was too crowded to get through the front door , so anyone who wanted to leave had to crawl out a first floor window .
At 4 p.m. , friends managed to spirit Jackson back to his hotel , but the party continued at the White House for hours .
At around dusk , servants struck upon the idea of passing barrels of liquor and ice cream out the window in order to get the revelers out onto the lawn , where they could do less damage .
It worked .
High Points : Despite the chaos , even the most dubious observers admitted that something “ sublime ” had occurred at Jackson ’s party .
There was no doubt that a new era of American democracy had begun .
“ It was the People ’s day , and the People ’s President , and the People would rule , ” wrote Margaret Smith .
The After - Party : When the dust settled on the evening , the White House looked like a war zone .
Thousands of dollars worth of china and glassware had been smashed or taken as souvenirs , the carpets were shredded , the upholstery ruined .
Jackson was not abashed .
He took the near - riot as an opportunity to have Congress allocate enough money to actually finish the President ’s abode to the original design of Benjamin Latrobe .
He got $ 50,000 to refurbish it , acquiring sumptuous new furniture , elegant dining ware , and no less than 20 spittoons for the East Room .
• 30 September 2008
SOURCE / FURTHER READING : Brands , H.W. , Andrew Jackson : His Life and Times , ( New York , 2005 ) ; Remini , Robert , Andrew Jackson , vol .
2 : The Course of American Freedom , 1822 - 1832 , ( Baltimore , 1999 ) .
Disclaimer : Quite some time has passed since I started writing this page .
At the time , .NET was at 2.0 and it has been pointed out to me that some of my concerns have been addressed in later versions of the language .
Thanks to Nelson LaQuet for an extensive critique .
Why C# Is Not My Favorite Programming Language
1. Default Object Lifetime Is Non-Deterministic
In most object - oriented languages , there is a very specific time when an object constructor is called ( namely , when an object is instantiated ) and when its destructor is called ( namely , when it falls out of scope ) .
In C# , they have taken the " garbage collection " paradigm one step too far .
Not only does memory management rely on it , but even the object destructor is called " somewhen " , at an unpredictable time !
In a previous version of this document I wrote " somewhen after the object falls out of scope " , but it turns out to be even worse , so I 'll devote a separate section to the gruesome truth below .
In any case , this means that handy constructs such as an AutoLock can no longer work ( example in C++ ) :
class AutoLock { public : AutoLock ( Mutex& m ) : m_mutex (m ) { m_mutex .Lock ( ) ; } ~ AutoLock ( ) { m_mutex .
Unlock ( ) ; } private : Mutex& m_mutex ; } ;
In a typical Microsoft - way of thinking , they added a " special case " for this particular example by means of the lock keyword ( which , incidentally , would be trivial to simulate in C++ should you like the keyword - taste of it ) .
However , other " automatic " resource management using object lifetime ( for example , for handles , GDI object , etc. ) still wo n't work .
To resolve this , objects can implement the IDisposable interface , which has a Dispose ( ) method .
When object lifetime is important to you , you should put the relevant cleanup code in the Dispose ( ) implementation and remember to call Dispose ( ) on the object yourself .
It is good practise to have the destructor call Dispose ( ) on the object too , but as Professional C# , 2nd Edition puts it : " The destructor is only there as a backup mechanism in case some badly behaved client does n't call Dispose ( ) " ( emphasis mine ) .
You see , only badly behaved clients would forget to clean up after themselves , so I guess only badly behaved clients would need a garbage collector in the first place , right ?
The proposed " better solutions " for this are the using keyword , like so :
using ( AutoLock the Lock = new AutoLock ( m_lock ) ) { // your protected code here }
or using the finally clause ( which is often recommended over the using statement ) , like so :
AutoLock the Lock = new AutoLock ( m_lock ) ; try { // your protected code here } finally { the Lock .
Dispose ( ) ; }
In the former case , it gets a nuisance if I have more than one object which I 'd like to have a deterministic life time for , and in the latter case ( which , incidentally , is very similar to the code that gets emitted by the compiler when you use the lock keyword ) I still need to remember typing Dispose ( ) by hand .
And it gets worse !
Even program termination does n't trigger proper cleanup .
You can verify this with the following program :
using System ; using System .IO ; class TestClass { static void Main ( string [ ] args ) { StreamWriter sw = File.CreateText ( " C:\\foo.txt " ) ; sw. WriteLine ( " Hello , World ? " ) ; //
Note : We " forget " sw. Close ( ) .
// Incidentally , StreamWriter.Dispose ( bool ) is protected , so we can't call it directly .
} }
The foo. txt file will be created , but it will be empty .
Note that even C specifies that all unflushed data is written out , and files will be closed , at program termination .
And even if I did remember to call Close ( ) myself ( I would n't want to be a badly behaved client , now would I ? ) , this would n't be exception - safe .
I am supposed to remember to use using , or litter my code with finally blocks .
2. Object Lifetime is Not Determined by Scope
I wrote above that I initially thought that objects are destroyed " somewhen after they go out of scope " , but in reality it seems to be far , far worse .
As it turns out , the JIT compiler can do " lookahead optimization " , and may mark any object for collection after what it considers it 's " last use " , ignoring scope !
I have had a colleague ask me about the following code :
{ ReadAccessor access ( image ) ; IntPtr p = access .
GetPtr( ) ; // lengthy piece of code here doing stuff with the pixels from the image }
A ReadAccessor is an object which provides access to the pixel data in an image , which is stored in a memory mapped file for performance reasons .
When a ReadAccessor is constructed , it maps in the memory , after which you can call GetPtr ( ) to get at the actual data .
Once it goes out of scope , it unmaps the memory again .
So , the " validity " of the data is guaranteed for the lifetime of the ReadAccessor .
Incidentally , there is also a WriteAccessor , which makes sure that there be only a single writer at any given time .
Of course , people using this code in C# quickly found out that they had to dispose of these WriteAccessor s manually , because otherwise they'd get the error that this WriteAccessor would still be sitting in the garbage bin while they were trying to acquire a new one .
But that 's the problem mentioned in the item above .
This one is far , far worse .
The colleague told me that his code crashed somewhere in the pixel - processing code .
It took me a while to figure out what was happening :
The JIT optimizer looked ahead a little bit , decided that access was n't being used after the GetPtr ( ) call , and marked it for collection .
Later on in the code , in the same scope , mind you , the GC apparently decided it was a good time to destroy the ReadAccessor , which unmapped the memory still being used by the code .
I still find this hard to believe ( even C# ca n't be this stupid ) , but the crash went away by modifying the code like so :
{ ReadAccessor access ( image ) ; IntPtr p = access .
GetPtr( ) ; // lengthy piece of code here doing stuff with the pixels from the image System .
GC.KeepAlive( access ) ; }
This particular item is so mind - boggling that I hope some dear reader can tell me it 's just a bad dream and scope is , in fact , honored by the GC .
3. Every Function Must Be A Method
C# imposes an object - oriented paradigm and enforces it by prohibiting the definition of stand - alone functions : every function must be a member of a class .
If you take object - orientation to the extreme , you would not say
float b = sin(a ) ;
float b = a.sin( ) ;
but rather
This is clearly unpractical .
( Ignore the question of how you would take the sine of a number instead of a variable . )
C# ( and Java , for that matter ) still try to go about half - way there by making the sine function a member of the Math class ( or namespace — I can never tell them apart in C# ) :
float b = Math.sin(a ) ;
If I want to add my own mathematical functions , I either have to extend the Math class ( which I can't , because it 's sealed ) or put up with the strange distinction that I need to write
float h = Math.sqrt( a*a + b*b ) ;
float h = MyMath.hypot(a , b ) ;
but
It gets even more scary if you look at the OracleNumber class , which also has a sin method .
Luckily , it 's static , and you can't call static member functions on instances .
This is related to the following item , but that is bad enough that I think it warrants its own item :
4. Containers Have Algorithms As Methods
The popular ArrayList container ( an auto - resizing container , comparable to C++'s vector template ) has a Sort ( ) method .
And a Reverse ( ) method .
But not a Randomize ( ) method .
Why should some algorithms be member functions , but not others ?
The answer is that no algorithms should be member functions .
What if I wanted to use a different sorting algorithm than the one the original implementers of ArrayList had in mind ?
Note that an ArrayList sorts itself , while Array .
Sort ( ... ) is a static member function of the Array class .
If I decide , late in a project , at the performance - tuning stage perhaps , that I could better use an ArrayList for some particular collection than the Array I used up to now , I will likely have to modify my code in multiple places .
Note that this is not a shortcoming of the language , but it is partly a consequence of item number 2 , above .
Also note that C# shares this problem with some other languages – even C++ has a few quirks here ( the string class comes to mind ) .
5. Default Comparison Behavior Is Dangerous
Given a class Vector , which does n't overload the comparison operator== , I can still write
Vector a , b ; if ( a == b ) { ... }
In C++ , the compiler will have the courtesy of telling me there is no operator== defined for Vector s ; in C# , this will simply compile , but it means " compare the references a and b " , i.e. it is true when a and b are the same Vector , not when their value is equal .
Also , because of the following item , you can't add such an operator yourself without altering the Vector class :
6. Operator Overloading Is Severely Broken
In C++ , given a class Vector , you can define an operator for adding two Vector s without altering the Vector class itself :
class Vector {} ; Vector operator +( const Vector& lhs , const Vector& rhs ) { return Vector ( whatever it means to add two Vector ) ; }
In C# , this is not possible without altering the Vector class itself .
Because of the limitation mentioned in item number 2 , above , you cannot make this operator a " free - standing " one .
Of course , adding this operator has nothing to do with the interface to the Vector class , so you 'd probably try something like this :
public class VectorOps { public static Vector operator + ( Vector lhs , Vector rhs ) { return new Vector ( whatever it means to add two Vectors ) ; } }
Vector
but this does n't work .
You 'll get the error " One of the parameters of a binary operator must be the containing type " .
In other words , if someone hands you aclass without overloaded operators , you 'll have to modify the class itself , also introducing a dependency of your class on the module which happens to implement these operators .
But wait , there 's more .
Note that when you overload the operator== , you also have to overload operator != – but we 'll forgive the compiler for not being able to auto - generate it .
It will do a similar " helpful " trick with arithmetic and bitwise assignment operators – when it most definitely should n't .
You cannot overload the arithmetic and bitwise assignment operators += , -= , etc.
Instead , they are evaluated in terms of other operators that can be overloaded .
This is exactly the wrong way around ; most C++ programmers implement an operator + in terms of operator += .
Suppose you have a class Image , representing an image .
Also , suppose you have some kind of image processing library , offering functionality to add two images together .
For performance reasons , this library will likely have separate functions for adding one image in - place , overwriting the old contents , and for returning a new image containing the result of the addition :
public class ImageProcessing { public static Image Add( Image lhs , Image rhs ) ; public static void AddInPlace ( Image lhs , Image rhs ) ; }
You may decide that it 's a nice service to clients of your Image class to offer operators for this , so they can write code like
Image a , b , c ; c = a + b ; // really c = ImageProcessing .
Add(a , b) a += b ; // really ImageProcessing .AddInPlace(a , b)
Image
Image
ImageProcessing
operator +
ImageProcessing .
Add ( )
operator+=
ImageProcessing .AddInPlace ()
a += b
Image
( Of course , you 'll have to send them a newclass , because you have to modify it for this ; in addition , yourclass can now not be used without theclass ) .
You would think you 'd overrideforandfor , but you can't .
Instead , when your client types , a whole temporarywill have to be constructed , holding the result of the addition , after which the left operand is replaced with the result .
Good bye performance !
Update :
In the 3.0 version of the language , a new feature called " extension methods " has appeared .
It is now possible to add methods to classes without modifying the original class file , so you could make img .
AddInPlace ( otherImage ) work .
However , extension methods do n't work together with operator overloading .
7. Events Without Subscribers Raise Exceptions
If a tree falls down in the woods and there is nobody there to hear it , does it still make a sound ?
C# has a very interesting view on this popular Philosophy 101 question .
In C# , there is a concept called delegates .
A multicast delegate is a set of methods to be called successively when the delegate is called .
When the set of methods is empty , trying to call the delegate raises an exception .
However , events are implemented in terms of multicast delegates , too .
You declare a delegate and an event like so :
public delegate void TreeListener ( ) ; class Tree { public event TreeListener Fell ; public void Fall ( ) { //
Fall down , and make some noise .
To be discussed .
} }
The idea is that clients interested in hearing trees fall can subscribe themselves to the event using a very fancy syntax :
class Client { public Client( Tree tree ) { tree .
Fell += new TreeListener ( TreeFell ) ; } private void TreeFell ( ) //
This will be called when the tree falls .
{ Console . WriteLine ( " I heard it ! " ) ; } }
In the Tree. Fall ( ) implementation , you 'd simply call the event :
class
Tree { public event TreeListener Fell ; public void Fall ( ) { //
Fall down , and make some noise : Fell ( ) ; } }
So , now comes the important question .
What if nobody has subscribed to the Tree .
Fell event ?
In that case , the multicast delegate will be empty , and calling it will raise an exception .
You heard it right ( or did you ? ) :
Trees simply are n't supposed to fall over when nobody 's around .
The suggested solution is to check whether anybody 's listening first ( if the event is empty , it will be null ) :
class
Tree { public event TreeListener Fell ; public void Fall ( ) { if ( Fell != null ) Fell ( ) ; } }
if ( Fell != null )
Conclusion
This , of course , is not thread - safe .
To make it thread - safe , you will have to define your own event add / remove functions and take a lock in them , taking the same lock around theabove .
C# is very nice for quickly building GUI applications .
Especially programmers used to MFC can't seem to praise C# loudly enough .
But then again , if you are used to rusty pins being driven under your fingernails daily , the prospect of being kicked in the groin at unpredicable times but only once a week must sound really attractive .
By the way : my introductionary computer programming book is available here .
As you can guess , it does n't use C# .
But I promise I did n't rant against it in the book .
A video of Bansky 's animatronic food installation in New York .
I already ran a photo of the nuggets :
Here 's the the artist 's explanation :
New Yorkers do n't care about art , they care about pets .
So I 'm exhibiting them instead .
I wanted to make art that questioned our relationship with animals and the ethics and sustainability of factory farming , but it ended up as chicken nuggets singing .
I took all the money I made exploiting an animal in my last show and used it to fund a new show about the exploitation of animals .
If its art and you can see it from the street , I guess it could still be considered street art .
Learning to Learn
Another related human impediment comes from excessive focus on what we do know : we tend to learn the precise , not the general .
What did people learn from the 9/11 episode ?
Did they learn that some events , owing to their dynamics , stand largely outside the realm of the predictable ?
No .
Did they learn the built - in defect of conventional wisdom ?
No .
What did they figure out ?
They learned precise rules for avoiding Islamic prototerrorists and tall buildings .
Many keep reminding me that it is important for us to be practical and take tangible steps rather than to " theorize " about knowledge .
The story of the Maginot Line shows how we are conditioned to be specific .
The French , after the Great War , built a wall along the previous German invasion route to prevent reinvasion - Hitler just ( almost ) effortlessly went around it .
The French had been excellent students of history ; they just learned with too much precision .
They were too practical and exceedingly focused for their own safety .
We do not spontaneously learn that we do n't learn that we do n't learn .
The problem lies in the structure of our minds : we do n't learn rules , just facts , and only facts .
Metarules ( such as the rule that we have a tendency to not learn rules ) we do n't seem to be good at getting .
We scorn the abstract ; we scorn it with passion .
Why ?
It is necessary here , as it is my agenda in the rest of this book , both to stand conventional wisdom on its head and to show how inapplicable it is to our modern , complex , and increasingly recursive environment .
But there is a deeper question :
What are our minds made for ?
It looks as if we have the wrong user 's manual .
Our minds do not seem made to think and introspect ; if they were , things would be easier for us today , but then we would not be here today and I would not have been here to talk about it - my counterfactual , introspective , and hard - thinking ancestor would have been eaten by a tiger while his nonthinking , but faster - reacting cousin would have run for cover .
Consider that thinking is time - consuming and generally a great waste of energy , that our predecessors spent more than a hundred million years as nonthinking mammals and that in the blip in our history during which we have used our brain we have used it on subjects too peripheral to matter .
Evidence shows that we do much less thinking than we believe we do - except , of course , when we think about it .
A NEW KIND OF INGRATITUDE
It is quite saddening to think of those people who have been mistreated by history .
There were the poËtes maudits , like Edgar Allan Poe or Arthur Rimbaud , scorned by society and later worshipped and force - fed to schoolchildren .
( There are even schools named after high school dropouts ) .
Alas , this recognition came a little too late for the poet to get a serotonin kick out of it , or to prop up his romantic life on earth .
But there are even more mistreated heroes - the very sad category of those who we do not know were heroes , who saved our lives , who helped us avoid disasters .
They left no traces and did not even know that they were making a contribution .
We remember the martyrs who died for a cause that we knew about , never those no less effective in their contribution but whose cause we were never aware - precisely because they were successful .
Our ingratitude towards the poËtes maudits fades completely in front of this other type of thanklessness .
This is a far more vicious kind of ingratitude : the feeling of uselessness on the part of the silent hero .
I will illustrate with the following thought experiment .
Assume that a legislator with courage , influence , intellect , vision , and perseverance manages to enact a law that goes into universal effect and employment on September 10 , 2001 ; it imposes the continuously locked bulletproof doors in every cockpit ( at high costs to the struggling airlines ) - just in case terrorists decide to use planes to attack the World Trade Center in New York City .
I know this is lunacy , but it is just a thought experiment ( I am aware that there may be no such thing as a legislator with intellect , courage , vision , and perseverance ; this is the point of the thought experiment ) .
The legislation is not a popular measure among the airline personnel , as it complicates their lives .
But it would certainly have prevented 9/11 .
Mozilla has received widespread criticism from within the open - source community for bundling a EULA with official binary builds of Firefox 3 .
Critics argue that including a conventional user license agreement in Firefox is antithetical to the principles of unencumbered use that are cherished in the open - source software community .
The debate is now going on in full force in the Ubuntu community with the filing of a bug report about the EULA .
The EULA is largely meaningless because the terms of the open - source software licenses under which Firefox is distributed give users the ability to strip the EULA and compile a custom version of the browser that omits it .
Mozilla 's trademark policies , however , would make it impossible to include the Firefox name or branding on any derivative that deviates from the original sources in that manner .
This poses a challenge for Linux distributors who do n't want to impose the EULA display screen on their users .
A disgruntled Ubuntu user filed a bug report complaining about the EULA in an effort to draw attention to user frustration with the issue .
The report launched a major flame war and inspired numerous other users to post comments expressing dissatisfaction and calling for Ubuntu to either do away with the EULA , even if it means dropping the Firefox branding , or switch to a native open - source browser such as Epiphany .
The Ubuntu developers already have a generic unbranded version of Firefox packaged as " abrowser " in the Ubuntu repositories .
This could be used as a last resort if no compromise can be reached .
Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth has revealed that he and several others in the Ubuntu community are negotiating with Mozilla to find a reasonable resolution .
" We have been holding extensive , sensitive and complex conversations with Mozilla .
We strongly want to support their brand ( do n't forget this is one of the few companies that has successfully taken free software to the dragon 's lair ) and come to a reasonable agreement , " Shuttleworth wrote .
" We want to do that in a way which is aligned with Ubuntu 's values , and we have senior representatives of the project participating in the dialogue and examining options for the implementation of those agreements . "
Debian , the distribution from which Ubuntu is derived , has already changed the Firefox name and branding in its own builds over an unrelated dispute regarding licensing and trademark issues .
The Debian flavor of Firefox is called IceWeasel , and it replaces the Firefox logo art with an image of a weasel humping a globe .
Shuttleworth has rejected adopting IceWeasel for Ubuntu because he considers it inappropriate to mock Firefox .
Mozilla 's Mitchell Baker has responded to the controversy and has indicated that efforts are under way to address the concerns that have been expressed by users .
Mozilla is changing the text of the EULA to indicate that usage of the software is governed by open - source licenses .
It remains unclear , however , whether a license will still be displayed when the program starts .
" The most important thing here is to acknowledge that yes , the content of the license agreement is wrong .
The correct content is clear that the code is governed by FLOSS licenses , not the typical end user license agreement language that is in the current version , " Baker wrote in a blog entry .
" We take this very seriously and are working hard to fix it . "
The rate at which this issue has escalated reflects the importance that users in the open - source software community place on licensing .
Many Linux users have come to the platform in order to escape from the mess of confusing and highly restrictive licensing terms that are imposed by proprietary software applications .
Rather than displaying legal boilerplate in an annoying dialog window the first time that the user launches the browser , it might be wiser for Mozilla to instead include a section in the first - run web page that explains in clear language the rights granted to end users by the permissive open - source licenses under which the browser is distributed .
BREAKING --
Thailand declares state of emergency in Bangkok : state radio Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday September 1 , 2008
Print This Email This UPDATE : Thailand bans assemblies of more than 5 people .
BANGKOK ( AFP ) - Thailand on Tuesday banned gatherings of more than five people in Bangkok , state radio announced , under an emergency decree invoked after clashes between protesters in the capital left one dead .
The announcement said that the emergency decree gave the army chief , General Anupong Paojinda , power to break up any gathering and to force people to leave any location .
" By invoking this emergency decree , Anupong can ban people from entering any specific place and can evacuate people from any specific place , " the announcement said .
Embattled Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej , who has faced mounting calls for his resignation , appointed Anupong as chief of a special team tasked with enforcing the emergency decree .
Thai police called in army reinforcements early Tuesday as thousands of pro-and anti-government protesters clashed in the capital , leaving one dead and dozens injured , officials and local media said .
Thai television showed protesters wearing helmets and carrying batons running though the streets , fighting with each other and throwing rocks , as people lay bleeding on the street .
The violence took place not far from the site where about 15,000 demonstrators have been besieging the main government compound for a week , demanding that Samak step down .
DEVELOPING ...
Please read my other posts regarding Sarah Palin . )
1. Petition to Sarah Palin about the wolf killing :
By now , most of the world knows of Sarah Palin 's support of brutal aeriel hunting of wolves .
( 1. Petition to Sarah Palin about the wolf killing : Here
Let 's get the word out further .
More than 68,000 potential voters have viewed their video on YouTube , with many more spreading the word by re-posting the video on their websites and blogs and forwarding it to friends .
potential voters have viewed their video on YouTube , with many more spreading the word by re-posting the video on their websites and blogs and forwarding it to friends .
CNN and other news outlets have picked up the story , running clips from Defenders of Wildlife Action fund and their sister organization Defenders of Wildlife .
$ 20.00 Part of one 60 - second spot
$ 40.00 Two parts of one 60 - second spot
$ 60.00 Three parts of a sixty - second
$ 100.00 Half of one 60 - second spot
$ 200.00 One 60 - second spot
$ 1,000.00 Five 60 - second spots
Other :
If you cannot afford any of the above , even giving $ 5.00 will help so much .
Please read my other posts regarding Sarah Palin .
The organization Defenders of Wildlife ( one of my favorites ) released the video I am sure you all have seen .
In an effort to reach hundreds of thousands of " swing voters " who help decide this election , The Defenders of Wildlife created a new , powerful television ad that details Sarah Palin 's efforts to kill wolves .
They can only run it with our financial help .
Running a television ad during an election year is expensive .
We need to help them raise $ 100,000 to run the ad and support their work to provide a voice for endangered wildlife .
Make your donation here Donation overview :
The ad : With the election less than 50 days away , we do n’t have much time to help voters learn about the real Sarah Palin .
Please donate to this cause , as much as you can afford .
Please forward it along to your friends , too .
If you like this post , please social bookmark ( digg , reddit , stumble , etc ) it below :
Christians Pray To Golden Bull For Better Economy Posted by Pile ( 11367 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
Cindy Jacobs , a self - claimed " prophet " fond of appearing on cable tv religion channels , has declared October 29th " Day of Prayer for the World ’s Economies " and is asking Christians all over the world to stop what they 're doing and ask God to improve their IRA balance .
They are calling for prayer for the stock markets , banks , and financial institutions of the world on the date the stock market crashed in 1929 .
They are meeting at the New York Stock Exchange , the Federal Reserve Bank , and its 12 principal branches around the US that day .
“ We are going to intercede at the site of the statue of the bull on Wall Street to ask God to begin a shift from the bull and bear markets to what we feel will be the ' Lion ’s Market , ' or God ’s control over the economic systems , ” she said .
“ While we do not have the full revelation of all this will entail , we do know that without intercession , economies will crumble . ”
Cindy is encouraging prayer groups to intercede for banks and financial institutions in your area .
Cindy says each of us has to be accountable to the Lord .
“ Do n’t think you ’re going to be in sin and that God will take care of you in these hard economic times .
Holiness is key , ” Cindy said .
Each of us has a part to play and should not think that God will indiscriminately bless us without us dealing with personal areas that are wrong .
We must repent of any misuse of money , think before we spend , get out of debt , etc. , and allow God to do a course correction for us .
Check out this apocryphal video from 2006 - one guy Peter Schiff knew what was going on :
details
Bow to the Golden Bull
Posted by darter22 on 2008-10-30 19:48:11 Christians worshipping at the altar of the Golden Calf .
I 'm lovin ' this .
If Obama wins in a Dem landslide they will know their prayers were answered .
Posted by Neil on 2008-11-06 08:47:09
Guys , you missed the entire point .
That giant bull is a “ bad thing . ”
It is a symbol of the current economic structure that she believes God wants to change .
It has nothing to do with “ everyone getting rich . ”
They were n’t praying to the bull .
It was just a point of contact representing a thing that God wants to change .
I mean , do n’t you think God wants to be involved in every aspect of our lives , including the financial structure of our nation .
Please , before you make yourself look foolish , get the facts .
Posted by Naomi on 2008-11-08 12:29:54
But why would they need to gather around a bull to pray ?
God 's everywhere , right ?
And he 's supposed to hear your prayers no matter where or who you are .
Why wold they need a symbol to focus their religious expressions ?
Posted by B on 2008- 11-17 21:19:43
There is something very fitting in this imagery .
It begins with the assumption that the sovereign creator and master of the universe needs the pleadings of ego - driven followers to enable him / her / it to affect the course of history .
It ends with religious egg on the faces of those idiots , having bowed down in front of a golden calf on the world stage .
Go God !
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
North Carolina newspapers have already started weighing in with editorials about Elizabeth Dole 's despicable " Godless " television ad , in which Dole does everything but accuse her Democratic opponent , Kay Hagan , of playing golf with Satan .
Here 's some samples :
" The Dole campaign stepped across a broad line , portraying Hagan as not Christian and suggesting she does not believe in God .
The Dole ad shows a picture of Hagan while a woman 's voice , not Hagan 's , intones , There is no God . '" This is indecent .
It is the modern - day version of the ' white hands ' ad , a lie born of Dole 's desperation in a race in which she has trailed for weeks .
It is also a deliberate attempt by Dole 's campaign not just to distort the truth , but to shatter Hagan 's admirable record as an elder for more than a decade in Greensboro 's First Presbyterian Church , as a Sunday School teacher and a volunteer in her church 's fundraising campaigns , worship services and community service programs .
" Political campaigns in this state are often hard - fought , with bitter , overwrought accusations that stretch the truth , embellish the facts and attempt to confuse voters .
Hagan has hit Dole hard .
Dole has hit Hagan hard .
That is par for the course .
This ad is something else , an attack on a Christian woman 's faith against all evidence to the contrary .
It is wrong .
It may well backfire on Dole .
" It has no place in N.C. politics .
Unless she admits this egregious , shameful mistake and acts appropriately , Elizabeth Dole has no place in N.C. politics , either . "
" The degree to which a campaign resorts to mud-slinging is a pretty good indication about how desperate it is .
One of the more egregious examples of negative campaigning began running Tuesday in North Carolina .
"
It 's an ad put up by the Elizabeth Dole campaign , approved by Dole , that says a leader of the Godless Americans PAC recently held a ' secret ' fundraiser in Kay Hagan 's honor .
" At the end of the ad , the narrator asks ' What did Hagan promise in return ? '
In response , as a photo of Hagan is shown , a different woman 's voice says , ' There is no God . '" The ad is not only a gross misrepresentation of the circumstances surrounding the fundraiser , the implication that Kay Hagan believes ' there is no God ' flies in the face of her long and close involvement with First Presbyterian Church of Greensboro , where she is an elder and has taught Sunday School . "
" If Elizabeth Dole is still the gracious person North Carolinians have admired for many years , she 'll pull her new attack ad off the air .
It 's worse than dishonest in its depiction of rival Kay Hagan as a ' Godless American . '" Hagan raised a strong defense Wednesday , addressing the media in front of Greensboro 's First Presbyterian Church , where she 's been an active member and elder .
Talking about her Christian faith and works , backed by family , friends and former minister Joe Mullin , she revealed a side of herself most voters have n't seen . " " From that one association , the Dole ad links Hagan to unpopular views .
With Hagan 's picture on screen , a female voice avows , ' There is no God ' -- a deceptive attempt to put an atheist 's words into a Presbyterian 's mouth , with the goal of helping Dole 's election chances .
"
Even in a campaign long ago driven down in tone by Democrats and Republicans , this is a low blow .
Making false insinuations about a candidate 's religious beliefs is beyond the bounds of acceptable political disagreement . "
" A recent TV ad from Sen. Elizabeth
Dole is shameful even by today 's threshold for slime .
It smacks of desperation , and it 's unbecoming of a senator representing North Carolina .
The ad essentially infers that her Democratic opponent , N.C. Sen .
Kay Hagan , does n't believe in God .
In the South , where strong faith is practically a requirement for public office , that 's akin to suggesting that she and Satan are in business together .
" But Hagan is no heathen .
An elder in her Presbyterian church , she has taught Sunday school and does lots of other things that good people of faith do .
Apparently Elizabeth Dole and her handlers missed the lesson that covered ' Do unto others . ...' "
Statistics from the non-aligned Centre for Responsive Politics show that Mr McCain is the largest recipient of money from the casino industry in Congress , outside the gambling meccas of Nevada and New Jersey , and that 40 of his top fundraisers and advisers have ties to the gambling industry .
In this presidential race he has received twice as much from the industry as Mr Obama .
Broward Co. , FL , Election Supervisor : ' No One Could Have Anticipated ' Massive Voter Turnout
Pre-Election Litigation , Early Voting , Machine Malfunctions , and Other Voting and Election Developments Across the Country This Week ...
Desi Doyen Byon
10/25/2008 , 3:55 pm PT
Guest blogged by DES
This week , Broward County , Florida , Elections Supervisor Brenda Snipes said , with a straight face , " No one could have anticipated that this election would be so historic and draw as much attention as it has , " and defended her choice to oppose expanding early voting hours next week due to " logistical problems . "
In addition to the problems in Florida , there are now reports that longtime GOP " voter fraud " hoaxster Pat Rogers ( also known for his involvement in the U.S. , Attorney Purge Scandal for the bogus " voter fraud " allegations he filed in 2004 , and as a board member of the now - defunct and fully - debunked GOP astro - turf group , " American Center for Voting Rights , " or ACVR ) , is apparently using private investigators to intimidate voters in New Mexico .
Details on those stories and many more --- pre-election litigation over polling place photo I.D. restrictions in Georgia and Ohio , absentee military ballots in Virginia , GOP efforts to close early voting polling places in Indiana , GOP calls for the Dept. of Justice to investigate ACORN just days before a federal election --- from across the country , all follow in the detailed round - up below ...
FLORIDA
First , some specific background on the problems in Florida :
In 2005 , the Republican - dominated Florida State Legislature voted to change the rules for early voting , cutting the number of early voting sites and reducing the hours the sites were open .
Excitement and interest in the 2008 presidential campaign has generated a record number of newly registered voters in states around the country .
States across the country saw record turnout in the primary season this spring .
In keeping with the unprecedented voter interest demonstrated in the primaries , voter turnout in just the first few days of early voting around the country has already outpaced recent presidential elections --- with voters waiting in line two to three hours in Florida .
But somehow , Broward 's Elections Supervisor Brenda Snipes now says , in her best Condoleeze , " No one could have anticipated " this historic turnout .
We can only hope that her opponent this year , long - time Election Integrity advocate Ellen Harriet Brodsky , defeats the disasterous Snipes , even as she poorly administers her own re-election race !
Coping with ' a rush of voters '
Election supervisors told the state Friday they 're coping with the flood of early voters well , but that they never expected this many people to turn out .
" No one could have anticipated that this election would be so historic and draw as much attention as it has , " said Broward elections supervisor Brenda Snipes , who posts wait times on her web site .
Snipes and Sarasota 's Kathy Dent voiced opposition to expanding early voting hours next week because it would cause logistical problems .
Is The Legislature To Blame for Long Early Voting Lines ?
Saying early voting cost too much money with rules that were n't uniform , Republican legislators led a charge three years ago to set new statewide standards limiting the number of polling sites and their hours of operation .
Those revamped rules trimmed early voting from 12 hours per workday to eight .
During the first presidential election since Gov. Jeb Bush signed the bill in 2005 , the new law 's impact can be seen throughout South Florida : exhausting lines at polling sites in Miami - Dade and Broward that led voters to miss work , senior citizens to beg for chairs and voting advocates to question whether some are being disenfranchised .
More machines added to handle early - voting crowds Voters and politicians quickly called for more machines to handle the beelines of bodies --- and , at least in Miami - Dade , they are about to get them .
[...]
Congressman Kendrick
Meek was among those demanding reforms to reduce voter waits .
Meek compared Monday 's turnout and the ensuing two - week early voting period to a hurricane on the way , saying it 's a Category 1 storm today , but a 5 is not far out there .
'' Something is very , very wrong when a taxpayer goes to vote and it's an all - day experience , '' Meek said .
[...]
In Miami Beach , as the polls opened , some of the computers used to check in voters were n't working , though optical scan machines used to count ballots had no problems .
Elections department spokeswoman Christina
White said two of the location 's four check - in computers '' were down for maybe a total of 10 minutes ' ' when the polls opened .
Voters stood in line for about an hour Monday morning at the 75th and Collins branch library in Miami Beach to vote , thanks to a problem that for about two hours had only one machine reading ballots .
A few Broward voting sites had problems with the polling sites ' '' Ballot on Demand ' ' system , which is used during early voting to print ballots for each individual voter .
The equipment allows the supervisor of elections to print ballots as needed for the individual precincts as voters arrive , rather than storing ballots for all of Broward 's precincts at each site .
But at a couple of voting sites , the equipment malfunctioned when the computer system used to look up each ballot stopped communicating with the machine used to print the ballots .
GOP 's law created long voting lines
Three years ago , legislators passed a huge elections bill ( HB 1567 ) .
Some changes were voter - friendly , such as allowing anyone to request an absentee ballot without having to give a reason why .
Three years ago , legislators passed a huge elections bill ( HB 1567 ) .
Some changes were voter - friendly , such as allowing anyone to request an absentee ballot without having to give a reason why .
The bill also limited early voting to eight hours a day , and to no more than eight hours on a weekend .
That did away with 12 - hour early voting sessions for people who work long hours .
The law also limited early voting sites to elections offices , libraries and city halls even though elections officials wanted to use other sites .
... Rep. Ron Reagan , R - Bradenton , said Friday .
" The whole purpose behind it was to have uniformity . "
Pinellas ' early voting setup favors the GOP
By encouraging absentee ballots and limiting access to early voting , Pinellas Supervisor of Elections Deb Clark has chosen a path that favors Republicans in November 's election .
[...]
Clark said there 's nothing partisan about her support for absentees .
They 're far more convenient for voters , she said , allowing them to fill out ballots at their leisure and not worry about taking time from work or standing in line .
[...]
Clark began to experiment with early voting in 2004 , after it was made an option by the state Legislature .
By the 2006 primary , Pinellas offered 11 locations .
Arguing that early voting 's impact on overall turnout can't justify the costs involved - roughly $ 250,000 for a countywide election - Clark 's office largely abandoned the practice and has pushed absentee ballots .
Since the general election in 2006 , early voting has been offered only at the supervisor 's offices in Clearwater , Largo and St. Petersburg .
Darryl Paulson , a professor of government at the University of South Florida St. Petersburg , said this probably has put Republicans over the top in some elections .
Having seen big gains in new Democratic registrations , Sen. Barack Obama is encouraging supporters to vote early .
The Obama campaign , the national president of the League of Women Voters and U.S. Rep. Kathy Castor have all called on Clark to open more early voting sites , but she has stood firm .
VIRGINIA
Virginia Military Absentee Ballot Problem Will Be Solved
The military voting project at the National Defense Committee responds to reports out of Fairfax , Virginia , and after polite telephone conversations and an exchange of letters , the problem looks like it will be solved and votes will be counted .
The problem is that the Fairfax County government had originally interpreted Virginia law to require all Federal Write - In Absentee ballots to have a witness ' signature , printed name and address on the Federal Write - In Absentee Ballot .
However , the underlying Virginia law only requires this witness signature , printed name and address if they are taking advantage of the special Virginia provision that allows the Federal Write - In Absentee Ballot to ALSO serve as the absentee ballot application .
Because that 's different from what the federal Voting Assistance Guide says , hundreds of Federal Write - In Absentee Ballots received to date were potentially going to be rejected .
In fact , as of today , while about 260 Federal Write - In Absentee Ballots had been received by Fairfax County , only five had the witness name and address .
NEW MEXICO
NM GOP Lawyer Cited In Iglesias Firing Is Back Pushing Bogus Voter Fraud Claims
The evidence is growing that the FBI 's investigation into ACORN is just the latest iteration of the unprecedented politicization of the Department of Justice that was exposed in the US attorney firings scandal .
[...]
In other words , one of the very same New Mexico GOP activists who was found in the OIG report to have tried to pressure David Iglesias to bring bogus voter - fraud prosecutions is still on the case , and has now helped to get a new federal investigation launched just weeks before the election .
[...]
There 's a broader point worth making too :
It 's looking more and more like New Mexico is ground zero for the FBI 's new investigation .
( Remember that the Wall Street Journal had reported back on October 9 --- a good week before the news of a nationwide FBI probe broke --- that the bureau was looking into voter fraud in New Mexico . )
And given what we saw happen to Iglesias , the FBI 's focus on the state , apparently in response to GOP complaints , is further evidence that what 's happening in 2008 has as a lot in common with what happened in 2006 .
NM GOP Lawyer Pushing Voter Fraud : It 's " Single Greatest Wedge Issue Ever . "
But Rogers is no mere local player on the Republican voter fraud team .
He was on the board of the American Center for Voting Rights ( ACVR ) , a fake think - tank which was little more than an effort by GOP operatives to offer an intellectual gloss to politically motivated claims of voter fraud --- and which abruptly closed down operations in 2007 .
{ Ed. note : for more on the phony front group ACVR and it 's founder , GOP operative and counsel for Bush - Cheney ' 04 , Mark " Thor " Hearne , see our Special Coverage page here}
GOP lawyer refuses to deny private eye visits ALBUQUERQUE - Republican Party attorney Pat Rogers refused to say Thursday if a private detective who visited the addresses of two of the 10 Albuquerque voters cited at a news conference last week about voter fraud was working for the GOP .
Project Vote , a nonprofit that works with the community - organizing group ACORN , charged yesterday that the 10 voters are eligible voters and that the visits constitute voter intimidation .
The group called on U.S. Attorney Gregory J. Fouratt to investigate .
When asked by the New Mexico Independent if the private investigator worked for Rogers ' law firm , Rogers said , " I have no interest in responding to ACORN 's accusation . "
[...]
Guadalupe Bojorquez said a man who identified himself as a private investigator by the name of Al Romero visited the home of her 67 - year - old mother on Wednesday .
" She calls me and she 's panicked because there is this man outside and he 's telling her he's an investigator and he wants to come in to the house , " Bojorquez told NMI .
She said her mother then put the man on the phone .
" I asked him , but he would n't tell me who he worked for .
He just said he wanted to verify that she was a legitimate voter and he wanted to see her documents .
I told him ' No , ' and we argued for a little bit .
" He said ' You have to realize we 're just trying to protect the people , we just want to make sure that she 's a legitimate voter and if she votes and she 's not supposed to , then it 's illegal . '
" He was pressuring me so much that I told him that she 's not going to do anything until she speaks to her attorney . "
Bojorquez said she asked the man several times whom he worked for .
Eventually , she said , " He told me he worked for Pat Rogers . "
N.M. Common Cause : DOJ should investigate charges of GOP voter intimidation Common Cause New Mexico just announced that it is asking the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate charges of voter intimidation in New Mexico , after NMI reported that a private investigator hired by Republican Party of New Mexico attorney Pat Rogers made intimidating visits to voters in the June primary election .
Vote 2008 : Lawsuit challenges N.M. ballot count rules
But what exactly should count as a vote ?
That 's the question at the heart of a lawsuit filed against Secretary of State Mary Herrera by the New Mexico League of Women Voters .
The league says Herrera plans to apply too narrow a standard regarding ballots that will be hand - tallied in the Nov. 4 election .
And , the group wants the state Supreme Court as soon as possible to order Herrera to expand the steps that can be taken to determine voter intent .
[...]
" The purpose of this suit is to tie up a loose end in the administration of the statute governing the way votes are tallied by hand , " Katherine Campbell , president of the League of Women Voters of New Mexico , said in a statement .
" Our suit , assuming it 's successful , will ensure that an overly restrictive interpretation of the statute is not allowed to prevent the counting of a vote where the intent of the voter is clear , " she said .
Agreement Reached for Certain NM Felons To Vote [ AP ]
Civil rights groups and the secretary of state 's office have reached an agreement to ensure that felons who have completed all their probation or parole can vote in the general election .
A 2001 state law says people who have completed their sentence are to be reinstated onto the voter rolls .
However , the state has a backlog of such reinstatements for people whose voter rights had been restored .
The New Mexico Women 's Justice Project , the American Civil Liberties Union of New Mexico and Secretary of State Mary Herrera came up with an agreement to ensure those felons can vote .
Under it , Herrera will issue a directive allowing provisional ballots for people who state they have completed their sentences but who appear to be ineligible because of a felony conviction .
She also will direct county clerks to issue a letter to anyone who 's received a letter of rejection , clarifying that the person may vote on a provisional ballot , and will enter information into the computer for convicted felons who are now eligible to vote .
Block the Vote
Will the GOP 's campaign to deter new voters and discard Democratic ballots determine the next president ?
Will the GOP 's campaign to deter new voters and discard Democratic ballots determine the next president ?
These days , the old west rail hub of Las Vegas , New Mexico , is little more than a dusty economic dead zone amid a boneyard of bare mesas .
In national elections , the town overwhelmingly votes Democratic : More than 80 percent of all residents are Hispanic , and one in four lives below the poverty line .
On February 5th , the day of the Super Tuesday caucus , a school - bus driver named Paul Maez arrived at his local polling station to cast his ballot .
To his surprise , Maez found that his name had vanished from the list of registered voters , thanks to a statewide effort to deter fraudulent voting .
For Maez , the shock was especially acute :
He is the supervisor of elections in Las Vegas .
INDIANA
Story Not Over On Indiana Early Voting [ T ]he Indiana Supreme Court had declined to approve a Republican bid to halt early voting in three heavily Democratic cities in Lake County .
[...]
But it now looks like that 's not a certainty .
The Indiana Law Blog has just posted an order from the Court of Appeals , calling for an expedited briefing schedule and setting oral arguments from October 30th .
Appeals court to take up GOP effort in Indiana INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) - A divided Indiana Supreme Court on Friday rejected a effort by Republicans to shutter satellite early voting sites in three largely Democratic cities near Chicago , but an appeals court later agreed to expedite the case and set oral arguments for five days before the general election .
The state 's highest court , voting 3 - 2 , declined to grant a GOP request to rush its appeal of a special judge 's ruling this week that the voting centers in the Lake County cities of Gary , Hammond and East Chicago should remain open and that closing them could jeopardize residents ' right to vote .
But that left the matter with the Indiana Court of Appeals , which set oral arguments for Oct. 30 .
Regardless of how the court rules , the case likely will be appealed to the state Supreme Court .
[...]
Special Judge Diane Kavadias Schneider acknowledged in her ruling Wednesday that Lake County , next to Chicago , " has had a history of public corruption and voter fraud , " but that safeguards in place to fight fraud included a state law requiring voters to present photo identification and access to registration checks through a state voter database .
She said many residents of the three cities would be unable to travel to Crown Point to cast early ballots and would not have time to vote on Nov. 4 .
TENNESSEE
Tennesseans report voting problems
Record numbers of voters are casting ballots early , but not everyone is leaving the polls happy .
Tracey Hudson 's voting attempt at the Edmondson Pike Library ended with her in tears .
The machine malfunctioned and did n't let her see the ballot , but a poll worker told she had voted .
" I was robbed , " Hudson said Friday .
Hudson is one of at least a few Tennessee residents who have reported voting problems .
In East Tennessee 's Sullivan County , three or four voters noticed they had been given the wrong paper ballot , but got correct ones before they cast their vote , an official said .
She asked a poll worker for help , but the person insisted she had voted and told her to " move on . "
Patricia Earnhardt , voting at the Howard Office Building , where the Davidson County Election Commission is located , said she could n't get Obama 's name to light up .
She asked a poll worker for help , but when that person pressed it , Cynthia McKinney , an independent listed five lines lower , was selected , she said .
Obama 's name finally registered , but the vote button did n't work until the poll worker pressed it , Earnhardt said .
{ Ed. Note : Earnhardt is co-producer of the devastating documentary film , " Uncounted : The New Math of American Elections " , now scaring and inspiring audiences nationwide}
GEORGIA
10,000 absentee ballots in Gwinnett are flawed Gwinnett County elections officials will have to hand - copy votes from at least 10,000 absentee ballots onto new ballots that can be read by a machine .
The original ballots , designed to be filled out by hand , are flawed because of a printing error .
The circle beside the candidates name is too thick and somewhat misshapen , and consequently an optical scanning machine wont be able to read the votes on Election Day .
[...]
The printing mistake was not apparent to the naked eye , Ledford said .
The elections office will now have to transfer the votes from those 10,000 ballots onto new ballots so an optical scanning machine can read them , Ledford said .
If more of the flawed ballots come back , that number will increase .
[...]
The county has since reprinted 19,000 ballots to fix the problem .
But at least 10,000 absentee ballots have already been returned and more are coming in daily , said Joe Sorenson , a county spokesman .
County spokesman Joe Sorenson said correcting the errors could be complicated .
" [ Election workers ] are going to have to take the bad ballots , take a look at what each choice is , and mark that choice for the second ballot , " Sorenson said .
" There will be two sets of eyes on each ballot . "
Glitch Keeps Fulton Voters Waiting For Hours
Computers Lose Connection To State 's Database ATLANTA ---
Technical problems at several Fulton County polling places caused voting lines to grow long and tempers to grow short Wednesday evening .
Computers at the North Fulton Government Center and other county polling places lost their connection to the state 's database , officials told CBS 46's Joanna Massee .
That glitch created a big headache for election workers and long waits for voters .
" ( The worker ) said the machines were going down and coming back up and you could vote manually or come back tomorrow , " said voter Marlon Robinson .
But Robinson said he just wanted to finish what he came for .
" I 've already stood in line two and - a - half hours , so I was n't gong to back tomorrow , " Robinson said .
[...]
" We live in a country that can send a guy to the moon , but they can't get the computers up , so it 's very discouraging for me " said voter Quentin Cottrell .
Voting wait hits four - hour mark Lines for early voting have now reached almost four hours in some counties .
The queue to vote at the Gwinnett County elections office was between 3.5 and four hours Friday .
Theres more people out there today than there has been so far during early voting , and its pouring , said Gwinnett County spokesman Joe Sorenson .
In Cobb County , the line was a little under three hours Friday with about 200 people waiting under the building overhang , trying to avoid the rain .
Despite The Rain , Early Voters Still Out ATLANTA ---
Final preparations are taking place to open more polling places for advance voting which begins Monday .
The line at the Board of Elections office in Gwinnett County is still long despite the rainy weather and it's been that way since the office opened for early voting this morning .
The line has averaged more than three hours all day , but elections workers hope this is the last of it .
The lines should ease Monday when hundreds more election spots will open for advanced voting .
[...]
Gwinnett County will gain four more polling places .
Thousands of absentee ballots computer scanners can't recognize will have to be transferred by hand under heavy monitoring from state officials and the political parties .
OHIO
Group drops challenge to Ohio's voter - ID law [ AP ] COLUMBUS ---
Ohio's voter identification law will be in effect on Election Day .
Advocates for the homeless have dropped a federal lawsuit that challenged the law , which requires voters to show either a government - issued ID , such as a driver 's license , or some other form that shows a name and address , such as a utility bill .
The Northeast Ohio Coalition for the Homeless had argued that the law represented an unconstitutional poll tax .
They also were concerned that many homeless voters would be forced to vote on provisional ballots because many do n't have a valid ID .
An agreement reached today with Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner sets guidelines on how provisional ballots will be treated across all Ohio counties .
An Important Development in Ohio
But the most important part of this story is n't the headline , it is this : " An agreement reached today with Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner sets guidelines on how provisional ballots will be treated across all Ohio counties .
" An agreement reached today with Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner sets guidelines on how provisional ballots will be treated across all Ohio counties . "
[...]
I have to wonder how adversarial this process was at this point ; that is , the Secretary may have been looking for a good reason to get this directive out .
But in the event of post- election disputes over Ohio 's ballots , this document is going to be a key one .
Bush , Boehner Want DOJ to Look Into Ohio Voting Roll Call offers this important report ( $ ) , which begins : " President Bush is asking the Justice Department to look into whether 200,000 Buckeye State poll - goers must use provisional ballots on Election Day because their names do not match state databases . "
Wow .
Here is what I said earlier this week : " The idea that the DOJ would get involved in the Ohio election now to force Sec. Brunner to produce the mismatch list on voter fraud grounds seems remote .
The political uproar would be deafening . "
NATIONAL
Long lines , glitches reported during early voting ( CNN ) ---
In many states across the country , voting has begun , and in some cases , so have the headaches .
With the issues that marred the 2000 election singed into the electorate 's collective memory , the reports of problems are troubling signs for many who are skeptical of whether their votes will count .
Forty - two percent of those surveyed in a recent CNN / Opinion Research Corp.
poll said they were not confident that their votes could be " accurately cast and counted . "
That number is up 15 percentage points from a similar poll conducted four years ago .
The poll was conducted October 17 through October 19 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
As of Tuesday , 29 states were accepting early ballots , and election officials are reporting record turnouts .
Voting problems , ranging from computer glitches to long lines , have been reported in a few states .
Florida has switched to its third ballot system in the past three election cycles , and glitches associated with the transition are causing headaches and long lines , election officials said .
The state went back to using paper ballots this year after trying out touch screens .
" We 're having problems with the poll machines , " a voter in Jacksonville , Florida , told the CNN Voter Hotline .
" They 're not aligned correctly , so you 're not sure about which candidate you 're voting for , so they said they brought in 10 new machines as backup machines , but they 've corrected the issue . "
[...]
CNN's Brian
Todd reported that at least five voters in two West Virginia counties said they encountered the same problem .
State and local officials said that they were isolated cases and that poll workers fixed the problems so the correct vote was cast .
The machines were manufactured by an Omaha , Nebraska - based company , Election System and Software .
The machines will be used in several states this year and were among those that had problems in Ohio in 2004 .
The company said that it has inspected the machines in West Virginia and that no one there has cast an inaccurate vote .
The West Virginia secretary of state 's office said most of the problems occur because the machines are not calibrated properly .
Jeff Waybright , the Jackson County clerk , disagreed and said the problems reported there were probably the result of voter error .
" There are no problems with the machines as recalibrated , " West Virginia Secretary of State Betty Ireland said Wednesday , according to an Associated Press report .
" Touch - screen voting in West Virginia is accurate and secure . "
Ireland directed the state 's county clerks to recalibrate their machines each morning during the early voting period and on Election Day .
Justice Department Targets ACORN But Ignores GOP Voter Suppression
On the eve of the 2008 election , the Department leaks a FBI probe of ACORN but remains silent on widespread voter intimidation tactics .
With Election
Day less than two weeks away , proponents of more tightly regulating the voting process --- this time led by congressional Republicans --- have gotten their desired response from the nation 's guardian of civil rights ' laws : a FBI investigation into ACORN , the low - income advocacy coalition that registered 1.3 million new voters in 2008 .
Last week , two FBI officials told reporters an ACORN investigation was underway , violating Department rules for disclosing information on cases that could impact an election .
The Obama campaign 's response was to ask the Attorney General to include that leak in a special prosecutors ' investigation of the U.S. attorney firing scandal .
No response to that request has been forthcoming .
But more disturbing to civil rights attorneys is the Department 's silence on what voting rights lawyers say are myriad voter suppression tactics by partisans in the campaign 's final weeks .
These efforts include attempts by Republicans to disqualify legal voter registrations , unlawfully purge voters , threaten individual voters with polling place challenges , fabricate barriers to student voting and abuse prosecutorial authority by investigating 2008 's early voters .
Halloween is nearly upon us ... and there 's no better time to take a look at one of the most famous horror stories in literary history : Frankenstein !
In this two - part article , we 'll discover some truths ( and dispel some myths ) about Dr. Frankenstein and The Monster .
Yesterday , in Part I , we reviewed the story 's influence in movies , TV , music , and pop culture .
Today , in Part II , we 'll focus on Mary Shelley 's original novel .
THE BOOK :
Q : What event halfway around the world helped spawn Frankenstein ?
A : The eruption of Mount Tambora in present - day Indonesia .
The atmospheric dust the volcano spewed out blocked the Sun 's rays , resulting in unseasonably cold weather during the summer of 1816 .
Mary went to Switzerland along with poet ( and husband - to - be ) Percy Shelley that May , as houseguests of fellow poet Lord Byron .
Unable to enjoy outdoor activities due to the conditions , the group thought it would be fun to challenge each other to write the scariest ghost story imaginable .
While Percy and Byron abandoned the project early on , Mary was so struck by a nightmare she 'd had that she kept writing .
She finished the book the following year , and it was first published in 1818 .
Q : How did a book about the creation of a living being manage to escape the wrath of the religious ?
Lots more after the jump ...
A : Initially , the book was published anonymously .
The fact that it was dedicated to William Godwin led most to assume it had been written by Percy Shelley , his son - in - law .
Some people still believe that it was .
Even after the author 's identity was revealed , it would have been difficult to accuse her of heresy .
After all , the story came from a dream and was written with the obvious intent of being , well , spooky .
Plus , the perspective of the book was so twisted that it was a tale of a tale of a tale .
The content was compiled from letters written from Robert Walton to his sister , Margaret Saville .
These letters contained Walton 's recollections from the story he had been told verbally by Victor Frankenstein .
Who 's to say how the story changed in the translation , or if Dr. Frankenstein was just a madman with a vivid imagination ?
Or , perhaps it was Walton himself .
He reveals feelings of isolation and profound loneliness in his letters to his sister , so he could have written the story to give himself something to do .
Q : The book is subtitled The Modern Prometheus .
Why ?
And who 's Prometheus ?
A : It 's a reference to Prometheus Unbound : A Lyrical Drama in Four Acts , written in 1818 by Mary 's lover , Percy Bysshe Shelley .
His work was a reinvention of a long - lost , fifth - century BCE play by dramatist Aeschylus , known as " the father of Greek tragedy . " 
Now , to answer the question , Prometheus was a Greek mythological character " “ a Titan " “ who was said to have designed and created mortal humans .
He " borrowed "  fire from the gods and gave it to the humans to help them along .
This displeased Zeus , who chained the Titan to a rock where he was preyed upon by an eagle until Hercules came along to rescue him .
So " The Modern Prometheus "  referenced Dr. Frankenstein , who created his own human being .
Q : Does Shelley mention Charles Darwin in the book 's preface ?
A : No .
( He was born in 1809 , several years after the events in the book . )
The preface text reads : " The event on which this fiction is founded has been supposed " ¦ by Dr. Darwin " ¦ as not of the impossible occurrence . " 
But the reference here is to British physiologist Erasmus Darwin , Charles ' grandfather .
Although Charles ' work was inspired by Erasmus ' early writings on evolution , the elder Darwin approached the topic much more carefully , treading a line between fiction and non-fiction by penning some of his theories in prose and even poetry .
Q : Per Shelley 's novel , in what region of Europe is The Monster brought to life ?
A : No , not Transylvania .
Bavaria .
More specifically , in a lab at the University of Ingolstadt .
Frankenstein is set in the 1700s , according to the dates of the letters within .
An advanced laboratory was constructed near the college grounds in 1778 , which could well coincide with the novel 's timeline .
The school had been closed nearly 20 years when Shelley 's book was published in 1818 , giving her license to use it as the setting of the Monster 's creation ( and perhaps injecting a bit of reality into an otherwise quite unbelievable story ) .
Q : What character 's background was changed after the original publication of Frankenstein ?
A : Elizabeth Lavenza , Victor 's bride - to - be .
In the first printing , she was his first cousin ( the daughter of his father 's sister ) .
In 1831 , the text was revamped to introduce her as an Italian orphan who had been living with foster parents .
Victor 's mother found her in Milan , and was so enraptured by her that she took the child home as a " gift "  for Victor , who described her as " a distinct species , a being heaven - sent . "
The Frankenstein family adopted the girl .
Q : Who 's alive at the conclusion of Frankenstein : Dr. Victor Frankenstein or The Monster ?
A : The Monster .
Remorseful after the death of his creator , he leaves to lose himself in the frozen arctic wasteland .
His death is presumed , but not specified .
Q : In all , how many deaths was The Monster directly ( or indirectly ) responsible for ?
A : Six .
William Frankenstein ( Victor 's brother ) , Justine Moritz ( mistakenly executed for killing William ) , Henry Clerval ( Victor 's friend ) , Elizabeth Lavenza ( Victor 's fiancÃ©e ) , Alphonse Frankenstein ( Victor 's father , heartbroken over the recent deaths ) , and Victor .
And all but one of Victor 's sled dogs also perished in the arctic , worked to death in his vain attempt to catch up to The Monster .
Q : How tall is The Monster in the original book ?
A : Eight feet .
That means only one living man " “ Ukraine 's Leonid Stadnykm " “ could look down on him .
At eight feet , five inches tall ( and still growing ! ) , Stadnykm 's extreme height came about in a fashion similar to The Monster : under the knife of a surgeon .
He owes his extreme height to a brain operation he underwent as a teenager , which stimulated his pituitary gland and led to his incredible growth .
Q : And was he green , with bolts on his neck and such ?
A : No . Victor had designed the creature carefully , making sure the proportions were correct and that his features would be attractive .
But when he saw the living Monster for the first time , he was horrified , describing him as having yellowish eyes and long , flowing black hair .
Victor noted how his pearly - white teeth contrasted with his " shriveled complexion and straight black lips . " 
And the creature 's yellow skin " scarcely covered the work of muscles and arteries beneath . " 
-end -
The action packed sci- fi thriller involves a group of young American ex-pats with telekinetic and clairvoyant abilities , hiding from a clandestine U.S. government agency .
Watchers see images of the future and the titular Pushers are able to bend you to their will and place thoughts and impulses into your mind .
They must utilize their different talents and band together for a final job enabling them to escape the agency forever .
The first trailer for the “ ” starringandfrom directorhas been released .
“ Push ” is scheduled to hit theaters on February 6 , 2009 .
Quick Jump Daily Digest
Thank you for your interest in the Quick Jump Daily Digest .
Get notified of all new content on QJ .
Net in our free Daily Digest .
To receive our Daily Newsletter , you must first be a member of the QJ website .
Becoming a member is FREE and easy to do .
To get your membership , click here to sign - up If you are already a member , click here to log - in .
You can then click on " Newsletter Settings " to customize your daily digest experience .
Scientists have expressed genes from snapdragon in tomatoes to grow purple tomatoes high in health - protecting anthocyanins .
Anthocyanins are naturally occurring pigments found at particularly high levels in berries such as blackberry , cranberry and chokeberry .
Scientists are investigating ways to increase the levels of health - promoting compounds in more commonly eaten fruits and vegetables .
Anthocyanins offer protection against certain cancers , cardiovascular disease and age - related degenerative diseases .
There is evidence that anthocyanins also have anti-inflammatory activity , promote visual acuity and hinder obesity and diabetes .
Tomatoes already contain high levels of the antioxidant lycopene .
Highly processed tomatoes are the best source , or tomatoes cooked in a little oil , which helps to release the lycopene from cells .
Flavonoids meanwhile are soluble in water , and foods containing both water soluble and fat - dissolved antioxidants are considered to offer the best protection against disease .
Purple tomatoes high in anthocyanins “ Most people do not eat 5 portions of fruits and vegetables a day , but they can get more benefit from those they do eat if common fruit and veg can be developed that are higher in bioactive compounds , “ says Prof Cathie Martin from the John Innes Centre .
In this study the scientists expressed two genes from snapdragon that induce the production of anthocyanins in snapdragon flowers .
The genes were turned on in tomato fruit .
Anthocyanins accumulated in tomatoes at higher levels than anything previously reported for metabolic engineering in both the peel and flesh of the fruit .
The fruit are an intense purple colour .
The scientists tested whether these elevated levels actually had an effect on health .
In a pilot test , the lifespan of cancer - susceptible mice was significantly extended when their diet was supplemented with the purple tomatoes compared to supplementation with normal red tomatoes .
" This is one of the first examples of metabolic engineering that offers the potential to promote health through diet by reducing the impact of chronic disease , " says Professor Cathie Martin .
“ And certainly the first example of a GMO with a trait that really offers a potential benefit for all consumers .
The next step will be to take the preclinical data forward to human studies with volunteers to see if we can promote health through dietary preventive medicine strategies . ” EU funding was through two research projects to elucidate the contribution bioactive compounds in food can make to improving health through diet : ProFood ( http://profood.ipk-gatersleben.de/ ) , focused on improved antioxidant content for food applications and FLORA ( http://www.flora-flavonoids.eu/cms/ ) , focused on the effects of flavonoids and related phenolics on cardiovascular disease , stroke and cancer .
Article : ‘ Enrichment of tomato fruit with health - promoting anthocyanins by expression of select transcription factors ’ , Nature Biotechnology doi : 10.1038/nbt.1506
With Revenue and Customs paying an informant to expose secret accounts in the Liechtenstein tax haven , it might seem that the war on tax avoidance is gearing up .
But even if this results in recouping some of the £ 100 m in back taxes owed by the super - rich it is still a flea - bite considering that a TUC study a month ago found tax avoidance by Britain 's biggest companies and wealthiest individuals now amounts to £ 25 bn a year .
The Tax Justice Network has also recently documented that the wealthiest people in the world hold a staggering $ 11.5 trillions of assets in tax havens .
But what is novel in Britain is the way that wealth and power over the last decade have been consolidated in a tiny new class at the top .
They are epitomised by the egregious earnings of Stephen Schwarzman , chief executive of Blackstone private equity , who took home £ 200 m last year ( £ 3.85 m a week ) .
But that is only the extreme example of a new hyper - wealthy elite marked not only by extravagance of personal consumption , but also by a hold on economic and political power rarely if ever equalled in the past .
Britain now has five distinct classes .
The poor , conventionally defined as those with less than 60 % of median earnings , have to get by on less than £ 217 a week .
But included with them should be the 1.5 m people whose household incomes are no more than £ 10 above that , and constantly afflicted by insecurity .
Next come the largest class , those around the median income in Britain today of £ 23,600 ( or £ 454 a week ) .
This embraces a wide range of occupations from sales assistants and retail check - out ( £ 240 a week ) , through nursing assistants , secretarial , security work , plant and machine operatives , electrical and construction , civil service executive grades , sales reps , to nursing , police and fire service ( around £ 520 a week ) .
Mostly they are secure , though at the lower end they remain vulnerable to economic downturns or if housing equity turns negative , as it may well be about to do for several tens of thousands .
Then comes the comfortably off managerial and professional class .
Middle class is now too diffuse a term to be accurately descriptive , and would now be seen as including many in the previous category .
But the professional - managerial class includes those in teaching , health and engineering ( from £ 650 a week ) , through marketing and sales managers , production managers , up to corporate and senior management ( around £ 1,670 a week ) .
In the higher reaches of the income scale there has always been a rich class , which might be arbitrarily defined as the top 5 % .
Numbering 1.4 m , their income , according to the latest official Survey of Personal Incomes , averages £ 96,000 a year , with average investment income on top of that of £ 12,400 ( totalling therefore £ 2,085 a week ) .
Some might think , however , that the real rich category is confined to a much smaller group , say the top 1 % .
Their average earned income is now £ 220,000 a year plus £ 35,200 investment income , so they take home just over £ 4,900 a week .
However , a wholly distinct class has now developed at the very top end of the income scale which is entirely separate in the influence it wields through being embedded in the power structure at the highest levels .
Even this class , tiny though it is , contains a vast range .
At its lower end it starts from the top 0.1 % , numbering just under 30,000 persons , each with an average earned income of £ 754,000 plus £ 146,000 investment income a year ( just over £ 17,300 a week ) .
It then rises into the stratosphere .
The latest annual survey of the chief executives of the top 100 FTSE companies shows them taking home on average £ 2.8 m a year ( £ 53,485 a week ) .
But that is only the average in these ultra-select and powerful groups .
The top end , represented by the £ 27 m ( £ 519,230 a week ) paid to Bob Diamond of Barclays Capital , is seen by many as greed incorporated when living in the same society are those on a minimum wage of £ 198 a week .
A ratio between top and bottom incomes , which was less than 50:1 only 30 years ago , has now risen to 2,620:1 .
What is even more striking is that these Babylonian excesses are now locked in more closely than ever to the exercise of power .
In the last few years this has been exemplified by the rise of private equity .
Buying up large public companies with huge debt leverage , selling off the property portfolio to transfer the debt to the company , and cutting costs via large - scale redundancies is the economic and personal price paid by others to secure the 2 % annual management fee plus 20 % of the profits for the private equity partners under the so - called " carried interest " system from which they can extract £ 20 m or more apiece .
There are countless illustrations of this intertwining of wealth and power at the highest levels .
The taper relief loophole by which top executives pay tax at a lower rate than their office cleaners was closed in 2003 , but private equity was uniquely given exemption by the government .
Sir Ronald Cohen , a guru of private equity , remains a close friend of Gordon Brown , who has also just appointed Damon Buffini , boss of Permira which recently loaded AA and Debenhams with huge debts and job losses , to his new Business Council of Britain .
The indefensible non-domicile tax loophole , which benefits some 60,000 hyper - rich individuals with personal fortunes reckoned to total £ 126bn , has only survived intensive lobbying against it in the past because its beneficiaries persuaded Brown as Chancellor that the privileges of the City must be protected at all costs .
And the storm over cash for peerages further exposes just how far wealth now suborns the governing process in the hope of underhand reciprocal gain .
There is now increasingly a consensus , even among the well - off , that these excesses of power and wealth have gone too far .
There is even a substantial degree of cross-party support in the Commons that the tax asylum seekers slipping through the net via non-domicile tax status should be brought to book by ending this loophole .
The Treasury Select Committee recently reported that the taper relief concession for private equity buccaneers should be modified and " carried interest " treated for tax purposes as the income it clearly is .
As the credit crunch consequences bite ever deeper into the incomes , not only of the poorer half of the population , but also of not - so - wealthy Middle England , the cry against greed incorporated will get a lot louder .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
freaky !
my parrot does n't speak as much jibberish as that !
heheh
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:17 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:17 , Reply
KILL IT !
kill it this instant !
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:26 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:26 , Reply
it would only come alive again
like all decent servants of teh devil
( , Sat 25 Oct 2008 , 23:52 , ( , Sat 25 Oct 2008 , 23:52 , Reply
* bookmarks *
I feel a remix coming on ;)
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:26 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:26 , Reply
aphex twin
anybody ?
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:39 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:39 , Reply
And that 's how you discover you talk in your sleep ...
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:45 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 12:45 , Reply
12 seconds in
sounds like it 's saying " This little bird is creepy "
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 14:58 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 14:58 , Reply
37 seconds
" Please dont use it there "
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 15:57 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 15:57 , Reply
Starlings are quite intelligent , and are natural mimics .
Not as clever as crows , but getting there .
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 16:22 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 16:22 , Reply
I disbelieve this video's realness !
Agree ?
( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 18:23 , ( , Mon 20 Oct 2008 , 18:23 , Reply
i agree
fake
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 12:38 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 12:38 , Reply
Max / MSP / Jitter ?
Or just somebody fucking about with a Dictaphone ?
Dick2 Fone .
Dickter .
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:51 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:51 , Reply
Why is it
saying that it hates Demarr near the end of the vid ?
What does the bird have against this Demarr ?
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:12 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:12 , Reply
sounds like its got a bit too much of an accent
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:34 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:34 , Reply
There used to be
a starling that lived outside Mr Bins house in the 80's that could do a perfect imitation of the game over sound from Pacland .
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 18:13 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 18:13 , Reply
I was thinking that it sounded like a cross between marge simpson and that message from the future in prince of darkness
and then i heard it say " 23rd century "
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
v
v
v
vAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 19:04 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 19:04 , Reply
haha , terrifying
0:50 " you 'd best give me some more "
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 19:33 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 19:33 , Reply
Sounded to me me more like
" My breasts are gonna be sore "
( , Sun 26 Oct 2008 , 22:30 , ( , Sun 26 Oct 2008 , 22:30 , Reply
Reminded me ...
... of Keops from " Battle of the Planets " .
Or whatever his name was .
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 20:51 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 20:51 , Reply
Interesting ...
So this starling is indoors , I assume that it has been reared from a chick ?
If so , this shows that starlings learn their songs from their parents .
In this case , the parents are humans , so it 's trying to imitate them .
It would also seem that starlings are not able to reproduce human sounds as well as a parrot .
That said , the sounds this starling is creating are quite creepy .
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 22:40 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 22:40 , Reply
Damn birds !
I bet it was summoning some hell spawn thing .
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 23:30 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 23:30 , Reply
hello
metafilter
( , Sat 1 Nov 2008 , 0:40 , ( , Sat 1 Nov 2008 , 0:40 , Reply
DIGG THIS
Americans will decide next week whether the next president will be a socialist or a national socialist .
Lest you think I exaggerate , consider McCain ’ campaign theme of " country first " before everything else — your private life , your job , your children , your education , your marriage , everything .
Ask yourself how this differs from the philosophy of German fascism , which preached " the common good comes before the private good " ( see Paul Lensch , Three Years of World Revolution ) .
Or consider the fact that McCain supported the Wall Street Plutocrat Bailout Bill .
A defining characteristic of fascism was that all profits were private , but losses were socialized .
And oh yes , military imperialism ( a.k.a. , " national greatness conservatism " ) and a dictatorial executive were also key features of European fascism .
Recall that McCain promised that if elected ( paraphrasing ) , " I will order the Secretary of the Treasury to buy up all of the foreclosed mortgages . "
Is that really a part of the delegated powers in Article I , Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution ?
Then there is Comrade Obama , who has announced that he wants to " change the world " by " spreading the wealth . "
Did n’t Marx and Engels say the same thing in 1848 ?
As is well known , Obama has long had a close association with ACORN , the far - left political organization that employed him as its legal counsel in Chicago .
It is ACORN - style " community organizing " that Obama claims is his political forte and qualification for running for president .
He boasts of having worked with ACORN to register tens of thousands of new voters and has defended the organization against all critics .
It is safe to assume that there must be a congruence of interests between Obama and ACORN .
So the question becomes , what does ACORN ( and by implication , Obama ) stand for politically and philosophically ?
It so happens that I researched and wrote about ACORN over twenty years ago when I co-authored a book and numerous articles on the subject of " tax - funded politics , " i.e. , the ( illegal ) granting of tax dollars to " nonprofit " organizations to fund political activities .
ACORN was receiving single grants from the federal government in the half million dollar range as far back as the 1970s .
And what was ACORN doing with your hard - earned tax dollars ?
According to the 1983 ACORN Members Handbook , " We will continue our fight until the American way is just one way , until we have shared the wealth . . . our freedom shall be based on the equality of the many . . . "
Socialism , in other words .
The Handbook published a very communistic - sounding " Peoples ’ Platform . "
With regard to the energy industry , nationalization was recommended in order to " put people before profits , " one of the oldest of Marxist slogans .
The Marxists never understood that in the free market the only way a business could earn profits was to serve its customers .
All of the public utilities should also be nationalized according to ACORN , so that the prices of electricity , natural gas , etc. could be determined politically according to " social considerations . "
Nor would there be any discontinuation of service for nonpayment , said the ACORN Handbook , which begs the question , " why would anyone pay their bills under such a standard ? "
Price controls would be the order of the day for industries that were not nationalized , and the " health care plank " of the " People ’s Platform " called for socialized health care .
All hospitals would be managed by " democratically elected community - based committees . "
" Throw doctors and hospital administrators off the boards of directors , and replace them with a low and moderate income majority , " demands the People ’s Platform .
Can you think of a better way to totally destroy health care in America ?
The housing industry would also be subjected to the ruinous policies of price controls and prohibitions of evictions of tenants who failed to pay their rent .
Welfare indexed for inflation would be part of " the rights of workers " when out of work , as would a " guaranteed minimum family income . "
Corporations would be required to have low - income rabble on their boards of directors to give " the people " a " voice . "
In short , ACORN has always advocated nothing short of the destruction of American capitalism and its replacement by the dumbest and most destructive forms of socialism .
For years , it made millions for itself by " challenging " bank mergers and branch expansions , as allowed for by the 1977 Community Reinvestment Act .
In return for millions in donations and promises to make millions more in sub-prime loans to unqualified borrowers ( i.e. , " the people " referred to in " The Peoples ’ Platform " ) , ACORN would withdraw its protests ( usually administered by the Fed ) and the banks would be permitted by the Fed to carry out their plans .
ACORN worked diligently for three decades to force mortgage lenders , though this policy of legalized extortion , to make bad loans to unqualified borrowers .
And their defenders , like Obama , claim that the Community Reinvestment Act and all of the " community organizations " that it empowered had nothing to do with the sub - prime crisis .
It was all caused by " greed , " they tell us .
Have we really become a nation of morons ?
So here ’s your choice on election day : McMussolini ( as Ilana Mercer calls him ) or ObaMarx .
Take your pick .
Or do the patriotic thing and stay home .
Do n’t vote .
It only gives them a reason to claim that " the people have spoken " and that they have a " mandate " to ruin our country .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
Well , as much as I ’d hate to start this blog off on a bad note … here I go ( I ’ve never been much of a sunny person to begin with , I ’m more of a # SadBoy .
So this post is pretty on brand ) .
The past few weeks have been a little bit of a nightmare .
I now understand why they say that when it rains it pours … because it sure does pour .
I ’m finally out of the dorms this year , I know that this should be cause for celebration … however I ’ve managed to land myself the worst possible roommate .
For privacy ’s sake , let ’s call her Terrible Tina ( TT ) .
In a college town you have to sign a lease literally a year in advance – some of you may be familiar with this especially if there ’s a particularly desirable area to live in your college town .
I had n’t really gotten to know TT for the amount of time that one would consider appropriate before signing a lease together .
All my other friends had paired up and found houses around town … and here I am , high and dry and left with one option : TT .
Who , might I add , did n’t start showing her terrible side until more recently .
The girl is just … weird .
Her good qualities seem like they ’d be great and then they just get too intense or take a turn for the worst .
For example , she ’s a vegetarian ( like me ! woo ! ) but she ’s a terrible one .
She does n’t eat anything that has any remotely good health benefits .
Her diet is primarily microwavable mac and cheese and instant mash potatoes …
I shudder to think of how clogged her arteries are .
Because she has terrible eating habits she gave herself some sort of stomach disease .
And not in the way you might think …
During her freshman year ( and what must have been her first time exposed to hard liquor ) she managed too drink so much vodka it basically sterilized the inside of her stomach … which is n’t good when you consider that your stomach is an ecosystem of good bacteria and flora .
She basically was n’t eating enough to put enough of a barrier between her stomach and the liquor .
So her trips to the one bathroom in the apartment are long , complicated , and often interrupt my morning routine .
On top of the girl in the room next door being a total nightmare , it seems that all of our neighbors either never sleep or just ca n’t without the sweet sound of blaring EDM every single weeknight .
I get tired after 15 minutes at a party , I have no idea how someone could willingly listen to that kind of music much less at two in the morning on a Tuesday .
Plus , I think that one of the people I live adjacent to was straight up throwing another person around the apartment … so I hid in the bathroom and called the police out of pure fear that I was next ( it probably does n’t help that I ’ve been spending a lot of time watching Law and Order SVU late at night … )
All in all , it ’s been a rough first week at this apartment .
Hopefully , things will improve !
NASHVILLE , Tennessee ( CNN ) --
Just hours before the start of the second presidential debate , a new national survey suggests that Sen.
Barack Obama is making gains among Americans as a compassionate candidate .
A new poll out Tuesday shows Sen. Barack Obama as a more compassionate politician .
That could be important in the debate in Nashville , which is a town hall - style meeting with the candidates fielding questions from undecided voters in the audience .
In a new CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll out Tuesday afternoon , 55 percent of registered voters questioned say that Obama " cares more about people like you " than Sen.
John McCain , with 35 percent saying McCain cares more than Obama .
That 20 - point margin for Obama is up from a 9 - point advantage a month ago .
" The all - time champion of town - hall debates was Bill Clinton because he was able to connect with the audience members so well , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland .
" Voters nationwide seem to feel some connection with Obama .
The question is whether he 'll connect with the people at the debate tonight .
John McCain has a pretty good track record at town halls , and it 's possible that he will be the one who looks more compassionate . "
Obama also appears to be building a lead as the candidate with the clearer plan to solve the country 's problems .
He has a 15 - point lead over McCain on that question in the poll , 48 percent to 33 percent .
Last month , McCain had a 2 - point advantage over Obama on the topic of having a clearer plan .
" Debate watchers -- particularly moderates and independents -- tend to look for specifics , " Holland said .
" Both candidates will probably want to play into that expectation . "
Obama 's also making gains on being a strong and decisive leader .
A 19 - point McCain advantage early last month has now shrunk to a 5 - point lead .
But on the question of who has the better experience to be president , McCain still has a big lead over his rival , 54 percent to 36 percent .
On the issues , voters now think Obama would better handle the war in Iraq than McCain , 51 percent to 46 percent .
That 's a difference from our last poll .
" Voters agree with McCain that things are going well for the U.S. in Iraq .
That 's a switch since April , when we last asked that question , " Holland said .
" But voters also agree with Obama that the war was a bad idea -- and they have n't changed their minds on that in almost four years . "
" Iraq may be doing better , but we 're not .
Guess which matters more to voters , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider .
Among voters , Obama also leads on who would better handle the economy , 57 percent to 37 percent ; a financial crisis , 53 percent to 36 percent ; and health care , 60 percent to 33 percent .
McCain leads on the issue of terrorism , 54 percent to 44 percent .
Watch more on the candidates and the economic crisis »
Obama 's favorable rating among those questioned in the poll is 62 percent , down one percentage point from three weeks ago .
McCain 's favorable rating is 54 percent , down three points from three weeks ago .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,006 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's margin of error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for some questions and plus or minus 4.5 percentage points for others .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
“ The tax collectors and prostitutes are going into the kingdom of God ahead of you . ” — Matthew 21:31
Follow the Lectionary
SOSEScript : global - var.php5 failed executing with the following error : Error on line 204 position 1 : Undefined variable : BIMVid_id_1
Error on line 205 position 1 : Undefined variable : BIMVid_thumbnail_1
Error on line 206 position 1 : Undefined variable : Slideshow_Pro_id
Error on line 207 position 1 : Undefined variable : iframe_no_rail Error on line 208 position 1 : Undefined variable : position_description Error on line 209 position 1 : Undefined variable : Profile_Default
Gallup Daily : Obama ’s Lead Widens Some on All Bases Advances to 8 - point lead among “ traditional likely voters ”
PRINCETON , NJ --
The political landscape could be improving for Barack Obama in the waning days of the campaign .
Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Oct. 28-30 shows him with an eight percentage point lead over John McCain among traditional likely voters -- 51 % to 43 % -- his largest margin to date using this historical Gallup Poll voter model .
Since Tuesday , McCain 's support among traditional likely voters has dropped by four points ( from 47 % to 43 % ) , Obama 's has risen by two points ( from 49 % to 51 % ) , and the percentage of undecided voters has increased from 4 % to 6 % .
Thursday night 's interviews are the first conducted entirely after Obama 's widely viewed 30 - minute prime - time campaign ad , which ran on several television networks Wednesday evening .
Obama held a substantial lead over McCain in last night 's polling , however no greater than what Gallup found on Wednesday .
Obama 's lead among expanded likely voters is only slightly greater than that seen among traditional likely voters .
He now leads McCain by nine - points , 52 % to 43 % , using this looser definition that does not factor in whether respondents have voted in past elections , but strictly relies on their reported level of interest and intention to vote in the 2008 election .
Obama 's current 11 - point lead over McCain among all registered voters -- 52 % to 41 % -- is up from an eight - point lead in yesterday 's report , and ties his highest advantage on this basis , last recorded 10 days ago .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Obama 's favorable position among traditional likely voters in the latest polling is partially reflective of his strong position among all registered voters .
However , at other times when Obama has led McCain by 11 - points among registered voters , his likely voter advantage has been lower than it is now , in the five - to seven - point range .
Thus , Obama 's improved likely voter standing also reflects a higher turnout propensity for his supporters than what Gallup has seen at earlier times this month .
This could stem from the superiority his well - funded campaign appears to have over the McCain campaign in contacting his supporters to get out and vote .
-- Lydia Saad
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 28 - 30 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,825 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Results based on " traditional " likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention and past voting behavior ) include interviews with 2,116 voters , and assume a turnout of 60 % of national adults .
The likely voter sample is weighted to match this turnout assumption , so the weighted sample size is 1,844 .
The associated maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
For results based on the sample of 2,459 " expanded " likely voters ( based on the model taking into account current voting intention only ) , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
The expanded likely voter model does not make any assumptions about turnout level .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
When the goon squad showed up at his place at five in the morning , Tommy Silverstein knew something was up .
He was n't accustomed to greeting guests at such an ungodly hour — much less a team of corrections officers , helmeted and suited up for action .
In fact , Silverstein was n't used to company at any hour .
His home was a remote cell , known as the Silverstein Suite , in the special housing unit of the federal penitentiary at Leavenworth , Kansas .
He 'd been cut off from other inmates and all but a few emissaries from the outside world for more than two decades .
He stayed in the Silverstein Suite 23 hours a day .
His interactions with staff typically amounted to some tight - lipped turnkey delivering his food through a slot in the cell door .
The only change of scenery came when an electronic door slid open , allowing him an hour 's solitary exercise in an adjoining recreation cage .
Visitors were rarely permitted , and entire years had gone by during which he never left the cell .
But this day was different .
Silverstein could think of only a couple of reasons why so many well - padded , well - equipped officers would be at his door , ordering him to strip for a search .
Cell shakedown ?
Time for a game of hockey , with Tommy as the puck ?
No , that was a captain leading the squad .
Something big .
A transfer .
So it came to pass that on July 12 , 2005 , U.S. Bureau of Prisons inmate # 14634-116 left his cage in Kansas for one in Colorado .
Security for the move was tighter than Borat 's Speedo — about what you 'd expect for a former Aryan Brotherhood leader convicted of killing four men behind prison walls .
( One conviction was later overturned ; Silverstein disputes the second slaying but admits the other two . )
The object of all this fuss did n't mind the goon squad .
He was enjoying the view — and hoping that the move signaled the end to his eight - thousand - plus days of solitary confinement .
Maybe , just maybe , his decades of uneventful good behavior had paid off .
" They said for me to keep my nose clean , and maybe one day it'd happen , " he recalled recently .
" So I foolishly thought this was it .
If you saw me in that van , you 'd think I was Disneyland - bound , smiling all the way . "
But the smile vanished after Silverstein reached his destination : the U.S. Penitentiary Administrative Maximum , better known as ADX .
Located two miles outside of the high - desert town of Florence , ADX is the most secure prison in the country , a hunkered - down maze of locks , alarms and electronic surveillance , designed to house gang leaders , terrorists , drug lords and other high - risk prisoners in profound isolation .
Its current guest list is a who's who of enemies of the state , including Unabomber Ted Kaczynski , shoe bomber Richard Reid , plane bomber Dandenis Muñoz Mosquera , abortion clinic bomber Eric Rudolph and double - agent Robert Hanssen .
When it opened in 1994 , ADX was hailed as the solution to security flaws at even the highest levels of the federal prison system .
Much of the justification for building the place stemmed from official outrage at the brutal murders of two guards in the control unit of the federal pen in Marion , Illinois , during a single 24 - hour period in 1983 .
The first of those killings was committed by Thomas Silverstein , who was already facing multiple life sentences for previous bloodshed at Marion .
The slaying of corrections officer Merle Clutts placed Silverstein under a " no human contact " order that 's prevailed ever since , and it gave the Bureau of Prisons the perfect rationale for building its high - tech supermax .
Although he never bunked there until 2005 , you could call ADX the House that Tommy Built .
What greeted Silverstein two years ago was nothing like Disneyland .
His hosts hustled him down long , sterile corridors with gleaming black - and - white checkerboard floors that reminded him of A Clockwork Orange or some other cinematic acid trip .
One set of doors , then another and another , until he finally arrived at the ass- end of Z Unit , on a special range with only four cells , each double - doored .
His new home was less than half the size of the Silverstein Suite and consisted of a steel slab with a thin mattress , a steel stool and desk , a steel sink - and - toilet combination , a steel shower and a small black - and - white TV .
Stripped of most of his small store of personal belongings , Silverstein had little to do besides take stock of his eighty - square - foot digs .
The Silverstein Suite was a penthouse at the Plaza compared to this place .
There were steel rings on the sides of the bed platform , ready for " four - pointing " difficult inmates .
A camera mounted on the ceiling to record his every move .
If he stood on the stool and peered out the heavily meshed window , he could get a glimpse of a concrete recreation cage and something like sky .
So this was his reward for all those years of following the rules — 24 - hour surveillance in his own desolate corner of the Alcatraz of the Rockies .
He was no longer simply in the belly of the beast .
He was , he would later write , " stuck in its bowels , with no end / exit in sight . "
The double doors muffled sound from outside .
But over time , Silverstein realized that there was one other prisoner on the range .
He shouted greetings .
The man shouted back .
He asked the man how long he'd been in the unit .
Four years , the man said .
Silverstein told the man his name .
His neighbor introduced himself : Yousef .
Ramzi Yousef .
Convicted of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , the one that killed six people and injured a thousand .
Nephew of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the al - Qaeda leader who recently confessed to planning that failed effort to bring down the towers as well as the 9/11 attacks .
His keepers had put Silverstein in the beast 's bowels , all right — right next to the one man in the entire federal system more loathed than he was .
Still , it was somebody to talk to .
Shouting to Yousef was the first conversation with another inmate that Silverstein had managed in almost twenty years .
But talking was n't allowed .
Within days , a new barrier was erected in the corridor outside his cell , preventing any further communication between the two residents of the range .
Inmate # 14634-116's transfer to ADX was now complete .
Entombed , Terrible Tommy was alone again .
Naturally .
In the late 1980s , Pete Earley , a former Washington Post reporter , persuaded Bureau of Prison officials to grant him an unprecedented degree of access to inmates and staff at the Leavenworth penitentiary .
Earley was allowed to walk the yard without an escort , to interview inmates without official monitoring , to talk candidly with veteran corrections officers about the dangers and frustrations of their work .
The resulting book , The Hot House : Life Inside Leavenworth Prison , is one of the most vivid works of prison reportage ever published .
Among several unsettling portraits of career criminals and their keepers , the most memorable character is probably one Thomas Silverstein , who was then being housed , a la Hannibal Lecter , in a zoo - like cage in Leavenworth 's basement , where the fluorescent lights stayed on around the clock to make it easier to watch him .
Wild - haired and bearded — the BOP would not allow him a razor or a comb — Silverstein spent hours talking into Earley 's tape recorder , describing his violent past and the petty torments he claimed the guards were putting him through in an effort to drive him insane .
Earley 's book made Leavenworth 's dungeon monster seem not only rational but quite possibly human .
Granting a journalist unfettered access to him was a public relations blunder the BOP has been unwilling to repeat .
Silverstein has n't been allowed to have a face - to - face interview with a reporter for the past fifteen years .
When Westword recently asked to visit him , ADX warden Ron Wiley promptly denied the request , citing " continued security concerns . "
But then , Wiley and his predecessors have n't let any journalist inside ADX to interview any inmate since 2001 because of " continued security concerns " ( see related story ) .
Although he readily agreed to an interview with Westword , Silverstein is n't a huge fan of the press , either .
He remains friendly with Earley , but he 's learned to be wary of hit - and - run tabloid writers following in his wake , eager to write about " the most dangerous prisoner in America . "
Most of what the outside world knows about him , if it pays any attention at all , is the fragmentary image presented in The Hot House ; he 's a captive of his own legend , like some prehistoric insect trapped in amber .
His letters seethe with contempt for lazy " plagiarists " who have simply appropriated snatches of Earley 's account as well as for those who 've produced long magazine pieces or cheeseball cable programs about the Aryan Brotherhood that largely rely on the lurid tales of government snitches .
" For some odd reason the media pees when Master snaps his fingers , " he wrote recently .
" I would n't call 'em ' mainstream ' any more cuz there is n't anything mainstream about 'em .
They 're just lackeys for the powers that be . "
Silverstein's response to the " injurious lies " spread about him has been to launch his own information campaign at www.tommysilverstein.com.
That 's right —
America 's most solitary prisoner , a man who 's been inside since before the personal computer was invented and has never been allowed near one , has his own website , maintained by outside supporters who forward messages to him and post his responses .
" He 's got a pretty impressive network , " says Terry Rearick , a California private investigator who has communicated with Silverstein by letter and phone over several years .
After the two lost touch for a time , Rearick got a call from a woman in England on Silverstein 's behalf .
The same woman posts regularly on the website , where Silverstein himself duels at length with his detractors .
( A similarly heated debate has ignited over the wording of Silverstein 's entry on Wikipedia ; his defenders and his critics alternately revise the account to suit their competing versions of his crimes . )
Some visitors to his site dismiss him as a textbook psychopath .
But Silverstein contends that if people understood the grim context in which the killings at Marion took place , the snitch games and psychological warfare and organized violence of prison life , they would n't be so quick to demonize him .
It 's a strangely disconnected argument — a garbled dialogue between cultures on different planets .
Most of the visitors to his website know little about Silverstein 's world , just as he knows little about theirs .
He 's been in prison for the past 32 years , and much of what he 's learned about life on the street since he was put in solitary in 1983 has come from reading or watching television .
No American prisoner , not even Robert Stroud , the Birdman of Alcatraz , has ever been condemned to such a walled - off existence for such a long period of time .
Many of Stroud 's years of solitary confinement were spent in relative ease at Leavenworth ; he had not only frequent visitors , but also a full - time secretary .
Even his seventeen - year stretch in Alcatraz allowed for much more daily communication with others than Silverstein has had .
" I 'm amazed that he 's not stark , raving mad , " says Paul Wright , the editor of Prison Legal News , who 's corresponded with Silverstein for years and published some of his writing .
" He 's been in total isolation for almost 25 years .
The only people I can think of that have been held in anything remotely like this in modern times are some of the North Korean spies held in South Korea . "
Yet the no-contact conditions imposed on Silverstein are becoming less unique by the day .
There are now 31 supermax prisons in the country , with more under construction , including Colorado's own 948 - bed sequel to the current state supermax , known as Colorado State Penitentiary II .
They are costly on several levels — the operational expense per cell can be double that of a less - secure prison , and the rate of mental illness in solitary confinement far exceeds that of the general prison population — but lockdown prisons are all the rage with a vengeful public .
Increasingly , they are being used not for short - term punishment ( disciplinary segregation ) but for long - term confinement of hard - to - manage inmates ( administrative segregation ) , whose privileges keep shrinking .
Colorado , for example , no longer allows journalists to interview its supermax inmates except by mail .
" The phenomenon is disturbingly common , " says David Fathi , a staff attorney for the ACLU 's National Prison Project .
" If it 's disciplinary confinement , it 's finite — when you 're done , you 're done .
But with administrative segregation , there 's a real lack of transparency about what a prisoner can do to earn his way out . "
In the federal system , the past decade has seen the rise of " special administrative measures , " or SAMs , which are imposed on terrorists or other inmates whose communications with the outside world " could result in death or serious bodily injury to persons . "
There are now at least two dozen SAMs cases in federal prisons , including Yousef and Zacarias Moussaoui , whose access to mail , phone calls , media interviews or other visits are extremely limited or banned outright .
At present the restrictions must be approved by the U.S. Attorney General , but the Bush administration is considering changes that would allow wardens at ADX or other high - security prisons to designate inmates as terror threats and thus ban them from all media contact — even if they have n't been convicted on terrorism charges yet , Fathi notes .
Silverstein is n't a SAMs case .
He still has his website and his mail ( although he claims it 's frequently withheld or " messed with " in other ways ) .
But he may be the prototype of what the government has in mind for other infamous prisoners — to bury them in strata of supermax security to the point of oblivion .
Responding in letters to questions about the psychological impact of his isolation , Silverstein struggles to find the right words .
" Trying to explain it is like trying to explain what an endless toothache feels like , " he writes .
" I wish I could paint what it 's like . "
In an article a few years ago , he called solitary confinement " a slow constant peeling of the skin , stripping of the flesh , the nerve - wracking sound of water dripping from a leaky faucet in the still of the night while you 're trying to sleep .
Drip , drip , drip , the minutes , hours , days , weeks , months , years , constantly drip away with no end or relief in sight . "
In a Darwinian world , predators have to adapt or die , just like their prey .
Tommy Silverstein arrived in the federal prison system at a critical phase of its evolution , when the number of inmate assaults on other inmates and staff was rising sharply and officials were looking at the idea of control units as a way to neutralize the growing threat posed by prison gangs .
Silverstein quickly became a symbol of the problem — and the inadequacy of the proposed solution .
It 's not a stretch to say that the Marion control unit helped to make him what he became , just as the mayhem that erupted there helped to reshape the American prison system .
Before he reached the nether regions of the BOP , Silverstein 's criminal career had been thoroughly unremarkable .
Born in 1952 in California , he 'd grown up in a middle - class neighborhood in Long Beach , but he was bullied by other kids who thought he was Jewish .
( According to The Hot House , Silverstein 's biological father was a man named Thomas Conway , whom his mother divorced when Tommy was four years old ; she later married a man named Silverstein . )
As a teenager , he ripped off houses for money to buy drugs ; his sister , Sydney McMurray , says he was battling a heroin addiction and problems with his volatile , controlling mother .
" We were taught never to throw the first punch , but never to walk away from a fight , " McMurray recalls .
" My brother started getting into trouble because he was running away from a violent environment at home .
Then he got into drugs , and he became a brother I never knew . "
At nineteen , Silverstein landed in San Quentin for armed robbery .
Paroled , he was soon arrested again for series of robberies — pulled with Conway and another relative — that yielded less than $ 1,400 .
This time , he went into the federal system on a fifteen - year jolt .
He was 23 years old , and his life on the streets was already over .
At Leavenworth Silverstein became closely associated with Aryan Brotherhood members who allegedly controlled the heroin trade inside the prison — close enough that when convict Danny Atwell was found stabbed to death , supposedly because he'd refused to be a mule for the heroin business , Silverstein and two other AB members were charged with the murder .
In 1980 , he was convicted at trial on the basis of shifting testimony from other inmates and sentenced to life in prison .
A federal appeals court later ruled that much of the testimony should never have been allowed and threw out the conviction .
But by that time , Silverstein was in the Marion penitentiary and facing more murder charges .
Marion opened in 1963 , the same year that Alcatraz closed .
It was intended to be not just a replacement for the Rock but an improvement , with a more open design and modern rehabilitation programs .
Yet by the late 1970s , it had the most restrictive segregation unit in the BOP ; not coincidentally , it was also the most violent prison in America , a dumping ground for gang leaders and crazies .
Between 1979 and 1983 , the prison logged 81 inmate assaults on other inmates and 44 on staff ; 13 prisoners were killed .
BOP reports issued in 1979 and 1981 proposed turning the entire facility into a " closed - unit operation . "
Confined to a one - man cell in the control unit 23 hours a day , Silverstein says he spent much of his time learning how to draw and paint .
" I could hardly read , write or draw when I first fell , " he explains .
" But most of us lifers are down for so long and have so much time to kill that we actually fool around and discover our niche in life , often in ways we never even dreamt possible on the streets .
We not only find our niche , we excel . "
Prison officials worried that Silverstein was finding his niche in other areas , too .
Long - simmering disputes between white and black gangs had a way of coming to a boil in the control unit .
In 1981 , D.C. Blacks member Robert Chappelle was found dead in his cell .
He 'd apparently been sleeping with his head close to the bars and had been strangled with a wire slipped around his neck , plied by someone exercising on the tier .
Silverstein and another convicted killer , Clayton Fountain , received life sentences for the crime ; inmates who testified for the prosecution claimed the two had boasted of it .
Silverstein has always denied killing Chappelle .
( Another inmate later claimed to have done the deed , but investigators found his confession at odds with the facts . )
Yet even if he had n't been convicted in court , the suspicion that he was responsible was sufficient to trigger more violence .
Shortly after the slaying , the BOP saw fit to transfer one of Chappelle 's closest friends , D.C. Blacks leader Raymond " Cadillac " Smith , to the Marion control unit from another prison .
Within days , Smith had tried to stab Silverstein and shoot him with a zip gun .
Silverstein and Fountain responded by cutting their way out of an exercise cage with a piece of hacksaw blade and paying a visit to Smith while he was in the shower .
Smith was stabbed 67 times , in what Silverstein still describes as an act of convict self - defense .
" Everyone knew what was going on and no one did anything to keep us apart , " he told Earley .
" The guards wanted one of us to kill the other . "
At the time , there was no federal death penalty for inmate homicides — and not much the system could do to Silverstein , who was already serving multiple life sentences in the worst unit of the worst prison the BOP had to offer .
But some staffers , concerned about Silverstein 's outsized rep among white inmates , apparently did their best to keep him in check .
In the months that followed Cadillac 's death , Silverstein began to regard Officer Merle Clutts , a bull - headed regular of the control unit , as his chief tormentor .
Silverstein has given different explanations about what Clutts did to deserve such attention .
Clutts trashed his cell during shakedowns and withheld mail ; he smudged his artwork and taunted him ; he even tried to set him up for attack by other inmates , Silverstein has suggested .
Silverstein claims he told Earley " the whole story , " but only pieces made it into The Hot House .
Earley wo n't comment , saying he no longer discusses Silverstein with other reporters because of past misunderstandings .
The BOP has denied that Clutts harassed Silverstein .
Whatever the source of the feud might have been , there 's no question that Silverstein became fixated on Clutts .
One study by Harvard psychiatrist Stuart Grassian suggests that prisoners in control units sometimes experience " the emergence of primitive , aggressive fantasies of revenge , torture , and mutilation " of the guards who watch over them .
Silverstein thought about Clutts , and he thought about the difficulties involved in getting to his enemy when he was allowed out of his cell only one hour a day , shackled , escorted by three guards .
Locked down for life , he had a mountain of time to consider the problem .
One day in solitary is pretty much like another .
Prisoners have different strategies for filling up their days , but there are always more days to come .
In his cell at Florence , 54 - year - old Tom Silverstein usually rises before dawn , catches up on letters and reads , waiting for the grand event that is the delivery of his breakfast .
He goes to rec for an hour , comes back to the grand event that is lunch , showers and cleans his cell .
Time for some channel - flipping on the small black - and - white TV , in search of something fresh amid the religious chatter and educational programs he 's watched over and over .
More reading , some yoga .
Then dinner , more TV - he 's a sucker for Survivor , Big Brother and other " reality - type shows " — and so to bed .
When he was in the Silverstein Suite at Leavenworth , Silverstein had access to paintbrushes , pens and other art supplies .
At ADX , he 's only permitted pastels , colored pencils and " cheap - ass paper , " he reports ; consequently , he has n't drawn a lick since he 's been there .
He says that every few weeks , he 's moved from the cell with the heavily meshed window to one with no window at all , then back again a few weeks later .
There are rare , glorious interruptions in the routine — a visit with sister Sydney last May , an occasional lawyer checking in .
Visitors sit in a booth outside the cell and talk to him on a phone ; he sits shackled on the other side of a glass partition and talks back .
But these dazzling bursts of conversation quickly fade into a muddle .
Did the last lawyers come before or after his sister ?
Silverstein is n't sure .
" It 's all a blur , a dream state of mind , " he writes .
" Like my memories .
When I venture back to my yesterdays , it 's hard to distinguish fact from fiction . "
Yet there is one memory , one day that stands out from all the rest — the day that started it all .
Twenty - four years later , Silverstein is still in the position of analyzing , defending and regretting the act that has defined his fate .
But nothing can explain away the act itself , a murder that was meticulously planned and ruthlessly executed .
Marion was n't designed to be a supermax .
Control unit prisoners had to be shackled and escorted to the shower every day , and the guards permitted them to have brief conversations with other inmates in cells along the way .
On October 22 , 1983 , Silverstein was on his way back from his shower when another inmate in a rec cage called over one of his three escorts — Merle Clutts .
Now flanked by only two guards , Silverstein paused at the cell of one of his buddies , Randy Gometz , and struck up a conversation .
Before the guards knew what was happening , Gometz had reached through the bars , uncuffed Silverstein with a hidden key — and supplied him with a shank .
Silverstein broke away from the guards and headed toward Clutts , now isolated at the far end of the tier .
" This is between me and Clutts ! " he shouted .
He stabbed the officer forty times before the dying Clutts could make it off the tier .
Hours later , Silverstein 's friend Clayton Fountain pulled the same handcuff trick and attacked three more guards in the control unit , fatally wounding Robert L. Hoffman Sr .
Two federal officers slaughtered in one day , on what was supposed to be the most secure unit in the entire BOP , sent the system into shock .
The bureau 's response was to forge ahead with the long - considered plan to turn all of Marion into a control unit while whisking Silverstein and Fountain into even more restricted quarters .
( Fountain died in 2004 at the age of 48 ) .
For years prison activists attempted to challenge the Marion lockdown in court , charging that the prison staff set about beating other prisoners and subjecting them to " forced rectal searches " as payback for the deaths of Clutts and Hoffman .
In 1988 , a federal judge ruled that the inmate accounts of staff brutality were simply not credible .
By that point , Silverstein and the bureau were already on the road that would lead to ADX — a place where communication among inmates , and physical contact between inmates and staff , could be strictly controlled and all but eliminated .
If the guard killings in Marion happened at any federal prison today , the perpetrators would almost certainly face the death penalty .
Silverstein has suggested more than once that death would have been a more merciful option in his case .
" Even though we may not execute people by the masses , as they do in other countries , our government leaders bury people alive for life in cement tombs , " he writes .
" It 's actually more human to execute someone than it is to torture them , year , after year , after year . "
Silverstein's last taste of some kind of freedom came in the fall of 1987 .
Rioting Cuban prisoners broke into his special cell in the Atlanta federal penitentiary and set him loose .
For one surreal week , he was able to roam the yard while the riot leaders dickered with federal negotiators over the release of more than a hundred prison staffers who'd been taken hostage .
Then the Cubans jumped him , shackled him and turned him over to the feds .
Surrendering Silverstein had been high on the BOP 's list of demands for resolving the situation , right up there with releasing all hostages unharmed .
Contrary to the bureau 's expectations , Silverstein did n't butcher any guards during his precious days of liberty .
He did n't harm anyone .
He suggests the episode shows that he's not the killing machine the BOP says he is , and that he could exist in a less restrictive prison without resorting to violence .
The bureau is n't convinced .
He killed Clutts .
Terrible Tommy says he 's changed .
He claims to have gone 21 years without a disciplinary writeup .
Other long - term solitaries go berserk , smearing their cells with feces and " gassing " their captors with shit - piss cocktails .
Not him .
" The BOP shrinks chalk it up as me being so isolated I have n't anyone to fight with , " he writes , " but they 're totally oblivious to all the petty BS that I could go off on if I chose to .
I can toss a turd and cup of piss with the best of 'em if I desired .
What are they going to do , lock me up ?
" But I just have more self - control now , after 25 years of yoga , meditation , studying Buddhism and taking some anger - management courses .
All that goes unacknowledged . "
McMurray says her brother has learned a great deal about patience and suffering over the years .
" He 's more like the brother I knew on the outside years ago , " she says .
" I have spoken with the guards who deal with him every day , and they do n't have a bad thing to say about him .
It 's the ones in administration who are trying to make it as difficult as they can for him .
" But my brother has a spirit that is unbreakable .
In Leavenworth , at least he could draw .
It 's been more of a challenge for him in this situation , but he has n't let it break his spirit . "
The bureau does n't care about his spiritual progress .
He killed Clutts .
Silverstein has told reporters that he wants to apologize to the families of the men he killed , " even though it was in self - defense . "
He has recanted some oft - quoted lines from his interviews with Earley about " smiling at the thought of killing Clutts " and feeling the hatred grow every time he was denied a phone call or a visit .
He says he regrets the grief he 's caused and no longer seethes with hatred .
The bureau is unmoved by his repentance .
He killed Clutts .
Silverstein has been cut off from the operations of the Aryan Brotherhood for decades .
His story is still told among the faithful , in an effort to keep his memory alive among the younger members , but he disputes that the group is a white supremacist organization .
His own paintings include an ethnically diverse array of portraits .
" I think it 's worth noting that Tommy is no longer a racist , if he ever was , " says Prison Legal News editor Wright .
The bureau could give fuck - all .
He killed Clutts .
Twice a year , prison officials hold a brief hearing to review Silverstein 's placement in administrative segregation .
For many years , the hearings were held in the corridor outside the Silverstein Suite in Leavenworth .
Silverstein stopped attending because the result was always the same : no change .
At ADX , he 's taken to filing grievances , claiming that the move has left him more isolated , with fewer privileges than ever before .
" I am being punished for good conduct under ploy of security reasons , " he wrote last year in a formal appeal of his situation .
" The goal of these units is clearly to disable prisoners through spiritual , psychological and / or physical breakdown . "
In his response , Warden Wiley pointed out that Silverstein is provided with food and medical care , " daily contact with staff members " and access to television , radio and reading materials .
" It 's ridiculous to call a nameless guard that shoves a food tray through the hole in the door ... a source of meaningful ' human contact , ' " Silverstein fired back .
" I request placement in general population . "
He took his appeal to the regional office , then to headquarters , where it was swiftly denied .
" You are serving three consecutive life terms plus 45 years for bank robbery and murder , including the murder of Bureau of Prisons staff , " an administrator noted .
" You are a member of a disruptive group and an escape risk .
Your heinous criminal and institutional behavior warrant a highly individualized and restrictive environment . "
Wiley declines to comment on Silverstein 's treatment at his prison .
Last spring , a group from Human Rights Watch was allowed to tour certain areas of ADX .
The group was n't let in Z - Unit , where Silverstein lives , or anywhere near A - Unit — the " hole , " where most disciplinary cases are housed .
But they saw enough to realize that the staffers who bring meals " do not converse regularly , if at all , with the inmates . "
Despite claims that clinical psychologists checked on prisoners every other week , " several inmates said they had not spoken to a psychologist in many months , " and such conversations tended to be brief .
The group also reported that many ADX prisoners are trapped in a catch - 22 predicament — they 've been sent there directly after sentencing but have never been provided any opportunity to " progress " to a less restrictive setting because of the nature of their crime .
Every placement review finds that the " reason for placement at ADX has not been sufficiently mitigated . "
" No matter how well they behave in prison , they cannot undo the past crimes that landed them in prison , generally , and then ADX , specifically , " Human Rights Watch director Jamie Fellner wrote to BOP director Harley Lapin .
Some crimes , it seems , are beyond redemption .
Silverstein got a copy of the do - gooders ' report and immediately fired off a letter to the group , suggesting that they come see him in Z - Unit if they want the real story about the government 's " failed and draconian penal system . "
No one from the group has come to see him yet .
Silverstein waits for them in his box within a box .
He knows that the bureau just wants to bury him and that he turned the key himself .
But he also knows he did n't build that box all on his own .
His earliest possible date of release is eighty - eight years away .
He has nothing but time .
In a case that has illustrated Afghanistan ’s drift toward a more radically conservative brand of Islam as well as the fragility of its legal system , an appeals court Tuesday overturned a death sentence for a student convicted of blasphemy but sentenced him to 20 years in prison .
The student , Parwez Kambakhsh , 24 , ran afoul of Afghan authorities last year when he circulated an article about women ’s rights under Islam after downloading it from the Internet .
He was studying at the time in the northern city of Mazar - i- Sharif , where he also worked as a part - time journalist for local newspapers .
Arrested by security police and initially held without charges , he was eventually tried on blasphemy charges , convicted and sentenced to death .
Tuesday ’s ruling by a three - judge appeals court panel was a blow to human rights groups and advocates of press freedom who have championed Kambakhsh ’s cause .
Advertisement
International organizations , including New York - based Human Rights Watch , said the case pointed to a troubling lack of respect for freedom of speech and individual liberties in Afghanistan , nearly seven years after a U.S. - led invasion toppled the Taliban fundamentalist Islamic movement .
Brad Adams , the Asia director for Human Rights Watch , called the sentencing “ ridiculous ” and said it was in some ways a more serious setback than a judicial reaffirmation of the death penalty , on which Afghan President Hamid Karzai would have had to sign off .
“ In a way , this is arguably worse for him , ” Adams said in a phone interview from New York .
“ This was an opportunity to undo kangar oo - court justice . . . .
It shows Afghanistan is not making progress on anything to do with the judiciary . ”
Religious conservatives had welcomed the earlier sentence against Kambakhsh .
After the death penalty was handed down at his January trial , public demonstrations were held in support of the decision , and some prominent clerics declared he deserved to be executed for violating the teachings of Islam .
Advertisement
Kambakhsh can still appeal to the Supreme Court , but that will be his final recourse .
He has insisted on his innocence .
“ I do n’t accept the court ’s decision , ” he told the Associated Press as he left the courtroom after Tuesday ’s ruling .
“ It is an unfair decision . ”
Kambakhsh ’s supporters have said the case should be thrown out because the previous trial was held in secret and he was denied legal representation , not uncommon occurrences in Afghan courts .
Reformers say the case exemplifies the continuing failure of the Afghan government to establish a free and independent judiciary .
Family members have said Kambakhsh was beaten and threatened with death until he signed a confession and that local journalists who expressed support for him were warned they would be arrested if they persisted .
Advertisement
Kambakhsh ’s journalist brother , Yaqoub Ibrahimi , has said he believes the blasphemy charges were a pretext and that Ibrahimi was the authorities ’ real target because of articles he wrote about abuses by local warlords and militias .
--
laura.king@latimes.com
OCTOBER 8-- Angered by a delay in the receipt of his voter registration card , a Louisiana man today threatened election officials , claiming that he urgently needed to cast a ballot to " keep the nigger out of office , " according to police .
Wade Williams , 75 , was arrested this morning on a felony terrorizing charge after allegedly calling the Registrar of Voters and warning that he would come to the state office and empty his shotgun unless he got his registration card .
Using profanity and racial slurs , Williams told a state official " about needing to vote to ' keep the nigger out of office , " according to an Ouachita Parish Sheriff 's Office affidavit .
Though the document does not name the candidate to which Williams is so violently opposed , it seems likely he was referring to Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama .
After being arrested at his Monroe home , Williams was booked into the Ouachita Correctional Center , where his mug shot was snapped .
En route to the jail , he " continued his ' tirade ' about niggers and also stated that he had a shotgun , but had it hidden at his residence , " reported Lt. Michael Judd .
( 2 pages )
In Defense of Dignity I Hate to Play the I - Just - Watched - My - Mother - Die Card — But , Um , I Just Watched My Mother Die
Kyle T. Webster
I would need the room for a week .
That 's what I told the front - desk clerk at the Extended Residence Stay America Whatever when I checked in that Sunday night .
At least a week , I said , maybe longer .
My mother had already been in the hospital across the street for nearly a week by the time I arrived in Tucson .
She was no stranger to hospitals over the last few years .
She 'd wake up to find that her breathing was more difficult , or that some new infection was exploiting her weakened immune system , or that some new debilitating side effect from the powerful drugs that were keeping her alive had emerged .
My stepfather would rush her to a hospital , and she would come home a few days later having accepted some previously feared development — being hooked up to an oxygen tank , having to use a walker — as her " new normal . "
The plan : I would stay in Tucson for three or four days and help my stepfather and aunt look after my mother .
Then my brother Billy would fly in from Chicago , take over the helping - out duties and my hotel room , and we 'd figure out what to do next .
Before going to the hotel on Sunday night , I got to play cards with my mother and read with her , and things were looking less grim than they had when my aunt called me in Seattle earlier that day and told me to get on an airplane .
My mother was n't getting better , but she was n't getting worse .
My mother had pulmonary fibrosis , a degenerative lung condition , and we knew enough about the disease to know that dramatic turns for the worse were a possibility .
She knew that pulmonary fibrosis would eventually end her life , and she 'd done some research into just what sort of an end she could expect .
It was n't going to be pretty .
Her lungs were gradually filling with scar tissue .
She would , when her time came , slowly and painfully suffocate to death over a period of hours or days .
But eight weeks before she wound up in a sprawling , dung - colored hospital in sprawling , dung - colored Tucson , my mother 's doctors had given her two to five years to live .
She 'd recently marked the five - year anniversary of her diagnosis , an anniversary very few pulmonary fibrosis sufferers live to celebrate .
She was terrified , as her fifth anniversary approached , that she would n't " beat five . "
But her spirits lifted when her anniversary came and went , and her doctors gave her years , not months or weeks , to live .
That 's when she decided to go on this trip with her husband , driving to California and New Mexico and Arizona .
She was looking forward to attending her first grandson 's high - school graduation , her grade - school class 's 50th reunion , a Broadway show .
The Seattle Post - Intelligencer 's Joel Connelly has written several columns — and several thousand words — blasting Initiative 1000 , the November ballot measure in Washington State that would make it legal for physicians to prescribe lethal doses of medication to terminally ill patients .
Connelly does n't like the measure because he believes the purpose of a " democratic society " is to " safeguard and enhance life , especially among the youngest , the weakest , and the suffering " ; because he worries that the movement might next " seek to expand conditions for the legal ending of life , as has been done in the Netherlands " ; and because out - of - state money has been collected by supporters of Initiative 1000 .
" Should Washington be a launching pad for a movement that seeks to transform a crime into a ' medical treatment ' ? "
Connelly thunders .
KUOW has been covering the debate over I -1000 , too .
In a recent report , two widows were interviewed about the deaths of their husbands .
After watching their spouses die , one widow planned to vote for I -1000 and the other planned to vote against it .
The woman voting for the initiative — whose husband died of brain cancer — wants terminally ill people to have a choice at the end of their lives , a choice to end their suffering and hasten an inevitable , rapidly approaching death .
The woman voting against the initiative wants — well , she wants what we all want .
She wants to have a good death , a peaceful death , a death like the one her husband , um , enjoyed .
" I would like to be enveloped in the love of a good caregiver I would get , " she says .
Do n't we all want that kind of death ?
Would n't it be wonderful if each of us could enjoy a Hallmark death ?
Would n't it be ideal if each of us passed from this life into the next — aka " the void " — enveloped in the love of good caregivers and under the care of competent " pain management " professionals ?
But not everyone is so lucky .
Some of us have to endure deaths that are gruesome and protracted and excruciatingly painful , deaths that involve pain that cannot be " managed , " deaths that our loving caregivers can only stand helplessly by and witness .
" You do n't know how you 're going to feel at the end of your life , " the widow planning to vote for I - 1000 says .
" I want to have the choices available to me . "
Choices .
Exactly .
If I -1000 is approved by Washington State voters , the widow opposed to the initiative will not be compelled to end her life with the assistance of a physician .
She can choose pain meds and the love of caregivers and die a " natural " death .
( What 's so " natural " about pain management anyway ? )
But if I -1000 is rejected , the widow who plans to vote in favor of it will not have the same choice .
She will not be able to choose to end her life , and end her suffering , if the pain becomes too much for her to bear .
That 's what the debate about I -1000 is really all about : your body , your death , your choice .
The passage of I -1000 does n't impose anything on terminally ill people who reject physician - assisted suicide for religious reasons .
But the rejection of I -1000 imposes the values of others on terminally ill people who would like to make that choice for themselves , who should have a right to make that choice for themselves .
And , I 'm sorry , but there 's nothing about physician - assisted suicide — or , as it should be called , end - of - life pain management — that precludes the presence of loving caregivers .
You can be surrounded by love and have access to the best medical care available and still conclude — reasonably and rationally — that you would rather not spend the last few moments of your life in blinding pain or gasping for breath or pumped full of just enough morphine to ( hopefully ) deaden your pain without deadening you .
On Monday morning , after eliminating all other possibilities ( a virus , pneumonia , some rare desert fungus ) , a doctor pulled me and my stepfather out of my mother 's room .
They were out of options .
Nothing more could be done .
Her battered lungs were failing ; one had a widening hole in it .
Amazingly , the doctor did n't say , " It 's over , this is it . "
He laid out the facts and we stared at him dumbly for that world - without - end moment , and then one of us — my stepfather , me , I do n't remember — finally said , " So this is it ? "
The doctor nodded .
We somehow managed to hold it together , me and my stepfather .
We did n't have the luxury of breaking down .
He stepped out of the intensive - care unit to tell my sister and my aunt the news , to confer about how we would break the news to my mother , and to call a priest .
I stepped back into her room to sit with her , to hold her hand .
I did n't tell her what I knew ; it was n't my place .
I would sit with her and wait for my stepfather to return .
Suddenly , the doctor was at the door to my mother 's room again .
He waved me out into the hall .
He needed a medical directive .
Immediately .
Her vital signs were tanking .
If we were going to put a tube in her , and put her on machines that could breathe for her , it had to be now .
Right now .
So it fell to me to walk back into my mother 's room , tell her she was going to die , and lay out her rather limited options .
She could be put under and put on machines and live for a day or two in a coma , long enough for her other two children to get down to Tucson and say their good - byes , which she would n't be able to hear .
Or she could live for maybe another six hours if she continued to wear an oxygen mask that forced air into her lungs with so much force it made her whole body convulse .
Or she could take the mask off and suffocate to death .
Slowly , painfully , over an hour or two .
It was her choice .
" No mask , " she said , " no pain . "
Her nurse promised to give her enough morphine to deaden any pain she might feel after my mother made her choice :
She would take off the mask .
She would go now .
I told the doctor and then ran sobbing — no longer trying to hold it together — into the waiting room to get my stepfather , my sister , and my aunt .
Things were worse than they were five minutes ago .
Get in here , I said , get in here now .
We said our good - byes — does n't that sound dignified ?
But her mask was still on and her body still convulsing .
Good - byes reduced my affable stepfather to wracking sobs ; good - byes sent me and my sister falling to the floor beside our mother 's deathbed .
We held a phone up to my mother 's ear so she could hear one of my brothers shout his good - bye over the whir and thump of the oxygen machine , while we tried desperately to get my other brother on the phone .
In the midst of all of this , a hospital orderly breezed into my mother 's room and handed her a menu to fill out for tomorrow 's meals .
It was a staggering blow , this sudden and unwelcome reminder that tomorrow was coming and my mother would n't be part of it , and it felt like we had all just been punched in the stomach .
After a this - can't - be- happening pause , my stepfather rose from his chair and barked so loudly at the orderly that she dropped the menu , which fluttered to the floor under my mother 's bed .
Then my mother was ready .
The mask came off , she held tight to our hands , and the morphine went in .
Her grip slackened .
My mother was still alive , in there somewhere , beyond our reach .
Was she in pain ?
We do n't know .
She could n't talk to us now , or focus on us , but she was awake , her eyes open .
She gasped for breath , again and again , and we sat there , traumatized , waiting for her heart to stop , waiting for the very first sound that I had ever heard — my mother 's heart beating — to go silent .
People must accept death at " the hour chosen by God , " according to Pope Benedict XVI , leader of the Catholic Church , which is pouring money into the campaign against I -1000 .
The hour chosen by God ?
What does that even mean ?
Without the intervention of man — and medical science — my mother would have died years earlier .
And at the end , even without assisted suicide as an option , my mother had to make her choices .
Two hours with the mask off ?
Six with the mask on ?
Another two days hooked up to machines ?
Once things were hopeless , she chose the quickest , if not the easiest , exit .
Mask off , two hours .
That was my mother 's choice , not God's .
Did my mother commit suicide ?
I wonder what the pope might say .
I know what my mother would say :
The same church leaders who can't manage to keep priests from raping children are n't entitled to micromanage the final moments of our lives .
If religious people believe assisted suicide is wrong , they have a right to say so .
Same for gay marriage and abortion .
They oppose them for religious reasons , but it 's somehow not enough for them to deny those things to themselves .
They have to rush into your intimate life and deny them to you , too — deny you control over your own reproductive organs , deny you the spouse of your choosing , condemn you to pain ( or the terror of it ) at the end of your life .
The proper response to religious opposition to choice or love or death can be reduced to a series of bumper stickers :
Do n't approve of abortion ?
Do n't have one .
Do n't approve of gay marriage ?
Do n't have one .
Do n't approve of physician - assisted suicide ?
For Christ 's sake , do n't have one .
But do n't tell me I can't have one — each one — because it offends your God .
Fuck your God .
They gave my mother some more morphine — not enough to kill her , only enough to deaden the pain while her lungs finished her off .
Still : Was she in pain ?
I 'm haunted by the thought that she could have been in pain — the pain we promised to spare her — but had no way to tell us , no way to ask for more painkillers , no way to let us know that she needed us , that she needed our help , that she needed us to do whatever we could to hasten her inevitable death and end her suffering .
I do n't know what my mother would have done if she had had the choice to take a few pills and skip the last two hours of her life .
She was a practicing Catholic .
But she was also pro-choice , pro–gay marriage , pro–ordaining women .
If she could 've committed suicide , by her own hand , with a doctor " assisting " only by providing her with drugs and allowing her to administer them to herself , after saying her good - byes , I suspect she would have done so , so great was her fear of dying in pain .
I do know that she should have been allowed to make that choice for herself .
It 's not a choice that Joel Connelly — or the Catholic Church — had a right to make for her .
I also know that , if my mother needed my help , I would 've held a glass of water to her lips , so that she could swallow the pills that would 've spared her those two hours of agony .
And that should n't be a crime .
( Part 2 in a 4 - Part Exclusive WebEcoist Series on Incredibly Destructive Natural Disasters )
Nature ’s famous duality – beautiful landscapes of nature and terrifying natural disasters – fills all of us with a reverence for her power .
Here are some of the most powerful and surprising water disasters in recent history , from sudden ice to racing tsunamis to vast floods , captured in words , images and videos .
Ice Storms
Perhaps most unusual of all nature ’s liquid weapons are the ice storms .
Coating areas in a thick and impenetrable layer of freezing ice , these storms are not only sudden , but truly extreme in some cases .
North American Ice Storm
Quebec famously ground to a halt in 1998 when freezing rain enveloped the city in a layer of cement - like ice .
It ’s beautiful , certainly , but when you consider that just an inch of ice can create several pounds of weight , and then imagine everything – plants , garden equipment , power lines , cars , roofs – being weighed down by 6 , 10 or 12 inches of ice , you can imagine why it can take weeks to get “ out from under ” the ice and repair the damage .
This devastating storm caused 30 deaths and weeks of power outages to millions of Canadians .
The electrical grid had to be rebuilt .
Versoix , Switzerland
( Images via floccipics and Category Five )
But it ’s not just New England and Canada that are prone to freezing rain storms .
( The warm air from the Mississippi mixes with shallow cool air at the St. Lawrence and Ottawa valleys , leading to frozen rain in areas like Quebec , Montreal and even New York , though typically these frozen rain storms only deposit an inch or less of condensation . )
The small town of Versoix , outside Geneva City , Switzerland , experienced a fluke freezing rain storm in January 2005 and the resulting ice created memorable images for miles .
( Images via Category Five )
Scraping the ice off the car just took on whole new meaning : from chore to career .
Tsunamis
Tsunamis used to catch humans by surprise .
With modern technology , preparations can generally be made – except in the tragic case of the world ’s worst tsunami in 2004 .
Indian Ocean Tsunami
( Images via Nomad4 Ever and Crystalinks )
Tsunamis in the past have been devastating – such as the 1883 Krakatau tsunami in Indonesia , triggered by a 15 - mile - high volcanic explosion heard 2,500 miles away – but the most deadly tsunami in human history was triggered by the Indian Ocean Earthquake of Sumatra in 2004 .
According to Natural Disasters : Earthquakes , “ the the day after Christmas , 2004 , a combination 9.1 - 9.3 earthquake - tsunami in the Indian Ocean created untold destruction and took nearly 300,000 lives .
Tsunami waves up to 100 feet high wiped out coastlines of eleven countries and that coupled with the earthquake designates this quake as one the worst in history , according to experts .
Indonesia , India , Thailand and Sri Lanka suffered the greatest losses and damage .
A global outpouring raised over $ 7 billion in aid and efforts were undertaken to improve the tsunami alert service and technology for these regions . ”
Chilean Tsunami
( Images via USGS , Washington.edu and NIWA )
The Chilean Tsunami of 1960 flooded 500 coastal miles of Chile with a massive 30 - foot wave and created crashing waves as far away as Hawaii .
The tsunami destroyed 1 in 3 homes in the region and was triggered by the largest earthquake in the 20th century – a 9.5 on the Richter Scale .
Over 2,000 people died .
Floods
People the world over have to deal with floods that come from earthquakes , storms , seasonal weather patterns – even global warming .
Here are just two stunning examples of the power of floods .
The Great Flood
The Great Flood of 1993 stunned American Midwesterners with its endless volume .
One of the worst floods in American history , it lasted a mind - boggling seven months and encompassed areas near both the Mississippi and Missouri rivers and their tributaries .
( Images via Wikipedia )
30,000 square miles of flooded land cost over $ 15 billion to repair – the most expensive in U.S. history .
By some standards it was the worst flood ever to hit North America .
In places , the water crested 10 feet above the flood line .
The images above show satellite imaging of normal water levels ( lower left ) and the Great Flood levels .
South Asia Floods
( Images via Skywatch , Watthead and bdix )
In 1997 and again in 1998 , some of the worst floods in human memory occurred in South Asia .
India , Bangladesh and Nepal saw damage to such a great extent that 30 million people were injured , displaced or affected ( by conservative estimates ) .
Water at heights of 10 feet or more literally marooned people into rooftop and hilltop clusters .
South Asia had a particularly devastating decade of floods from 1987 - 1997 , with billions in damage .
See Even More Incredible Natural Disasters :
Let ’s really talk about freedom of speech , before it ’s gone .
One of the most troubling aspects of this presidential campaign , and of recent years is the concerted attack on freedom of speech .
There is no more precious right than the right of free expression — the right to stand up and speak your mind .
As the teaching of history has declined in our schools , so has our understanding of what is meant by “ freedom of speech ” .
The first amendment does not grant you a platform or venue for your opinions to be heard .
What it does grant is the right to be free of attempts to regulate , silence or punish your speech .
There is no right to be free of criticism .
Anyone is free to have at you — you may speak your mind , but nobody has to agree with you , and they are free to say so .
This is not a right that the government has granted to you , but a right that you have told government that they must respect .
Colleges and universities have become enamored of “ speech codes ” in recent years , and it has devolved down to the public schools as well .
You are not supposed to hurt anyone ’s feelings .
Of course they have come up with all kinds of things that are supposed to govern what you may say .
Laws governing “ hate speech ” have been passed in direct contravention of the constitution .
Seldom have we had a political candidate quite as thin - skinned as Barack Obama .
He does n’t like criticism .
He has appeared as a “ blank screen on which people of vastly different political stripes project their own views . ”
Democrats have been singularly uninterested in filling in that “ blank screen ” ; but others want to know just who this man is who speaks so persuasively of “ hope ” and “ change ” yet reveals almost nothing of himself .
Obama ’s supporters feel free to indulge in the most heinous slanders on Sarah Palin and John McCain , feel free to depict any member of the administration as a Nazi , yet those who look into Obama ’s background are attacked .
Obama is only to be admired not questioned .
A candidate for the world ’s most powerful office is not to be examined about his radical record , his far - left politics , his unsavory associations , his disturbing economic ideas and his aggressive push for defeat in Iraq .
Those who discuss any of this may be subject to legal harassment or more .
Andrew McCarthy at National Review enumerates some of the incidents :
Item :
When the American Issues Project ran political ads calling attention to Obama ’s extensive ties to Ayers , the Weatherman terrorist who brags about having bombed the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol , the Obama campaign pressured the Justice Department to launch an absurd criminal prosecution .
Item :
When commentator Stanley Kurtz of the Ethics and Public Policy Center was invited on a Chicago radio program to discuss his investigation of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge , an “ education reform ” project in which Obama and Ayers ( just “ a guy who lives in my neighborhood ” ) collaborated to dole out over $ 100 million , the Obama campaign issued an Internet action alert .
Supporters , armed with the campaign ’s non-responsive talking points , dutifully flooded the program with calls and emails , protesting Kurtz ’s appearance and attempting to shout him down .
The same kind of attack was conducted when David Fredoso subsequently appeared on the same program .
Item : Both Obama and his running mate , Sen .
Joe Biden , have indicated that an Obama administration would use its control of the Justice Department to prosecute its political opponents , including Bush administration officials responsible for the national security policies put in effect after nearly 3000 Americans were killed in the 9/11 attacks .
Item :
There is a troubling report that the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Section , top officials of which are Obama contributors , has suggested criminal prosecutions against those they anticipate will engage in voter “ intimidation ” or “ oppression ” in an election involving a black candidate …
In a system that presumes innocence even after crimes have undeniably been committed , responsible prosecutors do n’t assume non-suspects will commit future law violations — especially when doing so necessarily undermines the First Amendment freedoms those prosecutors solemnly swear to uphold .
Michael Barone notes that Obama supporters have threatened critics with criminal prosecution .
In September , St. Louis County Circuit Attorney Bob McCulloch and St. Louis City Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce warned citizens that they would bring criminal libel prosecutions against anyone who made statements against Obama that were “ false ” .
Then there is the Democrat ’s “ card check ” legislation that would abolish secret ballot elections in determining whether employees are to be represented by a union .
The union strategy is obvious , a few union thugs can go to a employee ’s house and get them to sign cards that will guarantee a union victory without giving the employee a chance to be heard .
Ralph Peters , recently wrote in the New York Post that after a lecture to the Marine Memorial Association , a reporter thrust a microphone at him and asked if Peters thought he should be tried for war crimes for his columns supporting our military .
James Hansen , NASA scientist , called for the chief executives of large fossil fuel companies to be put on trial for high crimes against humanity and nature because they were actively spreading doubt about the reality of global warming .
There are many more examples , but the point is that the Democrat candidate for the highest office in the land , who has both studied and taught constitutional law , seems to be either unfamiliar with the first amendment , or just does n’t think it matters .
This is not a small matter .
As Andrew McCarthy said : “ Senator Obama and his supporters despise free expression , the bedrock of American self - determinism and hence American democracy .
What ’s more , like garden - variety despots , they see law not as a means of ensuring liberty but as a tool to intimidate and quell dissent . ”
You really need to think about that .
Thursday , October 9 , 2008 at 12:54 PM
Acknowledge this is a big deal :
We are in the midst of major changes , ones the severity of which this country has n't experienced for generations .
So cut yourself some slack !
It is natural for these to have an impact ; you 're not alone on this .
Also realize that this will absolutely have a significant impact now and in the future , at least for a while .
So starting adaptation now is a good investment in yourself .
: We are in the midst of major changes , ones the severity of which this country has n't experienced for generations .
So cut yourself some slack !
It is natural for these to have an impact ; you 're not alone on this .
Also realize that this will absolutely have a significant impact now and in the future , at least for a while .
So starting adaptation now is a good investment in yourself .
Get perspective : Read your history :
We 're a resilient species ( there 's a reason we were able to take over the planet ) and we can handle this .
Try to step back and analyze the situation from a distance .
Give yourself some time to grapple with things before you make big decisions .
This regrouping will help you rise above the panic .
You may want to review your higher - level goals , perhaps doing a yearly review .
What has changed in light of what 's going on ?
: Read your history :
We 're a resilient species ( there 's a reason we were able to take over the planet ) and we can handle this .
Try to step back and analyze the situation from a distance .
Give yourself some time to grapple with things before you make big decisions .
This regrouping will help you rise above the panic .
You may want to review your higher - level goals , perhaps doing a yearly review .
What has changed in light of what 's going on ?
Cultivate an attitude of curiosity : I 've found it extremely helpful to look at the current situation as an experiment [ 3 ] .
This changes my fight - or - flight response to one of inquiry , instilling what I call " a sense of healthy detachment . "
Additionally , having an " I wonder what will happen " attitude acknowledges you do n't know the outcome , but gives you the possibility of guaranteed success :
You 'll find out !
I guarantee , no matter what happens in the coming months , you will learn a lot about yourself and your world .
Can we look at this as a good thing ?
: I 've found it extremely helpful to look at the current situation as an experiment [ 3 ] .
This changes my fight - or - flight response to one of inquiry , instilling what I call " a sense of healthy detachment . "
Additionally , having an " I wonder what will happen " attitude acknowledges you do n't know the outcome , but gives you the possibility of guaranteed success :
You 'll find out !
I guarantee , no matter what happens in the coming months , you will learn a lot about yourself and your world .
Can we look at this as a good thing ?
Stay present :
It 's easy to get wrapped up in the unknown of the future , but recall the wisdom behind some meditation disciplines :
The past is over and the future has n't happened yet , so living can only happen in the moment .
This also helps us appreciate what we have right now .
Yes , things could change dramatically , but can you continue to enjoy all that you have today ?
It 's probably a lot !
Related : Living In The Moment , Preventing Regret , And Appreciating Life .
: It 's easy to get wrapped up in the unknown of the future , but recall the wisdom behind some meditation disciplines :
The past is over and the future has n't happened yet , so living can only happen in the moment .
This also helps us appreciate what we have right now .
Yes , things could change dramatically , but can you continue to enjoy all that you have today ?
It 's probably a lot !
Related : Living In The Moment , Preventing Regret , And Appreciating Life .
Downgrade expectations :
Because you 've realized you 're in a time of change , you should reduce what you think you can accomplish at work and home .
Cutting back on responsibilities , back - burnering projects ( put them in what David Allen calls a " Someday / Maybe " category ) , and clearing out your calendar and actions lists can create some needed space for coping .
Is this hard ?
You bet !
My clients are smart and ambitious , and have set the bar high .
But this may not be the time for maximum performance , so let go of the guilt .
: Because you 've realized you 're in a time of change , you should reduce what you think you can accomplish at work and home .
Cutting back on responsibilities , back - burnering projects ( put them in what David Allen calls a " Someday / Maybe " category ) , and clearing out your calendar and actions lists can create some needed space for coping .
Is this hard ?
You bet !
My clients are smart and ambitious , and have set the bar high .
But this may not be the time for maximum performance , so let go of the guilt .
Work the emergency :
If you 're reading my blog you probably have a good system for self - management .
This gives you an important advantage over those who do n't have one :
You 're in good shape to maintain control and take action in response to the crisis .
Managing the crisis is a new higher - level goal , so track it .
Create projects to adapt as you see fit , e.g. , moving funds , planning for outages , changing jobs , etc .
As my wife put it , if your own house is in order and not chaotic then you feel like things are in hand .
This will also help channel some of your nervous energy into something productive .
: If you 're reading my blog you probably have a good system for self - management .
This gives you an important advantage over those who do n't have one :
You 're in good shape to maintain control and take action in response to the crisis .
Managing the crisis is a new higher - level goal , so track it .
Create projects to adapt as you see fit , e.g. , moving funds , planning for outages , changing jobs , etc .
As my wife put it , if your own house is in order and not chaotic then you feel like things are in hand .
This will also help channel some of your nervous energy into something productive .
Maintain your health :
This can be tricky .
On the one hand you need to stay strong and focused , which means continuing to exercise and eat well .
OTOH you need to give yourself room to temporarily simplify , including doing less prep for meals ( pizza anyone ? )
You 'll also probably enjoy eating comfort foods , but try to limit quantities .
Finally , try to schedule some renewal time as soon as you can to take care of yourself .
: This can be tricky .
On the one hand you need to stay strong and focused , which means continuing to exercise and eat well .
OTOH you need to give yourself room to temporarily simplify , including doing less prep for meals ( pizza anyone ? )
You 'll also probably enjoy eating comfort foods , but try to limit quantities .
Finally , try to schedule some renewal time as soon as you can to take care of yourself .
Keep some of your routine :
While there 's a temptation to let a lot go due to a motivation drop , try keeping at least one activity from your regular schedule to maintain some sense of stability .
Read to your kids , take a walk with your mate , or sit down together for dinner .
: While there 's a temptation to let a lot go due to a motivation drop , try keeping at least one activity from your regular schedule to maintain some sense of stability .
Read to your kids , take a walk with your mate , or sit down together for dinner .
Reconnect with others :
One of the healthiest and most supportive things to consider during rapid change is to tap into your social network .
And there is evidence that people with wider social networks live longer [ 4 ]
Let 's use the potential of hard times to bring us closer together .
: One of the healthiest and most supportive things to consider during rapid change is to tap into your social network .
And there is evidence that people with wider social networks live longer [ 4 ]
Let 's use the potential of hard times to bring us closer together .
Seek out inspiration and wisdom :
We humans have gone through massive changes before , and learned from it .
Check out some inspiring books that appeal to you - treasured thinkers , religious works , and favorite authors can help us feel better .
Earlier in the year when I was dreading having my wisdom teeth removed I found Victor Frankl 's timeless Man's Search for Meaning to change my perspective .
: We humans have gone through massive changes before , and learned from it .
Check out some inspiring books that appeal to you - treasured thinkers , religious works , and favorite authors can help us feel better .
Earlier in the year when I was dreading having my wisdom teeth removed I found Victor Frankl 's timeless Man's Search for Meaning to change my perspective .
Comfort yourself :
This is a natural time to be comforted .
Kids like hugs and singing from their parents , and we should do the equivalent for ourselves .
For me , enjoying drinking chocolate does that .
Other activities include listening to music , gardening , meditation , being with others , and exercise .
A warning about food , though : Going overboard is counter productive .
I 've found doing things with others adds practical limits , more so than binging alone on a pint of ice cream , say .
: This is a natural time to be comforted .
Kids like hugs and singing from their parents , and we should do the equivalent for ourselves .
For me , enjoying drinking chocolate does that .
Other activities include listening to music , gardening , meditation , being with others , and exercise .
A warning about food , though : Going overboard is counter productive .
I 've found doing things with others adds practical limits , more so than binging alone on a pint of ice cream , say .
Tap into humor :
It 's waaaaaay easy to get serious about this ... serious stuff , so try to balance things by injecting some humor into your life .
Take in books , movies , TV [ 5 ] , or audio that makes you laugh .
For me David Sedaris ( Me Talk Pretty One Day ) and Jack Handey ( see Deep Thoughts On Personal Productivity By Jack Handey ) are good stand - bys .
Finally , try resetting your Reticular activating system to tune in to funny situations in life ( more on that application here ) .
I 've played with keeping a humor log and using Twitter for humor training ( even though I 've sworn it off - see A Late Adopter 's Productivity Experiment With Twitter , Plus Some 140 Word Humor ) .
And guess what - it seems that happy people live longer .
: It 's waaaaaay easy to get serious about this ... serious stuff , so try to balance things by injecting some humor into your life .
Take in books , movies , TV [ 5 ] , or audio that makes you laugh .
For me David Sedaris ( Me Talk Pretty One Day ) and Jack Handey ( see Deep Thoughts On Personal Productivity By Jack Handey ) are good stand - bys .
Finally , try resetting your Reticular activating system to tune in to funny situations in life ( more on that application here ) .
I 've played with keeping a humor log and using Twitter for humor training ( even though I 've sworn it off - see A Late Adopter 's Productivity Experiment With Twitter , Plus Some 140 Word Humor ) .
And guess what - it seems that happy people live longer .
Practice selective ignorance :
During these times there 's a role for faith .
Trusting things will work out ( even if you 're a natural " black hat , " as Edward de Bono puts it in Six Thinking Hats ) is comforting .
I think of this as conscious suspension of the perceived facts , or selective ignorance .
Try starting a daily gratitude practice such as keeping a journal of things that went well each day .
: During these times there 's a role for faith .
Trusting things will work out ( even if you 're a natural " black hat , " as Edward de Bono puts it in Six Thinking Hats ) is comforting .
I think of this as conscious suspension of the perceived facts , or selective ignorance .
Try starting a daily gratitude practice such as keeping a journal of things that went well each day .
Go on a radical news diet :
In our family it 's easy to get caught up in the day - to - day changes in the crisis , esp. with the primarily fear - based media in our world .
This tends to feed on itself and create more anxiety .
So try this : Stop listening to the news for an entire week .
Often either nothing significant changes , or if anything big happens , your friends will tell you .
Talk about useful delegation !
Here 's more from the Subtract section in Productivity Lessons From Basic Math :
Try going on a media diet by cutting out TV and news .
TV is mostly crap ( sorry ! ) and news is rarely important or durable .
Try this :
Remove all news from your life for a week - radio , TV , papers , and web sites .
I 'd wager that very little of what you missed is still important now .
And relax :
You 'll find out about big things from your people .
: In our family it 's easy to get caught up in the day - to - day changes in the crisis , esp. with the primarily fear - based media in our world .
This tends to feed on itself and create more anxiety .
So try this : Stop listening to the news for an entire week .
Often either nothing significant changes , or if anything big happens , your friends will tell you .
Talk about useful delegation !
Here 's more from the section in Productivity Lessons From Basic Math : Help someone :
Nothing gets you out of your head quicker than helping someone else .
It feels good , gives you a sense of accomplishment , and can be relatively easy to do .
I like this thought of Frankl's :
The truth is that love is the ultimate and the highest goal to which man can aspire .
Kindness is essential during chaos or a crisis .
: Nothing gets you out of your head quicker than helping someone else .
It feels good , gives you a sense of accomplishment , and can be relatively easy to do .
I like this thought of Frankl's : Kindness is essential during chaos or a crisis .
Look for opportunities :
Cliches about silver linings aside , in times of great change opportunities open up .
Mark McCormack in What They Don't Teach You At Harvard Business School suggests that during a crisis we : 1 ) Do n't react , 2 ) give yourself time to think about it , then 3 ) analyze for potential opportunity .
: Cliches about silver linings aside , in times of great change opportunities open up .
Mark McCormack in What They Don't Teach You At Harvard Business School suggests that during a crisis we : 1 ) Do n't react , 2 ) give yourself time to think about it , then 3 ) analyze for potential opportunity .
Realize you are the hero :
There 's a new story being written , whether we like it or not , and we 're the protagonists .
And crisis is one of the the classic story types .
Cliff Atkinson identifies ten of them in Beyond Bullet Points : historical narrative , crisis , disappointment , opportunity , crossroads , challenge , blowing the whistle , adventure , response to an order , revolution , evolution , and the great dream .
Great list !
Even if we can't " Envision it a quest , not a crisis " ( from Listening to Midlife ) , maybe we can still give ourselves a little credit for having the courage to take this on .
References
I shy away from writing the " sound bites " style of posts that are common in the productivity / lifehack realm , such as " 21 tips to beat procrastination " and " 5 ways to listen better . "
While the format is attractive and accessible ( and relatively easy to write ! )
I 've focused more on longer and hopefully deeper ideas and analysis .
That said , today I want to provide some targeted help for dealing with a time of upheaval , in this case via a laundry list [ 1 ] of ideas for staying balanced and productive .
The news these days in the US and increasingly the world is grim .
The possible collapse of our economy , a presidential election that 's literally indistinguishable from satire [ 2 ] , and unparalleled crises in energy and climate .
With this kind of uncertainty , I find it extremely difficult to stay focused and productive .
Then it hit me that 1 ) These really are big issues , 2 ) a drop in personal productivity is natural , and 3 ) there are things we can do to ameliorate some of the impact on our ability to work .
I 'd like to offer up some ideas that I hope will help .
I 'd love to hear yours too .
In no particular order :
Palin :
My attacks on Obama are n't ' mean - spirited ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday October 30 , 2008
Print This Email This Alaska Governor Sarah Palin insists that she never meant to call Barack Obama un-American , even though she has accused him of socialism and of paling around with terrorists .
When ABC's Elizabeth Vargas suggested in an interview broadcast Thursday on Good Morning America , " You seem to be saying that he is un-American somehow , " Palin quickly replied , " Not at all .
Not calling him un-American . "
" I am sure that Senator Obama cares as much for this country as McCain does , " Palin stated .
However , she also suggested that McCain 's patriotism is superior to Obama's , because " McCain has a strong , solid track record of his -- I think the manifestations of the opportunities that he 's had to prove that patriotism . "
Palin explained that her statements about Obama should be considered as no more than " calling someone out on their record , their associations " and that " it 's not mean - spirited , it 's not negative campaigning , it 's important and fair to the electorate . "
She added , " For the record ... I 'm not calling someone out on their love of country or level of patriotism . "
A excerpt from the interview that was released in advance created controversy when it made it appear that Palin does not expect McCain to prevail and is looking to the possibility of running herself in 2012 .
However , what Palin actually told Vargas -- using a phrase with multiple Biblical overtones -- is that she expects to win on Tuesday because " the wisdom of the people will be revealed on that day . "
Vargas also asked Palin about recent polls showing that her support among female voters has dropped .
" I do n't look at polls , so I would not be able to answer that , " Palin replied .
" You would have to poll one of those females , ask them . "
She suggested , though , that " negative spin " might be to blame and wondered why none of the the people who are calling her unqualified have asked to interview her .
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast October 30 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Corporate America is bleeding jobs and wielding the ax well beyond the financial sector .
The Chrysler LLC logo is seen during a news conference at Chrysler Headquarters in Auburn Hills , Michigan August 6 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
As companies look at their prospects for the final quarter of the year and begin to see increasingly grim outlooks for 2009 , they are cutting jobs from many different parts of their businesses .
They are also slashing capital spending and , in some cases , dividends and even wages .
Government figures released on Thursday showed the number of U.S. workers filing new claims for jobless benefits rose by 15,000 to a seasonally adjusted 478,000 in the week ended October 18 .
Whether it is a hotel company fearing declining bookings or room rates , a funds management company facing redemptions from clients who have seen the value of their investments plunge , or an office equipment firm facing slowing demand , many entities are urgently seeking to cut costs .
And the payroll is often the critical focus .
“ I suppose what we ’re really seeing is the movement that the government ’s been worried about , ” said John Challenger , chief executive officer of outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
“ How will the credit crisis move off of Wall Street and onto Main Street ?
Now we ’re able to see that .
These companies needed credit to keep their business going . ”
Here are a sample of announcements and reports from the past 36 hours :
* Chrysler LLC said on Thursday it is slashing 1,825 jobs after losing $ 1 billion in the first half of the year .
* Goldman Sachs Group
Inc plans to cut 10 percent of its staff , or almost 3,300 jobs after laying off hundreds of support staff and junior bankers in June .
* Money manager Janus Capital Group
Inc said it would cut 9 percent of its staff a day after rival AllianceBernstein Holding Holding LP said it would make unprecedented job cuts .
* Xerox Corp announced job cuts of 5 percent , or 3,000 positions , due to a “ tough business environment . ”
* Mining equipment maker Terex Corp said it would lay off hundreds of workers and suspend its share buyback program to preserve cash .
* Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
Inc said it plans to cut an unspecified number of jobs to offset slowing travel demand .
* United Parcel Service
Inc sees layoffs in 2009 as customers need less shipping due to cutbacks on holiday gift purchases .
* Computer systems vendor Agilysys
Inc cut three senior management positions and is consolidating headquarters in Ohio .
* Merck & Co Inc announced plans on Wednesday to cut 12 percent of its workforce , citing a need to change its business model in order to survive .
* Fidelity National Financial Inc , which controls one of the largest U.S. title insurers , announced 1,000 job cuts , office closings , a 10 percent pay cut and a 50 percent dividend cut
* Biotechnology company Maxygen
Inc plans to cut nearly 30 percent of its workforce and explore strategic options due to the current financial environment
* Popular Inc , parent of Banco Popular , is cutting 600 positions and more than a quarter of its branches in the United States .
Setting the stage for a collision of religion and politics , Christian ministers from 22 states plan to use their pulpits Sunday to deliver political sermons or endorse presidential candidates , defying a federal ban on campaigning by nonprofit groups .
The pastors ' advocacy would be a deliberate attempt to challenge IRS rules against political speech .
That would allow their patron , the conservative legal group Alliance Defense Fund , to challenge the IRS rules , a risky strategy that one defense fund attorney acknowledged could cost the churches their tax - exempt status .
Congress made it illegal in 1954 for tax - exempt groups to support or oppose political candidates publicly .
" I 'm going to talk about the un-biblical stands that Barack Obama takes .
Nobody who follows the Bible can vote for him , " said the Rev. Wiley S. Drake of First Southern Baptist Church of Buena Park , Calif .
" We may not be politically correct , but we are going to be biblically correct .
We are going to vote for those who follow the Bible . "
Drake was the target of a recent IRS investigation into his endorsement last year of former Arkansas governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee .
In the end , Drake was cleared .
Drake and 32 other pastors who have signed on to the " pulpit initiative " have sparked loud condemnations by fellow clergy and advocates of the separation of church and state .
( It was not clear yesterday whether any Massachusetts pastors would take part ; the Alliance Defense Fund 's website said participants will be named afterward . )
These critics , such as Americans United for Separation of Church and State , argue that Sunday 's sermons at churches in Oregon , Texas , New Mexico , Pennsylvania , and other states would violate federal tax law by politicizing the pulpit .
That , they believe , will undercut the independence churches have long enjoyed to speak out about moral and ethical issues in American life , including women 's suffrage , child labor and civil rights .
" The integrity of the religious community is at stake when religion and politics become entangled , " said the Rev. Eric Williams of the North Congregational United Church of Christ in Columbus , Ohio .
Williams was recruited for the defense fund but instead joined with 54 other Christian and Jewish clergy members to file a complaint against the initiative with the IRS .
The religious leaders asked the agency to stop the Arizona - based defense fund from recruiting churches and to investigate whether its efforts may jeopardize its own tax - exempt status .
A separate group of 180 ministers , rabbis , and imams also has sought to counter the initiative .
Members of the Interfaith Alliance - which includes the nation 's top Episcopal bishop - have signed a pledge to refrain from electioneering in their houses of worship .
" Political activity and political expressions are very important , but partisan politics are . . . a death knell to the prophetic freedom that any religious organization must protect , " said the Rev. Ed Bacon , rector of All Saints Episcopal Church in Pasadena , Calif. , who signed the pledge .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
A common idiom in ruby is to call a method only if its receiver is not nil :
thing .foo if thing
or :
thing && thing .
foo
Various libraries exist for making this a little more convenient .
You can use andand , or if you are using Facets you can use ergo .
And seriously , you should be using them – they make your code cleaner and more succinct .
But do n’t let the existence of these libraries give you the idea that having null - checks throughout your code is OK .
It ’s not .
Pervasive null tests are a code smell .
If you find you are using the elvis operator or its equivalent everywhere , you most likely have a design problem .
Is it really OK for that attribute to ever be null ?
In a lot of cases the existence of a null attribute or association is indicative of an insufficiently specified contract .
Maybe you should be setting that attribute to a default value at initialization , or requiring an explicit value for it at initialization .
If it really is OK for that attribute to be null , consider whether you should be using a Null Object or some kind of default placeholder object rather than generic nil .
Checking for null is almost always an implementation detail , not a part of the domain you are modeling .
As such the null check should be isolated to the boundaries of your code , or eliminated altogether .
Code that constantly checks if things are null has an insecurity complex , always second - guessing itself .
Make your code self - confident .
Eliminate null checks wherever you can .
1329431 story
forrestm writes " At home , my internet connection is limited to 1GB / month before I have to pay extra .
At my university , I 'm charged around 2.5 c per megabyte .
I rarely download anything big , but I often go through a large amount of bandwidth by simply browsing around .
For example , when I play a YouTube video , click a link , and then return to the video , the whole video reloads .
When I read some websites , such as BoingBoing . net or Cnet.com , my status bar shows a whole lot of data being transferred through other domains .
Some pages seem to send / receive data at certain intervals for the duration of my visit .
When I begin to enter a search in Firefox 's search bar , a list of suggestions is automatically downloaded .
In addition to this , Firefox often requests internet access of its own accord , even though I have automatic updating turned off .
All this is costing me !
How do I stop unsolicited use of my internet connection ?
How do I go about not wasting bandwidth like this ? "
AMD may have seemingly taken a back seat to Intel , in terms of the desktop processor performance crown but you can be sure they plan a whole lot of catch - up in the race for the future platform evolutions that will meld general purpose compute architectures with specialized core engines .
A few weeks ago , we told you about AMD 's plans to position their corporate brand around their upcoming Fusion architecture and now it appears AMD has also launched a Fusion site with a myriad of multi-media content offerings , including images , video and this white paper .
In various bits of collateral , AMD speaks of the Fusion architecutre as not only the integration of traditional general - purpose multi-core architecutres along with graphics but also other core and engines to tackle additonal specialized tasks .
Source : AMD
Proclaiming that 2008 will be the dawn of the heterogeneous multi-core processor , AMD states that scaling the number of traditional CPU cores to improve application performance is n't the most efficient path .
Source : AMD
Instead , AMD 's vision of combining not only CPU and GPU resources but providing on - board engines for specialized functions and external links via HyperTransport , will offer orders of magnitude higher throughput and power efficiency .
From the white paper ...
High - end video conferencing systems available today deliver an experience so realistic that it looks like the person you are conferencing with is actually sitting on the other side of the table .
However , this type of conferencing capability is generally limited to enterprise organizations with financial resources that can support this level of conferencing .
The accelerated computing framework provides a pathway toward creating high - quality video conferencing on the desktop at a reasonable cost to end users .
It seems like AMD means busines with respect to the Fusion campaign and they 've pulled out all the stops with a series of videos plugging their mantra .
There are of course a few glowing endorsements from current AMD customers as well .
Finally , you can also download the AMD " Fusion for Gaming " utility here , that we 've previewed for you recently .
Designed to help optimize your PC for smoother , more responsive game play in the latest PC games with the touch of a button , the AMD Fusion for Gaming utility helps achieve the performance edge previously only available to highly technical enthusiasts .
It works by temporarily shutting down background processes and intensifying processor performance with AMD Boost .
That means you can keep all the features of Microsoft® Windows Vista® ready for when you need them , but turn them off when you are ready to get down to serious business – gaming .
We have n't spent too much time with the application just yet but will report back to you when we know more about its relative usefulness .
Welcome to Dream Moods !
You are entering the mysterious and fascinating world of dreams , where the rules of reality do not apply .
We hope that Dream Moods will help you make sense of your dreams and achieve a better understanding of them .
We are dedicated to help you find the key to unlocking and interpreting the meanings to your dreams .
In understanding your dreams , you will gain a clearer view on your personal relationships , an uncensored view of your real feelings and a better perspective on life issues .
We realize that your dreams are unique ; no other individual can have your personal background , your emotions , or your experiences .
Thus , your own dreams can only be connected to your own " reality " .
With this in mind , it is important to draw from your personal life and experiences when interpreting a dream .
International teaser trailer for “ ” has been released .
Take a look below . [ flv ]
http://cache01-videos02.myspacecdn.com/22/vid_6e5455903f8c57e174de4b16e244415d.flv[/flv]
“ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” is scheduled to hit theaters on July 17 , 2009 .
BERLIN ( AP )  Germany 's upper house of parliament has voted unanimously to give final approval to a euro500 billion ( $ 675 billion ) rescue package for the country 's financial markets .
Earlier Friday , Germany 's lower house of parliament overwhelmingly approved the rescue package for the country 's financial markets , clearing the way for approval in the upper house .
" We hope that the law passed today will hinder the worst from happening to the financial markets , " said Peter Struck , parliamentary leader for the Social Democrats , which make up half of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition government .
The German plan , approved Monday by Merkel 's Cabinet , is part of a coordinated European bailout effort in the face of nervous , volatile markets .
The plan has been approved by Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Cabinet and now goes to President Horst Koehler for formal approval later Friday .
Earlier this week , Merkel warned the lower house that " the danger for financial market stability has not yet been banished . "
" We must , by approving this bill , as quickly as possible create the basis for calming the situation on the markets , " she said .
The German package foresees up to euro400 billion in lending guarantees for banks .
On top of that comes as much as euro80 billion to recapitalize banks and , if necessary , buy up risky assets ; plus euro20 billion to back up the guarantees .
The sums are considered a maximum , and might not all be spent if the financial crisis eases .
Merkel has stressed that there will be " no payment without a trade - off . "
Banks seeking capital help will have to comply with government - set conditions that could include limits on managers ' pay and directions on lending policy .
Lawmakers voted 476 in favor and 99 against the plan , with one abstention .
Ahead of the vote , leaders of the opposition Greens and Left Party said their members would cast their ballots against the package , while the pro-business Free Democrats said they would join Merkel 's governing coalition of Christian Democrats and Social Democrats in approving it .
It was also widely expected to pass the upper house where the government holds a wide majority .
President Horst Koehler was then to sign it into law by the end of the day .
The package comes a day after Germany , Europe 's biggest economy , lowered its GDP growth estimate for 2009 by a full percentage point to 0.2 % because of uncertainty in the world financial systems .
In the past week , Germany 's DAX index of the country 's 30 biggest companies has pitched through positive and negative closings , largely following Wall Street 's lead .
It closed down nearly 5 % on Thursday , though was up some 3 % early Friday .
The swings were primarily caused by financial stocks , as investors tried to assess what impact the rescue package might have and how large the economic fallout from the credit crisis would be .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
« previous post | next post »
One of the things that marks Sarah Palin as a linguistic outsider is her use of also .
In part , this is just a matter of frequency .
In her contribution to last night 's vice - presidential debate , she used the word also 48 times in about 7600 words , accounting for about 0.63 % of her words .
Her opponent , Joe Biden , used also only 3 times in about 7200 words .
Relative to the rates seen in large and representative corpora , Gov. Palin used also about 5 to 10 times more often than expected , while Sen .
Biden used also about 2 to 3 times less often than expected
[ Details :
In the million - word Brown corpus , also occurs 1,069 times , accounting for about 0.11 % of all words .
In the 100 - million - word British National Corpus , also occurs 123,559 times , for a rate of about 0.12 % .
In Mark Davies ' Corpus of Contemporary American English , there are 429,214 instances of also in 360 million words , for a rate of about 0.12 % .
In the collection of American English conversational speech at LDC Online , amounting to a bit more than 26 million words , also occurs 16,579 times , for a rate of about 0.06 % . ]
But the most striking thing about Gov. Palin 's affinity for this word is how she used it , not how often .
13 out of her 48 examples ( 27 % ) were sentence - final , at least as the CNN transcript marks sentence boundaries , e.g .
And I thank the commission , also .
And I may not answer the questions that either the moderator or you want to hear , but I 'm going to talk straight to the American people and let them know my track record also .
That is not so , but because that 's just a quick answer , I want to talk about , again , my record on energy versus your ticket 's energy ticket , also .
And that 's what John McCain and I would engage in also .
I 'm sure that we 're going to see more success there , also .
The surge principles , not the exact strategy , but the surge principles that have worked in Iraq need to be implemented in Afghanistan , also .
That 's not what we 're doing there .
We 're fighting terrorists , and we 're securing democracy , and we 're building schools for children there so that there is opportunity in that country , also .
There will be a big difference there , and we will win in — in Afghanistan , also .
But as for as Darfur , we can agree on that also , the supported of the no-fly zone , making sure that all options are on the table there also .
[ Note : I 'm cutting and pasting from the CNN transcript , without checking it . ]
And 18 of Gov. Palin 's other alsos ( 37.5 % ) were also , we might say , peripheral — initial , or between clauses , or among a pile of adverbs at the start or end of a clause , e.g .
Also as we rely more and more on other countries that do n't care as much about the climate as we do , we 're allowing them to produce and to emit and even pollute more than America would ever stand for .
But in that tolerance also , no one would ever propose , not in a McCain - Palin administration , to do anything to prohibit , say , visitations in a hospital or contracts being signed , negotiated between parties .
Can we talk about Afghanistan real quick , also , though ?
And I 've joined this team that is a team of mavericks with John McCain , also , with his track record of reform , where we 're known for putting partisan politics aside to just get the job done .
One thing that Americans do at this time , also , though , is let 's commit ourselves just every day American people , Joe Six Pack , hockey moms across the nation , I think we need to band together and say never again .
And Secretary Rice , having recently met with leaders on one side or the other there , also , still in these waning days of the Bush administration , trying to forge that peace , and that needs to be done , and that will be top of an agenda item , also , under a McCain - Palin administration .
We 've been there also so that connection was important .
And I appreciate , too , Sen .
Biden , getting to meet you , finally , also , and getting to debate with you .
That 's 65 % of her alsos on the edges of clauses .
Three alsos also appeared between verbs and complements :
We need to make sure that we demand from the federal government strict oversight of those entities in charge of our investments and our savings and we need also to not get ourselves in debt .
There is something to be said also for man 's activities , but also for the cyclical temperature changes on our planet .
Only 9 of her 48 alsos ( about 19 % ) fell in a clause - medial position between subject and verb phrase ( e.g. between subject and tensed verb , or between auxiliary and main verb , or between subject and predicate in a copular sentence ) :
Now , Barack Obama and Sen. Biden also voted for the largest tax increases in U.S. history .
And he also wants to erase those artificial lines between states so that through competition , we can cross state lines and if there 's a better plan offered somewhere else , we would be able to purchase that .
So affordability and accessibility will be the keys there with that $ 5,000 tax credit also being offered .
And we also have John McCain to thank for bringing in a bipartisan effort people to the table so that we can start putting politics aside , even putting a campaign aside , and just do what 's right to fix this economic problem that we are in .
And now we have to be ever vigilant and also making sure that credit markets do n't seize up .
But I also want to clarify , if there 's any kind of suggestion at all from my answer that I would be anything but tolerant of adults in America choosing their partners , choosing relationships that they deem best for themselves , you know , I am tolerant and I have a very diverse family and group of friends and even within that group you would see some who may not agree with me on this issue , some very dear friends who do n't agree with me on this issue .
You also said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief .
We can start putting more troops in Afghanistan as we also work with our NATO allies who are there strengthening us and we need to grow our military .
And those leaders who are over there , who have also been advising George Bush on this have not said anything different but that .
In contrast , in a random sample of 100 alsos from the COCA corpus , 79 % fell in one of the pre-predicate locations ( e.g. " they are also unalterably opposed to " , " She also has helped develop " , " Uncle Sam also lavished money on " , " Ronald Reagan has also had a notable impact on " , " She also was a substitute teacher " , " He was also the son of " , etc . )
Only 9 % were " peripheral " — all clause - initial , in this sample — compared to 65 % of Gov. Palin 's alsos .
The remaining 12 % of alsos in my little test sample were a mixture of quasi-idioms ( " not only __ but also __ " , " also known as __ " , " see also __ " ) and general conjunctive uses ( " __ and also __ " ) .
Summarizing in tabular form :
Clause - medial pre-predicate Clause - peripheral Palin 19 % 65 % COCA 79 % 9 %
This is enough to make me believe that there 's more here than an increased fondness for the word also in general .
Gov. Palin's also is not just unusually frequent , it 's also unusual in its distribution of uses .
But it 's not at all clear to me whether this is an individual quirk , or a matter of regional or cultural variation .
And if it 's more than an individual quirk , is it an innovation or a survival ?
One argument in favor of the " survival " theory : the frequency of peripheral uses of also ( in various spellings ) in Middle English and Early Modern English ; thus from the OED 's citations :
c1386 CHAUCER Frankl .
T. 870 The sorwe of Dorigen he tolde hym als .
1470 HARDING Chron .
xxxi , Sixe temples he made , in Cambre & Logres als .
1596 SPENSER F.Q. I. ix .
18 Als Una earnd her traveill to renew .
c1603 JAMES I Chorus Ven. in Farr S.P. 3
With viols , gitterne , cistiers als .
1642 H. MORE Song of Soul III .
App. liv ,
Als see whose lovely friendship you decline .
I have n't counted , but I 'm pretty sure that the frequency of clause - final also in ( say ) Chaucer must be greater than the 0.5 % or so found in COCA , and closer to Gov. Palin 's 27 % .
One argument in favor of the individual quirk : Gov. Palin also used too 14 times , which is about 2.6 times greater than the expected rate based on corpus frequencies .
As for Joe Biden , one of his three alsos was not in a canonical location , instead boldly splitting an infinitive :
And what we 're not going to also hold up on , Gwen , is we cannot afford to hold up on providing for incentives for new jobs by an energy policy , creating new jobs .
Another was part of an abandoned sentence fragment , but apparently would have been in the now - usual pre-predicate location :
I would also , when asked if I wanted a portfolio , my response was , no .
That 's where his remaining also was placed :
We also are going to make sure that we do not go forward with the tax cut proposals of the administration — of John McCain , the existing one for people making over $ 250,000 , which is $ 130 billion this year alone .
[ Update : a conservative Alaskan linguist ( Adrian at Conservative Hipster ) writes ( " Palin's Accent " , 10/4/2008 ) :
Palin uses a bunch of “ cute ” turns of phrase : saying “ nuclear ” as “ nucular ” , saying “ you betcha ” , and using also much more than most people .
The first and last of these are actually things I do as well .
So on this testimony , at least the increased frequency of also is a regional marker , and this makes it more likely that the peripheral distribution is as well . ]
Permalink
Although anthropologists and evolutionary biologists are still debating this question , a new study , published in the open- access journal PLoS ONE , supports the view that the first egalitarian societies may have appeared tens of thousands of years before the French Revolution , Marx , and Lenin .
These societies emerged rapidly through intense power struggle and their origin had dramatic implications for humanity .
In many mammals living in groups , including hyenas , meerkats , and dolphins , group members form coalitions and alliances that allow them to increase their dominance status and their access to mates and other resources .
Alliances are especially common in great apes , some of whom have very intense social life , where they are constantly engaged in a political maneuvering as vividly described in Frans de Waal 's " Chimpanzee politics " .
In spite of this , the great apes ' societies are very hierarchical with each animal occupying a particular place in the existing dominance hierarchy .
A major function of coalitions in apes is to maintain or change the dominance ranking .
When an alpha male is well established , he usually can intimidate any hostile coalition or the entire community .
In sharp contrast , most known hunter - gatherer societies are egalitarian .
Their weak leaders merely assist a consensus - seeking process when the group needs to make decisions , but otherwise all main political actors behave as equal .
Some anthropologists argue that in egalitarian societies the pyramid of power is turned upside down with potential subordinates being able to express dominance over potential alpha - individuals by creating large , group - wide political alliance .
What were the reasons for such a drastic change in the group 's social organization during the origin of our own " uniquely unique " species ?
Some evolutionary biologists theorize that at some point in the Pleistocene , humans reached a level of ecological dominance that dramatically transformed the natural selection landscape .
Instead of traditional " hostile forces of nature " , the competitive interactions among members of the same group became the most dominant evolutionary factor .
According to this still controversial view , known as the " social brain " or " Machiavellian intelligence " hypothesis , more intelligent individuals were able to take advantage of other members of their group , achieve higher social status , and leave more offspring who inherited their parent 's genes for larger brain size and intelligence .
As a result of this runaway process , the average brain size and intelligenc e were increasing across the whole human lineage .
Also increasing were the abilities to keep track of within - group social interactions , to remember friends and their allies and enemies , and to attract and use allies .
At some point , physically weaker members of the group started forming successful and stable large coalitions against strong individuals who otherwise would achieve alpha-status and usurp the majority of the crucial resources .
Eventually , an egalitarian society was established .
Although some of its components are well supported by data , this scenario remains highly controversial .
One reason is its complexity which makes it difficult to interpret the data and to intuit the consequences of interactions between multiple evolutionary , ecological , behavioral , and social factors acting simultaneously .
It is also tricky to evaluate relevant time - scales and figure out possible evolutionary dynamics .
A paper published in PLoS ONE today makes steps towards answering these challenges .
The paper is co-authored by Sergey Gavrilets , a theoretical evolutionary biologist , and two computer scientists , Edgar Duenez - Guzman and Michael Vose , all from the University of Tennessee , Knoxville .
The researchers built a complex mathematical model describing the process of alliance formation which they then studied using analytical methods and large - scale numerical simulations .
The model focuses on a group of individuals who vary strongly in their fighting abilities .
If all conflicts were exclusively between pairs of individuals , a hierarchy would emerge with a few strongest individuals getting most of the resource .
However , there is also a tendency ( very small initially ) for individuals to interfere in an ongoing dyadic conflict thus biasing its outcome one way or another .
Positive outcomes of such interferences increase the affinities between individuals while negative outcomes decrease them .
Naturally , larger coalitions have higher probability of winning a conflict .
Gavrilets and colleagues identified conditions under which alliances can emerge in the group : increasing group size , growing awareness of ongoing conflicts , better abilities in attracting allies and building complex coalitions , and better memories of past events .
Most interestingly , the model shows that the shift from a group with no alliances to one or more alliances typically occurs suddenly , within several generations , in a phase - transition like fashion .
Even more surprisingly , under certain conditions ( which include some cultural inheritance of social networks ) a single alliance comprising all members of the group can emerge in which resources are divided evenly .
That is , the competition among non-equal individuals can paradoxically result in their eventual equality .
Gavrilets and colleagues argue that such an " egalitarian revolution " could also follow a change in the mating system that would increase father - son social bonds or an increase in fidelity of cultural inheritance of social networks .
Interestingly , the fact that mother - daughter social bonds are often very strong in apes suggests ( everything else being the same ) that females could more easily achieve egalitarian societies .
The model also highlights the importance of the presence of outsiders ( or " scapegoats " ) for stability of small alliances .
The researchers suggest that the establishment of a stable group - wide egalitarian alliance should create conditions promoting the origin of conscience , moralistic aggression , altruism , and other cultural norms favoring group interests over those of individuals .
Increasing within - group cohesion should also promote the group efficiency in between - group conflicts and intensify cultural group selection .
" Our language probably emerged to simplify the formation and improve the efficiency of coalitions and alliances , " says Gavrilets .
The scientists caution that one should be careful in applying their model to contemporary humans ( whether members of modern societies or hunter - gathers ) .
In contemporary humans , an individual 's decision to join coalitions is strongly affected by his / her estimates of costs , benefits , and risks associated as well as by cultural beliefs and traditions .
These are the factors explicitly left outside of the modeling framework .
In humans , a secondary transition from egalitarian societies to hierarchical states took place as the first civilizations were emerging .
How can it be understood in terms of the model discussed ?
One can speculate that technological and cultural advances made the coalition size much less important in controlling the outcome of a conflict than the individuals ' ability to directly control and use resources ( e.g. weapons , information , food ) that strongly influence the outcomes of conflicts .
Citation : Gavrilets S , Duenez - Guzman EA , Vose MD ( 2008 ) Dynamics of Alliance Formation and the Egalitarian Revolution .
PLoS ONE 3 ( 10 ) : e3293 . doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0003293
dx.plos.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0003293
Source : Public Library of Science
Explore further 5 things the pandemic has revealed about the Australian psyche
Lethal Dos is a small ( as in two guys ) graphic design studio from Los Angeles specializing in layout production , logo design , illustration , and small but impressive web sites .
And Mexican wrestling .
As Sean Hannity , Rick Davis and John McCain step up their personal attacks on Barack Obama , a funny thing happened on the way to the smear fest .
It seems John McCain has some prior associations he would rather not have revealed .
I mean real ones .
Check out this group .
GOP presidential nominee John McCain has past connections to a private group that supplied aid to guerrillas seeking to overthrow the leftist government of Nicaragua in the Iran - Contra affair .
The U.S. Council for World Freedom was part of an international organization linked to former Nazi collaborators and ultra - right - wing death squads in Central America .
The group was dedicated to stamping out communism around the globe .
The council 's founder , retired Army Maj. Gen. John Singlaub , said McCain became associated with the organization in the early 1980s as McCain was launching his political career in Arizona .
Singlaub said McCain was a supporter but not an active member in the group .
Oh , my .
Playing the Guilt by Association Game does n't seem to be a good idea for McCain with friends like those .
Paul Begala tried to warn him on Meet the Press :
MR. BEGALA : Well , no .
Obama was — he was asked about this in a debate in a primaries with Hillary Clinton sitting there ; George Stephanopoulos of ABC asked him about it .
He answered it .
He pointed out that the despicable acts this guy committed were committed when , apparently , Barack Obama was eight years old .
And , and I think Governor Palin here is making a strategic mistake .
This guilt by association path is going to be trouble ultimately for the McCain campaign .
You know , you can go back — I ’ve written a book about McCain .
I had a dozen researchers go through him .
I did n’t even put this in the book .
But John McCain sat on the board of a very right - wing organization .
It was the U.S. Council for World Freedom .
It was chaired by a guy named John Singlaub , who wound up involved in the Iran - Contra scandal .
It was an ultraconservative right - wing group .
The Anti-Defamation League , in 1981 , when McCain was on the board , said this about this organization .
It was affiliated with the World Anti-Communist League , the parent organization , which ADL said , “ has increasingly become a gathering place , a forum , a point of contact for extremists , racists and Anti-Semites . ”
Now , that ’s not John McCain .
I do n’t think he is that .
But , but , you know , the problem is that a lot of people know John McCain ’s record better than Governor Palin , and he does not want to play guilt by association or this thing could blow up in his face .
This excuse does n't seem to fly either .
Many media outlets have dispatched reporters to the Caribbean and Gulf Coast , hoping to get a first - hand account of Hurricanes Gustav , Hanna and Ike .
Maybe next hurricane season , Matt Soniak can join them .
( We 'll start saving . )
For now , his contribution to the national weather conversation is this hurricane FAQ .
Let 's start small .
What is a hurricane ?
Tropical cyclones are storm systems that develop in the tropics , characterized by a low pressure center and thunderstorms that produce strong winds , rain and storm surges .
" Tropical cyclone "  is a generic term that refers to the storms ' geographic origin and cyclonic rotation around a central " eye . " 
Depending on their location and strength , the storms are called by other names .
When a tropical cyclone occurs in the Atlantic Ocean and has winds with a sustained speed of at least 74 miles per hour , it 's called a hurricane .
The same storm occurring in the northwestern Pacific Ocean would be called a typhoon .
What 's the difference between a hurricane and a tropical storm ?
It 's a matter of wind speed .
Tropical cyclones , when they 're just starting out as general areas of low pressure with the potential to strengthen , are called tropical depressions .
They 're given a sequential number as they form during the storm season .
Once a storm 's winds kick up to 39 mph and sustain that speed for 10 minutes , it becomes a tropical storm , and the National Hurricane Center gives it a name ( more on this later ) .
If the storm keeps growing and wind speeds hit 74 mph , we call it a hurricane .
Once we call it a hurricane , how do we categorize it ?
We look to the Saffir - Simpson Hurricane Scale , developed as a classification system for tropical cyclones in the Western Hemisphere in 1971 by structural engineer Herbert Saffir and meteorologist Robert Simpson , who was director of the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) at the time .
When Saffir was working for the United Nations to study low - cost housing in hurricane - prone areas , it struck him that there was no scale for describing hurricanes and their damaging effects in a simple way , like the Richter scale is used to describe earthquakes .
He created a 1 " “ 5 scale based on wind speed and sent it off to the NHC .
Simpson expanded Saffir 's work to include the effects of storm surge and flooding and began using it at the Center .
If you want to see a breakdown of the scale , head here .
Is there anything worse than a Category 5 ?
Not on paper , but there have been hurricanes that have gone beyond the upper bounds of the scale .
Hurricane Wilma , which hit the U.S. in 2005 , was the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic , with winds peaking at 175 mph .
Hypothetically , hurricanes could get even worse .
The storms use warm water to fuel themselves .
As ocean temperatures rise , climatologists predict that potential hurricane intensity will increase .
But do n't expect the scale to change .
Both Saffir and Simpson have said that there 's no need to add more categories because once the winds go beyond 156 mph , the damage looks the same : really bad .
How do hurricanes get their Names ?
Since Europeans first came to the Americas and the Caribbean , hurricanes were named using a variety of systems .
First they were named after Catholic saints .
Later on , the latitude - longitude positions of a storm 's formation was used as a name .
This was a little too cumbersome to use in conversation .
Military meteorologists started giving female names to storms during World War II , and in 1950 the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) adopted the method .
The WMO devised a system of rotating , alphabetical names .
( Names can be retired at WMO meetings by request from a nation that has been hit by the storm .
The name is then not used for 10 years , which makes historic references and insurance claims easier . )
In 1979 , the system was given a dose of political correctness : male names were added to the list , as were French and Spanish names , reflecting the languages of the nations affected by hurricanes .
Today , the WMO uses six lists of 21 names ( Q , U , X , Y and Z names are not used ) that it cycles through every six years , with the gender of the season 's first storm alternating year to year , and genders alternating through the rest of the hurricane season .
If there are more than 21 named storms in a year , as there were in 2005 , the rest of the storms are named for letters in the Greek alphabet .
Occasionally , a storm suffers something of an identity crisis and has its name changed .
This happens when a storm crosses from one ocean to another , or if it dies down and then redevelops .
Will my name be a hurricane this year ?
If your name is Nana , then yes .
The names being used for the 2008 season are Arthur , Bertha , Cristobal , Dolly , Edouard , Fay , Gustav , Hanna , Ike , Josephine , Kyle , Laura , Marco , Nana , Omar , Paloma , Rene , Sally , Teddy , Vicky and Wilfred .
as markets have lost confidence in mortgage - backed securities , their prices have dropped sharply .
Yet the value of many of these assets will likely be higher than their current price , because the vast majority of Americans will ultimately pay off their mortgages .
The government is the one institution with the patience and resources to buy these assets at their current low prices and hold them until markets return to normal .
And when that happens , money will flow back to the Treasury as these assets are sold .
And we expect that much , if not all , of the tax dollars we invest will be paid back .
Un animateur de radio très pro
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Code embed
Voila un parfait exemple de professionnalisme à toutes épreuves .
Pendant un live sur la radio grecque City 99.5 FM , Un incendie se déclare dans les studios mais l'animateur ne bouge pas d'un poil et continue à faire son papier .
feu grece radio studio
NEW YORK -- Sen .
John McCain badly needs the cash infusion and momentum from a Tuesday night fund - raiser in New York .
But the senator 's recent demonizing of Wall Street made it tough to lure contributors , with Wall Street and corporate executives balancing their aggravation with the Republican presidential hopeful against their rising unease about his Democratic opponent .
The McCain campaign hopes to raise $ 7 million at the event at a midtown Manhattan hotel .
For $ 25,000 , guests get a sit - down dinner and a photo with the Arizona ...
Update : Laptops are out .
DETAILS HERE .
There is a sub $ 1000 laptop .
Details of this tip turned out to be inaccurate .
The price list existed , the first item was a $ 899 monitor , not a laptop .
Original post :
Some Apple retailers in the United States have been given price lists for a new Apple laptop line , and there ’s a big surprise : an $ 800 laptop .
The information comes from a source we would categorize as reliable , would have access to such information , and who has been accurate in the past .
According to the source , Apple retail stores have been given price sheets that list 12 price points for the new range , with prices between $ 800 - $ 3100 .
Current lines only have 8 price points , 3 Macbooks starting at $ 1099 , 3 Macbook Pros and 2 Macbook Airs .
According to the source , retail outlets usually get the price lists 10 days before products hit the market .
Technical specs for the new laptops were not included on the price sheet .
An $ 800 laptop would be the first sub - $ 1000 laptop offered by Apple , and would signal a shift from Cupertino to target a broader range of price sensitive customers for the first time .
Whether this laptop is a sub-laptop or ultra-portable we simply do n’t know , it could be Apple more aggressively pricing their new Macbook range , or it could be a completely new laptop altogether , presumably utilizing the much discussed “ Apple Brick ” manufacturing process ( pic above ) .
What we do know is that there will be four additional price points , so unless the updated versions of existing lines are offered with more options , we would presume that Apple may actually launch an entirely new laptop .
More Recent Coverage
Apple Announces New Notebooks and Displays
The Cult of Mac Still Safe From The Unwashed Masses
Apple Tells Silverlight to Step Away From the iPhone
Apple Announces iPhone Tech Talk Tour
Is Apple Finally Gunning for Microsoft ?
Why Apple selling HD Televisions makes sense
Apple patents OS X dock , imitators may be targeted
Apple Everywhere : New Brick Images , New iPhone Rumors
Mona Mond had a plan -- and it did n’t include Wall Street going haywire and giving up a three - bedroom house with a half - acre yard for a small apartment .
She ’d married a man with a career on Wall Street , and at the very least she was going to live in a house , preferably brand new , with a Jacuzzi in her bedroom and a pool in that yard .
There ’d be a maid -- and no skimping , no worrying that any day Amar , her husband , would lose his job .
The Monds would retire early with $ 10 million to $ 12 million in a rock - solid retirement account that would spew off enough interest to keep them going until . . . well . . . they actually got old .
Because that ’s how it goes during good times on Wall Street .
Advertisement
But now there are no sure bets -- “ the Street ” is besieged by instability .
“ I ’m so angry , ” says Mona , who is 32 and about to have a second child .
“ We are living so tight , and we feel so limited .
I wanted a big nice house .
. . .
This was planned . ”
With the implosion of Wall Street , Mona ’s plan has been upended along with so much else in the world financial capital in New York .
Families of thousands of Wall Street employees , whether they ’re high - flying fund managers , traders , computer programmers or secretaries , are being forced to adjust to withered expectations .
For those who still have jobs , their income is still substantial but likely this year to be smaller , and families are cutting back on their spending and their dreaming .
Advertisement
Over the last year as Lehman Bros. , Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch and others were swallowed up by other banks , thousands of jobs vanished and billions of dollars were lost .
With experts predicting more layoffs , some are just giving up on Wall Street .
Carlos Alvarez has not been able to find a job on Wall Street since he left Credit Suisse last spring with the hope of making more money as a trader .
He is taking a position with a company near his home in northern New Jersey .
No one is happier than his wife , Fran .
“ I never liked the whole Gordon Gekko greed image , ” she says , referring to the Michael Douglas character from the film “ Wall Street ” whose mantra is “ greed is good . ”
“ I can see how America can feel like Wall Street is the bad guys .
But I never felt we were part of it . ”
--
Advertisement
About 185,000 people work in the securities industry in New York -- the hard - core Wall Street world of investment firms , banks and hedge funds .
The average income is about $ 365,000 , although top - flight managers typically make many millions more .
( In New York ’s broader financial community of banks and insurance firms the average is $ 228,000 . )
It ’s hard to have sympathy for people who make that much money when the average New Yorker makes $ 85,000 .
But beyond the tales of fat cats having to make it on $ 250 million when they used to get by on $ 1 billion , there are stories of families reeling during this downturn .
Many insist they are as much a part of Main Street as the denigrated Wall Street .
In interviews with several Wall Street wives whose husbands ’ big earnings are in jeopardy , they describe the pain of walking through malls and boutiques -- how it hurts knowing they can’t grab a few things for themselves that might catch their fancy .
They tell themselves this will pass .
Wall Street shrinks during tough times , but it always comes back .
But what if it does n’t this time ?
Many admit to being in the dark about their husbands ’ prospects at the bank or for finding new jobs -- if it comes to that .
They ’re keeping up on Wall Street ’s woes , obsessively watching the news crawls .
But the devastation hits home , they say , when they witness their husbands ’ panic attacks in the middle of the night .
Advertisement
For months , Mona has anxiously awaited daily calls from her husband while he is at work .
They live in Edison , a comfortable suburb in central New Jersey and a 90 - minute commute by train from her husband ’s office in Manhattan .
For the last two years , Amar , 36 , has run a technology unit in the capital markets division for Lehman Bros.
until it went bankrupt and was bought in part by Barclays .
He ’s still there , adjusting with the change in management .
His salary at Lehman ’s was $ 400,000 , including a bonus and restricted stock options .
Amar ’s base salary , about $ 200,000 , remains the same , but there are no reports yet on what will happen to 2008 bonuses and options .
During their daily calls , Mona is usually out with their 3 - year - old daughter , Karen -- doing errands or dropping her at the Little Geniuses preschool in a strip mall .
“ Is everything all right today ? ” she asks .
“ Do you have meetings ? ”
Advertisement
At the same time she ’s thinking to herself , “ He called about the meeting because something ’s going on , maybe layoffs ? ”
Usually , he ’s distracted while they ’re talking .
“ He ’s always looking at numbers , millions and billions of dollars , going up and down .
The amount gives him some kind of reason to go on , ” she says .
“ He wants to do right for the company , but he ’s stressed all the time , and when he comes home he never smiles . ”
On the morning of Black Monday , Sept. 15 , Mona , then six months pregnant , was outside an operating room waiting to have a mastectomy because of breast cancer .
Her husband knew Lehman would be declaring bankruptcy that morning .
“ We were n’t talking about my surgery , ” she recalls .
“ I kept asking him , ‘ When the company goes bankrupt , do you still have insurance for THAT day ? ’ ”
Advertisement
For the last few years as Amar watched Wall Street banks unravel and his own investments founder , he had tried to ratchet back his family ’s lifestyle .
“ I wish we had invested more conservatively , ” Mona says , “ but when you ’re on Wall Street that ’s the game because you know , or at least you think you know , so much you can be a millionaire in 20 years and get out . ”
--
They had tried to get out after Sept. 11 , 2001 , when Mona spent the day roaming Queens Boulevard where they lived as she waited for her husband to come home .
His office was adjacent to the World Trade Center towers that fell .
He made it safely to Queens that night , but shortly after , the Monds fled to California near Mona ’s family for a less pressured life .
But after two months they were back in New York , and Amar was on Wall Street .
Advertisement
“ We realized we had gotten used to the pace of the city , ” she says .
After returning they bought their first house , the three bedroom with the half - acre yard in Colonia , N.J. , a leafy bedroom community in Middlesex County .
It did n’t match their shiny dream house ; still , Mona was able to furnish it to their taste .
But after a few years , as Amar saw home prices climbing , he was convinced the bubble would burst .
The Monds sold their house and moved to a two - bedroom apartment in a modest complex filled with immigrants from India .
“ Here in Jersey you just have to have a house unless you ’re just a fresh immigrant , ” says Mona , who thinks she should be past that stage .
Twenty years ago , she moved from the Punjab state in India to Santa Clara , Calif. , where she lived with her parents in another two - bedroom apartment .
“ It ’s ironic but I feel even poorer now , ” she adds .
“ Maybe it ’s because . . . we got used to having things .
Now we want things more , and it ’s heartbreaking for us . ”
Advertisement
The couple had n’t owned the Colonia house long enough to make much of a profit , and whatever they made was piled into investments that soured with the credit crisis or stagnated in markets overseas .
Last year they sold their fully loaded Nissan Maxima for a small minivan .
They stopped going to movies and let the cleaning woman go .
But some habits are hard to break .
Buying back - to - school clothes for her daughter this fall , Mona knew she should have gone to Walmart , but she ended up charging $ 500 at Gap .
“ I felt good , ” she says .
“ It ’s not rational .
I can go with bad clothes , but I do n’t want Karen to .
. . .
It ’s a silly , silly thing I did . ”
A petite woman with large dark eyes and a wedge of shiny black hair , Mona covers her face with her elegant hands .
She is the guest for a rare lunch out at a Cheesecake Factory .
Karen is singing and dancing in the aisle while her mother talks about avoiding malls and other temptations .
Advertisement
“ If we make it through the next 18 months , I can put my baby in day care and go find a job , ” says Mona , who has worked in finance .
Later , she describes bitterly the lavish gifts her husband gave when they felt flush .
When Mona ’s sister was marrying , Amar presented her with a $ 5,000 diamond - and - platinum ring to give her new husband and a week at the Bellagio in Las Vegas .
“ I wish I had that money now for our daughter ’s education fund , ” Mona says .
--
Advertisement
Fran Alvarez rarely spent lavishly , as she describes it , during the five years her husband , Carlos , 43 , was making $ 250,000 writing software programs for Credit Suisse .
He will be earning half that in his new job away from Wall Street .
It was either that or sell the house with its $ 3,000 monthly mortgage .
At 41 , Fran is the caretaker of their daughters , Gabriella , 6 , and Isabella , 4 .
In the last five months she has gone back to her daughter - of - a- mechanic mentality .
She canceled magazine subscriptions and expensive cable -- and stopped buying soft toilet paper .
“ Growing up , my mom used to buy the scratchiest toilet paper , and when we complained she would say , “ When you get your own job , you buy the expensive type , ’ ” Fran says .
“ Well , we ’re back to the scratchy stuff . ”
When Carlos was on Wall Street , they lived without thinking how they spent , she says .
They renovated their kitchen , took the kids to Disney World .
That was all before .
Advertisement
“ Before , I would go crazy on clothes for the kids even though they were so young and could n’t care .
Before , if I did n’t feel like cooking , we ’d go out .
Before , if we were thinking about a vacation , we bumped up to the better hotel , ” she says .
The other day Carlos picked up Gabriella at piano and Fran yelled at him for stopping at Dunkin ’ Donuts for coffee .
“ That ’s another $ 3.25 you do n’t need to spend , ” she told him .
It ’s hard for Fran to believe that just two years ago Carlos bought her two Fendi bags for her 40th birthday .
“ He liked the idea of making a lot of money .
It meant more to him than it did to me . ”
Carlos had n’t revealed his unemployment to his parents , who did n’t approve of how hard he worked but were impressed by his income .
Fran had to tell them .
“ I wanted them to know the well for us had run dry , ” she says .
Advertisement
The Monds are n’t there yet -- they are n’t prepared to give up on the dream of “ the Street . ”
Amar says he ’s working harder than ever to remain in New York because “ it ’s addicting .
There ’s always 1.5 % of Wall Street that does n’t get affected by downturns .
I aspire to be at that level . ”
If he has regrets , it ’s that he scared his wife : “ I did n’t reassure her that even if Wall Street was broken , I would n’t be broken . ”
He also regrets selling the house : “ I ’m going to make it up to her . ”
Mona sold almost everything from the house on EBay , keeping the bare minimum needed to furnish their apartment .
Advertisement
But she hung onto the lawn mower .
It sits on the tiny balcony outside their apartment , useless as a tool but significant as a reminder of the life Mona hopes she ’ll one day reclaim .
--
geraldine.baum@latimes.com
This is a sample implementation of ASP .
NET MVC4 , MongoDB and Ninject to act as a starting template if you are going to use these technologies in your project with a CQRS pattern .
Audience
If most of these terms look unfamiliar then this post is probably not for you : CQRS , Repository , Aggregate ( of DDD ) , NuGet , Unit Testing , Dependency Injection , Document DB .
Due to the scope of this post , I wo n’t be able to go in details in any of these topics as this is a direct implementation .
Greg Young did a few paragraphs intro on CQRS here : CQRS , Task Based UIs , Event Sourcing agh , if you want a simple intro I recommend at least reading the first half of Greg ’s post ( before the Event Sourcing ) .
Scope and Definition
In this post , I mean the plain - CQRS pattern and not the whole patterns that are associated with CQRS .
Plain CQRS opens the door for other patterns such as Event Sourcing and ES is usually associated with CQRS .
This is the plain CQRS with no other associated pattern .
Read More
A quote from the Brussels newspaper Het Nieuwsblad , 19 September 2008
Tramp Beaten Up For Drinking Beer During Ramadan
A forty - year old homeless man almost died when he was beaten up in Brussels by a man and his father , both Muslims , because he was drinking beer during the Ramadan .
Rachid , the 19 - year old culprit , beat his victim Serge with an iron bar with nails .
A few days ago Serge had an appointment with a doctor in a policlinic in Blaes Street .
He arrived early and , since he had to wait , Serge opened a can of beer .
At that moment an elderly Muslim who lives above the policlinic came downstairs .
He objected to Serge drinking a beer in public during Ramadan , the Muslim fast .
Things escalated when his son Rachid came downstairs , too .
Father and son beat up Serge .
They threw him out of the building on a pile of rubbish bags .
Amidst the rubbish Rachid found an iron bar studded with nails .
He seized the bar and smashed it in on Serge .
The tramp tried to protect his face with his arms , but could not prevent the bully from hitting an artery on his legs .
Blood poured from the wound .
An eye - witness called the police .
Meantime a group of youths had joined in beating up Serge .
The victim was immediately taken to hospital .
He had lost two liters of blood .
The doctors confirm that it is a miracle that Serge survived his ordeal .
The police arrested Rachid .
His father tried to take his place , but that did not happen .
Thank you for making the body parts less recognizable for me so I can eat them .
- Ray
Tags
This pioneering work by Jörg Guido Hülsmann , professor of economics at the University of Angers in France and the author of Mises : The Last Knight of Liberalism , is the first full study of a critically important issue today : the ethics of money production .
There is a reason that this book has been translated to Chinese , German , Spanish , Czech , and there are many more on the way .
This book hits the intellectual sweet spot , speaking to the issues that are driving economic events right now .
We MUST deal with the money problem in a principled way , else we never get back on the course of sustainable prosperity .
By " money production , " the author is speaking not in the colloquial sense of the phrase " making money , " but rather the actual production of money as a commodity in the whole economic life .
The choice of the money we use in exchange is not something that needs to be established and fixed by government .
In fact , his thesis is that a government monopoly on money production and management has no ethical or economic grounding at all .
Legal tender laws , bailout guarantees , tax - backed deposit insurance , and the entire apparatus that sustains national monetary systems , has been wholly unjustified .
Money , he argues , should be a privately produced good like any other , such as clothing or food .
In arguing this way , he is disputing centuries of assumptions about money for which an argument is rarely offered .
People just assume that government or central banks operating under government control should manage money .
Hulsmann explores monetary thought from the ancient world through the Middle Ages to modern times to show that the monopolists are wrong .
There is a strong case in both economic and ethical terms for the idea that money production should be wholly private .
He takes on the " stabilization " advocates to show that government management does n't lead to stability but to inflation and instability .
He goes further to argue against even the theoretical case for stabilization , to say that money 's value should be governed by the market , and that the costs associated with private production are actually an advantage .
He chronicles the decline of money once nationalized , from legally sanctioned counterfeiting to the creation of paper money all the way to hyperinflation .
In his normative analysis , the author depends heavily on the monetary writings of 14th - century Bishop Nicole Oresme , whose monetary writings have been overlooked even by historians of economic thought .
He makes a strong case that " paper money has never been introduced through voluntary cooperation .
In all known cases it has been introduced through coercion and compulsion , sometimes with the threat of the death penalty .
. . .
Paper money by its very nature involves the violation of property rights through monopoly and legal - tender privileges . "
The book is also eerily prophetic of our times :
Consider the current U.S. real - estate boom .
Many Americans are utterly convinced that American real estate is the one sure bet in economic life .
No matter what happens on the stock market or in other strata of the economy , real estate will rise .
They believe themselves to have found a bonanza , and the historical figures confirm this .
Of course this belief is an illusion , but the characteristic feature of a boom is precisely that people throw any critical considerations overboard .
They do not realize that their money producer — the Fed — has possibly already entered the early stages of hyperinflation , and that the only reason why this has been largely invisible was that most of the new money has been exported outside of the U.S . . .
Because a paper - money producer can bail out virtually anybody , the citizens become reckless in their speculations ; they count on him to bail them out , especially when many other people do the same thing .
To fight such behavior effectively , one must abolish paper money .
Regulations merely drive the reckless behavior into new channels .
Hülsmann has provided not only a primer in understanding our times , but a dramatic extension of the work of Menger , Mises , Hayek , Rothbard , and others to map out an economically radical and ethically challenging case for the complete separation of money and state , and a case for the privatization of money production .
It is a sweeping and learned treatise that is rigorous , scholarly , and radical .
Download Marxist Economics --
A handbook of basic definitions ( Resistance Books , 1998 ) .
You can also purchase a hard copy , click HERE .
Introduction
This handbook is not , of course , a substitute for the study of Marxist political economy , but an aid to that study .
It will perhaps prove most useful as an aid to review .
It was first developed for the Fourth International ’s cadre school in Europe .
It was subsequently also used by the Democratic Socialist Party in its cadre school .
Along the way , many of the definitions and explanations were modified to take account of students ’ difficulties or further questions .
It may be asked , however , whether there is any longer any purpose in the study of Marxist economics .
Is not Marx ’s analysis discredited by the collapse of the “ communist ” states of Europe and China ’s somewhat slower but no less determined path in the direction of capitalism ?
Have not Marxist economics been superseded by Keynesianism , or monetarism , or neo-liberalism ?
In fact , Marx would have changed little if anything in the pages of Capital even if he had somehow been able to know of the fate of “ communism ” in the late 20th century .
The founders of scientific socialism saw their primary function as providing the proletariat with the intellectual tools it needed in order to overthrow capitalism ; predicting the course of that struggle in anything but the most general sense was no part of their project , because the outcome of the struggle was not predetermined .
Marx and Engels were well aware that the revolutionary surge may be followed by ebb : they studied carefully the lessons of the 1848 revolution and of the Paris Commune , as well as of countless lesser battles .
The Commune — the first workers ’ government in the world — lasted a mere 70 days before it was crushed by capitalist reaction .
The second workers ’ government , established by the October Revolution , lasted more than 70 years .
There will be further revolutions , which will be the stronger for learning from those who have gone before .
We can be certain of more revolutionary outbreaks for the same reason that Marx ’s political economy is still so relevant .
The fundamental “ laws of motion ” of capital that Marx began investigating a century and a half ago continue to operate in modern capitalism , despite the myriad changes in capitalism ’s surface features and the rare more substantive developments ( the most important of which was the development of imperialism ) .
Indeed , the student who approaches Capital for the first time is invariably struck by the insights it provides into modern phenomena ; this is itself a testimony to how deeply and accurately Marx ’s analysis penetrated .
As for alternative schools of economics , most do not rise above what Marx dismissively characterised as “ vulgar economics ” .
This is the non-science that concerns itself , not with the explanation of underlying causes , but with systematising the impressions created in the mind of the capitalist by the surface features of the production process .
It typically begins with eternal and a -social “ factors of production ” — or , even worse , with isolated individuals possessing only “ needs ” — and never gets beyond debating empirical rules for observed rates of wages , profits , interest and rents .
The enduring superficiality of modern non-Marxist economics is most clearly demonstrated by its inability to overcome the “ micro - macro ” divide : for individual and aggregate behaviour , this would - be science possesses two quite different sets of analysis and explanation , with no way of connecting the two .
In Marx ’s analysis , of course , there is no such divide .
It is worth recalling that Marx has been declared “ outdated ” for at least a century by economists most of whose names and ideas are now known only to specialists .
It is a safe bet that Marx ’s epochal work will also outlast the more recent fads .
-- Allen Myers , June 1998 .
Download the full text of Marxist Economics -- A handbook of basic definitions ( Resistance Books , 1998 ) .
You can also purchase a hard copy , click HERE .
McCain Suspends Campaign , Cancels First Debate John McCain suspended his campaign , stopped running ads , and said he would not participate in the first debate scheduled for tomorrow at the University of Mississippi in Oxford , MS .
He said that the nation is on the brink of a serious recession and this is no time for politics .
McCain has been in the Senate 25 years .
He knows precisely what will happen if he barges into the office of Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , chairman of the Senate banking committee and announces : " OK , Outta here , I 'm taking over now .
Dodd 's reaction would not be printable on a family Website like this one and McCain would be instantly and unceremoniously shown the door .
There are two people responsible for writing banking bills : Dodd and his House counterpart Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) .
If Dodd wants input from the Republicans on this , he will ask the ranking member on his committee , Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) .
McCain and Obama play no role and McCain knows that very well .
So why did McCain propose cancelling the debate ?
In a word : politics .
By flying into D.C. as the savior he might appear as a man of action to people who do n't know how the Senate works .
The reality of course , is that Obama and McCain 's appearance in Dodd 's office would instantly turn the entire event into a political circus .
If left alone , Dodd can come up with a bill a lot faster than with McCain , Obama , and the entire national press corps in the room " helping . "
A second point is that by pulling all his TV ads , he saves money , something Obama has more of .
McCain may need that money at the end of October , so a penny not spent now is a penny available in October .
McCain not only cancelled his ads , he also cancelled his appearance on David Letterman 's show .
Letterman was n't so happy .
Here is a video of his reaction .
Obama 's response to McCain 's surprise move was a speech hammering on the need for a good , bipartisan bill that protects home owners from foreclosure , provides meaningful oversight , and makes sure the taxpayers are not ripped off .
To the TV audience , these all sound like reasonable things .
What they probably do n't know is that treasury secretary Henry Paulson is dead set against all of them .
If the final bill does not have these things , Obama can then oppose it , citing the bill 's defects .
Dan Balz of the Washinton Post has a good analysis piece on McCain 's move .
Balz says that McCain is an impulsive gambler and sees his campaign stalled , what with Obama rising in the polls , so he goes for a Hail Mary again .
This is actually the third such gamble McCain has taken in less than a month .
First , he picked an inexperienced governor who runs a state with a quarter the population of Brooklyn as his running mate .
Then he cancelled the first day of the Republican National Convention due to a weather emergency .
Now he wants to cancel a debate due to a financial emergency .
There is an increasing risk that the voters will see him as an impetuous and reckless politician whereas Obama comes off as stable and mature .
If nothing else , McCain 's sudden move got his falling polls and the lobbying of his campaign manager off the front pages .
Score a win for McCain today .
But he 's betting the farm that the American people wo n't see this as a campaign stunt .
The NY Times also has an analytic article on the politics of this .
The view there is that Republican members of Congress know very well that throwing $ 700 billion at Wall St. in a big hurry with no oversight is not popular with the voters .
On the other hand , they do n't want to buck their own President who still has a modicum of popularity with the the Republican rank and file .
They are hoping McCain can bail them out .
Democrats do n't want to be seen as obstructionists , but they also see the bailout for what it really is : a ploy to spend so much money that a future President Obama 's hands would be tied for lack of money .
In effect this move is Bush 's attempt to " rule from the grave " by severely constraining what the next President can do .
Oddly , it might constrain McCain more than Bush since he ( McCain ) has spending plans , too .
Obama could propose a massive tax increase for the rich claiming Bush 's folly forced him to do it .
When you read that this " crisis " is about economics , do n't believe a word of it .
It is 100 % politics , pure and simple .
Yes , something needs to be done , but if the markets know that Congress is working on it , they will wait a few weeks before dissolving in a puddle .
To Debate or Not to Debate , that is the Question
It is not clear yet what will happen in Mississippi tomorrow evening if McCain does not back down .
For starters , SurveyUSA already published a poll on whether the debate should take place yesterday .
Three quarters of the voters want the debate to happen ; only 10 % want to cancel it .
About 36 % would like the focus to be changed to the economy .
It is possible that as a " compromise " McCain agrees to changing the topic to the economy so the later debates , closer to the election , focus on national security , his strength .
In fact , his whole game plan might have been to switch the subjects .
But it is risky because if the first debate is about the economy and Obama does well , many people may make up their minds , cast their vote early , and not watch the other debates .
And suppose Obama shows up in Mississippi tomorrow and McCain does not ?
What will the Commission on Debates do ?
Suppose they cancel it and Obama offers moderator Jim Lehrer an exclusive 90 - minute interview with TV crews and the press corps invited .
It would be a huge coup for Lehrer and he 'd probably agree .
Saturday 's news would be all about Lehrer 's interview .
There is n't much precedent for what happens when one candidate unilaterally decides to cancel an agreed - upon debate .
In football , if one team does n't show up , the other one wins .
Bush 's Speech President Bush gave a speech last night urging Congress to pass the bill .
The speech was necessary because even his own party 's leadership is n't sold on it yet .
The # 4 Republican in the House leadership , Deborah Pryce , said " I 'm seeking answers to two fundamental questions :
Why this ?
And why now ? "
When his own party balks at his plan , what 's a President to do ?
Give a speech and hope that the voters put pressure on Congress .
When you are a lame duck with a 19 % approval rating you do n't have a lot of options .
Today 's Polls
We have 21 presidential polls today .
The most noteworthy is that New Hampshire has flipped back to Obama , but it is still close .
The state is full of mavericks and eccentrics and they do have a fondness for McCain .
State Obama McCain Start End Pollster Alaska 37 % 55 % Sep 17 Sep 21 Fairleigh Dickinson U. Alabama 39 % 60 % Sep 22 Sep 22 Rasmussen Colorado 50 % 41 % Sep 23 Sep 23 Insider Advantage Colorado 50 % 47 % Sep 23 Sep 23 Rasmussen Colorado 51 % 47 % Sep 21 Sep 23 Opinion Research Delaware 56 % 36 % Sep 17 Sep 21 Fairleigh Dickinson U. Delaware 57 % 37 % Sep 22 Sep 23 SurveyUSA Hawaii 68 % 27 % Sep 20 Sep 20 Rasmussen Iowa 51 % 41 % Sep 18 Sep 21 Marist Coll. Massachusetts 55 % 39 % Sep 22 Sep 24 SurveyUSA Maryland 60 % 37 % Sep 20 Sep 20 Rasmussen Maine 49 % 44 % Sep 22 Sep 23 SurveyUSA Michigan 43 % 46 % Sep 15 Sep 19 Marketing Resource Grp. Michigan 48 % 38 % Sep 20 Sep 22 EPIC -MRA Michigan 51 % 46 % Sep 21 Sep 23 Opinion Research Montana 43 % 54 % Sep 21 Sep 23 Opinion Research New Hampshire 47 % 49 % Sep 23 Sep 23 Rasmussen New Hampshire 51 % 45 % Sep 17 Sep 21 Marist Coll. Pennsylvania 53 % 44 % Sep 21 Sep 23 Opinion Research Virginia 44 % 47 % Sep 17 Sep 22 Mason - Dixon West Virginia 46 % 50 % Sep 21 Sep 23 Opinion Research
We also have 4 Senate polls .
State Democrat D-pct Republican R-pct Start End Pollster Alabama Vivian Figures 30 % Jeff Sessions * 59 % Sep 22 Sep 22 Rasmussen Colorado Mark Udall 46 % Bob Schaffer 44 % Sep 23 Sep 23 Rasmussen New Hampshire Jeanne Shaheen 45 % John Sununu * 52 % Sep 23 Sep 23 Rasmussen Virginia Mark Warner 61 % Jim Gilmore 28 % Sep 17 Sep 22 Mason - Dixon
If you like this Website , tell your friends .
You can also share by clicking this button -- The Votemaster
Your donation is greatly appreciated .
It will buy ads to publicize the site .
Vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's private Yahoo e-mail account was hacked , and some of its contents posted on the internet Wednesday .
The internet griefers known as Anonymous took credit for the intrusion , and screenshots of e-mail messages and photos belonging to the Alaska governor have been published by WikiLeaks .
Threat Level has confirmed the authenticity of at least one of the e-mails .
" This is a shocking invasion of the Governor 's privacy and a violation of law , " Rick Davis , McCain - Palin campaign manager said in a statement .
" The matter has been turned over to the appropriate authorities and we hope that anyone in possession of these e-mails will destroy them .
We will have no further comment . "
FBI spokesman Brian Hale said , " The FBI is aware of the alleged hacking incident involving Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and is coordinating with the
United States Secret Service on the matter . "
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was tapped by Senator John McCain to be his vice - presidential running mate .
Photo : Associated Press / Al Grillo
The cache of stolen data contains five screenshots from Palin 's account , including the text of an e-mail exchange with Alaska Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell about his campaign for Congress .
Another screenshot showsPalin 's inbox and a third shows the text of an e-mail from Amy McCorkell , whom Palin appointed to the Governor 's Advisory Board on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse in 2007 .
The e-mail , a message of support to Palin , tells her not to let negative press get to her and asks Palin to pray for McCorkell , who writes that " I need strength to 1 . keep employment , 2 . not have to choose . "
McCorkell , reached at her office , confirmed that she did send the e-mail to Palin .
McCorkell later called and said the FBI has been in touch with her about this investigation .
A fourth screenshot shows an e-mail sent to Ivy Frye , a Palin aide , from someone claiming to belong to the group Anonymous advising that the person has changed the password to Palin 's Yahoo account to prevent other members of Anonymous from accessing it again .
The e-mail includes the new password .
The data posted by WikiLeaks also includes a list of Palin 's e-mail contacts and two photos of her children .
Palin has come under fire for using private e-mail accounts to conduct state business .
Critics allege that she uses the account to get around public records laws , as the Bush administration has also been charged with doing .
An index of the e-mails in her inbox , which includes sender , subject line and date sent , indicates that Palin received numerous e-mails from her aides in the governor 's office , some of which could be work - related .
An e-mail from her press secretary , Meghan Stapleton , indicates the message is about the " Motor Fuel Tax Suspension " .
The subject line of an e-mail from Randall Ruaro , her deputy chief of staff reads , " Draft letter to Governor Schwarzenegger . "
Another one from Ruaro says , " Please approve " and another one is about " Court of Appeals Nominations . "
Other e-mails from Ruaro indicate they 're about employee and budget issues for the DPS .
DPS is how Alaska refers to its Department of Public Safety .
Palin's chief of staff , Michael Nizich , sent her an e-mail August 22 with the subject line , " Using Royalty Oil to Lower the Cost of Fuel for Alaskans . "
The subject line of another e-mail from Nizich reads " CONFIDENTIAL Ethics Matter . "
E-mails from the governor 's scheduler , Janice Mason , indicate that they 're about Palin 's schedule for the week of August 10 .
WikiLeaks said in a press release sent to reporters that Anonymous gained access to Palin 's e-mail account around midnight Tuesday .
( Updated with reactions from the McCain campaign and the FBI , as well as new information about e-mails that indicate Palin used the account for official government work . )
__See also :
__
BOSTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Exchange - traded funds tracking emerging markets stocks fell sharply Monday as investors sold risky assets on fears the deepening financial crisis could trigger a global economic slowdown .
A huge ETF tied to an index of developing markets , the nearly $ 19 billion iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index Fund EEM , - 0.06 % , was off about 10 % in midday trading .
On Monday , U.S. investors awoke to reports of a steep sell - off in European markets after more countries there were forced to provide bailouts for struggling banks .
A meeting of the European Union 's top leaders over the weekend offered no coordinated plan for propping up the roiled banking system .
The Vanguard European Stock ETF VGK , - 0.09 % was off more than 6 % in recent action .
The iShares MSCI United Kingdom Index Fund EWU , - 0.62 % lost 7 % , reflecting the weakness in Great Britain .
ETFs listed in the U.S. continue to trade even when the underlying overseas markets close .
However , the hardest - hit European ETF on Monday was Market Vectors Russia ETF RSX , - 0.52 % , which was off about 20 % .
In Moscow , the sell - off in Russian stocks promoted officials to again suspend trading .
See Emerging Markets Report .
Market Vectors Russia ETF , which is managed by Van Eck Global , tracks an index of stocks and depositary receipts of public companies domiciled in Russia , according to the prospectus .
With trading in Russian markets suspended , the ETF appeared to be one of the few ways to trade that market .
Adam Phillips , managing director of ETFs at Van Eck , in a telephone interview Monday said trading volume in Market Vectors Russia ETF has picked up recently , particularly on days when trading in Russian markets has been suspended .
Of the ETF 's 37 holdings , six are American Depositary Receipts listed in New York , 26 are Global Depositary Receipts that trade in London , and seven are local stocks listed on Russian markets .
" It 's one of the only index products for Russia that continues to trade , " Phillips said .
" We 've received no reports from traders or market makers about difficulty trading Market Vectors Russia ETF .
Investors can access Russian markets [ with the ETF ] even when things are n't trading perfectly over there . "
Other emerging markets ETFs were deep in the red Monday .
Claymore / BNY BRIC ETF EEB -- a portfolio tracking a basket of stocks in Brazil , Russia , India and China -- dropped more than 12 % .
The iShares MSCI Brazil Index Fund EWZ , - 1.05 % was off about 15 % .
Financial stocks around the world traded lower as investors worried intensifying lending problems could tip the global economy into recession .
The iShares S&P Global Financials Sector Index Fund IXG , - 1.31 % lost 8 % .
Meanwhile , oil prices fell and gold rallied as investors reacted to growing worries for a worldwide slowdown .
SPDR Gold Shares GLD , +0.84 % was up 3 % , but U.S. Oil Fund USO , - 3.45 % slipped 4 % .
U.S. equities did n't escape the carnage .
SPDR S&P 500 ETF SPY , - 0.54 % , the largest ETF by assets , lost 6 % at last check .
Still , some bearish ETFs profited handsomely from the damage in stocks and commodities markets on Monday .
Democrats cited several reasons for their second thoughts about the wisdom of another vote on the child health bill .
The cost of the bill has increased , according to the Congressional Budget Office , though the revenues expected from higher tobacco taxes are about the same .
Under current rules , Congress would need to find a way to defray the extra cost .
In addition , time is short , and the Congressional calendar is packed with other issues .
Bruce Lesley , president of First Focus , a bipartisan advocacy group for children , said : “ We definitely would prefer for Congress to vote on the legislation next year rather than this year .
Why would you pass a bill now when , in six months , you could get a better bill covering more uninsured children ? ”
Since it was created with bipartisan support in 1997 , the program has reduced significantly the number of low - income children who are uninsured .
The Census Bureau reported last month that the number of people under 18 without health insurance had decreased , to 8.1 million in 2007 , from 8.7 million in the prior year .
Economists say the number could climb this year because of the weak economy and rising unemployment .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the bill , financed by an increase in tobacco taxes , would reduce the number of uninsured children by 4.4 million by 2013 .
But at the same time , the budget office says , the bill could encourage some families to substitute public for private coverage , reducing by 2.3 million the number of children who would otherwise have private coverage .
A few House Republicans in tight races might switch sides and vote for the bill , in an effort to win the approbation of voters , Democrats say .
But supporters of the bill believe that they would still not have enough votes to override a veto by Mr. Bush .
Hispanic , black and Asian - American members of Congress have complained that the bill does not provide coverage for legal immigrants who are now generally barred from benefits under Medicaid and the children ’s health program during their first five years in the United States .
Many Democrats would like to lift those restrictions .
But if they tried to do so , they could draw Congress into a bitter debate over immigration policy .
Apple : iPod Touch ' Best Portable Device for Gaming '
" It 's the best portable device for gaming , " said the ad , according to Engadget .
Earlier , Apple CEO Steve Jobs had introduced iPod Touch / iPhone games such as Spore Origins , Need for Speed : Undercover , and Real Soccer 2009 .
Forbes predicted in June that the iPhone could eventually overtake the Nintendo DS as the dominant handheld gaming platform .
About 700 games are now available to download on the platform .
Apple reported that it has shifted over 100 million downloads through its App Store during the first 60 days of its operation .
As all you Capcom fans know , we here at the zombie - proof Capcom fortress are the leaders in all things undead videogame related .
We ’re always happy when our competitors look at what we do and try do do something new and different .
That ’s what keeps us on our toes .
We ’re even happier when they acknowledge us , as Left 4 Dead has done with their achievements .
We had endless fun planning the achievements for Dead Rising on the 360 and , if feedback is any indication , you guys seemed to love them too .
One of the hardest to get was the Zombie Genocide achievement , that required you to kill the entire population of Willamette : 53,594 shambling brain eaters .
So , in a game of one upmanship , Left 4 Dead has the following achievement :
So , horrible english aside , the gauntlet has been thrown .
Where will it end ?
Palin-McCain supporters hold signs suggesting a moral equivalence between the Democratic nominee for president and the Islamist terrorist responsible for murdering thousands of innocents on September 11 , 2001 .
This was at a Palin - McCain rally in Virginia Beach this morning .
This is what it means to be a Republican today .
By Chip Somodevilla / AFP / Getty .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
I do n't even know what to say about this .
There are many things going on here that bother me .
First of all , the kitten drinking the milk out of the belly - button is naturally a little off .
Not that I 'm denouncing this as immoral and abhorrent , it 's just that everyone knows that milk gives kittens worms .
Hell , we all love a little kitten porn every now and then .
Or even the occasional Puppy Torture site .
The other thing that bothers me is this little statement .
" This is so boardering beastiality . "
Five fucking words in the damn sentence and two of them are misspelled !
The bestiality thing I could understand , it 's not necessarily a common word , but " boardering , " damn that 's annoying .
The last thing , and creepiest are those Halloween Costumes .
That is the creepiest shit I believe I have ever seen .
I could n't imagine seeing these two guys showing up in diapers with shit all over their face wearing Thomas The Tank Engine bibs at any party that I would care to be at .
The only thing creepier than kitten porn is adult babies .
RALEIGH , North Carolina ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Sequels may not always match up to the original in Hollywood but videogames can often get better the second or third time around .
Visitors try out new software for Microsoft 's video game console Xbox 360 at the Tokyo Game Show 2008 in Chiba , east of Tokyo , October 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
Videogame producers are hoping it will hold true with the latest games that will hit store shelves soon including Insomniac Games ’ “ Resistance 2 ” PlayStation 3 exclusive , Epic Games ’ “ Gears of War 2 ” Xbox 360 exclusive , Microsoft ’s “ Fable 2 , ” and Bethesda Softworks ’ “ Fallout 3 . ”
“ Developers can hit the ground running with sequels , ” said Ted Price , president and CEO of Insomniac Games .
“ The game ’s story and art style have a solid base , the tech and tools are stable and the basic gameplay mechanics have gone through plenty of tuning in the first game . ”
The second or third time around developers can devote more energy to building game assets instead of trying to get things up and running .
“ It ’s certainly a liberating experience when you ’re no longer arguing over the main character ’s name , or waiting for basic systems to be implemented , ” said Price .
“ The end result is usually a game that ’s bigger , more polished and has more innovative features than the original game . ”
“ Resistance 2 , ” thrusts players into an alternate 1950s America invaded by aliens called Chimera .
In addition to a single - player campaign , the game offers an eight - player cooperative campaign and online gameplay with battlefields filled with 60 players .
Aliens also feature in “ Gears of War 2 ” , which sends gamers into the depths of the planet Sera to tackle a race called the Locusts .
The sequel offers a story that can be played with a friend .
Online gameplay modes like “ Horde ” also pit up to five players against waves of heavily armed Locusts .
“ We want casual gamers to play the game and be sucked into the universe and finish the game , ” said Cliff Bleszinski , lead games designer , Epic Games .
“ We want them to potentially finish with a friend and become a fan of the characters and the setting . ”
Attracting the mainstream audience was also a major goal of Peter Molyneux , creator of Microsoft ’s “ Fable II ” for Xbox 360 .
He ’s crafted a game that he believes will satisfy the 3 million gamers who bought the original , while opening up the fantasy role - playing adventure genre to anyone .
“ We ’ve designed this game to allow the player to do whatever they wish , including getting married and having kids , playing mini-games and creating a custom character that will evolve as you play , ” said Molyneux .
“ Call of Duty : World at War , ” the latest game in the franchise focuses on the bloody Pacific Front and the Russian invasion of Nazi- occupied Berlin during the Second World War .
“ The developer spent two years working on the technology behind this game , which includes four - player cooperative play and the introduction of new weapons like flame throwers and flame tanks , ” said Daniel Suarez , executive producer of the game at Activision
Gamers have been waiting 10 years for Bethesda Softworks ’ “ Fallout 3 , ” for PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
“ I think it ’s good for people to miss things , ” said Todd Howard , executive producer of the game .
“ Ten years between ‘ Fallout ’ is a bit long , but I think there ’s this nostalgia factor . ”
Fans of the post - Apocalyptic game , set in Washington , D.C. , wo n’t have to wait another decade for “ Fallout 4 . ”
Howard said he believes three years is a good time frame between games .
Broadband junkies in the northeastern US got some good news Wednesday in the form of an announcement from Comcast that it is extending its DOCSIS 3.0 rollout to that part of the country .
The company 's 50 Mbps " Extreme " ( can we please retire the Extreme branding already ? ) speed tier will be launched in the Boston area ( including southern New Hampshire ) , as well as parts of Philadelphia and New Jersey over the next few weeks .
Back in April , Comcast flipped the switch on its first DOCSIS 3.0 deployment in the Twin Cities , pricing the 50 M bps tier at $ 149.95 per month .
Comcast 's newly - renamed Extreme 50 service is now a bit cheaper at $ 139.95 ( upstream speed is 10 Mbps ) .
The cable giant 's other new service tier is Ultra , which offers speeds of up 22 M bps down and 5 M bps up for $ 62.95 .
Most current Comcast customers will also get a speed boost : Performance broadband customers will see their speeds doubled to 12 M bps / 2Mbps up , while Performance Plus subscribers get a boost to 16 M bps down .
Comcast 's newly - implemented 250GB monthly bandwidth caps will also remain in place for its DOCSIS 3.0 deployments .
Comcast spokesperson Charlie Douglas confirmed that the new tiers are subject to the same cap , but stressed that " far less than 1 percent " of residential customers are ever affected by the cap 's presence .
Within the " next several months , " DOCSIS 3.0 will be rolled out to another six or seven major markets and will pass almost 10 million homes and businesses .
Comcast was mum on which markets will see the speed boosts , but a reader at Broadband Reports ( which was tipped off about the announcement earlier this week ) found what a web page that may shed light on Comcast 's DOCSIS 3.0 deployment plans .
Titled " Beta Speed Test Trial , " the page contains a list of 12 markets that will presumably have provisioned 50 M bps - plus downstream speeds .
It 's exciting to see DOCSIS 3.0 slowly moving out of cable labs and into neighborhoods .
With this round of DOCSIS 3.0 deployments , Comcast appears to be targeting markets where Verizon has a significant FiOS presence .
Verizon has rolled out its 50 M bps / 20 M bps tier across its entire fiber - to - the - home network for anywhere between $ 89.95 and $ 139.95 per month , so while expensive , Comcast 's Extreme 50 service is priced competitively with Verizon 's offering .
If the Beta Speed Test Trial page is any indication , Comcast will soon be venturing into AT&T territory and a bit further into Qwest territory with its next deployments .
Given that AT&T U- verse is currently capped at 10 Mbps and Qwest is starting to roll out 20 M bps DSL service , Comcast will be well - positioned even with its 22 M bps Ultra offering .
Freedom fry that .
And look , no nationalization programs or bailouts .
Who would have guessed that the nouveau - socialist Bush would finish his two terms looking more like a 1980s Francois Mitterand than Ronald Reagan ?
French banks have lost about $ 28.5 billion so far this year in the global financial crisis , but they remain much healthier than banks in the United States , France ’s finance minister said Monday .
Speaking on French radio station RMC , Christine Lagarde said French banks lost 1.5 billion euros ( $ 2.14 billion ) last week alone because of the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings , but added “ there ’s nothing to worry about . ”
“ All the banks in the world are necessarily affected , ” Lagarde said , adding “ French banks are much more solid than American banks . ”
Lagarde said the French banking system is “ solid ” because it is “ much more diversified and much more balanced than the American system . ”
Banks around the world have written off billions of euros in losses stemming from bad mortgage debt .
ALSO : Broward County Backs off on Strict ' No Match , No Vote ' Voter Registration Directive ...
Desi Doyen Byon
10/28/2008 , 7:00 pm PT
Guest Blogged by DES
In a response to unprecedented voter turnout , this afternoon Florida 's Republican Governor Charlie Crist ordered the extension of early voting hours ...
From the St. Petersberg Times today ...
Gov. Charlie Crist on Tuesday afternoon issued an order expanding the hours of early voting up to 12 hours a day through Saturday , from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. , and a total of 12 weekend hours , between 7 a.m. Saturday and 7 p.m. Sunday .
( The law allowed for a maximum of eight hours a day and a total of eight on the weekend ) .
At a hastily arranged news conference , Crist said the right to vote is sacred and that " many have fought and died for this right . "
He said he consulted a leading Democratic legislator , Rep. Dan Gelber of Miami Beach , before issuing his order , and that Gelber knew of a similar order issued by Gov. Jeb Bush in 2002 that dealt with helping voters deal with new equipment .
As to the perception that more early voting helps Democrats , Crist said : " This is not a political decision .
This is a people decision . "
...
Early balloting in Florida so far favors Democrats , while Republicans hold an advantage in absentee voting .
Waits of up to four hours have been reported in precincts in heavily - Democratic Broward County .
After initially refusing to consider [ PDF ] the expansion of early voting hours , even after requests from Florida 's Congressional delegation , Secretary of State Kurt Browning apparently changed his mind and sent sent a formal request [ PDF ] to the governor today .
As we reported last week , the Republican - dominated state legislature had ordered the rule change in 2005 , truncating early - voting to " save on costs . "
In other Florida voting news , Broward County Elections Supervisor Brenda Snipes has also reversed her initial stance on a strict reading of the state 's new " No Match , No Vote " rule , bowing to public pressure to allow " a one - stop Election Day option for its 1,600 - plus ' unverified ' voters . "
Previously , Snipes had insisted that every voter caught on the troubled " no match " list be required to perform a two - step process , according to the Miami Herald :
First they must fill out a ' ' provisional ' ' ballot and then deliver , e-mail or fax ID documents to the elections office within 48 hours .
But Broward elections spokeswoman Mary Cooney said Snipes , a Democrat in a county that is a stronghold for the party , decided to tweak Broward 's policy after a weekend talk with Lester Sola , Miami - Dade County 's elections supervisor .
Broward will still require a provisional ballot , but if a voter brings copies of a driver 's license or Social Security card , that information will be attached to the ballot and no further action would be required .
'' You do not need to do anything further , '' she said .
` You have complied with the request to provide proof of identification . ''
Miami -Dade 's process goes further , allowing unverified voters to use a regular ballot , which can't later be contested , if they supply copies of ID proof .
The " no match " provision has proved to be controversial , due to the risk of typos and other data entry mistakes beyond the control of the voter ; the Social Security database used by Florida to verify voter registration information has a 28.5 % error rate .
For example , a voter registered as John Smith might be disallowed his vote , if he his drivers license was under the name John A. Smith .
Over 12,000 voters in Florida have been identified as " unverified " and at risk of being forced to vote on a provisional ballot , which may or may not ultimately be counted .
As reported in the St. Petersburg Times today :
More than 2,000 new Tampa Bay voters are on the state 's " no match " list of unverified identities , and their votes in next week 's election may not count as a result .
Those people , part of more than 12,000 statewide , must cast provisional ballots unless they can quickly resolve discrepancies between their completed voter registration forms and driver license or Social Security numbers in government databases .
The election is Nov. 4 , one week from today .
The state released a new and larger " no match " list Monday of 12,165 names , compared with 8,867 on an earlier list released Oct. 16 .
The new list includes unverified names from the previous list , and is again disproportionately made up of African - Americans , Hispanics , Democrats and residents of South Florida .
African - Americans and Hispanics combined account for 55 percent of would - be voters on the latest list , which includes 6,194 Democrats and 1,440 Republicans .
...
Florida has 11.2 - million voters , of whom 438,000 have registered to vote since Sept. 8 when Secretary of State Kurt Browning decided to enforce the " no match " law .
Under unrelenting criticism by the law 's critics , Browning has said the " no match " law is necessary to ensure the integrity of the voter rolls .
His office notes that the list of unverified voters is less than 2.7 percent of all new voters in the state .
Broward County voters on the " no match " list will still be required to vote on a provisional ballot , but if they " bring copies of a driver 's license or Social Security card , that information will be attached to the ballot and no further action would be required by the voter . "
More than 30 Florida counties are offering similar one - stop options for voters whose information did not match with state and federal databases .
Miami -Dade County , which ranked at the top of the list with the most " no match " voter records , goes further : unverified voters will be allowed to use a regular ballot , which can't later be contested , as long as they supply copies of ID proof at the polling place .
Advanced Micro Devices said Tuesday that it would split into two companies  one focused on designing microprocessors and the other on the costly business of manufacturing them  in a drastic effort to maintain its position as the only real rival to Intel .
In addition , the company said two Abu Dhabi investment firms would inject at least $ 6 billion into the two companies , mostly to finance a new chip factory that A.M.D. planned to build near Albany and to upgrade one of the company ’s existing plants in Dresden , Germany .
A.M.D. , based in Sunnyvale , Calif. , makes graphics , computer and server processors .
It will own 44.4 percent of the new entity , which has been temporarily named the Foundry Company , a reference to the technical term for a chip factory .
The Advanced Technology Investment Company will own the rest .
Advanced Technology , which was formed by the Abu Dhabi government , has promised to put up $ 2.1 billion immediately and contribute $ 3.6 billion to $ 6 billion more to build or upgrade chip fabrication plants , also known as fabs .
A.M.D. said the two companies would share voting control equally .
Sherry Jones does not know if the UK will see publication A novel about the Prophet Muhammad 's child bride has been published in the US ahead of schedule after the office of the British publisher was attacked .
Beaufort Books is publishing The Jewel of Medina by Sherry Jones in the US after Random House dropped it amid fears it could incite violence .
Three men were charged in the UK over a fire at offices of British publisher Gibson Square Books last month .
The novel follows the life of A'isha from six until the Prophet 's death .
Beaufort Books said it was publishing the novel ahead of schedule so it could be assessed on its merits as literature rather than the potential offence it could cause to Muslims .
Beaufort 's president , Eric Kampmann , said : " We felt that ... it was better for everybody ... to let the conversation switch from a conversation about terrorists and fearful publishers to a conversation about the merits of the book itself . "
I felt it my duty to warn the press of the novel 's potential to provoke anger among some Muslims
Professor Denise Spellberg Random
House said it had been given advice that the book might be offensive to some in the Muslim community .
One critic has been US Professor of History and Middle Eastern Studies , Denise Spellberg , who said the book was a disrespectful mis-representation of history .
Prof Spellberg wrote in the Wall Street Journal : " I used my scholarly expertise to assess the novel .
It was in that same professional capacity that I felt it my duty to warn the press of the novel 's potential to provoke anger among some Muslims .
" There is a long history of anti-Islamic polemic that uses sex and violence to attack the Prophet and his faith .
This novel follows in that oft - trodden path , one first pioneered in medieval Christian writings . "
In 2006 , riots erupted in many Muslim countries over cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in a Danish newspaper .
Ms Jones said she did not know whether Gibson Square would proceed with publication in the UK .
Ali Beheshti , 40 , Abrar Mirza , 22 , and Abbas Taj , 30 , have been remanded in custody until 17 October over the attack .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Jeanette Scanlon lobbies for Barack Obama in Plant City , Florida , a conservative town whose inhabitants voted for President Bush in the last two elections .
( Photo : Ed Pfueller / Wired.com )
During a sweltering Friday evening rush hour in early October , Jeanette Scanlon spent two - and - a - half hours with 20 other people waving a homemade Barack Obama sign at the cars flowing through a busy intersection in Plant City , Florida .
" I got shot the bird one time , " laughs the easy - natured Scanlon , a 43 - year - old single mother of three and a Tampa psychiatrist 's billing manager .
" That was n't the thumbs up I was looking for . "
Some rush - hour commuters did n't take to the sign - waving .
( Photo : Ed Pfueller / Wired.com )
Scanlon is one of an estimated 230,000 volunteers who are powering Obama 's get - out - the - vote campaign in the swing state of Florida .
And while sign - waving is a decidedly low - tech appeal to voters ' hearts and minds , make no mistake : The Obama campaign 's technology is represented here .
Scanlon organized the gathering — and 24 others since September — through Obama 's social networking site , my.BarackObama.com .
Similarly , she used the site 's Neighbor - to - Neighbor tool in September to find registered voters in her own neighborhood , so she could canvass them for Obama .
And this weekend , Scanlon and another 75 or so Plant City volunteers will be phoning thousands of Floridians to urge them to vote , using a sophisticated database provided by the Obama campaign to ensure they do n't call McCain supporters by mistake .
The Obama campaign has been building , tweaking and tinkering with its technology and organizational infrastructure since it kicked off in February 2007 , and today has most sophisticated organizing apparatus of any presidential campaign in history .
Previous political campaigns have tapped the internet in innovative ways —
Howard Dean 's 2004 presidential run , and Ron Paul 's bid for this year 's Republican nomination , to name two .
But Obama is the first to successfully integrate technology with a revamped model of political organization that stresses volunteer participation and feedback on a massive scale , erecting a vast , intricate machine set to fuel an unprecedented get - out - the - vote drive in the final days before Tuesday 's election .
" I think what was recovered in this campaign is the sense of what leadership is , and what the role of the technology is , so that you get the best out of both , " says Marshall Ganz , a public policy lecturer at Harvard who designed the field - organizer and volunteer training system used by the Obama campaign .
" The Dean campaign understood how to use the internet for the fund - raising , but not for the organizing . "
" We 've really poured a lot of energy and thought into making this focused on real - world organizing activity , " says Chris Hughes , the 24 - year - old co-founder of Facebook , who left that company last year to help Obama with his online organizational efforts .
Florida 's 27 electoral votes make it a key state in the national election , and Obama has poured $ 27.5 million into television advertising in the Sunshine State , drowning out McCain 's relatively paltry $ 6.4 million in ads since late June .
But equally important to the campaign is making sure its supporters actually vote — something that the Republican grassroots have historically been better at in Florida .
So the campaign swelled field operations to 19,000 " neighborhood teams " as of late October , focused on 1,400 neighborhoods across the state , according to a recent report from the St. Petersburg Times .
The teams are directed by about 500 paid campaign field organizers , and are replicated nationally .
In all , the Obama campaign estimates that 1.5 million volunteers are helping it to get out the vote in the battleground states .
These neighborhood teams have both phone - banked and physically knocked on doors to make sure that voters are registered and know where to vote — an effort that will continue all the way through Election Day .
" The last weekend before the election , they 're going to have constant phone - banking and canvassing , asking people whether they 've voted yet , and if not , when they 're going to vote , " says Scanlon , discussing plans laid out by four team leaders at a local Plant City campaign office .
But the calling wo n't be a completely random affair .
The
Obama campaign will give volunteers access to databases that have been constantly updated throughout the summer through its field - office computers , and through myBo — Obama supporters ' nickname for myBarackObama.com — with information about potential voters '
political leanings .
The information in the database has accumulated over time from previous election campaigns , and is constantly updated with information gathered at people 's doorsteps by canvassers like
Scanlon , and through phone calls .
Now , someone identified as a supporter is likely to be called again by the Obama campaign , and reminded where to go vote ; people identified as " undecided " in the database may receive a call or a personal visit from a volunteer to find out how they can still be persuaded , or they may be mailed some information about Obama 's positions on the issues .
McCain supporters , naturally , are n't called by the Obama volunteers .
That blend of gumshoe canvassing and information processing is a hallmark of the Obama campaign , says Sanford Dickert , a social - media consultant in New York City .
" The integration of technology into the process of field organizing ... is the success of the Obama campaign , " says Dickert , who worked as John Kerry 's chief technology officer for the 2004 campaign .
" But the use technology was not the end - all and be -all in this cycle .
Technology has been a partner , an enabler for the Obama campaign , bringing the efficiencies of the internet into the real - world problems of organizing people in a distributed , trusted fashion . "
An 80 - plus page training manual provided to campaign field organizers illustrates the organizational side of the campaign .
Members of leadership teams are assigned specific roles , such as team coordinator , data coordinator , volunteer coordinator , voter - registration and voter - contact coordinator , and house - meeting coordinator .
Each of these positions has a clearly defined role outlined in bullet points .
Those teams of people and their cadres of volunteers are ultimately assigned to get out the vote in specific geographic regions .
But the campaign also seems to recognize that some volunteers wo n't cotton to a top - down system , and its web tools accommodate independent efforts .
Scanlon started her work for Obama with the South
Tampa team , but felt the campaign was n't sending enough volunteers to canvas her hometown Plant City , a working - class suburb that voted for
Bush in the last two presidential elections .
Obama 's organizers insisted that that they needed to focus their efforts on more densely populated surrounding areas .
" I just did n't feel good about that , " she says .
So Scanlon took matters in her own hands by tapping into the campaign 's online Neighbor - to - Neighbor tool on myBo .
In two days last September , she knocked on 50 doors to sniff out support for Obama , entering her neighbors ' responses into the campaign 's databases through myBo .
Though she 's volunteered on presidential campaigns before , it was the first time that she had ever made the effort to canvass for a presidential candidate by visiting neighbors ' houses .
Scanlon says that many of the voters she talked to worried about Obama 's tax plans .
But she had gone on her canvassing trip prepared with printouts from the Obama campaign's web site which provided a side - by - side comparison between Obama 's and John McCain 's tax proposals for families .
" The plan was better for 100 percent of the voters I spoke to in Plant City , " she says .
Scanlon logs her activities on myBo , which awards points for various volunteer activities .
The point system helps other would - be supporters figure out who they can hook up with locally if they want to get more involved in the campaign , says Hughes .
" If you go to your local group in your small town , you can immediately find out who 's the most active person , and who just joined the group for the sake of joining the group , " Hughes says .
" And that gives you , the individual Obama supporter , much more information .
You can measure your own activity against others , and you can contact the most active people within the groups . "
__Model Adopted From Harvard Research __
The controlled chaos of Obama 's ground game owes a debt to the civil rights and farmworkers ' movements of the past , as well as lessons from the 2004 campaigns , and an organizational - team theory developed by Ganz and colleague Ruth Wageman , a psychology professor at Harvard , in a recent project for the Sierra Club .
In 2003 , the Sierra Club realized that its local grassroots volunteer programs were n't effective .
In late 2005 , it commissioned the Harvard scholars to undertake a two - year research project to figure out why , and how to fix it .
The researchers discovered that the kind of volunteers that the Sierra Club attracted were " lone ranger " types who focused on accomplishing goals on their own , rather than effectively working with others with " shared purpose . "
The danger of this approach , Ganz says , is that individuals burn out easily .
They try to do everything themselves rather than breaking the goals out into specific tasks that members of interdependent teams can accomplish in pieces .
That 's why relationships are so important , they found .
Ganz and Wageman 's model gets members of teams to find out more about one another 's experiences , and draw on each member 's expertise .
The model also uses personal storytelling during workshops as a way to motivate peers and potential recruits to action .
Ganz says that his and Wageman 's training system works well for the Obama campaign , because it 's designed to channel the enthusiasm of voters who are emotionally inspired by orators such as Obama .
This appeal to the right brain contrasts with most of the recent Democratic political campaigns , which have appealed to voters ' logic by selling concepts and policies .
Obama organizers , and some volunteers , enter the campaign machine through weekend training sessions called " Camp Obama . "
No Time To Let Up : A day in the life of an Obama field organizer , from the campaign 's training manual .
The sessions vary in size from groups of 40 to more than 300 , held variously at the campaign 's Chicago headquarters , in rented office spaces , union halls , churches or on college campuses .
In addition to leadership and motivation training , the camp features storytelling sessions , where the volunteers are broken up into small teams organized by congressional district .
Each member of these groups is asked to tell personal stories in two minutes , in the same format Obama used in his 2004
speech at the Democratic National Convention .
" Ultimately , your story should move people to specific action by painting a detailed picture of how things might be different if we act , giving us hope that if we act now we can make real that different future , " explains the training manual .
The stories are an exercise in relationship building , says Ganz .
" What we 've been doing is trying to teach people to do what Obama does during his speeches — to tell their own stories to motivate others , "
he says .
" You 're building this sense of commitment to both the values and people , but you 're structuring it purposefully to achieve goals like , ' In this district , we need 2,000 votes . ' "
The Obama campaign first experimented with the Ganz - Wageman system during the primaries , trying it out in Iowa and South Carolina .
It won in both states , while in New Hampshire , where it ran a more - traditional marketing campaign , Obama lost .
The campaign began phasing in the system nationwide in June .
More than 23,000 people have participated in at least eight or more hours of leadership training provided by Camp Obama , according to Ganz .
__McCain's Online Organizing Suffers __
For its part , both the Republican National Committee and John
McCain 's campaign have also built their own high - tech voter turnout and social networking tools .
The RNC , for example , runs a database called Voter
Vault , which performs a similar function to the Obama campaign 's database on voters .
Voter Vault was widely credited in 2004 with helping the Republicans manage supporters and volunteers .
Like Obama , the RNC and the McCain campaign offer supporters their own set of social networking tools .
But volunteers in Florida say they generally do n't use the sites .
Harout Samra , chairman of the
Florida College Republicans , notes that McCain launched his services —
McCainSpace and McCain Nation — relatively late in the campaign , and
Samra and his fellow organizers had already gotten used to relying on
Facebook and Storm , the College Republicans ' social networking tool .
" Some of it is just repetitive , without adding much value , " says Samra , a 25 - year - old
University of Miami law student .
" I really do n't have time to learn how to use something new . "
Even McCain supporters readily acknowledge Obama 's superior online organizing .
" I will just say that they 've done a great job reaching out to young people , " says 20 - year - old Justin York , Central Florida chairman of Students for McCain .
" I do have a lot of respect for whoever cooked up their operation , because it's an impressive machine that they have built among young people ....
We do n't have anything nearly as advanced as the Obama campaign . "
It 's a sentiment expressed by McCain supporters in other demographics .
" I 'm afraid we 're not that sophisticated , " says Judy Wise , a retiree in Plant City .
Wise is a lifelong Republican who volunteers three full days of her week for the McCain campaign .
She manages McCain's Plant
City office , where volunteers use the RNC's Voter Vault for phone banks , but not for neighborhood canvasses .
" It would be nice to know who the undecideds are , " she says .
" You do n't want to waste your time on those people who are already voting for McCain , or those who have already made their minds up on Barack Obama . "
" We 've probably called every Republican in Orange County at least twice , " says the College Republicans ' York .
" Some people tell us politely that they 've been called , but others shout : ' This is the third time I 've been called , and if you call again , I 'm going to change my vote ! ' "
John McCain supporters rally across the street from Jeanette Scanlon , Plant City , Florida .
( Photo : Ed Pfueller / Wired.com )
Scanlon 's rush - hour sign - waving event was attended by about 20 other supporters who read about her plans on my.barackobama.com .
( Photo : Ed Pfueller / Wired.com )
Personalized best lunch bag is practical products for both adults and children who need to bring a packed lunch instead of having the school lunch or the company lunch .
Lunch bags can be fantastic gifts for your customer for all types of events .
They are also used like the trendy promotional products for clients .
Even more , if you personalize them by adding on them a little bit of style , your clients feel unique because of fun and personalized solution to enjoy meals every day .
1/ Lunch bags for women
There are hundreds or thousands of lunchbox for women on the marketplace .
What should you looking for when you buy a lunch bags for ladies ?
Remember the list of key features : the beauty factor , volume & expandability , handles & straps , durability , containers , and price .
Overall , you should choose a nice product at a good price .
If your wife is interested in fashion , her selection criteria will often include the following phrases : cute lunch bags for women , purple lunch bags , white lunch bags .
However , you should remember the rules : Choosing adult lunch bags for women is also very different choosing lunch bags for teenage girls .
Because ladies usually choose to buy a lunch bag for work , and it just takes a little bit of fashion .
With ladies , ladies lunch bags must be durable and cheap .
This is exactly what they think always
2/ Lunch bags for girl
The similar key features of choosing women ’s lunchbox but you need to consider the versatility of products .
You are not only buying a nice product but also think to select a product with much - needed outside pockets for storing things such as keys , cell phone , wet naps , hand sanitizer , ID …
Colors and decorative motifs are often a priority when choosing lunch bags for teen , especially lunch bag for girl .
If you have a teenage daughter , you can not choose a brown bag lunch instead of a pink lunch bag .
Of course , unless your daughter likes brown .
Cute lunch bags for adults often focus on decorative motifs .
Notice what motifs really appeal to your child , or ask for their preferences and let them be chosen at their own discretion .
A properly chosen lunch bag purse will make regular lunches special .
3/ Lunch bags for men
Although you are a man and bringing a packed lunch is an inconvenience to you , we agree with packing lunch is better than company lunch .
You easy to find hundreds of men ’s bags on the market .
Whether you are a worker or businessman , you will be given plenty ideas to choose for yourself a manly lunch bag , and stylish .
Mens lunch bags for work are usually monochrome brown , black , dark blue , gray …
And you should choose large lunch bag for men .
Insulated lunch bags for adults can help preserve food better .
The best insulated lunch bag is a great tool to help keep your food from getting rancid , even when it is late for you to enjoy your lunch for work .
4/ Lunch bags for children
Rules of choosing a lunch bag for your kids is your kid ’s need and habits !
Let ’s get an insulated bag because it keeps food and drinks cold and fresh .
Besides , you should buy one which is easy to clean .
And do not spend a lot of money for the expensive lunchbox when you may have to buy multiples each year .
Consider picking a mini lunch bag for your baby .
5 / Big lunch bags
Every family should have a large lunch bag .
Bigger bags can help you store more food in your family picnic .
6/ Introduce Anti-Theft Lunch Bag
You tried to wake up early each morning for cooking and bringing the packed lunch to school or company .
You carefully stored your lunch in the company ’s fridge but it still lost while your stomach was yelling crazy by hungry .
Your kid ’s packed lunch was stealed or bullies take it from your kid .
So , what is the ways to keep roommates away from your food ?
Anti -theft lunch bag is the change .
Do you want to touch the sandwich bags which look like the image above ?
I bet there are many people say NO .
You know , Anti - theft lunch bags have green splotches on both sides .
When you put your sandwich on the anti-theft lunch bags and look it from outside , you can suppose that it is damaged and gets landmark , even completely trust .
The food thiefs will be away from your meal .
If you ’re interested in getting your hands dirty with these bags , please send an email to [ email protected ] and I ’ll let you know when they become available .
Estimates range from 300,000 to more than 900,000 former Florida felons who'll be staying home on Election Day because voting rights were taken -- Many of these individuals are locked out of civic engagement because of previous drug charges .
According to the Florida Times - Union October 23 , 2008 article , ( " Advocates Seek Changes In Fla Felon Rights System " )
" Many other ex-convicts have had their rights restored but remain unregistered because they do n't know it .
State officials say they 've lost track of them and cannot notify them .
On the other hand , thousands of ex-cons have been allowed to register and vote even though their rights have n't been restored .
Those are symptoms of a broken system , says Mark Schlakman , senior program director at Florida State University 's Center for the Advancement of Human Rights .
Schlakman and other civil rights advocates have been pushing for two fundamental changes they say could fix the system , although it 's too late to do anything before the Nov. 4 election .
Once offenders have completed their sentences , including probation or parole , they should get their civil rights back , Schlakman said .
That includes the rights to vote , sit on a jury and hold public office . "
The article states , " Florida is one of only 10 states that do n't automatically restore civil rights .
Last year 's rule change made restoration quicker for some , but those who have committed more serious crimes still must undergo investigations and get approval from the governor and at least two of three Cabinet members .
The four sit together as the Board of Executive Clemency .
The process can take years and the board turns down thousands of applications .
There 's a laundry list of crimes that do n't qualify for the fast track .
They include murder , rape , lewd conduct , robbery , aggravated battery , aggravated assault , aggravated stalking , first - degree trafficking in illegal drugs , arson , and first - degree burglary . "
The article adds , " One problem Schlakman and other advocates face is that rights restoration is tied together with state licensing .
While he thinks civil rights like voting should be automatically restored , he agrees the state can and should deny licenses to ex-felons for certain jobs like mortgage broker or teacher where there is a physical or fiscal danger .
He thinks the issues should be separated .
His second proposal is for the Clemency Board to revert to an automatic rights restoration rule adopted in 1975 when Reubin Askew was governor .
In the 1990s the board , though , started excluding various crimes .
Gov. Charlie Crist said separating rights restoration from licensing is something he might do but he does n't yet know enough about the Askew rule to comment .
The clemency board relies on the Florida Parole Commission to investigate rights restoration applications but it has a backlog of at least 60,000 cases , Schlakman said .
Of the first 112,000 former felons to have their rights restored since the speed up rule was passed , at least 96,000 , or about 85 percent , had not registered by the end of July , according to an analysis by the Orlando Sentinel .
Another analysis by the South Florida Sun-Sentinel found about 30,000 former felons had successfully registered to vote although their rights have n't been restored . "
The McDonald 's outlets were closed from Thursday to Saturday
Venezuela 's government has shut all branches of restaurant chain McDonald 's for 48 hours , citing tax irregularities , officials have said .
The head of the country 's tax agency , Jose David Cabello , said the chain had inconsistencies in its accounts .
The 115 branches in Venezuela were closed from Thursday to Saturday .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez is a fierce US critic and last month was at the heart of tit - for - tat US - Latin American diplomatic expulsions .
Oil battle
Since winning elections 10 years ago , Mr Chavez has increased taxes and often temporarily shuts firms accused of failing to pay .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is a fierce US critic
The government recently temporarily closed the offices of Pepsi , which is operated by a local consortium .
Mr Chavez has also taken on US oil firms , nationalising their Venezuelan operations and pursuing a legal battle with Exxon Mobil .
In last month 's diplomatic exchange , Bolivia and Venezuela expelled their US envoys , accusing Washington of trying to oust Bolivia 's government .
Washington responded by throwing out envoys from Bolivia and Venezuela and freezing the assets of three aides to President Chavez .
Honduras refused the credentials of a new US ambassador , postponing his appointment .
Quick –
What ’s the easiest way to reduce your energy use and costs in your home ?
Better Insulation , perhaps ?
Solar panels on the roof ?
Microturbine on the lawn ?
All valid ways , but there ’s an even more direct path .
Your thermostat .
If it ’s more then an orange pointer to a temperature , in other words programmable , you have the power to make significant changes in your energy footprint .
And yet you do n’t .
Why ?
For many , it ’s just too complex , intimidating , and just not a regular part of their routine .
It ’s this that the people at EcoBee sought to address in creating their new device , released last week .
One could ask , what is it , beyond being a fancy thermostat control ?
It ’s comfort , ease , and accessibility .
Like the iPhone , the interface was carefully thought out and tested to be simple , effective , and most importantly , used .
In a nod to modern day life that revolves around the computer , it can be controlled by your computer via the wifi network on a personalized web portal .
All you need do is tell it what temperature you want when , and it calculates how best to achieve it .
And in an area I ’m sure 95 % of you overlook , you can set it to remind you to change your furnace , humidifier , and ventilator filters , and get your equipment serviced .
EcoBee helps users have a more fine grained awareness of their energy usage , showing current real time , what it ’s been today , what it was yesterday , and how that compares to the average , best , and worst days .
Like cars that show real time mileage , being able to see just how much juice you ’re using would for many I imagine be incentive to modify your energy use and what other methods you use to achieve optimum temperature in your house .
Speaking of , with your greater awareness may come a desire to know more , do more , and share more .
Ecobee has created an online community where other owners can gather to share tips , experiences , and resources to live a more sustainable life .
Suddenly that copper colored plastic circle and temperature dial on your wall is looking a little scared .
Recycle it well , wo n’t you ?
Readers :
What are some other ways you ’ve found to easily and smartly green your house ?
Chime in , below .
Additional Reading :
Bad News For Green Builders ?
Not So Fast : Ecopreneurist
A Financial Stimulus Package That Pays For Your Photovoltaic System ? : Green Building Elements
Weekend Review : The Renewable Energy Handbook and Smart Power : Green Building Elements
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It might sound like an idea from a 1960s hippy gathering , but there really is such a thing as a musical highway .
A section of Avenue K in a Californian desert town uses grooves cut into the road surface to play the Lone Ranger theme to cars driving along it .
But some Lancaster residents are not amused .
They say the noise from the road sounds more like a discordant screech than the Rossini overture .
Officials have bowed to their views and have agreed to pave over the grooves .
' High - pitch drone '
The response to the new grooves in Avenue K was immediate .
While several Lancaster residents were entertained enough to post footage on video - sharing websites such as YouTube , others were less pleased .
" I think it 's terrible because it keeps me awake at night , " Lancaster resident Donna Martin told the Daily Breeze newspaper .
" You can kind of tell it 's music , but it 's not any tune or notes .
It 's a scratchy sound , a high - pitch drone . "
The musical road was the idea of car - maker Honda .
The firm said the grooves in the road were engineered to play the overture at perfect pitch for motorists driving Honda Civics at 55 mph ( 88 km / h ) .
Similar ideas have been tried out in Japan , South Korea and the Netherlands .
But the music was intended only for those inside the cars , so it seems the sound has carried too far .
Although the grooves were carved into the road only a couple of weeks ago , officials have announced they will resurface the quarter - mile ( 400 m ) strip on Tuesday .
SYDNEY - Described as a deformed banana sticking out of a pleated purple skirt , the giant and stinky carcass flower is again in bloom at Sydney 's Royal Botanic Gardens .
The rare Titan Arum , whose Latin name is Amorphophallus titanium , meaning giant deformed penis , is the world 's largest flower .
Found in the equatorial rainforests of Indonesia , the endangered flower stinks like a dead rat and only blooms for two or three days .
Jake is a writer and user experience designer on the web .
He currently publishes articles related to user experience and user interface design .
Find out more on his website or you can follow his updates on Twitter @jakerocheleau
Computing Thoughts
Python Decorators III : A Decorator - Based Build System
by Bruce Eckel
October 26 , 2008
Summary
Most build systems start out with dependencies , then realize they need language features and eventually discover they should have started with language design .
Advertisement
I 've used make for many years .
I only used ant because it produced faster Java builds .
But both build systems started out thinking the problem was simple , and only later discovered that you really need a programming language to solve the build problem .
By then it was too late .
As a result you have to jump through annoying hoops to get things done .
There have been efforts to create build systems on top of languages .
Rake is a fairly successful domain - specific language ( DSL ) built atop Ruby .
And a number of projects have been created with Python .
For years I 've wanted a system that was just a thin veneer on Python , so you get some support for dependencies but effectively everything else is Python .
This way , you do n't need to shift back and forth between Python and some language other than Python ; it 's less of a mental distraction .
It turns out that decorators are perfect for this purpose .
The design I present here is just a first cut , but it 's easy to add new features and I 've already started using it as the build system for The Python Book , so I 'll probably need to add more features .
Most importantly , I know I 'll be able to do anything that I want , which is not always true with make or ant ( yes , you can extend ant but the cost of entry is often not worth the benefit ) .
While the rest of the book has a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike license , this program only has a Creative Commons Attribution license , because I 'd like people to be able to use it under any circumstances .
Obviously , it would be ideal if you make any improvements that you 'd contribute them back to the project , but this is not a prerequisite for using or modifying the code .
Syntax
The most important and convenient thing provided by a build system is dependencies .
You tell it what depends on what , and how to update those dependencies .
Taken together , this is called a rule , so the decorator will also be called rule .
The first argument of the decorator is the target ( the thing that needs to be updated ) and the remaining arguments are the dependencies .
If the target is out of date with the dependencies , the function code is run to bring it up to date .
Here 's a simple example that shows the basic syntax : @rule ( " file1.txt " ) def file1 ( ) : " File does n't exist ; run rule " file ( " file1.txt " , 'w ' )
The name of the rule is file1 because that 's the function name .
In this case , the target is " file1.txt " and there are no dependencies , so the rule only checks to see whether file1. txt exists , and if it does n't it runs the function code , which brings it up to date .
Note the use of the docstring ; this is captured by the build system and describes the rule on the command line when you say build help ( or anything else the builder does n't understand ) .
The @rule decorators only affect the functions they are attached to , so you can easily mix regular code with rules in the same build file .
Here 's a function that updates the date stamp on a file , or creates the file if it does n't exist : def touchOrCreate(f ) : # Ordinary function " Bring file up to date ; creates it if it does n't exist " if os.path.exists (f ) : os.utime(f , None ) else : file ( f , 'w ' )
A more typical rule is one that associates a target file with one or more dependent files : @rule ( " target1.txt " , " dependency1.txt " , " dependency2.txt " , " dependency3.txt " ) def target1 ( ) : " Brings target1.txt up to date with its dependencies " touchOrCreate ( " target1.txt " )
This build system also allows multiple targets , by putting the targets in a list : @rule ( [ " target1.txt " , " target2.txt " ] , " dependency1.txt " , " dependency2.txt " ) def multipleBoth ( ) : " Multiple targets and dependencies " [ touchOrCreate(f ) for f in [ " target1.txt " , " target2.txt " ] ]
If there is no target or dependencies , the rule is always executed : @rule ( ) def clean ( ) : " Remove all created files " [ os.remove(f ) for f in all Files if os.path.exists (f ) ]
The alFiles array is seen in the example , shown later .
You can write rules that depend on other rules : @rule ( None , target1 , target2 ) def target3 ( ) : " Always brings target1 and target2 up to date " print target3 Since None is the target , there 's nothing to compare to but in the process of checking the rules target1 and target2 , those are both brought up to date .
This is especially useful when writing " all " rules , as you will see in the example .
Builder Code
By using decorators and a few appropriate design patterns , the code becomes quite succinct .
Note that the __main__ code creates an example build .
py file ( containing the examples that you see above and more ) , and the first time you run a build it creates a build .
bat file for Windows and a build command file for Unix / Linux / Cygwin .
A complete explanation follows the code : # builder .py import sys , os , stat " " " Adds build rules atop Python , to replace make , etc. by Bruce Eckel License : Creative Commons with Attribution . " " " def reportError( msg ) : print >> sys.stderr , " Error : " , msg sys.exit ( 1 ) class Dependency ( object ) : " Created by the decorator to represent a single dependency relation " changed =
True unchanged = False @staticmethod def show ( flag ) : if flag : return " Updated " return " Unchanged " def __init__ ( self , target , dependency ) : self .
target = target self .
dependency = dependency def __str__( self ) : return " target : %s , dependency : %s " % ( self.target , self .dependency ) @staticmethod def create ( target , dependency ) : # Simple Factory if target == None : return NoTarget ( dependency ) if type ( target ) == str : # String means file name if dependency == None : return FileToNone ( target , None ) if type ( dependency ) == str : return FileToFile ( target , dependency ) if type ( dependency ) == Dependency : return FileToDependency ( target , dependency ) reportError ( " No match found in create ( ) for target : %s , dependency : %s " % ( target , dependency ) ) def updated ( self ) : " " " Call to determine whether this is up to date .
Returns ' changed ' if it had to update itself . " " " assert False , " Must override Dependency.updated ( ) in derived class " class NoTarget ( Dependency ) : # Always call updated ( ) on dependency def __init__ ( self , dependency ) : Dependency.__init__( self , None , dependency ) def updated ( self ) : if not self .
dependency : return Dependency .
changed # ( None , None ) -> always run rule return self.dependency.updated ( ) # Must be a Dependency or subclass class FileToNone ( Dependency ) : # Run rule if file does n't exist def updated ( self ) : if not os.path.exists(self.target ) : return Dependency .changed return Dependency.unchanged class FileToFile ( Dependency ) : # Compare file datestamps def updated ( self ) : if not os.path.exists(self.dependency ) : reportError ( " %s does not exist " % self.dependency ) if not os.path.exists(self.target ) : return Dependency .
changed #
If it does n't exist it needs to be made if os.path.getmtime(self.dependency ) > os.path.getmtime(self.target ) : return Dependency .changed return Dependency.unchanged class FileToDependency ( Dependency ) : # Update if dependency object has changed def updated ( self ) : if self.dependency.updated ( ) : return Dependency.changed if not os.path.exists(self.target ) : return Dependency .
changed #
If it does n't exist it needs to be made return Dependency .
unchanged class rule ( object ) : " " " Decorator that turns a function into a build rule .
First file or object in decorator arglist is the target , remainder are dependencies . " " " rules = [ ] default =
None class _ Rule ( object ) : " " " Command pattern .
name , dependencies , ruleUpdater and description are all injected by class rule . " " " def updated ( self ) : if Dependency .
changed in [ d.updated ( ) for d in self .
dependencies ] : self.ruleUpdater ( ) return Dependency.changed return Dependency.unchanged def __str__(self ) : return self .
description def __init__(self , * decoratorArgs ) : " " " This constructor is called first when the decorated function is defined , and captures the arguments passed to the decorator itself .
( Note Builder pattern ) " " " self._rule = rule ._Rule ( ) decoratorArgs = list ( decoratorArgs ) if decoratorArgs : if len( decoratorArgs ) == 1 : decoratorArgs.append( None ) target = decoratorArgs.pop ( 0 ) if type ( target ) != list : target = [ target ] self._rule.dependencies = [ Dependency.create ( targ , dep ) for targ in target for dep in decoratorArgs ] else : # No arguments self._rule.dependencies = [ Dependency.create ( None , None ) ] def __call__( self , func ) : " " " This is called right after the constructor , and is passed the function object being decorated .
The returned _rule object replaces the original function . " " " if func .
__name__ in [ r.name for r in rule.rules ] : reportError ( " @rule name %s must be unique " % func.__name__ ) self._rule.name = func.__name__ self._rule.description = func.__doc__ or " " self._rule.ruleUpdater = func rule.rules.append(self._rule ) return self .
_rule #
This is substituted as the decorated function @staticmethod def update ( x ) : if x == 0 : if rule .
default : return rule.default.updated ( ) else : return rule.rules [ 0].updated ( ) #
Look up by name for r in rule.rules : if x == r.name : return r.updated ( ) raise KeyError @staticmethod def main ( ) : " " " Produce command - line behavior " " " if len( sys.argv ) == 1 : print Dependency.show(rule.update(0 ) ) try : for arg in sys.argv [ 1 : ] : print Dependency.show(rule.update( arg ) ) except KeyError : print " Available rules are :
" for r in rule.rules : if r == rule .
default : newline = " ( Default if no rule is specified )
" else : newline = "
" print " %s: %s\t%s
" % ( r.name , newline , r ) print " ( Multiple targets will be updated in order ) " # Create " build " commands for Windows and Unix : if not os.path.exists ( " build.bat " ) : file ( " build.bat " , 'w ' ) . write ( " python build .
py % 1 %2 %3 %4 %5 %6 %7 " ) if not os.path.exists ( " build " ) : # Unless you can detect cygwin independently of Windows file ( " build " , 'w ' ) . write ( " python build .py $ * " ) os.chmod( " build " , stat .
S_IEXEC ) ###############
Test / Usage Examples ############### if __name__ == " __main__ " : if not os.path.exists ( " build.py " ) : file ( " build.py " , 'w ' ) . write ( '''\ #
Use cases : both test code and usage examples from builder import rule import os @rule ( " file1.txt " ) def file1 ( ) : " File does n't exist ; run rule " file ( " file1.txt " , 'w ' ) def touchOrCreate(f ) : # Ordinary function " Bring file up to date ; creates it if it does n't exist " if os.path.exists (f ) : os.utime(f , None ) else : file ( f , 'w ' ) dependencies = [ " dependency1.txt " , " dependency2.txt " , " dependency3.txt " , " dependency4.txt " ] targets = [ " file1.txt " , " target1.txt " , " target2.txt " ] all Files = targets + dependencies @rule ( allFiles ) def multipleTargets ( ) : " Multiple files do n't exist ; run rule " [ file ( f , 'w ' ) for f in all Files if not os.path.exists ( f ) ] @rule ( [ " target1.txt " , " target2.txt " ] , " dependency1.txt " , " dependency2.txt " ) def multipleBoth ( ) : " Multiple targets and dependencies " [ touchOrCreate(f ) for f in [ " target1.txt " , " target2.txt " ] ] @rule ( " target1.txt " , " dependency1.txt " , " dependency2.txt " , " dependency3.txt " ) def target1 ( ) : " Brings target1.txt up to date with its dependencies " touchOrCreate ( " target1.tx t " ) @rule ( ) def updateDependency ( ) : " Updates the timestamp on all dependency . * files " [ touchOrCreate(f ) for f in all Files if f.startswith ( " dependency " ) ] @rule ( ) def clean ( ) : " Remove all created files " [ os.remove(f ) for f in all Files if os.path.exists ( f ) ] @rule ( ) def cleanTargets ( ) : " Remove all target files " [ os.remove(f ) for f in targets if os.path.exists ( f ) ] @rule ( " target2.txt " , " dependency2.txt " , " dependency4.txt " ) def target2 ( ) : " Brings target2.txt up to date with its dependencies , or creates it " touchOrCreate ( " target2.txt " ) @rule ( None , target1 , target2 ) def target3 ( ) : " Always brings target1 and target2 up to date " print target3 @rule ( None , clean , file1 , multipleTargets , multipleBoth , target1 , updateDependency , target2 , target3 ) def all ( ) : " Brings everything up to date " print all rule .
default = all rule.main ( ) #
Does the build , handles command - line arguments '' ')
The first group of classes manage dependencies between different types of objects .
The base class contains some common code , including the constructor which you 'll note is automatically called if it is not explicitly redefined in a derived class ( a nice , code - saving feature in Python ) .
Classes derived from Dependency manage particular types of dependency relationships , and redefine the updated ( ) method to decide whether the target should be brought up to date with the dependent .
This is an example of the Template Method design pattern , where updated ( ) is the template method and _Rule is the context .
If you want to create a new type of dependency -- say , the addition of wildcards on dependencies and / or targets -- you define new Dependency subclasses .
You 'll see that the rest of the code does n't require changes , which is a positive indicator for the design ( future changes are isolated ) . Dependency.create( ) is what I call a Simple Factory Method , because all it does is localize the creation of all the subtypes of Dependency .
Note that forward referencing is not a problem here as it is in some languages , so using the full implementation of Factory Method given in GoF is not necessary and also more complex ( this does n't mean there are n't cases that justify the full - fledged Factory Method ) .
Note that in FileToDependency we could assert that self .
dependency is a subtype of Dependency , but this type check happens ( in effect ) when updated ( ) is called .
The rule Decorator
The rule decorator uses the Builder design pattern , which makes sense because the creation of a rule happens in two steps : the constructor captures the decorator arguments , and the __call__ ( ) method captures the function .
The Builder product is a _ Rule object , which , like the Dependency classes , contains an updated ( ) method .
Each _ Rule object contains a list of dependencies and a ruleUpdater ( ) method which is called if any of the dependencies is out of date .
The _Rule also contains a name ( which is the decorated function name ) and a description ( the decorated function 's docstring ) .
( The _Rule object is an example of the Command pattern ) .
What 's unusual about _ Rule is that you do n't see any code in the class which initializes dependencies , ruleUpdater ( ) , name , and description .
These are initialized by rule during the Builder process , using Injection .
The typical alternative to this is to create setter methods , but since _Rule is nested inside rule , rule effectively " owns " _ Rule and Injection seems much more straightforward .
The rule constructor first creates the product _ Rule object , then handles the decorator arguments .
It converts decoratorArgs to a list because we need it to be modifiable , and decoratorArgs comes in as a tuple .
If there is only one argument it means the user has only specified the target and no dependencies .
Because Dependency.create ( ) requires two arguments , we append None to the list .
The target is always the first argument , so pop ( 0 ) pulls it off and the remainder of the list is dependencies .
To accommodate the possibility that the target is a list , single targets are turned into lists .
Now Dependency.create( ) is called for each possible target - dependency combination , and the resulting list is injected into the _Rule object .
For the special case when there are no arguments , a None to None Dependency is created .
Notice that the only thing the rule constructor does is sort out the arguments ; it has no knowledge of particular relationships .
This keeps special knowledge within the Dependency hierarchy , so adding a new Dependency is isolated within that hierarchy .
A similar guideline is followed for the __call__ ( ) method , which captures the decorated function .
We keep the _Rule object in a static list called rules , and the first thing to check is whether any of the rule names are duplicated .
Then we capture and inject the name , documentation string , and the function itself .
Note that the Builder " product " , the _Rule object , is returned as the result of rule .__call__ ( ) , which means that this object -- which does n't have a __call__ ( ) method -- is substituted for the decorated function .
This is a slightly unusual use of decorators ; normally the decorated function is called directly , but in this case the decorated function is never called directly , but only via the _Rule object .
Running a Build The static method main ( ) in rule manages the build process , using the helper method update ( ) .
If you provide no command - line arguments , main ( ) passes 0 to update ( ) , which calls the default rule if one has been set , otherwise it calls the first rule that was defined .
If you provide command - line arguments , it passes each one ( in order ) to update ( ) .
If you give it an incorrect argument ( typically help is reserved for this ) , it prints each of the rules along with their docstrings .
Finally , it checks to see that a build .
bat and build command file exists , and creates them if it does n't .
The build .
py produced when you run builder .
py the first time can act as a starting point for your build file .
Improvements
As it stands , this system only satisfies the basic needs ; it does n't have , for example , all the features that make does when it comes to manipulating dependencies .
On the other hand , because it 's built atop a full - powered programming language , you can do anything else you need quite easily .
If you find yourself writing the same code over and over , you can modify rule ( ) to reduce the duplicated effort .
If you have permission , please submit such modifications back for possible inclusion .
Next
In the last installment of this series ( chapter ) , we 'll look at class decorators and whether you can decorate an object .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 19 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Nobel prize - winner Orhan Pamuk , tried in 2005 under Turkish law for criticising the state , used his opening address at the Frankfurt Book Fair to decry the " oppression " of Turkey 's writers .
Speaking alongside Turkish president Abdullah Gül , Pamuk deplored how " a century of banning and burning books , of throwing writers into prison or killing them or branding them as traitors and sending them into exile , and continuously denigrating them in the press " has made Turkish literature poorer .
Turkey is the country of honour at this week 's Frankfurt Book Fair , and hundreds of Turkish writers and publishers have descended on the city to celebrate " Turkey in all its colours " .
In August 2005 , Pamuk was charged with " public denigration of Turkish identity " under Article 301 of the penal code after he said in an interview with a Swiss newspaper that " 30,000 Kurds and a million Armenians were killed in these lands and nobody but me dares to talk about it " .
The case against him was subsequently dropped , and Article 301 was amended earlier this year , but Pamuk said yesterday afternoon in Frankfurt that " the state 's habit of penalising writers and their books is still very much alive ; Article 301 of the Turkish penal code continues to be used to silence and suppress many other writers , in the same way it was used against me ; there are at this moment hundreds of writers and journalists being prosecuted and found guilty under this article . "
Turkish authors who have been tried under Article 301 include novelist Elif Shafak over a remark by a fictional character in her novel The Bastard of Istanbul referring to the Armenian massacre as genocide , and writer and journalist Perihan Magden , who said in her weekly magazine column that Turkey needed an alternative to compulsory military conscription .
Both were acquitted .
Publisher Ragip Zarakolu was convicted in June this year of having " insulted the Turkish republic " after publishing The Truth Will Set Us Free , which acknowledges the Armenian genocide .
Pamuk called on the Turkish writers and publishers present at the fair , including Magden and Shafak as well as Aslı Erdogan and Sebnem Isigüzel , to " speak openly about [ their ] experiences over the past century " .
" Since they have come to Frankfurt to let the whole world hear their voices , it follows that we can shake off just a bit of our gloom about no one understanding us , " he said , referring to his depression when starting out as a novelist over the lack of interest or understanding in Turkish writing in the west .
" Are we going to convince ourselves that our own culture and identity is unique , and then shut ourselves away , or are we going to value the richness of our cultural traditions and our own uniqueness while giving equal value to free expression ? " he asked .
Pamuk said that while he was working on his novel Museum of Innocence , published earlier this year in Turkish , he needed to research old Turkish films and songs .
He did this easily enough on YouTube , but after the site was banned in Turkey in 2007 , he would no longer be able to do so .
" YouTube , like many other domestic and international websites , has been blocked for residents of Turkey for political reasons , " Pamuk said .
" Those in whom the power of the state resides may take satisfaction from all these repressive measures , but we writers , publishers , artists feel differently , as do all other creators of Turkish culture and indeed everyone who takes an interest in it : oppression of this order does not reflect our ideas on the proper promotion of Turkish culture . "
But Pamuk said that despite the obstacles Turkish writers and publishers face , they have not let their spirits flag .
" Over the past 15 years , Turkish publishing has expanded at an astonishing rate ; there are more books being published in Turkey than ever before , and in my view , Istanbul 's vibrant book trade at last represents its rich and layered history , " he said .
" When young writers coming from Turkey to Frankfurt see how large the world publishing industry is , I can well imagine that they will feel as empty and useless as I did .
But when Turkey 's young writers turn in on themselves to find the inner voices that will turn them into interesting writers , they will no longer need to succumb to dark thoughts like , ' No one would be interested in a Turkish writer anyway . '
May the Frankfurt Book Fair bring hope and happiness to us all . "
I do n’t know about you , but for me , using git is so low - friction that I use it basically for everything where I may need a powerful undo button .
In other words , I do n’t use it only for team software development projects .
For example , I ’ve frequently used it in the past to keep track of the modifications I make to an article I work on for few days .
God knows I write a lot of these .
There ’s a reason I called this blog Programblings ;-)
To be honest , I ’m using git as I write even this short article .
I also use it for trivial one evening coding projects .
As soon as I spend more than an hour on code , whatever it is , I ’ll usually create a local git repo for it .
One of the annoying things I realized when creating repositories more and more often , is that I always ended up ignoring the same files .
Over and over again .
Boring .
Fortunately for me , git can be configured to take into consideration a global ignore file .
Heck , I can even create a system - wide ignore file if I want ( check out git config ’s doc for more info ) .
Configure your personal ignore file
I like to stick to conventions so I call my file . gitignore , and I put it in my home directory .
But that ’s up to you , really .
git config -- global core.excludesfile ~/.gitignore
Note that there ’s one little gotcha to be aware of .
If you prefer to edit the .gitconfig file directly ( or if you use a weird shell ) , git expects an absolute path .
In the example above , bash converted the ~ shorthand to my home directory .
Now I just add ignore globs to it like any other project level ( directory level , really ) git ignore file .
echo .DS_Store >> ~/.gitignore
Once I ’ve ignored all my favorite useless files , I can get cracking and never worry about them again .
I still have to ignore files
When I create a new repository on which people may actually contribute , I ’ll still create a proper ignore file , however .
Otherwise I ’d convey the message that I consider contributors as slaves who only deserve the boring work of creating ignore files .
Since I ’m pure of heart , that ’s not how I roll .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Last week we noted unconfirmed sightings of an “ Obama for President ” billboard in the Xbox 360 racing game Burnout Paradise .
Today we ’re able to report that it is , in fact , an official advertisement placed by the senator ’s campaign team .
“ I can confirm that the Obama campaign has paid for in - game advertising in Burnout , ” Holly Rockwood , director of corporate communications at Electronic Arts , the game ’s publisher , told me via email , noting that EA regularly allows ad placements in their online games .
“ Like most television , radio and print outlets , we accept advertising from credible political candidates , ” she continued .
“ Like political spots on the television networks , these ads do not reflect the political policies of EA or the opinions of its development teams . ”
[ digg=http://digg.com/2008_us_elections/Obama_Is_Campaigning_on_Xbox_360]
To my knowledge , this Burnout ad is far and away the most prominent use of a major online game to promote a presidential candidate ’s campaign .
There have been near - misses , of course :
In 2006 , for example , when he was seriously considering a run for the Democratic nomination , ex-Virginia Gov. Mark Warner made an avatar - based appearance at a press conference in Second Life .
Of course , detractors could accuse Sen .
Obama of sending out mixed messages ; earlier this year he was telling audiences that parents need to “ turn off the television set , and put the video games away . ”
Then again , since the Burnout billboard specifically advises gamers to vote early , maybe it ’s his subtle way of trying to get them off the couch .
Image credit : 360 gamer “ Jeffson ” , from his Rooster Teeth journal .
Editor 's note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound - off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. ET Thursday .
If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you .
A nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago - based radio host , Martin has said he will vote for Barack Obama in November .
He is the author of " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and " Speak , Brother !
A Black Man's View of America . "
Visit his Web site for more information .
Roland Martin says Gov. Sarah Palin talks tough but ducks a lot of difficult questions .
( CNN ) --
Do you know what was so great about Magic Johnson , Larry Bird and Michael Jordan ?
They were three of the biggest trash talkers in the history of the NBA , but they had the game to back it up .
Somebody should tell that to Gov. Sarah Palin .
Sen .
John McCain 's vice presidential running mate has been running around the country , firing up her -- yes , her , and not necessarily McCain 's -- loyal supporters by blasting Sen.
Barack Obama for " palling around with terrorists " and demanding that the American people know exactly when he learned of the past of 1960s radical William Ayers .
She has stoked the crowds by saying , " This is not a man who sees America the way that you and I see America . "
We all know what that is designed to do : Portray Obama as a foreigner who is n't as American as she .
Or you .
Or Joe Six - pack , the hockey mom , soccer mom , Wal - Mart mom , NASCAR dad and the other coded words she uses regularly .
But what is truly pathetic is that Palin talks tough , but is really scared of facing her own issues .
Since she is good at proclaiming that the American people need to know who Barack Obama is -- an attempt to paint him as a shady figure who might occupy the White House -- the American people deserve to hear Palin answer if her husband , Todd , a former member of the Alaska Independence Party , agreed with its founder , who wanted to secede from the union .
Is there anything more anti-American than wanting to sever ties with the country ?
Send Roland Martin your questions and listen to his program on CNNRadio and CNN.com Live , Thursday at noon ET .
It 's critical that Palin answer questions about whether she disagrees with John McCain 's criticism of the Bush administration 's decision to remove North Korea from the terrorist nation list .
She spoke in favor of it .
McCain did n't .
Are they on the same page or not ?
The American people deserve to hear from Palin as to why she did n't say a word to rebuke the hateful , pathetic and degrading comments made at rallies featuring her , such as when someone in the crowd called Obama a terrorist , someone else shouted , " Off with his head " and others suggested he is a traitor .
Lastly , do n't you think the self - described maverick needs to own up to what really happened with the firing of the commissioner in Alaska ?
She was declared by a special investigator to have been within her rights in firing the commissioner , but she was blasted for abuse of power and violating the state 's ethics act .
So what did she say in a conference call with Alaska reporters -- who were not allowed by the McCain camp to ask follow - up questions ?
That she was cleared of all wrongdoing , legally and ethically .
That 's right .
She repeated over and over and over an absolute lie , and we are supposed to say , " Hey , it 's all fine .
She winks at us .
We love her hockey mom schtick .
Do n't worry about that abuse of power thing . "
Well , after having to deal with Vice President Dick Cheney being accused of beating the drum for war by berating and pushing our intelligence apparatus to match his political views on Iraq , do n't you think we should really care about someone who has been accused in a report , authorized by Democrats and Republicans , of using their power and influence to get their way ?
Sure , her supporters will say she 's talked to the " media . "
She was questioned by Laura Ingraham , Rush Limbaugh and that self - described journalist -- yes , he really called himself that -- Fox 's Sean Hannity .
Palin has done interviews with ABC's Charlie Gibson and CBS 's Katie Couric , and local TV folks .
But why is she so scared of NBC's Brian Williams ?
And why is she so fearful of CNN ?
Does she somehow think that our big guns like Wolf Blitzer , Anderson Cooper and Campbell Brown are just too tough in asking questions ?
My goodness , Tina Fey has actually done more interviews about playing Sarah Palin than Sarah Palin has done about being Sarah Palin !
Hmmm . McCain , Sen. Joe Biden , Barack and Michelle Obama , Sen. Hillary Clinton , Cindy McCain and even McCain 's 95 - year - old momma and Palin 's daddy have all done interviews with CNN , sharing their thoughts on the campaign .
But Palin ?
Not a whisper .
It 's clear that Palin really is n't a true frontier woman .
See , when you tote a gun , carry a big stick and spit fire , you are n't afraid to take on all comers .
So , Sarah , if you want to talk big on the campaign trail to those audiences that do n't talk back , go right ahead .
But if you truly are the maverick politician you say you are , come on and talk to us soft , coddled , elitist journalists .
Surely we are n't as tough as the moose you like to take down with your Second Amendment - protected hunting rifle .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Barack Obama
Washington Post columnist Steven Pearlstein is stunned :
They would have committed themselves not to foreclose on any homeowner who is willing and able to refinance ...
They would have offered to suspend dividend payments ...
They would have given us their solemn promise not to advise clients to hold on to their own investments while quietly dumping whatever they can ...
And the maharajas of finance could have set a wonderful example if they had all gotten together and agreed to work for a dollar a year until the crisis has passed .
There 's a word that captures the instinct to take these kind of bold moves in the midst of a national crisis -- it 's called leadership .
We 've seen quite a bit of it these past few weeks from public officials ... Wall Street , by contrast , has served up a nothing sandwich , a lack of leadership that 's been stunning .
A recent thread on the misc@ mailing list reminded me of the obstacles faced when installing Perl CGI applications in the default OpenBSD httpd ( 8 ) chroot .
Here is a brief guide at how I approached the problem by using mod_perl to import the necessary modules at execution .
Finding any Perl CGIs in the ports / www tree is the proverbial needle in a haystack .
The obstacles facing chrooted CGIs are well documented .
Simpler alternatives ( read : php ) have led to a lack of creative solutions , even at the expense of security holes and poor design practices .
I mentioned previously that I 'd managed to overcome this problem for some of my own software .
I talked with some colleagues about this leading up to c2k8 , and we agreed that it should work as long as OpenBSD does privilege separation after mod_perl compiles its libraries and modules .
This would mean that any external Perl modules an application needs could be imported when Apache is started .
Fortunately for us , this is exactly what happens with OpenBSD 's httpd ( 8 ) .
Setting up Hatchet to use this method was incredibly simple .
Beyond a few typical mod_perl directives , I just had to tell it where to find the file containing the list of modules I needed to import ( startup.pl ) .
Here is the example I include in README .
OpenBSD :
< VirtualHost _default_:80 > DocumentRoot /var/www / hatchet PerlModule Apache :: PerlRun < Location /cgi /> SetHandler perl - script PerlHandler Apache :: PerlRun PerlRequire /var/www/hatchet/cgi/startup.pl
Options ExecCGI PerlSendHeader
On allow from all </ Location > </ VirtualHost >
The PerlModule and PerlRequire directives are analogous to Perl 's use ( ) and require ( ) functions , respectively .
The SetHandler and PerlHandler directives tell Apache that mod_perl should handle the content generation phase for any Perl scripts in this Location .
Because the startup.pl file is PerlRequire 'd , it must return true .
Any modules that your application use ( ) 's should be included in here for importing :
use CGI ( ) ; use DBI ( ) ; use DBD :: SQLite ( ) ; use HTML :: Template ( ) ; use Time : : Local ( ) ; use Data :: Dumper ( ) ; 1 ;
The final line guarantees that the file returns true .
Parentheses following each package cause everything in that package 's namespace to be imported .
Because Perl is an interpreted language and mod_perl compiles your source code at startup , Apache must be restarted whenever there are changes to any affected source code .
Once this is complete and configured properly , not only should your application work properly in the httpd chroot , but it will benefit from mod_perl 's significant speed increase over native Perl CGI .
This article was not intended to be a comprehensive introduction to mod_perl .
Rather , I hope that this motivates others to research mod_perl for themselves and see how it can be used to make their Perl applications shine on OpenBSD .
Please refer to the official documentation for more information .
SAY WHAT YOU WANT TO SAY
ANIMATED MOVIES - MADE BY YOU
Sponsored Link
Miro is a free application for channels of internet video ( also known as ‘ video podcasts and video rss ) .
Miro is designed to be easy to use and to give you an elegant fullscreen viewing experience .
There are thousands of free internet video channels that you can watch .
You 'll be able to download all the videos that each channel offers and when new ones are released , Miro will grab them automatically .
Unlike tiny videos on websites like YouTube , Miro videos are usually very high quality and look great when watched full screen .
Since Miro downloads videos completely before you watch , your videos will never skip or stutter while they are playing .
Install miro in Ubuntu hardy
You need to edit the /etc/ apt / sources .
list file using the following command
sudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
Add the following line save and exit
For Hardy Users ( amd64 and i386 )
deb http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/pculture.org/miro/linux/repositories/ubuntu hardy /
For Gutsy Users ( amd64 and i386 )
deb http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/pculture.org/miro/linux/repositories/ubuntu gutsy /
Update the source list using the following comamnd
sudo apt - get update
or
Add the new repository .
Open System -> Administration ->Software Sources ->Third - Party Software .
Click the Add button and paste in this repository :
For Hardy Users ( amd64 and i386 )
deb http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/pculture.org/miro/linux/repositories/ubuntu hardy /
For Gutsy Users ( amd64 and i386 )
deb http://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/pculture.org/miro/linux/repositories/ubuntu gutsy /
Close Software Sources , and when prompted , choose to reload the repositories .
Install miro using the following command
sudo aptitude install miro
This will install all the required packages .
Using Miro
You need to open miro from Applications ---> Sound & video ---> Miro Internet TV
If you want to run miro when your computer starts up select here
select option if you want miro to look for video files on your computer
Once it opens you should be able to see similar to the following screen
To add new channel , go to Channels -> Add channels
Miro Configuration
Go to Video - > Options , this is where you can configure your Miro
Miro general options screen
You can set Miro to update your channel automatically by the hour or by the day
Limit the number of downloads and bittorrent settings
Here you can Select the folder that you want the videos to be stored
You can set the download files expiry date .
Once the expiry date is due , Miro will automatically delete them from your hard disk .
You can also limit the minimum free space that you want to use on your hard disk .
This is where you configure the playback option .
The default video renderer is Xine .
If you have any problems with default option Change the renderer to Gstreamer will solve the problem .
Sponsored Link
Related posts
Brainwashing does n't take any sci-fi gadgetry or Manchurian Candidate hypnotism bullshit .
There are all sorts of tried - and - true techniques that anyone can use to bypass the thinking part of your brain and flip a switch deep inside that says " OBEY . "
Now I know what you 're thinking .
" Sure , just make an ad with some big ol ' t* tties on there !
That 'll convince people ! "
While that 's certainly true ...
click here
waronyou Social Media Pages :
Just a fellow news researcher .
I often find it hard not to be buried in the spin .
So I figured I would share some articles that wont receive any attention .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Updated NASA is cautiously optimistic that Hubble will soon be back in action following a boot - up of the space telescope 's venerable 486 back - up system .
Hubble was last month blinded by the failure of the Control Unit / Science Data Formatter ( CU / SDF ) in its operational Side A Science Instrument Command and Data Handling unit ( SIC&DH ) , which packets data from the ' scope 's five main instruments for transmission back to Earth .
NASA decided to switch operations to the redundant Side B of the SIC&DH , which had n't been fired up since an upgrade to the main computer ( details here ( pdf ) ) back in 1999 empowered Hubble with a mighty Intel 80486 microchip . *
NASA explained earlier this week : " The Hubble team will reconfigure Hubble to use the redundant SDF in the SIC&DH , and six redundant associated components in the spacecraft data management systems ( DMS ) , to restore science operations .
Five of the six redundant components in the DMS that will be brought on - line also have not been powered since 1990 . "
The agency reported yesterday : " The team completed switching the required hardware modules to their B - sides this morning and received telemetry that verified they had good data .
Everything at this point looks good .
The 486 computer on Hubble was reloaded with data around noon and successfully performed a data dump back to the ground to verify all the loads were proper .
This afternoon the team brought Hubble out of safe mode and placed the 486 computer back in control . "
NASA was due to " reconfigure Side B of the SIC&DH computer " late yesterday , after which Hubble would " begin executing a pre-science command load , which involves sending normal commands to control the spacecraft and resume communications satellite tracking with the HST high gain antennas " .
Art Whipple , manager of the Hubble Space Telescope Systems Management Office , explained that Hubble should return the first science data today and be " back in its science mode on Friday morning " . ®
Update
NASA explained yesterday that overnight on the 15 - 16 October , " the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) , Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 ( WFPC2 ) and Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) instruments were retrieved from safe mode to establish that each has a working interface to the Side B SIC&DH " .
Engineers then intended to last night " recover Hubble ’s science instruments from their safe modes " and carry our " internal exposures and calibrations of the telescope ’s science instruments " .
The agency elaborates : " Scientists ... should complete their review of the internal exposures by noon on Friday , October 17 .
This procedure involves collecting and comparing baseline exposures previously supported by Side A of the SI C&DH to new exposures supported by Side B .
This review will be one last check of the ' transparency ' ( non-impact ) of switching to the redundant spacecraft electronics the Hubble team activated on Wednesday . "
It concludes : " A full schedule of science observations with the WFPC2 camera , ACS ’ Solar Blind Channel camera , and the Fine Guidance Sensors will resume early Friday morning . "
Bootnote
* Thanks to those readers who clarified just how long Hubble has been packing a 486 .
: : : : : : : : : :
John McCain ’s theory is that the polls have to be wrong , if they are not favoring him .
I thought this was particularly funny that he would disagree with a poll and use another poll to prove his point .
John McCain disputed the polls that show him trailing Barack Obama by double digits , saying that he would rather rely on his “ senses ” and is encouraged by the enthusiasm at his events .
The Republican presidential candidate made an argument for the viability of his campaign during an appearance on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” Sunday morning .
McCain predicted a come - from - behind and win on Election Day , just nine days away .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
“ Those polls have consistently shown me much further behind than we actually are , ” said McCain during the interview here with veteran journalist Tom Brokaw .
Major polls show McCain trailing Obama by between three to 14 percentage points .
A Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll taken this week gave Obama a 10 - point lead over his Republican rival .
McCain , however , cited a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby daily tracking poll released Sunday that showed Obama ’s lead shrinking to just five points from 12 points this Thursday .
“ We ’re going to do well in this campaign , ” McCain went on .
“ We ’re going to win it .
But it ’s going to be tight . ”
“ I choose to trust my senses as well as polls .
In the enthusiasm , at almost all of our campaign events is at a higher level than I ’ve ever seen and I ’ve been in a lot of presidential campaigns , ” McCain said .
“ I see intensity out there and I see passion .
So we ’re very competitive here and I ’m very happy with where we are and I ’m very proud of the campaign I ’ve run . ”
I ’ve had many reasons why I do n’t use Microsoft Live Maps .
Now I have one more .
Transatlantic sailing does n’t seem like much a daunting adventure after all .
Those fountains however are a death trap .
( via William M. Hartnett )
Update : Corrected “ mistakens ” to “ mistakes ” 🙂
Wisconsin voters are expected to turn out in unprecedented numbers for the Nov. 4 election .
And that has created some concern about the integrity of such a high - stakes election in a state that has had razor - thin winning margins in recent presidential elections .
To allay those fears , the Milwaukee County District Attorney ’s Office has set up an Election Fraud Task Force to investigate and potentially charge criminal acts that relate to the election .
Assistant District Attorney Bruce Landgraf , who has taken the lead on the task force , said that most complaints likely would include false voter registrations , political activity at polling places , or perhaps some glitches in the processing of voters at election sites .
The task force must also deal with voter intimidation that tries to prevent legal voters from exercising their rights .
“ We expect we ’re going to get complaints like what we ’ve gotten in the past , and we ’re going to be prepared to respond to those , ” Landgraf said .
The task force will set up a hotline935 - 1234to take complaints just prior to or on Election Day , and investigators from either the district attorney ’s office or the Milwaukee Police Department ( MPD ) will determine whether they should be pursued .
Before that date , complaints can be filed by calling the district attorney ’s public integrity unit at 278-4645 .
Landgraf said that the task force is a natural extension of the district attorney ’s office ’s response to election irregularities since 2005 .
One critical difference this year , however , is the inclusion of the state Department of Justice ( DOJ ) in the task force .
Landgraf said the DOJ ’s role is supplementary and necessary because of the expected record turnout on Nov. 4 .
In addition , Landgraf said he ’s been training other Milwaukee County municipalities ’ law enforcement officials to handle election - related allegations , even though the MPD is the only local police department officially included in the task force .
On Tuesday , Wisconsin ’s two federal districts announced that they would have federal prosecutors oversee elections violations in the state .
How Serious Are the Potential Violations ?
This heavy emphasis on law enforcement in the upcoming election has drawn criticism from those who believe that Wisconsinand Milwaukee in particular generally run crime - free , if sometimes messy , elections .
Friends of the Shepherd Help support Milwaukee 's locally owned free weekly newspaper .
LEARN MORE
Indeed , after the close 2004 presidential election , investigations were launched to look into allegations of fraud in polling placesa story line that the daily paper and the state Republican Party were happy to push , encouraged by the Bush administration ’s focus on supposed “ voter fraud ” in heavily Democratic areas of the country .
Republicans contended that restrictive voting registration rules and voter ID would combat “ voter fraud , ” while Democrats argued that those measures would lead to voter suppression in Democratic - leaning areas .
Resulting investigationsincluding the one conducted by Republican U.S. Attorney Steven Biskupicfound that there was no “ widespread voter fraud ” in Milwaukee .
There were clerical errors and a handful of isolated incidents involving felons who illegally voted .
Those incidents were also reported outside of the city , proving that Milwaukee is n’t a hotbed of so - called voter fraud .
Even the specific allegations of “ voter fraud ” do n’t always appear to be as serious when they ’re investigated .
“ We occasionally will get complaints regarding stolen votes , when someone will say their name [ at the polling place ] and the poll worker will say , ‘ You already voted , ’ ” Landgraf said .
“ That happens .
Our experience has been that we are best advised to look into that .
We would contact people who might be one or two names above or below that name .
They frequently will confirm that they have voted , but their name does not have a number after it in the poll book . ”
To many observers , the task force ’s focus on Milwaukee reinforces the perception that when voting irregularities occur in Milwaukee , they 're considered malicious or coordinated acts , while irregularities that occur in suburbs or small towns are deemed to be simple mistakes .
“ When there are incidents of data errors here , they are looked at as criminal , ” said Henry Hamilton III of the Milwaukee branch of the NAACP .
“ Elsewhere , they are explained away as human error . ”
Laurence Dupuis , legal director of the ACLU of Wisconsin , said a recent conviction of a double - voter in Brookfield proves that voting irregularities occur outside of the city .
What ’s more , he said , some voters in Oconomowoc have routinely voted in the incorrect ward , which has likely affected the outcome of races in that area .
“ This is not something that is limited to Milwaukee , or even predominantly in Milwaukee as far as anyone can tell , ” Dupuis said .
Another target of law enforcement ’s attention is the activity of special registration deputies who signed up new voters in recent monthsmost specifically , ACORN and the Community Voters Project employees .
Both of those organizations ended their activities in the area before the Sept. 9 partisan primaries as required by law .
The task force has reviewed a number of complaints about bogus voter registration forms turned in by special registration deputies , but only three people have been charged with crimes relating to them .
All of the individuals charged were actually referred to the Milwaukee Election Commission by the organizations that employed them .
The commission sent them on to the district attorney ’s office .
These organizations are not allowed to destroy or toss forms that seem suspect .
The possibility that these few suspect registrations could turn into fraud at the polls is highly improbable because the “ voters ” that appear on the registration forms do not exist .
But while alleged double - voting generates attention , routine disenfranchisement of eligible voters is overlooked .
Hamilton of the NAACP said he was more concerned about eligible voters being flagged at the polls because their names appear on sloppy Department of Corrections - generated lists of felons who are ineligible to vote in the state .
“ This should be investigated by the task force , ” Hamilton said .
Politicizing the Act of Voting
Although the alleged voting irregularities seem to be made up of isolated , minor incidents , they ’re highly politically charged and therefore useful to some of the candidates .
In addition to the partisan tug of war over voter IDs and registration , overblown charges of “ voter fraud ” raise suspicions about the legitimacy of an electionespecially useful for the losing candidate , who can blame his or her loss on “ fraud ” and not on an unpopular message or a poorly run campaign .
Unfortunately , though , in this year ’s election the seemingly unbiased law enforcement entities are also suspected by some of having partisan biases .
That was most visibly raised when state Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen filed a lawsuit against the Government Accountability Board requiring additional checks on the new state voter database .
The case had been pushed by the state Republican Party , and Van Hollenthe state ’s most prominent Republican and a co-chair of the John McCain campaign in Wisconsinrevived the case when the GOP ’s attempt failed .
Later , it was revealed that Van Hollen ’s Department of Justice had been in contact with Republican Party lawyers before filing suit , and even Van Hollen himself discussed it with Wisconsin delegates at the Republican National Convention .
The attorney general ’s office is required to be above partisan politics when dealing with election laws .
Just days after filing suit , the Milwaukee County Election Fraud Task Force was announced , and the DOJ ’s involvement , not surprisingly , raised eyebrows .
Kevin St. John , spokesman for the DOJ , said there ’s nothing unusual about the DOJ ’s role in Milwaukee County ’s election task force , even though his office does not have similar roles in Wisconsin ’s other 71 counties .
Milwaukee County is the most populousand a solidly Democraticcounty in the state , and is estimated to have tens of thousands of new voters this year .
St. John said the DOJ ’s involvement was warranted in Milwaukee because of the report created by the MPD ’s Special Investigations Unit detailing allegations of voter fraud in the November 2004 election .
“ That report indicated a number of instances where maybe you would n’t have what it would take to bring a criminal charge , which has an extraordinarily high burden of proof , but where there were election irregularities , ” St. John said .
But that MPD reportwhich was leaked to the media earlier this year , not officially released by MPD Chief Edward Flynndid not turn up voting irregularities overlooked by other investigations .
It did go one step further by advocating for legislative changes that could depress voting in the cityending Election Day voter registration and requiring a photo ID at the polls .
These two policy changes have long been advocated by the Republican Party .
The MPD did not respond to requests for comment for this article , so it is not known if the officers involved in drafting and releasing the report will be involved in the task force .
What ’s your take ?
Write : editor@shepex.com or comment on this story online at www.expressmilwaukee.com.
Correction :
In the Oct. 16 article “ Serving the Garden , ” the Unitarian Universalist Church West was incorrectly identified as Brookfield Unitarian , along with the number of its members , which is 450 .
We regret the error .
I expect I will get slammed for this , but , * ahem * :
Babies - toddlers - children - are * actually * capable of filling emotional voids .
I do n't have one myself , but I have a niece I like to borrow .
I 'm sure there are lots of reasons not to have children at 14 , and I support most of them - and I 'm also sure that wanting to have someone little to love is n't the healthiest way to start out some new person 's life - but all of that said , is it odd that seeing this feels kind of positive for me ?
I would much rather see a girl having a child because she wants to love it than having a child because she does n't believe in abortions and feels trapped but does n't see a way out , or a woman having a child because she 's married and has a career and feels this is the " next " step even though she does n't want it .
Patrick J. Buchanan
Infowars
October 14 , 2008
“ Liquidate labor , liquidate stocks , liquidate the farmers . ”
So Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon advised Herbert Hoover in the Great Crash of ‘ 29 .
Hoover did .
And the nation liquidated him — and the Republicans .
In the Crash of 2008 , 40 percent of stock value has vanished , almost $ 9 trillion .
Some $ 5 trillion in real estate value has disappeared .
A recession looms with sweeping layoffs , unemployment compensation surging , and social welfare benefits soaring .
America ’s first trillion - dollar deficit is at hand .
In Fiscal Year 2008 the deficit was $ 438 billion .
With tax revenue sinking , we will add to this year ’s deficit the $ 200 to $ 300 billion needed to wipe the rotten paper off the books of Fannie and Freddie , the $ 700 billion ( plus the $ 100 billion in add - ons and pork ) for the Wall Street bailout , the $ 85 billion to bail out AIG , and $ 37 billion more now needed , the $ 25 billion for GM , Chrysler and Ford , and the hundreds of billions Hank Paulson will need to buy corporate paper and bail out banks to stop the panic .
As Americans save nothing , where are the feds going to get the money ?
Is the Fed going to print it and destroy the dollar and credit rating of the United States ?
Because the nations whose vaults are full of dollars and U.S. debt — China , Japan , Saudi Arabia , the Gulf Arabs — are reluctant to lend us more .
Sovereign wealth funds that plunged billions into U.S. banks have already been burned .
Uncle Sam ’s VISA card is about to be stamped “ Canceled . ”
The budget is going to have to go under the knife .
But what gets cut ?
Social Security and Medicare are surely exempt .
Seniors have already taken a huge hit in their 401 ( k ) s .
And as the Democrats are crafting another $ 150 billion stimulus package for the working poor and middle class , Medicaid and food stamps are untouchable .
Interest on the debt can not be cut .
It is going up .
Will a Democratic Congress slash unemployment benefits , welfare , education , student loans , veterans benefits — in a recession ?
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
No way .
Yet , that is almost the entire U.S. budget — except for defense , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and foreign aid .
And this is where the axe will eventually fall .
It is the American Empire that is going to be liquidated .
Retrenchment has begun with Bush ’s backing away from confrontations with Axis - of - Evil charter members Iran and North Korea over their nuclear programs , and will likely continue with a negotiated peace in Afghanistan .
Gen. Petraeus and Secretary Gates are already talking “ reconciliation ” with the Taliban .
We no longer live in Eisenhower or Reagan ’s America .
Even the post - Cold War world of George H. W. Bush , where America was a global hegemon , is history .
In both relative and real terms , the U.S.A. is a diminished power .
Where Ike spent 9 percent of GDP on defense , Reagan 6 percent , we spend 4 percent .
Yet we have two wars bleeding us and many more nations to defend , with commitments in the Baltic , Eastern Europe , and the Balkans we did not have in the Cold War .
As U.S. weapons systems are many times more expensive today , we have fewer strategic aircraft and Navy ships than Ike or Reagan commanded .
Our active - duty Army and Marine Corps consist of 700,000 troops , 15 percent women , and a far higher percentage of them support rather than combat troops .
With so few legions , we cannot police the world , and we cannot afford more .
Yet , we have a host of newly hostile nations we did not have in 1989 .
U.S. interests in Latin America are being challenged not only by Cuba , but Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador , Nicaragua and Honduras .
Brazil , Argentina and Chile go their own way .
Russia is reasserting hegemony in the Caucasus , testing new ICBMs , running bomber probes up to U.S. air space .
China , growing at 10 percent as we head into recession , is bristling over U.S. military sales to Taiwan .
Iran remains defiant .
Pakistan is rife with anti-Americanism and al - Qaida sentiment .
The American Empire has become a vast extravagance .
With U.S. markets crashing and wealth vanishing , what are we doing with 750 bases and troops in over 100 countries ?
With a recession of unknown depth and duration looming , why keep borrowing billions from rich Arabs to defend rich Europeans , or billions from China and Japan to hand out in Millennium Challenge Grants to Tanzania and Burkina Faso ?
America needs a bottom - up review of all strategic commitments dating to a Cold War now over for 20 years .
Is it essential to keep 30,000 troops in a South Korea with twice the population and 40 times the wealth of the North ?
Why are McCain and Obama offering NATO memberships , i.e. , war guarantees against Russia , to a Georgia run by a hothead like Mikheil Saakashvili , and a Ukraine , millions of whose people prefer their kinship to Russia to an alliance with us ?
We must put “ country first , ” says John McCain .
Right you are , Senator .
Time to look out for America first .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
QANDIL MOUNTAINS , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The women line the mountainside , locked hand in hand in their green battle fatigues , and begin dancing .
It 's a victory dance , they say , that is routine after raids across the border on Turkish troops .
The PKK women say they are fighting for their rights .
" We want ... society that revolves around women , " one says .
more photos »
" We want a natural life , a society that revolves around women -- one where women and men are equal , a society without pressure , without inequality , where all differences between people are eliminated , " says Rengin , the head of a female battalion of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK .
Most of these fighters go by a single name .
Rengin joined the PKK in this mountain enclave in 1990 , when she was just 14 , after she says Turkish forces killed her father .
She says she wanted to fight for Kurdish rights and women 's rights .
" Women grow up enslaved by society .
The minute you are born as a girl , society inhibits you , " she says .
" We 've gone to war with that .
If I am a woman , I need to be known by the strength of my womanhood , to get respect .
Those are my rights .
And it was hard for the men to accept this . "
See photos of women with guns in mountain enclave »
Much of the outside world views the PKK with suspicion .
It 's been labeled a terrorist organization by the United States , Iraq , Turkey and NATO .
The PKK has fought Turkey for decades to establish a Kurdish state .
Tens of thousands have been killed in the conflict .
The most recent spate of fighting broke out over the weekend .
The Turkish military bombed PKK positions on Saturday in response to clashes on Friday that killed at least 15 Turkish troops and 23 PKK fighters , according to the Turkish military .
The PKK gives a different assessment :
It says more than 60 Turkish troops were killed , and that it lost nine fighters .
Facing mounting pressure and wanting to distance itself from the PKK , the Kurdish Regional Government in northern Iraq has made it increasingly difficult for outsiders to reach the Qandil Mountains where the guerrilla group is based .
Checkpoints have been set up along all routes leading to and from the mountains , intended to stop people as well as any aid and supplies from reaching the fighting force .
CNN has gotten rare access , and is taken deep into the PKK hideout .
Three fighters escort us on a five - and - a - half - hour hike through rugged terrain .
They move naturally through the jagged , rocky region , effortlessly climbing and descending steep trails even at night .
Watch fighter describe why women need to escape " enslavement " »
" We have built - in night vision , " one fighter jokingly whispers .
The mountainside camps , made of makeshift tents that are easily dismantled , blend into the landscape .
The fighters change locations every few days to avoid detection .
As dawn breaks , a group of fighters huddles around an old radio that brings in news of the outside world .
Small fires burn in front of the tents , heating water in blackened kettles for tea .
The PKK has an idealistic philosophy , one that combines Kurdish nationalism with certain communist goals , such as equality and communal ownership of property .
The fighters here say that their cause has evolved beyond a desire for a Kurdish state -- that they are now fighting to generate dramatic social change .
Today , the PKK 's ideology revolves around a belief that global crises and injustice are a result of millennia of male - dominated rule .
Here , the women run their own assaults and have their own command structure .
All tasks are shared , both on and off the battlefield .
Discipline is paramount to survival , they say , and weapons are always clean and never out of reach .
Back in 1998 , the fighters say , their now - jailed leader Abdullah Ocalan declared the group " a women 's party . "
It was initially difficult to accept , says Karim , a 42 - year - old male member of the PKK .
" There was an intense discussion about the role of women , " says Karim .
" We did n't want to accept it at first .
Women by nature are physically weaker , and in war that hits you like a boomerang .
You need to watch the way you fight , the way you move .
So we were against this .
We did n't want the women with us because it makes combat tougher on us .
But Ocalan said in his book , if we are really trying to create a new society , we have to develop women .
If women are enslaved , then so are men . "
Turkey accuses Iraq 's Kurds of aiding the PKK , whose stronghold is located in Iraq 's Kurdish northern region , an autonomous area run by the Kurdistan Regional Government .
Turkish Gen. Hasan Igsiz was quoted in the leading Turkish daily newspaper , Huriyet , as saying , " We have no support at all from the northern Iraqi administration [ against the separatists ] .
Let aside any support , they are providing [ the separatists with ] infrastructural capabilities such as hospitals and roads . "
Bahoz Erdal , the military leader of PKK , told CNN , " We are ready for a political solution . "
" We do not expect to find a final solution immediately , but we want to take the first steps towards that solution , " he said .
" And that first step could be Turkey changing its attitude towards our jailed leader , stopping military sweeps and attacks against our forces , and ending its policy of oppression . "
He said these can be initial steps to a solution that gives Kurds equal rights with Turkish citizens within Turkey , not a separate Kurdish state .
For its part , Turkey has said that it will not negotiate with terrorists .
At the camp , Yildiz , a round - faced 20 - year - old , says : " We do n't have a goal of fighting . "
She says she joined the PKK when she was 17 because she felt society was suffocating her , as a woman and as a Kurd .
" Our struggle is about many things : Changing people , returning to core values , getting rid of society 's ingrained enslavement .
When I came here , I realized the social injustices so much more .
How could we have lived like this for so long ?
How could we have accepted this for so long ? "
Leaning forward , she pulls her vest around the two grenades that each fighter carries .
" I felt different from the first moment that I got here , " she says .
" In the city , the atmosphere is crowded , full of people and cars .
Here , there is that silence and beauty of nature .
It 's so different . "
The fighters may seem cut off from the outside world , but they have a regular supply of arms and food brought in on mule convoys .
They say they stay well funded by Kurdish expatriates all over the world .
Western defense analysts estimate their numbers based in Iraq 's mountains are in the few thousands .
The PKK wo n't tell us how large their fighting force is .
But they say that it was because they are driven by passion that they have survived this long .
Rengin says on her second night in the mountains , when she was 14 years old , her unit came under attack .
Her battalion commander was shot in the head .
" Her head was on my knee , " says Rengin , now 32 .
" As she was dying , she said to me : ' Our people are going to get what is rightfully theirs .
I am proud to have died for this .
Tell everyone we will succeed . "
The armed struggle has brought few results .
The PKK says it wants to shift to dialogue , but after renewed fighting , there seems to be little hope of that .
All About Turkey • Kurdistan Workers ' Party • Kurdistan Regional Government • Iraq
Some of your favorite famous people just may be libertarian !
Check out this definitive list of celebrities who believe in individual liberty , free markets , and peace .
Just about everyone has libertarian views on some issues , and many people are libertarian but do n’t know there ’s a name for what they believe ( or who choose not to publicly label their views ) .
However , we have a special criteria for someone making this list : they have publicly declared themselves “ libertarian . ”
Be sure to bookmark this page and check back often , because libertarianism is becoming more and more popular every day and we ’re always adding new people to the list .
If you hear any celebrities saying they are libertarian , please let us know !
Your God has revealed itself and its name is Free Market .
Consumerism is its Holy Religion and consumption your daily prayer .
Do not seek to understand your god , only to serve it and its prophets .
It works in mysterious ways but you , its chosen people , will always live and prosper , as long as you respect and fear it .
Listen to the prophets of your God , for they know better than you .
They have received its holy blessing through the mentoring of prophets that came before them , all the way back to the first ones who heard its call .
Be assured when they all sing the same tunes , for that is the one true song .
Do not listen to the false prophets , for they have spurned your God and will lead you astray .
There is no higher God than the Free Market and no matter what they promise you , it is false .
Your God will not allow it .
Do not anger your God by challenging its Holy Religion .
There is no higher honour for your God than spending your money on More Stuff® .
Hear its higher calling and follow it .
When you ca n’t keep up anymore , your God is most wise , most benevolent and has foreseen it .
It has given you …Credit !
Your God will occasionally become enraged and turn against you .
Know that this is because you were unfaithful to your God and you let false prophets to lead you astray .
Do not seek to understand its anger but only to appease it .
Its prophets will show you how .
When your God demands sacrifice , do not falter , do not bulk .
Lay the bodies of the worthless to its altar of prosperity so that their blood may oil the gears of wealth .
Your God sees all , knows all and is most benevolent .
When enough souls have perished , its blessings will return once more .
Do not pity the poor , for this is just punishment from your God .
They deserve their place for they have not been chosen by birth .
However your God is most wise , most merciful and its invisible hand will ocassionaly raise new disciples from even the lowest of the low .
The faithful enough can even become its new prophets and spread it ’s blessed song .
Do not pity the worker for their life has become better through its touch .
It has created new desires for him that only it can fulfill and he is now truly happy .
Some workers will end up as offerings when
It becomes enraged but the rest will live to enjoy its new blessings .
When the going gets rough , admit that you did not believe enough in your God .
You were unfaithful and doubting .
Use your blessed Credit to follow the Holy Religion and do your prayers .
If that is denied of you , understand that you were not faithful enough and spend the rest of your life atoning for your sins .
Do not seek to control your God , for you will only end up enraging him sooner .
Trust in its Wisdom and let it decide what is good for you .
For it is the Free Market .
Most Benevolent .
Most Merciful .
Most Wise .
And it is your God .
And this is basically what I understand when discussing with Libertarians
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
x
bomomo created by Philipp Lenssen 2008 .
IExplorer version by Nikolai Kordulla .
Feel free to do anything with the image you create ... it 's yours !
Feedback ? info@bomomo.com
Privacy : We use Google Analytics to collect traffic stats , and AdSense to show ads .
We also use a Facebook Like widget .
Other sites of interest : Games for the Brain | bomomo Gallery
The Hot Standby Router Protocol ( HSRP ) is a Cisco proprietary first - hop redundancy protocol ( FHRP ) designed to allow for transparent fail - over of the first - hop IP router , and has been described in detail in RFC 2281 .
HSRP provides high network availability by providing first - hop routing redundancy for IP hosts on Ethernet , Fiber Distributed Data Interface ( FDDI ) , Bridge - Group Virtual Interface ( BVI ) , LAN Emulation ( LANE ) , or Token Ring networks configured with a default gateway IP address .
HSRP is used in a group of routers for selecting an active router and a standby router .
In a group of router interfaces , the active router is the router of choice for routing packets ; the standby router is the router that takes over when the active router fails or when preset conditions are met .
HSRP active and standby routers send hello messages to the multicast address 224.0.0.2 using UDP port 1985 .
The virtual router is simply an IP and MAC address pair that end devices have configured as their default gateway .
The active router processes all packets and frames sent to the virtual router address .
The virtual router does not process physical frames and exists in software only .
The active router physically forwards packets sent to the MAC address of the virtual router .
The virtual router MAC address is a well know mac- address and it is 0000.0c07.acxx , where xx is the HSRP group member .
For example , if the group is 20 the virtual MAC address is 0000.0c07.ac14 ( remember that the number in the mac address is expressed in HEX !!! ) .
When the active router fails , the other HSRP routers stop seeing hello messages from the active router .
So , the standby router will be the new active router and , if possible , a new standby router will be elected .
Because the new active router assumes both the IP and MAC addresses of the virtual router , the end stations see no disruption in service .
The end - user stations continue to send packets to the virtual router MAC address , and the new active router delivers the packets to the destination .
HSRP has 2 timers :
Hello interval time : Interval between successive HSRP hello messages from given router .
Default is 3 seconds .
: Interval between successive HSRP hello messages from given router .
Default is 3 seconds .
Hold interval time : Interval between the receipt of a hello message and the presumption that the sending router has failed .
Default is 10 seconds .
In this example , there are 3 routers connected to the local segment 192.168.0.0/ 24 .
These routers belong to the HSRP group number 1 and each physical interfaces have different ip address ( 192.168.0.11 , 192.168.0.12 , 192.168.0.13 ) .
When the HSRP is enabled , these routers will be represented by 1 virtual router ; in this case the MAC address is 0000.0c07.ac01 ( 0000.0c07.acxx is the HSRP well - known MAC address and the 01 is the HSRP group number ) and the virtual ip address is 192.168.0.1 .
Remember that the default gateway defined to the PC is 192.168.0.1 and NOT the IP of the physical interface of the routers .
What are the commands used to enable HSRP ?
To enable HSRP you must :
Define the physical ip address of the interface
Define the HSRP virtual ip address
Ciscozine_1
Ciscozine_1#sh run interface fastethernet 0/0 Building configuration ...
Current configuration : 123 bytes !
interface FastEthernet0/0 ip address 192.168.0.11 255.255.255.0 standby 1 ip 192.168.0.1 end Ciscozine_1 #
Ciscozine_2
Ciscozine_2#sh run interface fastethernet 0/0 Building configuration ...
Current configuration : 123 bytes !
interface FastEthernet0/0 ip address 192.168.0.12 255.255.255.0 standby 1 ip 192.168.0.1 end Ciscozine_2 #
Ciscozine_3
Ciscozine_3#sh run interface fastethernet 0/0 Building configuration ...
Current configuration : 123 bytes !
interface FastEthernet0/0 ip address 192.168.0.13 255.255.255.0 standby 1 ip 192.168.0.1 end Ciscozine_3 #
Remember :
The standby ip interface configuration command enables HSRP and establishes 192.168.0.1 as the IP address of the virtual router .
The configurations of routers include this command so that the 3 routers share the same virtual IP address .
The 1 establishes Hot Standby group 1 .
( If you do not specify a group number , the default is group 0 . )
The configuration for at least one of the routers in the Hot Standby group must specify the IP address of the virtual router ; specifying the IP address of the virtual router is optional for other routers in the same Hot Standby group .
Optional settings are : preempt , priority , authentication , timers , …
To display Hot Standby Router Protocol ( HSRP ) information , use the show standby command in privileged EXEC mode .
- Advertisement -
show standby [ type number [ group - number ] ] [ active | init | listen | standby ] [ brief ]
Syntax description :
type number : ( Optional )
Interface type and number for which output is displayed .
group - number : ( Optional ) Group number on the interface for which output is displayed .
active : ( Optional ) Displays HSRP groups in the active state .
init : ( Optional ) Displays HSRP groups in the initial state .
listen : ( Optional ) Displays HSRP groups in the listen or learn state .
standby : ( Optional ) Displays HSRP groups in the standby or speak state .
brief : ( Optional ) Summarizes each standby group as a single line of output .
In this istance , the output of the show standby command is :
Ciscozine_2#sh standby FastEthernet0/0 - Group 1 State is Standby 6 state changes , last state change 00:11:12 Virtual IP address is 192.168.0.1
Active virtual MAC address is 0000.0c07.ac01 Local virtual MAC address is 0000.0c07.ac01 ( default )
Hello time 3 sec , hold time 10 sec Next hello sent in 2.772 secs Preemption disabled Active router is 192.168.0.13 , priority 100 ( expires in 7.736 sec )
Standby router is local Priority 100 ( default 100 ) IP redundancy name is " hsrp - Fa0/0 - 1 " ( default ) Ciscozine_2 #
If the priority of the routers are the same , the active router ( the router that forward the packets ) will be the router with the highest ip address and the stanby router will be the router with the second highest IP address .
To debugging HSRP operations use the command debug standby .
References :
Update : Murtha apologizes for calling western PA ' racist ' RAW STORY
Published : Thursday October 16 , 2008
Print This Email This Democratic Rep. John Murtha apologized Thursday for accusing voters in western Pennsylvania of being racist , the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette reports .
A day after he called Western Pennsylvania " a racist area , " U.S. Rep. John P. Murtha said in a statement today " I apologize for making the comment . "
He continued , " While we cannot deny that race is a factor in this election , I believe we 've been able to look beyond race these past few months , and that voters today are concerned with the policy differences of our two candidates and their vision for the future of our great country , " said Mr. Murtha , a Johnstown Democrat .
Murtha , whose district includes much of southwestern Pennsylvania , had previously predicted that Barack Obama , the first African American to lead a major party ticket , would win Pennsylvania in this year 's presidential election by closer margins than polls have predicted .
" I think Obama is going to win , but I do n't think it 's going to be a runaway , " said John Murtha , a 17 - term Democrat from Johnstown , Pennsylvania .
" There 's no question Western Pennsylvania is a racist area , " he said .
" The older population is more hesitant . "
In a meeting with the Post - Gazette 's editorial staff , Murth said he was impressed with Obama 's organization in the state and said he saw momentum growing behind the Democrat 's campaign .
Obama 's Republican rival John McCain has borne the brunt of the economic crisis , said Murtha .
Military veterans and senior citizens began to support Obama in recent weeks , he said , but it had " taken time for the state 's voters embrace a black presidential candidate , " reported the newspaper .
The latest aggregate poll from RealClearPolitics.com finds Obama leading McCain in Pennsylvania by over 13 percentage points .
With wire reports
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Republican vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin has accused the Democratic presidential candidate , Barack Obama , of associating with terrorists .
She said he had been " palling around " with an ex-member of US - based militant group Weather Underground , which opposed the Vietnam War in the 1960s .
Mr Obama once served on a charity board with a member of the group , but he has denounced its activities .
A Democratic spokesman accused the Republicans of gutter politics .
" What 's clear is that John McCain and Sarah Palin would rather spend their time tearing down Barack Obama than laying out a plan to build up our economy , " Hari Sevugan said .
Commentators say Mrs Palin 's attack forms part of a broader Republican strategy to attack Mr Obama 's character .
Denunciation Speaking to supporters in Colorado and later in a Los Angeles suburb , Alaska Governor Palin said the time had come to take the gloves off .
The White House candidates face their second debate on Tuesday Quoting a New York Times article , she attacked Senator Obama over his link to Bill Ayers , a founder of the Weather Underground , which waged a violent campaign against the Vietnam War .
The group was blamed for a number of bombings in the US in the 1960s .
Mrs Palin described Mr Obama as someone who saw the US " as being so imperfect ... he is palling around with terrorists who would target their own country " .
Mr Obama served on a charity board several years ago with Mr Ayers , who is now a professor at the University of Illinois .
The White House hopeful , who was a child when Weather Underground was active , has denounced Mr Ayers ' radical past .
Focus on healthcare
The Alaska governor also said she wished the McCain campaign had not this week pulled out of the battleground state of Michigan , effectively conceding it to the Democrats .
Mr Obama meanwhile attacked the healthcare plans of Republican presidential nominee John McCain .
Speaking to some 18,000 people at a rally in Virginia , Senator Obama described the Arizona senator 's policy as " radical " and claimed 20 million people would be left out by it .
HAVE YOUR SAY I'm a McCain supporter , but Palin really needs to fire the person who told her to say that J Young , USA A spokesman for Mr McCain , who is in his home state preparing for Tuesday 's second presidential debate , said that was " a bald - faced lie " .
Healthcare is important to voters and the Obama campaign has unveiled new adverts attacking Mr McCain on the issue in every battleground state .
Mr Obama 's Virginia rally came ahead of a Monday deadline for voters to register there and in more than a dozen other states , including Pennsylvania , Michigan , Ohio , Indiana and Florida .
Voter turnout could be vital in deciding the outcome of the 4 November presidential election .
Meanwhile , viewing figures show a record 69.9 million people tuned in to watch Mrs Palin take part in Thursday 's televised vice - presidential debate with Democratic nominee Joe Biden .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The Washington Post carries an interesting article today about the durability of carbon offsets in the midst of a financial downturn — at least so far .
Seems that carbon credits peddled like stocks on fledgling markets , as well as those sold directly to consumers online as a way of “ offsetting ” some activity or event — a transatlantic flight , say , or a wedding — are doing well .
Or at least that ’s the way the piece starts out , noting that “ sales of carbon offsets — whose buyers pay hard cash to make amends for their sins against the climate — are up .
Still .
In some cases , the prices have actually been climbing . ”
For those still unfamiliar with the fledgling market for offsets in the United States , the Post offers an explanation — and notes some caveats issued by critics :
On the surface , offsets sound like a simple transaction .
Generally , the buyer uses an online tool to calculate the carbon footprint — the amount of harmful emissions — of a car , a flight or a year ’s activities .
Then the buyer pays an offset vendor to cancel out that footprint .
This is done through projects that stop emissions from occurring or remove pollutants from the air .
Some offsets are sold like stocks on the Chicago Climate Exchange .
Other groups sell them directly to consumers .
One study last year found that offset prices ranged from $ 1.80 per ton of emissions to $ 300 , with most about $ 6.10 .
Watchdog groups say offset vendors sometimes do not deliver what they promise .
Some offset projects , such as mass tree plantings aimed at absorbing carbon dioxide , deliver climate benefits that are difficult to measure .
In other cases , it is unclear whether offsets funnel money to existing projects or to projects that might have been done anyway .
That last bit refers to the notion of “ additionality ” — a concept that grew out of the Kyoto Protocol as a way of valuing carbon offsets against business - as - usual .
That is to say , the value of a carbon offset in funding an emissions reduction project is — or ought to be — based in large part on whether that project would have happened anyway .
If it would have , the offset has little value .
Think of it this way :
If that mass tree planting referred to above would have happened whether or not you bought your greenhouse gas ( GHG ) offset — or whether an offset market even existed — then what ’s been accomplished ?
Writing last year at the online journal Nature Reports Climate Change , a Web site of Nature Publishing Group , an assembly of five scientists and climate experts called the fuzzy notion of additionality the “ most vexing ” challenge facing the offsets trade — particularly in voluntary markets like those in the United States .
The crucial question is whether the added revenue or other resources gained from selling GHG offset credits somehow enables a project ’s implementation , or if the extra revenue simply lines the pockets of those who would have implemented the project anyway ?
In markets for public goods that lack some form of mandated quotas ( for example , emission caps ) , additionality determinations serve the function of maintaining scarcity in the marketplace .
Without them , GHG offsets representing business - as - usual reductions will tend to flood the market .
There is no correct technique for determining additionality because it involves the evaluation of counterfactual circumstances .
No test for additionality can provide certainty about what would have happened otherwise .
The challenge is akin to statistical hypothesis testing .
Adopt tests that are too stringent and one risks disqualifying many truly additional projects , thus restricting offset supplies and increasing their prices .
But adopt tests that are too lenient , and the market will be dominated by ‘ free riders ’ who would have implemented their projects anyway .
Consider one landfill operator mentioned in The Post , who sells carbon offsets for a methane - capture project .
What if there was no offset market , The Post asked ?
The project would have happened anyway , the landfill ’s executive director said , adding that the offset cash is “ gravy to us right now . ”
Devloping market - wide standards for drawing lines , as well as creating mechanisms for government oversight , the authors of The Nature article say , is a first step .
As it is , a wide array of competing industry standards are being developed , the experts lament , which might well undermine the whole enterprise : “ Although the consequences are difficult to predict , ” the authors write , “ the confusion produced by a host of independent ‘ standards ’ operating in a regulatory vacuum has the potential to discredit market - based environmental policies . ”
Indeed , it might not matter if the credit crunch begins to hit home for the well - heeled — the biggest consumers of guilt - assuaging credits .
Wrote The Post today : “ People in this business are worried that the guilt boom is about to bust . ”
If you want to know what it 's like to be a veteran in John McCain 's home state , stop by the Justa Center in downtown Phoenix .
On a Thursday morning not long ago , a volunteer named Twyla stands in front of a group of clients at Justa , a day program for homeless seniors , explaining what she 's brought from the food bank .
" I hope that those of you who do n't have many teeth , that you 'll be okay with the salad , " she says , adding that she 's also brought blueberry pomegranate juice .
" And cake for dessert ! "
Scott Ritchey rolls his eyes good - naturedly as he passes through the room , where the fluorescent light does n't do any favors for the dirty linoleum and the worn - out , mismatched couches .
For the past three years , this decrepit little building near the Arizona Capitol has been a godsend for about 100 homeless seniors who have nothing to do with their days , after waking up at the nearby shelter .
On any given day , about half the participants are veterans .
There 's a special unit reserved for veterans at the shelter , but the waiting list is long , so many vets sleep in a parking lot euphemistically called " the overflow . "
Justa gives them a mailing address , a place to shower , access to the Internet and phone , lockers to store their belongings .
When Ritchey , a Methodist minister , started the program — which operates on about $ 260,000 a year , all private donations — one of the first things he did was call the local office of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to get some help for the vets .
It took a year for anyone to show up .
And in three years , Ritchey says , the VA has yet to place a single Justa Center vet in housing .
There are programs in town that offer housing for veterans , but they 've got to prove they 're employed .
" You 're 82 years old .
You do n't need to work , " Ritchey says .
Almost all his clients have diabetes ; many have dementia .
Add untreated depression and post - traumatic stress disorder and you have a bad situation , particularly when you have to battle the VA 's bureaucracy .
Ritchey regularly finds vets napping on the floor by the Coke machine ; the sleeping area is too dark and claustrophobic , they tell him .
He recalls one client who needed open - heart surgery .
The VA scheduled a doctor 's appointment in Tucson , two hours away , and advised the homeless man to rent a car to drive down and spend the night in a hotel .
Ritchey intervened and got the man to Tucson ; he has n't heard from him since .
Ritchey 's careful not to place direct blame on the VA , which he describes as " underfunded , understaffed , and overwhelmed , " but he 's clearly frustrated .
Michole Felder , a job counselor at Justa , is n't as careful .
He looks over at Ritchey and asks , " Can I be honest ? " Ritchey nods .
" The VA does n't do shit , " Felder says .
In three years , he does n't know of a vet who 's gotten a job placement through the agency .
Bobby Collins , 59 , is a homeless Vietnam vet who shows up at Justa from time to time .
He 's been waiting for a benefits check from the VA for eight months .
Collins was shot in the throat in Vietnam , and his leg is full of shrapnel .
He 's got two Purple Hearts , but he did n't claim his medical benefits for years — he did n't need to ; he had steady jobs as a welder and a carpenter .
Then , last Thanksgiving , he came to Phoenix and could n't find work , and quickly found himself homeless .
Now he needs the money .
The people at the VA are very nice , Collins says , but the bureaucracy is impossible .
They 've told him he 'll get his money .
He does n't understand why it 's taking so long .
Collins says he 's working hard to not be bitter , but when he arrived in Phoenix and saw what few services there were for him as a veteran , he was mad at John McCain .
" I have a lot of respect for Senator McCain as a war hero , " he says , but " I would never vote for a veteran who lets veterans in his state be treated this way . "
In the last few minutes of the first presidential debate , on September 26 , John McCain made a statement that probably blew past most economy - obsessed Americans but stopped a lot of military veterans short .
Barack Obama had just remarked that he 's approached all the time by Iraq
War veterans who say they can't get help for post - traumatic stress disorder from the overwhelmed veterans administration , something Obama vows to improve .
When it was his turn to reply , McCain seemed incensed that Obama would dare intrude on McCain 's turf as , perhaps , America 's most famous injured war vet .
" I know the veterans and I know them well , " he said , his voice shaky with emotion .
" And I know that they know that I 'll take care of them .
And I 've been proud of their support and of their recognition of my service to the veterans .
And I love them , and I 'll take care of them .
And they know that I 'll take care of them . "
But he has n't .
McCain's had 25 years in Congress to help veterans , yet nearly all he 's done is talk about his own experiences as a prisoner of war — and push the country to go to war again .
Veterans groups are finally speaking out about their frustration with McCain , who rides on his reputation as a war veteran while sitting on a long record of opposing legislation that would benefit vets .
McCain 's campaign did not return a call for comment about the work he claims to have done on behalf of veterans , both regarding his voting record and his constituent - services operations .
To be fair , it 's not that McCain has never cast a pro-veteran vote or helped a vet in need .
But the overwhelming pattern of his actions is hypocritical :
On the campaign trail , he pledges support .
Listening to him , you 'd think he's been the veterans ' greatest champion .
An examination of his record both in Washington , D.C. , and Arizona just does n't bear that out .
The last time McCain was in his adopted home state of Arizona to meet with veterans , he was n't here to visit the Justa Center .
He went to downtown Phoenix this summer to court potential voters at the annual conference of the American Legion , the nation 's largest and most prestigious veterans organization .
During taped questions , McCain was asked about veterans benefits .
He began by reciting a 1789 quote from George Washington that he trots out at town hall meetings :
" The willingness of young Americans to serve their country at a time of war is directly related to the treatment the country accords to those who 've served in previous wars . "
No wonder military recruitment is down .
According to one group that compiles its own " wish list " budget for the Department of Veterans Affairs each year , the number of veterans seeking help increased 29 percent between 2006 and 2007 .
Yet funding did n't increase to meet that .
The Independent Budget Consortium , made up of representatives of more than a dozen veterans organizations , says veterans are shorted billions of dollars in services each year .
McCain stood up in the second presidential debate , on October 7 , and told the American people he supports a spending freeze that excludes veterans .
But the truth is that John McCain has voted against funding for healthcare and other services for veterans for years .
The senator did n't support a measure that would have closed tax loopholes to fund improvements at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , D.C. , though he surely must have wished he had when he saw the stories last year that documented deplorable conditions at the hospital .
He has voted against help for victims of post - traumatic stress disorder .
He has voted against programs to provide housing to low - income and special - needs veterans .
He did not support the latest GI Bill .
Brandon Friedman is a former Army officer who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and is now vice chairman of a national veterans support group called Vote Vets , which is devoted to electing veterans — with one notable exception — to public office .
Friedman calls McCain 's statements in support of vets " a slap in the face . "
He says , " Coming from a guy who 's kept us stuck in Iraq at the expense of the fight against al - Qaeda in Afghanistan — and who opposed the new GI Bill — [ such comments do n't ] carry much weight .
Those are empty words .
John McCain is all talk when it comes to supporting veterans , and his voting record shows it . "
Historically , it 's been difficult for anyone to question McCain 's status as a patriot .
Or , because he was tortured in North Vietnam , to challenge him on anything at all .
Even his most vicious detractors can't take away the fact that John McCain suffered for his country .
But there 's also no denying that McCain , unlike most of his fellow vets , did n't need a government safety net when he returned home from the Hanoi Hilton .
His grandfather was a Navy admiral .
His father was the commander of U.S. Naval forces in Europe and , later , the Pacific during the Vietnam War .
John III landed softly in the arms of a well - to - do family and , later , his even wealthier second wife .
John McCain never needed to line up at the VA to see a doctor ; he 's had the finest medical care money can buy .
He never needed the government 's help to pay the rent or find a job .
McCain arrived in Arizona in the early 1980s with his POW story and money from his new beer - heiress wife .
He took advantage of both to get elected to Congress , and has used his military record to get ahead ever since .
Although McCain himself has stated that military service is n't a job requirement for commander in chief , his own time in the Navy — particularly as a POW — has served as the hallmark of his presidential campaign .
He skated for years on his military record , but now his record in Congress on veterans benefits has caught up with him .
That started in earnest last year , with the scandal at Walter Reed .
McCain actually stood up and took the blame , that time .
" I will take responsibility for being a member of the Armed Services Committee and not knowing about it and not doing anything about it , " McCain told the New York Times in March 2007 , adding , " I apologize for my failure " to act and " I should be held accountable . "
He should .
As an Army hospital , rather than a VA facility , Walter Reed actually falls under the purview of his Armed Services Committee , rather than Veterans Affairs .
Yet McCain voted against a 2006 Senate measure that would have closed tax loopholes for the very wealthy to devote $ 1 billion to failing healthcare facilities for veterans , including Walter Reed .
After McCain stood up at the first presidential debate and pledged his undying love for the nation 's veterans , quiet complaints about his lack of support for veterans got a lot louder .
Until the 2008 presidential race , the only veterans really harping about him were from a group called Vietnam Veterans Against McCain .
You need only visit its
Web site to see how fringe the group 's members and their complaints can be .
They 've called McCain " the Manchurian Candidate " and disparaged him for ignoring their efforts to find missing POWs in Vietnam .
McCain has never been particularly patient with them , either — he famously made the mother of one missing POW cry at a congressional hearing in the early 1990s and engaged in heated arguments with others .
They will never forgive him for voting to normalize relations with Vietnam .
But the new round of complaints is a different story .
It 's not only about a difference of opinion over how the war in Iraq is being handled , though that 's part of it .
It 's a story about how the soldiers are treated once they come home .
Vote Vets ' Brandon Friedman has documented and circulated dozens of instances since 1987 in which the senator has voted against what adds up to billions of dollars in funding for veterans for healthcare , counseling , and other benefits .
McCain has voted to outsource VA jobs held by blue - collar veterans and supports privatizing healthcare for veterans — very unpopular positions among many vets .
More famously , he actively opposed the most recent GI Bill , stating that its education benefits were so generous that he worried it would encourage military personnel to leave the service .
Even his conservative colleague and ally , John Warner , the Republican senator from Virginia , supported the bill , but McCain would n't budge ; he did n't bother to show up for the final vote .
When Barack Obama criticized his position on the GI Bill , McCain responded with a press conference , in which he said , " I believe that I have earned the right to speak out on veterans issues .
As a matter of fact , I 've received the highest award from literally every veterans organization in America . "
While it 's true that veterans groups have honored McCain for his service in Vietnam , few , if any , are praising him for his service to veterans while in Congress , particularly in the past several years .
Most vet special - interest groups decline to officially take sides ( even Vote Vets has n't made a presidential endorsement ) .
But Vote Vets is among many veterans groups to note the discrepancy between John McCain 's talk and his actions .
In both 2006 and 2007 - 08 , the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America gave McCain a D for his record on key congressional votes .
The Disabled American Veterans scored him at 20 percent in 2006 ; 25 percent in 2005 ; and 50 percent in 2004 .
And the Retired Enlisted Association gave him a 0 in 2006 and a rating of 18 percent in 2004 .
These are the most recent rankings released by the groups .
Another organization , Veterans for Common Sense , posted this comment on its
Web site earlier this year : " John McCain is yet another Republican . . . military veteran who likes to talk a big game when it comes to having the support of the military .
Yet , time and time again , he has gone out of his way to vote against the needs of those who are serving in our military .
If he can't even see his way to actually do what the troops want , or what the veterans need , and he does n't have the support of veterans , then how can he be a credible commander in chief ? "
The special - interest groups are n't the only ones taking notes on McCain 's voting record .
John Adams retired last year as an Army brigadier general .
His last assignment was as deputy U.S. military representative to NATO in Brussels .
He moved to Tucson and signed up as the head of Arizona Veterans for Obama .
" It 's really disingenuous for him to say that he has taken care of veterans in any way , " Adams says .
" His voting record shows that he has n't . "
And then there 's Don Johnson .
A veteran of the first Gulf War , Johnson , now 40 , took a bullet in the leg and has been up and down on his luck ever since .
He 's currently sleeping in the overflow lot at the downtown shelter and spending days at the Arid Club , which holds meetings of 12 - step programs .
When asked to talk about his feelings about McCain , Johnson did his homework .
Not only did he go to the library to research the senator 's voting record , he took it upon himself to conduct an unofficial survey of his fellow homeless veterans , including a Vietnam vet named Nick , who has n't voted in 20 years but registered this time so he can vote against McCain .
As for Johnson , he wrote a poem to express his feelings :
An officer and a gentleman ,
A liar ,
A politician ,
Standing on a soapbox ,
Crying , I 'm a POW and a Vet .
But you have n't done anything for us yet .
You claim Stars and Stripes , freedom for all ,
Unless you are homeless , have suffered a fall .
Why must you lie for political gain ?
Do you have an answer , Mr. McCain ?
In August , a Gallup poll showed McCain well ahead of Obama among vets ( mainly , the pollsters said , because McCain is a Republican ) .
More recently , a non-scientific poll released this month by the Military Times showed that vets preferred McCain 3 - to - 1 to Obama .
That would be a coup for McCain , although those surveyed by Military Times were older , whiter , and more senior in rank than the general armed services population .
But the Center for Responsive Politics reported this summer that Obama had received about $ 74,000 in political contributions from active military personnel , compared with McCain 's $ 16,000 .
If nothing else , John McCain 's voting record on veterans issues is a stunning example of hypocrisy , coming from a guy who owes his fame to his celebrity status as a former POW .
In an effort to rehabilitate himself after the Keating Five scandal and show he wanted to stop government overspending , McCain made Arizona a sacrificial lamb , refusing to request or support any earmarked spending .
Every year , millions of dollars are appropriated to specific projects in individual states .
Some are boondoggles , to be sure , but others are good programs , including many for veterans .
Citizens Against Government Waste , which has made McCain its poster boy , publishes a list every year of programs the group and McCain dismiss as pork .
There are no projects marked " Arizona " in the veterans - related " pork " that Citizens Against Government Waste has listed for the past several years , but the list targets dozens of programs in other states designed to help veterans .
For 2008 alone , the list included :
• $ 277,000 to train veterans to be teachers in Pensacola , Florida ,
• $ 196,000 for a computer lab for disabled veterans in Providence , Rhode Island ,
• $ 196,000 for renovation , construction , and build - out for a low - income veterans housing program in southeastern Massachusetts ,
• $ 147,000 for construction of affordable housing for homeless veterans in San Diego ,
• $ 196,000 for housing homeless veterans with special needs in Denver .
McCain voted against them all , just to make a point .
Point taken .
The saying goes , " Hate the war , love the warrior . "
In McCain 's case , it almost seems reversed .
John Adams , chairman of Arizona Veterans for Obama , recalls that in the second presidential debate , McCain called for a spending freeze on just about everything but veterans services .
" His record belies the fact that he would promote Veterans Affairs expenditures , " Adams says .
" John McCain 's record shows that he has been untrustworthy . "
About McCain 's love for the war , his celebrated support of the troop surge in Iraq when so many others shunned the idea , Adams says , " We ought not to fight wars unless we have to .
The lesson of the surge is not that we 've been able to limit violence . . . it's that we 've been able to delay our withdrawal by another two years . "
The surge that McCain has backed , Adams adds , has cost the United States $ 10 billion a month and at least another 600 lives .
In his memoir Faith of My Fathers , published in 1999 as his first presidential bid went into full swing , McCain admitted that he received better treatment than his fellow Hanoi Hilton prisoners , because of his father 's status at the time as a high - ranking Naval commander .
Not that prison camp was a walk in the park for him — to this day you can see the scars of war as he makes his way across a stage to speak .
But McCain does n't dwell in his books on how much his life was different from the lives of his fellow soldiers — after the war .
McCain endured painful physical therapy in his quest to fly again , but he did n't have trouble getting treatment .
His biggest career challenge was persuading his military bosses to allow him to study at the War College ; as he wrote , he pulled strings with now - Senator Warner ( his father 's old friend during Warner 's time as Secretary of the Navy ) when he was told his military rank did n't qualify him for the placement he wanted .
McCain had come home in 1973 .
By 1980 , after a prestigious stint as a Navy liaison to the U.S. Senate ( landed through his father 's influence ) , he'd met a much younger and richer woman , Cindy Lou Hensley ; ended his first marriage to Carol McCain , who herself had been gravely injured in a car accident while he was in Vietnam ; and taken off for his new home , Arizona .
He 'd also given up the military for a career in politics .
He was pretty much a one - note wonder in a crowded campaign in 1982 for the congressional seat being vacated by John Rhodes .
" Thanks to my prisoner of war experience , I had a good first story to sell , " he and Mark Salter wrote in a later memoir , Worth The Fighting For , published in 2002 .
McCain emerged from a crowded Republican Party to take the congressional seat he'd come to Arizona to claim .
From the start , McCain toed the GOP line — even if it meant crossing his fellow vets .
In 1983 , he was the featured speaker at the state Disabled American Veterans convention .
Before he spoke , the DAV 's state commander took the stage to sharply criticize the Reagan administration 's lack of support for veterans benefits , despite campaign promises to the contrary .
Instead of standing up for veterans benefits , McCain rose to defend Reagan .
Larry Morris , a Vietnam veteran who has lived in Arizona off and on since the early 1980s , remembers attending another meeting , this time at the Phoenix Vet Center in 1984 .
McCain was there , too .
The topic : suing the government and chemical companies over the use of Agent Orange .
Morris recalls that McCain was not in favor of the national class - action suit that , ultimately , was filed and settled many years later for more than $ 100 million .
" He stood up and voiced his opinion , " Morris says .
" His opinion was that it was unpatriotic to sue the government . "
Morris continues , " There was a lot of booing and hissing , and I think it was at that point that the suggestion was made that Congressman McCain leave . "
Like John McCain , Larry Morris comes from a military family .
His father was an Army sergeant , his mother an Army nurse .
Morris remembers living in Germany just after World War II , seeing what remained of the concentration camps .
He joined the Navy on his 17th birthday to help support his seven younger siblings .
Morris landed in San Diego with shrapnel in his arm after two tours in Vietnam .
( He says the wound was never officially treated , that a medic dumped some iodine on it and dressed it . )
Parasites from his Navy days irritate his digestive system to this day , and he has a constant ringing in his ears that doctors speculate was caused by a 40 - pound brick falling on his neck and shoulder , knocking him to a lower deck on the ship on which he was stationed .
Morris was released from the Navy 45 days early after complaining of nightmares .
There was no treatment offered at the time for post - traumatic stress disorder ; the doctor just gave him some tranquilizers .
He still has nightmares , more than 40 years later .
After some false starts over the years , Morris in 2004 tried in earnest to get better healthcare from the VA .
He visited McCain 's Tempe office but was told that without a Purple Heart , nothing could be done .
Like many Vietnam vets , Morris does n't have his medical records from Vietnam .
He has other medals but no Purple Heart .
McCain 's office could have written a letter or made a phone call , but all Morris got was a list of addresses .
Ultimately , he says , " I did better on my own , just writing letters to the secretary of the Navy . "
It 's taken years , but where Morris ' low - priority status once forced him to wait up to six months for a doctor 's appointment at the VA , he 's now at the top of the list .
The tiny apartment he shares with his wife , Deirdre , in Surprise is stacked with boxes of letters and other records from his VA battles .
Larry Morris was n't at the American Legion convention this summer , but he probably would have appreciated the irony of a statement McCain made there about veterans benefits .
When asked about the backlog of unresolved benefits cases at the VA ( like Morris ' ) , McCain called it a " national disgrace " and replied that maybe it 's unfair that the burden of proof to receive government benefits is on the vet .
Instead of vets having to prove they 're disabled , McCain said , " maybe sometimes we oughta have a more balanced situation where the government has to prove that they 're not . "
Andrew Vera is n't surprised that it 's hard for a vet like Morris to get by .
He says it can be even harder for soldiers who served more recently .
Vera , 29 , grew up in south Phoenix .
He enlisted in the Navy shortly after 9/11 , knowing the country was going to war .
He was in Iraq for the invasion in 2003 , assigned to the highest - level triage unit in the Middle East .
There was no burn unit anywhere in the region , he says , so his unit created a makeshift one .
It was Vera 's job to track patients .
" I saw most of the initial injuries , " he says , including those of Lori Piestewa , an Army soldier from Tuba City , the first Native American woman to die in combat while serving in the U.S. military .
He wrote down information about each casualty by hand , because there was no other method ; eventually , he built a database .
Vera slept in his gas mask and boots for weeks .
He completed two tours in Iraq , leaving the Navy in 2005 and returning home to Phoenix .
It 's not a good place to be a veteran , he says .
" Phoenix is a scary place .
It 's not a military town .
And a lot of guys come out here ; there are n't a lot of jobs out here .
It 's warm , but Phoenix and Arizona , there is n't a structure for these guys , for young veterans to be caught and effectively spoken to and get help .
And I guess for a lot of young guys , they 're not going to get help . "
Vera did — eventually .
At first , he did n't know he needed it .
Family and friends pointed out his behavior : Vera was drinking heavily .
He switched jobs often , and found himself in confrontations with co-workers .
He could n't communicate ; he was n't socializing .
He approached Senator John McCain 's local office for help , with no luck .
Vera is careful not to bash his fellow vet — at least , not too much .
" John McCain , his staff has really tried to be a source of information and a source of assistance , but I think that , over the past five or six years , his office has become overwhelmed , " he says .
" There 's a case overload .
Clearly running for president is what his priority is now . "
So Vera went to Congressman Ed Pastor 's office .
( He 'd worked for Pastor , a Democrat , previously , doing constituent services . )
And although Vera 's a smart , well - connected guy , it still took him 10 months to qualify for benefits from the VA , which diagnosed him with a full - blown case of post - traumatic stress disorder .
" In the military they tell you what to do and they give you the services because they want a fit force , " Vera says .
Once he got home , he adds , things changed .
He 's now a member of Vote Vets .
Things changed drastically for Brian Callan when he came home , too .
Callan , a veteran of the first Gulf War , was shot by police in the parking lot of a Toyota dealership in Phoenix in 2001 .
It was obviously a suicide ; Callan egged on the cops .
He had been diagnosed with a severe case of post - traumatic stress disorder and depression , and his family felt strongly that he did n't get adequate services from the VA ; New Times ' examination of medical records and a comparison to recommended treatment protocol confirmed that ( " Welcome Back Warrior , " Paul Rubin , November 21 , 2002 ) .
Callan 's mother , Jerri Glover , who now lives in New Mexico , recalls that Brian was a big fan of John McCain .
He wrote the senator letters on random topics such as the collapse of the Enron Corporation .
Two months after his death , Glover approached the senator 's local veterans affairs staffer , Tom McCanna , and asked him to help her get the information she needed to file a tort claim against the Veterans Administration Medical Center in Phoenix .
The family felt strongly that poor medical treatment led to Callan 's behavior and ultimate death .
She still has a copy of the typewritten letter she sent to McCanna , dated November 14 , 2002 .
After she did n't hear from McCain 's office , she put a sticky note on the letter : " McCanna never followed thru — did not receive forms . "
Callan 's mother tried the local Veterans Administration office , with no luck .
Finally , a friend of Brian 's spent hours on the Internet and found the forms .
The claim was denied .
Glover was disappointed , and not , she says , because she wanted the money for herself .
" I really wanted to sue the shit out of the government and then start up a clinic to help the PTSD vets , " Glover says .
" That was my whole idea .
I did not want other guys to suffer like Brian did , in not getting any help . "
She 's quick to add that later , when she could n't get the Navy to release Callan 's medical records , McCain 's office finally expedited the request .
But what the Navy finally sent was a mess , with pages missing and out of order , barely usable .
" When I received them , it was a farce , " Glover says .
" They can spend a billion a week on a war , but they can't spend whatever it takes to heal the [ people ] they 've ruined ? " she says .
" It just makes you lose faith , " she adds .
" I just thought that his office would help represent his constituent who was so loyal to McCain .
And to his country . "
John McCain 's treatment of his constituents is best described as benign neglect .
For years , many Arizonans have referred to their senior senator as " the senator from Washington , D.C. "
He 's more interested in the national platform than the home trenches .
But it's on the national stage where McCain 's performance has been the most disappointing to his fellow veterans .
Since 1987 , McCain has voted against dozens of measures designed to assist veterans .
Most recently , he skipped the vote on the Webb - Hagel 21st Century GI Bill , which funds higher education for post - 9/11 veterans with a sliding payment scale depending on length of duty and disabilities sustained .
Alfredo Gutierrez was a longtime McCain fan ; the two met when McCain first arrived in Arizona , and although they 're in different political parties , the Democratic former majority leader of the Arizona State Senate always spoke highly of McCain — mainly because both men served in Vietnam .
But Gutierrez is furious with McCain over his voting record , particularly on the GI Bill .
" I came back from the Army , and if it was n't for the GI Bill , I surely would n't have made it through college .
The only way I got started and I ran for office was because I could afford a house was because of the GI Bill , " Gutierrez says .
" So this guy who has built a whole political career on his status as a veteran and a POW , " he continues , " he 'll vote to send the guys to war . . . but he wo n't vote for the GI Bill .
That 's pretty amazing .
It 's stunning stuff to me .
It 's the height of hypocrisy . "
And , Gutierrez adds , it goes beyond the GI Bill .
" His voting record is abysmal . "
Here are a few examples of pro-veteran legislation that did n't get McCain 's support :
• January 2008 : McCain did n't vote on the National Defense Authorization Act , which included an increase in basic monthly pay for active military by 3.5 percent and permitted vets who are 100 percent disabled to receive both retirement and disability pay .
• October 2007 : He did n't vote on another version of the Defense Authorization Act , which included billions of dollars in funding for veterans healthcare services .
• February 2006 : He voted against the amendment proposed by Christopher Dodd , a Democrat from Connecticut , which would have appropriated the aforementioned $ 1 billion for hospital improvements at places like Walter Reed and also included : $ 14 billion for the Veterans Benefits Administration for Compensation and Pensions for 2006 - 2010 ; and $ 6.9 billion for the VA for medical care for 2006 - 2010 .
• November 2005 : He voted against an amendment that would 've provided $ 500 million each year from 2006 to 2010 for " readjustment counseling , related mental health services , and treatment and rehabilitative services for veterans with mental illness , post - traumatic stress disorder , or substance use disorder . "
• October 2005 : McCain voted against an amendment that would 've required that funding for the VA health administration be increased each year to adjust for inflation and the number of veterans served .
• March 2004 : He voted against closing tax loopholes to create a reserve fund to allow for an increase in medical care for veterans by $ 1.8 billion .
Perhaps McCain simply considers his votes against veterans another sign of his maverick status — a classic case of his personal brand of political chutzpah , because every politician knows sucking up to the vets is a foolproof way to curry favor .
During the Keating Five hearings , McCain 's then - Arizona Senate colleague and fellow Keating Fiver , Democrat Dennis De­Concini , actually called an Arizona veteran to testify on his behalf , describing all the help DeConcini 's office had given him over the years , as an example of positive work on behalf of a constituent .
That 's not McCain 's style , particularly post - Keating Five .
He has abandoned constituent services for the national stage , and it could be called principled if not for his back - pedaling .
This is n't a guy who 's shown veterans a lot of love , despite what he says .
The whole scenario has given McCain an Achilles ' heel .
Far be it from anyone who has n't been through what he 's been through to question the senator 's patriotism .
But in this case , he 's running up against people with similar biographies who are questioning him , particularly his loyalty to them .
Like Constantine O'Neill .
He spent 22 months in a German prison camp during World War II .
At 88 , O'Neill is admittedly very emotional about veterans issues , and a lifelong Democrat .
He made headlines recently in Arizona for lambasting Republican Congressman John Shadegg after Shadegg used O'Neill 's image in a campaign ad .
" McCain is , as far as I 'm concerned , a jackass .
He 's not for the veterans .
He never has been for the veterans [ in ] legislation that he 's gone for . . .
I would not recommend him for anything to anybody . "
When O'Neill is questioned , though , it 's not so much that McCain has voted against veterans , or even that the senator 's a Republican .
It 's that McCain has n't come calling .
For years , O'Neill says , the national POW group he belongs to has invited McCain to speak at its annual convention .
" He never does , " the other former POW says .
" He 's too busy . "
On a recent Friday afternoon at the Justa Center , almost every seat in the house is taken .
One woman sleeps sitting up , a half - full plastic cup of water in her hand .
Ralph Holland , 61 , is there .
He 's waiting to hear about his VA benefits .
Gray - haired , in a baseball cap , with tattoos for his Navy service and his daughter 's duty in the Marine Corps , Holland served two tours of duty in Vietnam but waited until he broke his hand many years later to go to the VA .
For a long time , he did n't want to admit that he'd been to Vietnam — he figured everyone would think him a baby - killer or a drug addict .
But now Holland 's down on his luck , so he 's put in for some help .
The only program the VA has available , he says , is for vets with substance - abuse issues , one of the few problems that Holland does n't have .
He figures it will be a while — if ever — before he gets help from the VA .
" Their way is to put you off until you either die or go away , " he says .
" That 's the consensus of just about every vet I 've talked to . "
Read decades of coverage in Vintage McCain .
I ’m seeking a talented student for summer of 2009 , to work with me in developing and experimenting with a new open - source web application .
I ’m open to students from anywhere , though MIT students will receive special consideration for funding reasons .
The web app — tentatively called “ Worldview Manager ” — is intended to help people ferret out hidden contradictions in their worldviews .
Think of a kindly , patient teacher in a philosophy seminar who never directly accuses students of irrationality , but instead uses Socratic questioning to help them clarify their own beliefs .
The idea is extremely simple ( as of course it has to be , if this app is to attract any significant number of users ) .
The user selects a topic from a list , which might include the following at the beginning :
Climate Change
The Singularity
Libertarianism
Computational Complexity
Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics
Quantum Computing
Gay Rights
Israel
Gifted Education
Foundations of Mathematics
Strong AI and Philosophy of Mind
Utilitarian Ethics
Animal Rights
Art and Aesthetics
Users will also be able to contribute their own topic files .
( The above list is biased toward those topics about which I feel like I could write a topic file myself . )
After choosing a topic , the user will be presented with a sequence of statements , one at a time and in a random order .
For example , if the topic is Foundations of Mathematics , the statements might include the following :
Math is a cultural construct .
Math privileges male , linear thinking over female , intuitive thinking .
The Continuum Hypothesis is either true or false , even if humans will never know which .
There ’s a sense in which integers , real numbers , and other mathematical objects “ existed ” before humans were around to name them , and will continue to exist after humans are gone .
The user can indicate her level of agreement with each statement by dragging the cursor .
Now the topic file , in addition to the statements themselves , will also contain lists of pairs or sometimes triples of statements that appear ( at least to the writer of the topic file ) to be in “ tension ” with one another .
From time to time , the program will search the user ’s previous responses for beliefs that appear to be in tension , point out the tension , and give the user the opportunity to adjust one or more beliefs accordingly .
For example , the user might get a message like the following :
You indicated substantial agreement with the statement
If a scientific consensus on climate change existed , then society would have to act accordingly .
and also substantial agreement with the statement
The so - called “ consensus ” on climate change simply reflects scientists ’ liberal beliefs , and therefore does not necessitate action .
These views would seem to be in tension with each other .
Would you like to adjust your belief in one or both statements accordingly ?
That ’s about all there is to it .
No Bayesianism , no advanced math of any kind ( or at least none that the user sees ) .
As you may have gathered , the writing of topic files is not a “ value - neutral ” activity : the choice of statements , and of which statements are in tension with which other ones , will necessarily reflect the writer ’s interests and biases .
This seems completely unavoidable to me .
The goal , however , will be to adhere as closely as is practical to Wikipedia ’s NPOV standard .
And thus , for example , any well - written topic file ought to admit “ multiple equilibria ” ; that is , multiple points of view that are genuinely different from one another but all more - or - less internally consistent .
The student ’s responsibilities for this project will be as follows :
Write , debug , and document the web app .
This sounds straightforward , but it ’ll be important to get the details right .
I ’m not even sure which development tools would be best — e.g. , whether we should use Java or JavaScript , do all computation on the server side , etc. — and will rely on you to make implementation decisions .
Write topic files .
I can create many of the files myself , but it would be great if you could pitch in with your own ideas .
Help run experiments with real users .
Help write up a paper about the project .
If there ’s time , we could also add more advanced functionality to Worldview Manager .
Your own ideas are more than welcome , but here are a few possibilities :
Present statements to the user in a non-random order that more rapidly uncovers tensions .
Allow users to register for accounts , and save their “ worldviews ” to work on later .
Give users the ability to compare worldviews against their friends ’ , with large disagreements flagged for special consideration .
Give users the ability to use a local search or backtrack algorithm to decrease the total “ tension ” in their worldviews , while changing their stated beliefs by the minimum possible amount .
Enable adaptive follow - up questions .
That is , once two beliefs in tension have been uncovered , the user can be queried more specifically on how she wants to resolve the apparent contradiction .
I ’m looking for someone smart , curious , enthusiastic , and hard - working , who has experience with the development of web applications ( a work sample is requested ) .
Grad students , undergrads , high school students , nursery school students … it ’s what you can do that interests me .
I expect the internship to last about three months , but am flexible with dates .
Note that in the year or so since I started at MIT , I ’ve already worked with six undergraduate students , and three of these interactions have led or will lead to published papers .
If you ’re interested , send a cover letter , cv , and link to a work sample to aaronson at csail mit edu .
If you want to tell me why the Worldview Manager idea is idiotic and misguided , use the comments section as usual .
Update ( 10/15 ) :
In a somewhat related spirit , Eric Schwitzgebel at UC Riverside points me to a study that he and a colleague are conducting , on whether professional philosophers respond differently than laypeople to ethical dilemmas .
Shtetl - Optimized readers are encouraged to participate .
An Arizona couple accused of bombarding a small internet service provider with millions of spam messages has been ordered to pay more than $ 236 m in a federal case that documents the heroic measures one man took against the torrent of unsolicited junk mail .
Henry Perez and Suzanne Bartok were ordered to pay the sum late last month by US District Judge John A. Jarvey of Iowa .
The couple , who ran a business called AMP Dollar Savings , were sued by Robert Kramer , owner of CIS Internet Services .
He sued after his small Iowa - based ISP was forced to dedicate three servers exclusively to processing spam .
According to the an order dated September 30 , AMP used a spam program called " Bulk Mailing 4 Dummies " to send junk mail advertising to refinance home mortgages .
The software included 2.8 million email addresses containing CIS 's cis.net domain name even though the ISP had only about 5,000 subscribers .
By 2003 , CIS was receiving 500 million spams every day , forcing Kramer to spend 60 hours per week tending to the spam problem .
Rather than take it on the chin , Kramer decided to strike back .
He hired an Atlanta - based lawyer from Wellborn and Wallace , who monitored several dozen CIS email addresses .
When he received a message that instructed him to " click here for our special low rates , " the lawyer took the bait .
The lawyer received a mortgage solicitation from a broker in California .
After the lawyer subpoenaed the broker , he learned the broker had been commissioned by AMP .
The couple denied sending any of the spam , but during discovery was able to produce few of the requested documents and other items that might have proved their claims .
" The court simply does not believe Mr. Perez or Ms. Bartok , " Jarvey wrote .
" They claim that they conveniently but inadvertently destroyed all the records of their company , just prior to be served with a civil action , rings hollow . "
Perez and Bartok declined to comment through their lawyer , Davis Foster of Iowa .
Foster declined to comment because he said he anticipated filing " post - trial motions to see if we can change the result . "
Kramer did n't return phone calls by time of publication .
The monster judgment - among the biggest ever in a spam case - is a significant victory in the ongoing battle against spam .
For one thing , it represents a little more than $ 13 for each of the 18 million spams the couple were found to have pumped into CIS servers during a four - month period in 2003 .
What 's more , the ruling holds the individuals personally responsible for paying the judgment , rather than applying only to the business they incorporated .
Of course , there 's always a good chance that spammers will refuse to pay judgments .
Indeed , Kramer told IDG
News here that he 's won 10 judgments , but so far , it has proved difficult to collect on them .
Even so , spam volumes at CIS have dropped to between 10 million and 15 million , at least in part , Kramer said , because of the legal campaign .
That , combined with the cautionary tale the case provides to other would - be spammers , makes it all worthwhile . ®
With the help of gene therapy , two people who once were blind now can see .
The individuals – their identities remain confidential – are participants in an early - stage clinical trial of gene therapy for Leber 's Congenital Amaurosis , a rare and untreatable form of congenital blindness .
Though the trial was designed to test the therapy 's safety rather than its efficacy , its benefits were so impressive that the researchers decided to publicize their results .
" One of the patients said that the dim red light from his alarm clock had gotten so bright that it bothered him , " said Artur Cideciyan , a University of Pennsylvania opthamologist and co-author of the study .
" He had to turn away from it while he was sleeping . "
Cideciyan 's study , published today in the Proceedings of the National
Academy of Sciences , is one of three simultaneous trials of gene therapy for Leber 's Congenital Amaurosis , also known as LCA .
Results from the first two were published in April in the New England Journal of Medicine :
No safety problems were observed , and the results hinted at improvements of the sort described today .
Though the teams studied only one type of LCA , and LCA is only one type of blindness , researchers say the findings are broadly encouraging .
They also say that , though the latest study involved just three people , of whom one experienced no significant improvement in vision , the results are powerful .
" The fact that you can see any kind of benefit is fabulous .
It 's a disease for which our therapeutic alternatives have been zero , " said Oregon Health and
Science University ophthalmologist**** Tim Stout , who was not involved in the study .
" Does this mean that every gene therapy for every gene in every inherited eye is going to be a slam dunk ?
No , but I 'm encouraged .
It gives us some idea that the therapeutic manipulation of gene expression may be beneficial to eye diseases in general . "
The patients possessed defective versions of the RPE65
gene , which normally produces an enzyme that maintains a protective layer of cells underlying light - and color - detecting photoreceptor cells .
Cideciyan 's team used a virus to introduce healthy versions of the gene into their patients ' eyes , stimulating enzyme production allowing the remaining photoreceptors to function normally .
Improvement began in just over a week , and remained after 90 days – the study 's endpoint .
Tests showed that two patients needed 63,000 times less light to see at a level comparable to their pre-therapeutic condition .
Their eyes did take hours to adjust to low - light conditions , but the improvement was still radical .
Because the patients ' eyes made use of just a few surviving photoreceptor cells , even greater improvements might be experienced if the therapy is applied earlier – during childhood , or even infancy .
Before that can happen , however , the technique needs to be proven both effective and safe .
The field of gene therapy has been troubled by a reputation for uncertainty and hazard – a reputation that , given the difficulties of developing any experimental therapy , is not entirely deserved , but nonetheless persists .
According to National Eye Institute geneticist Brian Brooks , the virus used to deliver the genes is well - understood , having caused minimal reactions in this and other studies , and eyes appear to undergo little of the inflammatory response that gene therapy can trigger elsewhere .
Stout added that animal tests suggest the changes induced by the virus may last for a lifetime .
Other blindness - causing diseases , such as age - related macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa , are more complicated and have different causes than the form of LCA studied by Cideciyan 's team , but may respond to other gene therapies .
The results " are encouraging for any retinal degeneration where there is some structurally intact retina where you can intervene prior to significant degeneration , " said Brooks .
" The virus was designed to bring in its package , and get the cells to produce a protein – in this case , RPE65 , " said Cideciyan .
" But in theory , it could be anything . "
Human gene therapy for RPE65 isomerase deficiency activates the retinoid cycle of vision but with slow rod kinetics [ PNAS ]
Images : Fabio ; PNAS .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
CHICAGO 
On a film soundstage here , a tense scene was unfolding , with the actor Lou Diamond Phillips , playing a rogue cop , holding a gun aimed at the head of another actor , who stood tall , unflinching , his face and frame thinner than in his glory days , but still handsome , his hair concealed under a tight - fitting black beret .
“ Go ahead , you ’ll do me a favor , ” said Patrick Swayze in the voice of Charles Barker , an undercover F.B.I. agent with dark secrets , a character the actor later described as “ someone who ’s dying inside , someone with a death wish . ”
There was no heavy - handedness in the line of dialogue , intended or accidental .
Nothing about the scene  one of the many Mr. Swayze is filming on location here in the course of making a new police drama called “ The Beast ”  suggested anything other than that professional actors were at work .
But of course something quite out of the ordinary was taking place .
A celebrity film star , who was given a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer less than a year ago , was putting in 12 - hour days as the lead in a television series .
This is our second annual study identifying the Careers with highest Total Employment and Annual Median Wage ( in $ ) s .
The table below contains data on hundreds of careers .
The 2nd column ( " Total Employment " ) represents the number of jobs for a given occupation .
You can also see the Highest Annual Median wage for any particular career in the third column ( " Annual Median Wage ( in $ ) " ) .
Note : Clicking on any of the hyperlinked Career names will bring you to a detailed profile page for the Career , including the Top Cities ( a list of salaries by metro area ) , Top Industries ( a list of industries which employ the most people in the job ) and Related Career Stories for a particular Career .
List of schools providing the programs in order to pursue a particular career is also available upon clicking the Career names .
This is the kind of thing that fossil hunters go mad for – a transitionary species .
The RC - 838 is actually a 70s machine but is one of the first devices to capture the symmetrical 80s look of giant stereo boxes .
It still has needle meters which disappeared from consumer devices as cheaper electronic indicators were sold as being more advanced .
Sept. 12 , 2008  --
The following excerpts are from the ABC News exclusive interview with Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in Wasilla , Alaska , conducted by " World News " anchor Charlie Gibson Sept. 12 , 2008 .
To view excerpts from Gibson 's first interview with Palin click here and to view excerpts from Gibson 's second Palin interview click here .
Sarah Palin on Reform :
GIBSON : Didn't George Bush come to Washington eight years ago talking about reforming Washington in the same kind of language ?
Ran as something of a maverick actually ; came to Washington .
Eight years , has n't changed the ethos in Washington particularly .
Why are you any different ?
PALIN : Well , we 're promising the reform .
And we are mavericks .
There 's no doubt in anybody 's mind now across America , who 's paying attention to the presidential race here , that I am a Washington outsider .
I mean , look at where you are .
I 'm a Washington outsider .
I do not have those allegiances to the power brokers , to the lobbyists .
We need someone like that in Washington , someone committed to the American people and implementing their will , not the power brokers ' will .
GIBSON : You mentioned in the three principles that you 'll change spending .
You also talked about taxes .
Why do you both keep saying that Obama is going to raise people 's taxes ?
It 's been pretty clear what he intends .
He 's talked about middle - class tax cuts , extending Bush tax cuts on everything but people who own or earn more than $ 250,000 a year -- cuts taxes on over 91 percent of the country .
Why do you keep saying he 's going to raise people 's taxes ?
PALIN : Well , I would argue with the whole premise of that , that his mission is to not increase taxes .
He 's had 94 opportunities to either vote for a tax cut or not support tax increases .
And 94 times , he 's been on the other side of what I believe the majority of Americans want .
Sarah Palin on Congressional Spending and the ' ' Bridge to Nowhere ' :
GIBSON : One of John McCain 's central campaign arguments , tenets of his campaign , is eliminating earmarks , getting rid of them .
Are you with John McCain on that ?
PALIN : I certainly am .
And of course the poster child for the earmarks was Alaska's , what people in the lower 48 refer to as the bridge to nowhere .
First it was a bridge to community with an airport in southeast Alaska .
But that was excessive .
And an earmark -- an earmark like that , not even supported necessarily by the majority of Alaskans .
We killed that earmark .
We killed that project ...
GIBSON : You have said continually , since he chose you as his vice presidential nominee , that I said to Congress , thanks but not thanks .
If we 're going to build that bridge , we 'll build it ourselves .
PALIN : Right .
GIBSON : But it 's now pretty clearly documented .
You supported that bridge before you opposed it .
You were wearing a T - shirt in the 2006 campaign , showed your support for the bidge to nowhere .
PALIN : I was wearing a T - shirt with the Zip code of the community that was asking for that bridge .
Not all the people in that community even were asking for a $ 400 million or $ 300 million bridge .
GIBSON : But you turned against it after Congress had basically pulled the plug on it ; after it became apparent that the state was going to have to pay for it , not the Congress ; and after it became a national embarrassment to the state of Alaska .
So do you want to revise and extend your remarks ?
PALIN : It has always been an embarrassment that abuse of the ear form -- earmark process has been accepted in Congress .
And that 's what John McCain has fought .
And that 's what I joined him in fighting .
It 's been an embarrassment , not just Alaska 's projects .
But McCain gives example after example after example .
I mean , every state has their embarrassment .
And , as I 've said over and over , if Alaska wants that bridge , $ 300 million , $ 400 million dollars , over to that island with an airport , we 'll find a way to build it ourselves .
The rest of the country does n't have to build that for us .
GIBSON : But you were for it before you were against it .
You were solidly for it for quite some period of time ...
PALIN : I was ...
GIBSON : ... until Congress pulled the plug .
PALIN : I was for infrastructure being built in the state .
And it's not inappropriate for a mayor or for a governor to request and to work with their Congress and their congressmen , their congresswomen , to plug into the federal budget along with every other state a share of the federal budget for infrastructure .
GIBSON : Right .
PALIN : What I supported was the link between a community and its airport .
And we have found that link now .
GIBSON : But you did n't say no to Congress , well build it ourselves until after they pulled the plug .
Correct ?
PALIN : No , because Congress still allowed those dollars to come into Alaska .
They did .
GIBSON : Well , but ...
PALIN : Transportation fund dollars still came into Alaska .
It was our choice , Charlie , whether we were going to spend it on a bridge or not .
And I said , thanks , but no thanks .
We 're not going to spend it on the bridge .
***
PALIN : And now obviously , Charlie , with the federal government saying , no , the rest of the nation does not want to fund that project .
You have a choice .
You either read the writing on the wall and understand okay , yes , that , that project 's going nowhere .
And the state is n't willing to fund that project .
So what good does it do to continue to support something that circumstances have so drastically changed ?
You call an audible , and you deal in reality , and you move on .
And , Charlie , we killed the bridge to nowhere and that 's the bottom line .
GIBSON : The state of Alaska , under OMB figures in 2008 , got $ 155 million in earmarks for a population of 670,000 .
That 's $ 231 per person in Alaska .
The state of Illinois , Obama 's state , got $ 22 per person .
You got 10 times per person as much .
How does that square with your reforms ?
PALIN : We have drastically , drastically reduced our earmark request since I came into office .
GIBSON : But you still have multiple of any other state .
PALIN : We sure are -- and this is what -- you go out and you ask any Alaskan this .
This is what I 've been telling Alaskans for these years that I 've been in office , is no more .
GIBSON : Governor , this year , requested $ 3.2 million for researching the genetics of harbor seals , money to study the mating habits of crabs .
Is n't that exactly the kind of thing that John McCain is objecting to ?
PALIN : Those requests , through our research divisions and fish and game and our wildlife departments and our universities , those research requests did come through that system , but wanting it to be in the light of day , not behind closed doors , with lobbyists making deals with Congress to stick things in there under the public radar .
That 's the abuse that we 're going to stop .
That 's what John McCain has promised over and over for these years and that 's what I 'm joining him , also , saying , you 're right , the abuse of earmarks , it 's un-American , it 's undemocratic , and it's not going to be accepted in a McCain - Palin administration .
Earmark abuse will stop .
Sarah Palin on Hillary Clinton :
GIBSON : I saw you quoted somewhere as speaking rather admiringly of Mrs. Clinton , Senator Clinton , during the primary campaign .
Do you think Obama should 've picked her ?
PALIN : I think he 's regretting not picking her now , I do .
What , what determination , and grit , and even grace through some tough shots that were fired her way , she handled those well .
Sarah Palin on Abortion Rights :
GIBSON : In the time I have left , I want to talk about some social issues .
PALIN : OK .
GIBSON : Roe v. Wade , do you think it should be reversed ?
PALIN : I think it should and I think that states should be able to decide that issue ...
I am pro-life .
I do respect other people 's opinion on this , also , and I think that a culture of life is best for America ...
What I want to do , when elected vice president , with John McCain , hopefully , be able to reach out and work with those who are on the other side of this issue , because I know that we can all agree on the need for and the desire for fewer abortions in America and greater support for adoption , for other alternatives that women can and should be empowered to embrace , to allow that culture of life .
That 's my personal opinion on this , Charlie .
GIBSON : John McCain would allow abortion in cases of rape and incest .
Do you believe in it only in the case where the life of the mother is in danger ?
PALIN : That is my personal opinion .
GIBSON : Would you change and accept it in rape and incest ?
PALIN : My personal opinion is that abortion allowed if the life of the mother is endangered .
Please understand me on this .
I do understand McCain 's position on this .
I do understand others who are very passionate about this issue who have a differing .
Sarah Palin on Social Issues :
GIBSON : Embryonic stem cell research , John McCain has been supportive of it .
PALIN : You know , when you 're running for office , your life is an open book and you do owe it to Americans to talk about your personal opinion , which may end up being different than what the policy in an administration would be .
My personal opinion is we should not create human life , create an embryo and then destroy it for research , if there are other options out there ...
And thankfully , again , not only are there other options , but we 're getting closer and closer to finding a tremendous amount more of options , like , as I mentioned , the adult stem cell research .
GIBSON : Homosexuality , genetic or learned ?
PALIN : Oh , I do n't -- I do n't know , but I 'm not one to judge and , you know , I 'm from a family and from a community with many , many members of many diverse backgrounds and I 'm not going to judge someone on whether they believe that homosexuality is a choice or genetic .
I 'm not going to judge them .
GIBSON : Guns , 70 percent of this country supports a ban on semiautomatic assault weapons .
Do you ?
PALIN : I do not and , you know , here again , life being an open book here , as a candidate , I 'm a lifetime member of the NRA .
I believe strongly in our Second Amendment rights .
That 's kind of inherent in the people of my state who rely on guns for not just self - protection , but also for our hunting and for sports , also .
It 's a part of a culture here in Alaska .
I 've just grown up with that .
GIBSON : Is n't gun violence in America a health issue ?
We spend billions of dollars a year every year treating people who are victims of gun violence .
Nothing we can do about that ?
PALIN : Do I think that all of that gun violence , though , is caused by people pulling a trigger who would have followed any law anyway ?
No .
You start banning guns and you start taking away guns from people who will use them responsibly and use them ethically .
You put more and more laws on guns and you start taking away a Second Amendment right , it 's going to be , Charlie , the bad guys who have the guns , not those who are law - abiding citizens .
Sarah Palin on Sexism :
GIBSON : Is it sexist for people to ask how can somebody manage a family of seven and the vice presidency ?
Is that a sexist question to ask ?
PALIN : I do n't know .
I 'm lucky to have been brought up in a family where gender has never been an issue .
I 'm a product of Title 9 , also , where we had equality in schools that was just being ushered in with sports and with equal opportunity for education , all of my life .
I 'm part of that generation , where that question is kind of irrelevant , because it 's accepted .
Of course you can be the vice president and you can raise a family .
I 'm the governor and I 'm raising a family .
I 've been a mayor and have raised a family .
I 've owned a business and we 've raised a family .
What people have asked me when I was -- when I learned I was pregnant , " Gosh , how are you going to be the governor and have a baby in office , too , " and I replied back then , as I would today , " I 'll do it the same way the other governors have done it when they 've either had baby in office or raised a family . "
Granted , they 're men , but do it the same way that they do it .
GIBSON : When we posted this question on the Internet , we had 15,000 replies within 48 hours and every woman with young children struggles with this question , should I , how can I , will I be able to .
And I 'm curious to hear you talk just about how you 've internalized that .
PALIN : Sure .
And I understand what that struggle is , what those internal questions are .
I 've gone through the same thing over these 19 years from having my first born to today having a newborn .
In these 19 years , a lot of circumstances have changed .
I stayed home with my son until he was seven years old , had just worked part - time , until I got into full - time employment again when he was seven .
I had that choice then and I 've had choices , of course , along the way .
Sarah Palin on Banning Books :
GIBSON : There 's a lot on the Internet about a conversation you did or did not have with a librarian about banning books .
Want to clear up what 's on the Internet ?
PALIN : I never banned a book , never desired to ban a book .
When I became mayor in our town , it was the issue of : what if a parent came into our local public library and asked for a book to be taken off the shelf , wha's the policy ?
... It kind of cracked me up seeing the list of books that I supposedly banned … one of them was ' Harry Potter ! '
It was n't even written or published then .
Sarah Palin on ' Troopergate ' :
GIBSON : The other issue is Troopergate , which is very much in the news today , the Associated Press is saying how there 's going to be 13 subpoenas that come out , one of them to your husband , Todd .
First of all , do you welcome the investigation …
PALIN : Absolutely , there 's nothing to hide in this .
The personnel board is the appropriate agency or overseeing board to inquire as to whether anybody did anything wrong or not , but here 's the issue with Troopergate and I 'm glad that you 're asking .
The trooper in question here did conduct dangerous and illegal activities and our personal security detail when I was first elected had asked us very appropriately , are there any threats against you and your family .
And I said , well , you know , ironically , yeah , it 's a state trooper who 's threatened to kill my dad and bring down me and once I got elected , his threats were he was going to bring down the governor and the governor 's family , so it was very appropriate that we brought the concerns to personal security detail -- they asked us to bring it to the commissioner , which I did .
GIBSON : And he was your brother - in - law at one point .
PALIN : Yeah , back in '05 -- yeah .
GIBSON : The -- you mentioned the personnel board , it 's a bipartisan legislative group , that 's working at it now , which you said was fine , until you got named as the vice presidential nominee , and then you said the personnel board ought to handle it .
PALIN : We 've said all along that … the personnel board is the appropriate agency or board to inquire -- our state statute says if there is a question about actions of the governor , lt. governor , or attorney general , you go to the personnel board .
So we 've said all along that that 's appropriate …
GIBSON : Even though they 're all appointed by you .
PALIN : No , they 're not .
In fact , they were all appointed by the prior administration , I had one reappointment on that board , they were n't all appointed by me .
But , the issue that people are asking about -- first , they got it wrong when they say did I fire a trooper , because there was an issue back in '05 about him , as he was divorcing my sister .
No , nobody fired the trooper , he 's still a trooper to this day , he 's out there .
He had tasered his stepson , he had made those death threats , you know , there were a lot of concerns from not just my family , but from the public about this trooper 's activities , and he 's apologized for those since , I saw on the air the other day .
But , the issue is the commissioner , who was his boss , was he pressured to fire that trooper , that 's the underlying issue here , right , Commissioner Monegan .
Commissioner Monegan has said the governor never asked me to fire him , the governor 's husband never asked me to fire him , and we never did .
I never pressured him to hire or fire anybody .
Why I replaced commissioner Monegan was after two years , of he working in my cabinet , as a political appointment , at will , exempt , recognizing after two years , he was n't meeting the goals I wanted met in that area of public service , there were a lot of things that we were lacking , and a lot of goals were n't being met …
I wanted to bring somebody in with more vision and more energy to beef up public safety , hire more troopers , we increased the budget , yet still we had dozens and dozens of trooper positions vacant , we were n't reaching the goals on recruitment and retention of troopers , so that was one of the issues .
I did recognize though that Commissioner Monegan could provide for the state some good public service in another area , so I did offer him another job , as the person in charge of the alcohol beverage control board , he chose not to transfer into that position , he chose then to leave state service , he did n't want that position , so the two issues have nothing to do with each other , the trooper 's still a trooper today , Commissioner Monegan was offered another job , he turned that down , and now we 're in the midst of a hiring practice for a new commissioner .
GIBSON : You think he should be a trooper ?
Given what he did ?
PALIN : It amazes me still to think we cannot have very , very high standards for our troopers , for anybody in public service , certainly though , those who have a badge and carry a gun .
But , I have always put in my commissioners hands their rights , their authority to hire , fire those that they need on their team to provide for better public service , I have n't micromanaged them .
So , I did n't tell the guy to hire or fire anybody .
GIBSON : Didn't improperly intercede , not worried about the subpoenas , even to Todd .
PALIN : No , because I know that Todd , too , never pressured Commissioner Monegan .
He did , very appropriately , though , bring up those concerns about a trooper who was making threats against the first family , and that is appropriate , in fact , you go to the department of law's web site , and it says right there in Q&A form on their Web site , it says , if you have an issue or a concern about an Alaskan state trooper , you bring that concern to the commissioner of the department of public safety .
That 's what Todd did , he appropriately did .
But another issue that I think has been lost through mainstream media reporting this , is that the trooper is still a trooper , Commissioner Monegan was replaced because he was n't reaching the goals that our cabinet members were to reach , find efficiencies , put new vision , new energy into all of our departments .
And , it 's an issue that should be investigated by the personnel board , and they do -- it 's been so politicized at this point , too , I think it 's turned into quite the political issue .
Sarah Palin on Economic Policy :
GIBSON : Governor , John McCain and you are now talking about the GOP as a party of change .
We 've got a very sick economy .
Tell me the three principal things you would do to change the Bush economic policies .
PALIN : And you 're right , our economy is weak right now and we 've got to strengthen it , and government can play an appropriate role in helping to strengthen the economy .
***
PALIN : Our 6.1 percent unemployment rate is unacceptable , also , across our nation .
We need to put government back on the side of the people and make sure that it is not government solely looked at for all the solutions , for one .
Government has got to get out of the way , in some respects , of the private sector , being able to create the jobs that we need , jobs that are going to allow for the families to be able to afford health care , to be able to afford their mortgages , to be able to afford college tuition for their kids .
That 's got to be the principal here , reform government , recognize that it 's not government to be looked at to solve all the problems .
Taxes , of course , I think is one of the most important things that government can obviously control and to help with this issue .
GIBSON : What you said to me at the beginning I do n't think anybody in the Bush administration would disagree with .
What do you change in the Bush economic plans ?
PALIN : We have got to make sure that we reform the oversight , also , of the agencies , including the quasi - government agencies , like Freddie and Fannie , those things that have created an atmosphere here in America where people are fearful of losing their homes .
People are looking at job loss .
People are looking at unaffordable health care for their families .
We have got to reform the oversight of these agencies that have such control over Americans ' pocketbooks .
GIBSON : So let me summarize the three things that you 'd change in the Bush economic plans .
One , two , three .
PALIN : Reduce taxes , control spending , reform the oversight and the overseeing agencies and committees to make sure that America 's dollars and investments are protected .
GIBSON : So let me break some of those down .
You talk about spending .
How much smaller would a McCain budget be ?
Where would you cut ?
PALIN : We 're going to find efficiencies in every department .
We have got to .
There are some things that I think should be off the table .
Veterans ' programs , off the table .
You know , we owe it to our veterans and that 's the greatest manifestation that we can show in terms of support for our military , those who are in public service fighting for America .
... It 's to make sure that our veterans are taken care of and the promises that we 've made to them are fulfilled .
GIBSON : So you 'd take military off the table , the veterans ' benefits .
That 's 20 percent of the budget . …
Do you talk about entitlement reform ?
Is there money you can save in Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid ?
PALIN : I am sure that there are efficiencies that are going to be found in all of these agencies .
I 'm confident in that .
GIBSON : The agencies are not involved in entitlements .
Basically , discretionary spending is 18 percent of the budget .
PALIN : We have certainly seen excess in agencies , though , and in -- when bureaucrats , when bureaucracy just gets kind of comfortable , going with the status - quo and not being challenged to find efficiencies and spend other people 's money wisely ... then that 's where we get into the situation that we are into today , and that is a tremendous growth of government , a huge debt , trillions of dollars of debt that we 're passing on to my kids and your kids and your grandkids ...
It 's unacceptable .
“ These accounts , coming from the front lines , point a big red arrow at the large problem of taxpayers being stiffed , ” said Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon , who has been investigating the accusations .
“ If it was one isolated instance , you could say that ’s somebody who had a bad experience and was frustrated , ” Mr. Wyden said .
“ But when you have three or four professional , nonpolitical , independent auditors all bringing the same message , that is too important to ignore . ”
By any measure , the Interior Department under President Bush has placed top priority on increasing oil and gas production in the United States .
Under its business - friendly agenda , the department has increased incentives for drilling in risky areas , has speeded approvals for drilling applications and has campaigned to open more coastal areas for oil exploration .
Lawyers who have specialized in lawsuits under the False Claims
Act said they had never seen a group of government investigators use the law against their own agency .
“ Most whistle - blowers are insiders at a company who spot something that government auditors have missed , ” said James Moorman , president of Taxpayers Against Fraud Education Fund , a nonprofit organization supported by lawyers that specializes in the False Claims Act .
“ But here you have auditors saying , ‘ We did our job , we found the problems and our superiors do n’t want to hear about it , ’ ’’ Mr. Moorman said .
“ If it were just one auditor , you could dismiss it .
But with four auditors , that ’s a pattern of practice . ”
In their suits , the auditors contend that they had no choice but to go outside the agency because their supervisors ordered them to “ cease work ” on five separate investigations and drop their claims .
