Before his show trial in Hungary in 1948 , Robert Vogeler spent three months in a cell sleeping on a board that hovered just above two inches of water .
Day and night a bright light bathed his cell , and even then someone would bang on the wall next door just to make sure he could n't get any sleep .
" It is just a question of time before you confess , " he said afterwards .
" With some it takes a little longer than others , but nobody can resist that treatment indefinitely . "
And so Vogeler , who was arrested for spying , buckled under the pressure and played his role in the gruesome farce of Stalin 's postwar purges in eastern Europe .
" To judge from the way our scripts were written , " wrote Vogeler shortly after his forced confession , " it was more important to establish our allegorical identities than to establish our ' guilt ' .
Each of us in his testimony was obliged to ' unmask ' himself for the benefit of the [ Soviet - led ] press and radio . "
A similar script , it has long been clear , has been written at Guantánamo Bay , although this time the lines were for the prosecution rather than the defence .
The point of these detentions has never been to see justice done , but rather to provide a teachable moment about the lengths and depths the American state would go to pursue its perceived interests in the war on terror .
It was to find a place in which America could operate above and beyond not only international law but its own - a display of unfettered power not merely indifferent to , but openly contemptuous of , global and local norms .
It is a brutal allegory in which Guantánamo is not the exception but the rule : a grotesque exemplar of the Bush administration 's reflexive and opportunistic response to the terrorist attacks of 9/11 , from the bombing of Iraq to the phone - tapping of its own citizens .
Like Abu Ghraib and the " black sites " of rendition , the violations that have taken place there are systemic and systematic .
Like the broader war on terror , they have been characterised by criminality and ineptitude .
The camp has not hosted a single trial , and only 19 of the remaining 270 detainees have been charged .
" To protest in the name of morality against ' excesses ' or ' abuses ' is an error that hints at active complicity , " wrote Simone de Beauvoir , referring to French atrocities in Algeria .
" There are no ' abuses ' or ' excesses ' here , simply an all - pervasive system . "
Detain , bomb , invade , torture and spy now - ask questions later .
Such have been the impulses of the Bush years .
But " now " inherits a past and bequeaths a legacy .
" Later " keeps arriving with answers for which a largely quiescent if not compliant American public appears to have little stomach .
A power grab for the state ; a black hole for legality ; a free rein for the military ; a vacuum for democracy .
Such have been the hallmarks of the Bush years .
And like so much else in these twilight months of this administration , the warped logic that underpins Guantánamo is unravelling at great pace .
The recent supreme court ruling that inmates have the same rights to habeas corpus protection as " enemy combatants " held on US soil has shed its final fig leaf .
Meanwhile , last week 's congressional testimony and the dissenting voices of some of the inmate 's military lawyers bear witness to how low the administration has stooped and how high the decision - making has gone .
" The laws and constitution are designed to survive , and remain in force , in extraordinary times , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the supreme court majority .
Maybe so .
But political cultures are not .
They are feathers for every wind that blows , vulnerable to demagogue and democrat alike .
" To hold that the political branches may switch the constitution on or off at will would lead to a regime in which they , not this court , ' say what the law is ' , " Kennedy continued .
But that is precisely what has been happening these past seven years .
Documents released by congressional investigators last week show interrogators have not so much pushed the envelope , as shredded and torched it .
Mark Fallon , the deputy commander of the defence department 's criminal investigation taskforce , warned Pentagon colleagues in an email in October 2002 that the interrogation techniques they were discussing , and later implemented , would " shock the conscience of any legal body " .
" This looks like the kind of stuff congressional hearings are made of , " he said .
" Someone needs to be considering how history will look back at this . "
In the same month Jonathan Friedman , a CIA counter - terrorism lawyer , told military and intelligence officials that " torture is basically subject to perception " .
" If the detainee dies , " continued Friedman , " you 're doing it wrong . "
Throughout , innocence , guilt , facts and evidence have been little more than technicalities .
Indeed , the enterprise has been a huge faith - based initiative - guided by the notion that if you believe you are doing the right thing , it does n't matter what you actually do .
Colonel Morris Davis , the former chief prosecutor for Guantánamo 's military commissions , recalled a meeting he had with Pentagon general counsel William Haynes , who oversees Guantánamo 's tribunal process , about the forthcoming trials of the detainees .
" [ Haynes ] said these trials will be the Nuremberg of our time , " said Davis .
Davis then pointed out that the handful of acquittals at Nuremberg had given the proceedings a sense of legitimacy and credibility that across - the - board convictions never would have .
' I said to him that if we come up short and there are some acquittals in our cases , it will at least validate the process , " Davis told the Nation .
" At which point , [ Haynes 's ] eyes got wide and he said , ' Wait a minute , we can't have acquittals .
If we 've been holding these guys for so long , how can we explain letting them get off ?
We can't have acquittals .
We 've got to have convictions . ' "
Over the past four years at least five military prosecutors have resigned from their jobs or from their cases at Guantánamo because they felt their integrity would otherwise be compromised , citing tainted evidence obtained under torture and political interference .
As De Beauvoir 's quote indicates , there is nothing uniquely American about any of this .
The US programme was modelled on Soviet techniques and has been made possible by the cooperation of other nations , including Britain , that have colluded with rendition .
According to the New York Times , the former director of the CIA 's clandestine service described Poland , where a large amount of the torturing took place , as " the 51st state " .
Put the British in Ireland or the Belgians in the Congo and you get the same result .
Gordon Brown 's bid for 42 - day detention without charge fits the mould perfectly .
Occupations abroad ineluctably dovetail with the erosion of liberties at home .
The only difference seems to be that , on paper at least , the US has set itself higher standards - a fact that exhausts its one truly renewable resource : innocence .
" How on earth did we get to the point where a US government lawyer would say that ... torture is subject to perception ? " asked Carl Levin , the chairman of the Senate armed services committee , last week .
How indeed ?
As one inmate warned a US diplomat after he was finally released from prison following torture and a show trial .
" Every individual American should realise that what happened to me could happen to anybody . "
His name ?
Robert Vogeler .
g.younge@theguardian.com
Anika Kehrer
The alpha version of the Qt IDE should appear in a few weeks , having ripened over the last three or so years in the Trolltech labs in Oslo and Berlin .
In his keynote at the conference , Matthias Ettrich , R&D head at QT Software in Germany , explains , " We might see a chance for emacs and vi users to see beyond the edges of their noses , " meaning that the development environment is more like an editor to make purists feel more at home .
The Qt idea wizards enhanced the editor interface with selected features and the entire package with debugger , compiler and , naturally , Qt .
The IDE is based on a window concept whereby the developer can mask out any undesirable view .
He can also set the editor window as full screen .
The purist design criteria was clearly a factor in the visual effects and functions .
The editing window easily opens up the help documentation in a separate , neighboring frame marked with the class name .
Text just edited is marked with red change bars that change to green when the changes are saved .
Syntax errors are underlined in red and a mouseover shows the possible error sources .
In an interview with Linux Magazine Online , Greenhouse developers Thomas Strehl and Eike Ziller especially lauded the application 's search function .
Strehl is one of the two idea generators for the development environment .
A search field that would , for example , be in the upper right corner of the Thunderbird mail client application , serves as a " quickopener " to bring code building blocks into the current project or offers access to concurrently opened data .
Even in the code text itself , the Quickfinder can jump to specific text strings and show the line numbers as in vi .
The IDE can be keyboard driven so that you define your own shortcuts : a tribute to keyboard control fans .
" We want to make the development environment as clear and simple as possible , " says Thomas Strehl in the interview .
The IDE should not in any way compete with environments such as Eclipse , and Greenhouse addresses certain Eclipse liabilities such as a five - minute load time or the complicated and unintuitive framework that often scares away users .
Greenhouse rather is not as overladen and should simply be an editor " whose feature is that it has no features , " as Eike Ziller points out .
The Qt IDE should also not try to hide anything from developers , such as executing buildsteps without clarifying how to change them .
The business model behind QT Greenhouse is the idea of a small , slim text editor under the developer 's complete control .
The Greenhouse concept was born three years ago on a " creative Friday , " as Thomas Strehl says , explaining that at Qt Software ( at that time Trolltech ) workers had a four - day work week , with Fridays reserved for new ideas and projects .
It took three years of these creative Fridays to make the project a reality .
In a few weeks the alpha version should be ready for downloading .
The Qt Greenhouse IDE runs on Linux , Mac OS X and Windows .
If it is to become open source is yet to be determined , but developers indicate that it will likely come under GPL licensing .
The Greenhouse webpage will have the latest news along with questions and discussions .
Reader Lune , who has been a guest contributor on this blog and was once a Congressional aide ( health care was his beat ) took a gander through his HIll newspapers and was so kind as to write up what they were saying about the Paulson plan .
Bottom line : whatever enthusiasm there was for it appears to be waning .
From Lune :
A previous post had a quote from an anonymous congressional staffer about the effect of all of our e-mails , phone calls , faxes , etc. on our representatives .
It appears that support for the bailout plan in its present form is rapidly declining .
From Roll Call :
The Bush administration ’s forceful lobbying effort failed Tuesday to win support from rank - and - file Republicans or Democrats for a $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout package , though GOP and Democratic leaders still planned to move a bipartisan bill by the end of the week .
. . .
The rank and file in both parties expressed deep concerns about anything resembling the $ 700 billion that the White House wants , and leaders struggled to keep their Members open - minded in the face of surging outside opposition from a diverse range of voices from former Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R - Ga . ) and the Club for Growth on the right to liberal bloggers on the left .
. . .
But both sides face heat internally , with liberals upset with what some see as a handout to Wall Street cronies and with conservatives who are appalled at the unprecedented intervention in the free market .
. . .
The political backlash is hitting lawmakers in their offices and mail , with voters wondering why a bailout is necessary and how it got to this point .
“ We are a reflection of America , ” Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - Ga . ) said .
“ The public does n’t support this thing because they see it as a bailout for Wall Street and they do n’t understand the consequences for not doing it . ”
Members of the conservative Republican Study Committee ridiculed the bailout and argued instead for a cut in corporate tax rates and the suspension of the capital gains tax .
And they also objected to being told that they have to act immediately .
“ The last time I heard that I was on a used car lot , ” said Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind. ) , who is opposing the bailout .
“ Initially I think the whole thing stinks , ” Rep. Zach Wamp ( R - Tenn . ) said after the GOP meeting with Cheney .
“ Everyone in the room thinks that this really stinks . ”
Wamp said lawmakers want some assurance that taxpayers wo n’t lose out on the deal and CEOs wo n’t benefit .
But Wamp said Members also see the risk that inaction could prompt a fiscal crisis .
“ It ’s a heavy task to try and convince the Congress six weeks before an election that this kind of rescue plan is necessary , ” he said .
“ It ’s going to be a close call at this point . ”
Of course , what would Congress be like without the inevitable spin job ?
Senate Republicans sought to turn the debate around from one about a taxpayer - financed bailout for Wall Street to one of “ market stabilization ” that would benefit average Americans seeking small business or car loans .
“ What ’s important to remember here is that if we do n’t take this type of stabilizing action , the cost to the taxpayer in lost jobs , lost savings , lost opportunity , is huge , ” Budget ranking member Judd Gregg ( R - N.H. ) said .
Ironically , it may be the Republicans that prove to be the most stubborn opponents to the Administration .
From The Hill :
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is telling Democrats that she will not support President Bush ’s $ 700 billion bailout of the financial sector unless there is significant Republican support for the controversial plan .
. . . Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) has effectively sent the message that if she is going to jump off a cliff to rescue Wall Street , she wants House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) and George W. Bush holding her hands when she leaps .
. . .
To get that kind of support , President Bush needs to go on television to speak directly to the public , and get on the phone to rally his fellow Republicans , said House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) .
. . .
In the Senate , Republicans have also lined up to oppose their president ’s bill , which led Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) to worry that he may not have enough Republican votes to pass the package .
“ We need Republican votes to help us , ” he said .
“ This is a Republican package and we need Republican votes . ”
Several GOP senators voiced frustration over the plan during a Banking panel hearing at which Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson urged members of both parties to approve the package quickly .
. . .
Reid said that his Democratic colleagues told him that as of Tuesday only one Republican on the Banking Committee could be counted on to vote for the bailout .
. . .
“ Ownership ” was the word of the day Tuesday , as in , “ Who ’s going to own this bailout package if it fails ? ” or if it works and voters remain furious at seeing investment bankers on the public dole .
There ’s also the question of who has “ ownership ” of the faltering economy .
And so far , nobody seems to want to own either one .
. . .
It ’s hard to find even one Republican ready to publicly pledge his or her vote .
Democratic leaders are speculating that GOP leaders can count on no more than 40 votes .
A Republican aide said if Pelosi needs a Republican majority to bring it to the floor , she wo n’t be bringing it to the floor .
Perhaps sensing the trouble , Vice President Dick Cheney trekked to Capitol Hill to lobby his fellow Republicans for the plan .
But the meeting brought no public converts .
Republicans leaving the hour - and - a - half - long meeting said Cheney was told that the plan lacked the details they needed .
Things do n’t look much better on the Democratic side , though some members are starting to think about what they might ask for in exchange for the vote .
Reid predicted that Democrats will be ready to approve it as long as there is adequate oversight , executive pay limits and accountability .
This raises the question : if the Republicans are indeed that reluctant to support their own President ’s proposals , why are the Democrats so keen to get something passed ?
Are they more worried than the Republicans that the public will blame them for the unfolding disaster ?
At any rate , while chances are still pretty good that something will pass within the next week or so , it will most likely be significantly different than the current plan .
On the other hand , since Paulson and Bernanke have essentially promised that Armageddon will come next week unless something is done , if the Sun actually rises on Monday and the sky does n’t fall , perhaps the entire justification for any bailout plan will collapse and we wo n’t be saddled with this $ 700 bil ( and counting ) boondoggle …
Time to start calling your Senator / Congressperson !
Ignited by adversity , John McCain reached into his gut at a roof - raising rally in Pennsylvania yesterday to reveal a campaigner unwilling to be bowed by the headwinds of bad poll numbers and whispers of disunity in his camp , appealing to his supporters instead to " stand up , stand up , stand up and fight " .
One week before the election , Mr McCain hit new levels of oratory as he and his running mate , Sarah Palin , rolled into Hershey , the chocolate capital of America , to tell his backers that the race for the White House was not over yet .
It was a rally that began with them entering an ice hockey arena here on their bus , the Straight Talk Express , and ending with a McCain peroration as urgent as lightning .
It was an appeal to Republicans not to lose heart .
Even after he acknowledged that pundits had " written off " his chances , Mr McCain , winding up the house almost without taking a breath , concluded : " Nothing is inevitable here .
We never give up .
We never quit .
We never hide from history .
We make history .
Now , let 's go win this election and get this country moving again . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was the speech of a warrior - politician sensing he was perhaps making his last stand .
The courage of his candidacy and of his campaign , that by any measure remains in dire straits , was reflected even by the map .
That the McCain - Palin ticket is even competing in Pennsylvania , a state that has not voted Republican in a presidential race since 1988 , was possibly plucky , possibly just reckless .
Or the campaign is facing up to difficult reality .
Most polls still put Barack Obama ahead of Mr McCain by 10 or 11 points in the Keystone State .
But if there is even the slightest chance Mr McCain can erase that lead , it is worth taking , not least because winning Pennsylvania means taking 21 electoral college votes on election night .
That would offset losing some normally Republican western states to Mr Obama .
Mr Obama , moreover , is not so confident of holding Pennsylvania that he is ignoring the McCain - Palin onslaught .
Just as the Hershey rally was starting , before a crowd of about 5,000 , Mr Obama was in Chester , just outside Philadelphia , warning supporters in the pouring rain to guard against complacency .
" We can't afford to slow down , sit back , or let up for one day , one minute , or one second in this last week , " he said .
" Not now .
Not when so much is at sake . "
From Pennsylvania , he headed to Virginia , North Carolina and Florida , all toss - up states where he holds slight leads .
There was a brief kerfuffle in Hershey when a group of about six Obama supporters repeatedly tried to interrupt Mrs Palin as she made her opening remarks .
After they were escorted out by security to raucous boos from the rest of the crowd , the Governor of Alaska suggested they should have been allowed to stay to " learn a thing or two from all of you " .
Mr McCain is also battling to quash the Chinese whispers about schisms in his team , particularly growing divisions between his people and Mrs Palin 's people .
A writer with the website politico.com yesterday quoted a " senior " McCain adviser calling Mrs Palin a " whack job " , which roughly translates as worryingly off her trolley .
Two days ago she was described by another McCain loyalist as a " diva " .
On the stage , Mrs Palin did nothing but play her part as the energising number two to her boss with all the gusto that has made millions of Americans either fall in love with her or run screaming .
( Four young men on the terraces here filed out early from the rally after being heard to complain loudly that Ms Palin was not wearing a skirt as they had been hoping . )
As at every rally , the governor held up Joe the Plumber , first discovered by Mr Obama in Ohio two weeks ago , as the living symbol of all that is wrong with their opponent 's tax plans .
And she also had time to give a nod to the woman holding the sign , " Joe the Chocolate Maker " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The Republicans have not been diverted by details of Joe the Plumber 's resumé that suggest he would benefit more from the Obama tax platform than theirs .
They instead see an opening to highlight adjustments the Democrats have made to their tax blueprint , particularly as to who would be hit by higher rates .
" It 's interesting how their definition of rich has a way of creeping down , " said Mr McCain .
There may not be enough time for it to make any difference , but Mr McCain is determined , above all , to exploit Mr Obama 's promise , made first to Ohio Joe , to " redistribute wealth " .
" Senator Obama is running to be Redistributionist in Chief , " he said to applause .
" I 'm running to be Commander in Chief .
Senator Obama is running to spread the wealth .
I 'm running to create more wealth .
Senator Obama is running to punish the successful .
I 'm running to make everyone successful . "
But the presence of both Republicans here was a reminder of the awful maths confronting them .
Pennsylvania is now the only normally blue state still being contested .
To have any realistic chance of winning next Tuesday night , Mr McCain has to capture three out of four eastern states – Pennsylvania , Ohio , Florida and Virginia .
For now , Mr Obama leads in all them .
On the other hand , most pundits calculate that if Mr McCain does not pull off a win in Pennsylvania , he will have to win all eight of the other states that voted for George Bush in 2004 that Mr Obama is mostly winning in for now .
In Hershey , Mr McCain may have found his sweet spot in Pennsylvania .
Its chocolate factories aside , the biggest employer is the Hershey amusement park , about as conservative a place as you will find anywhere in America .
Interviews with all the staff working in the Hershey Pantry on Chocolate Avenue hinted at some possibly encouraging news for the McCain team .
At least two of the waiting staff , Brooke Shaffer and Summer Hawthorne , were categorically in favour of him over Mr Obama .
The Democrat , Ms Shaffer , " is a bit cocky and that is definitely a turn - off for me " .
And in the pantry there was at least anecdotal evidence , provided by 59 - year - old Loretta Arndt , a secretary at a nearby military base , that fears raised about racism in Pennsylvania depressing the vote for Mr Obama may not be misplaced .
" In the military you can't have anything against the blacks , you know , but I just do n't think people are ready for that , " she offers .
" And this is Pennsylvania .
People say they are going to vote for him , but when they get in the polling booth they are going to change their minds . "
Pennsylvania : The Keystone State
* Pennsylvania in north - eastern America , with a population of about 12.4 million , has 21 electoral college votes .
* The last Republican president to be chosen by voters in the state was George Bush Snr in 1988 .
* Won narrowly by John Kerry in 2004 , it is the only Democratic - leaning state in which both Barack Obama and John McCain have campaigned before election day .
* With roughly the same political , ethnic and religious mixes as the rest of America , it is often seen as a microcosm of the country as a whole .
* Known as the Keystone State , it is one of the original 13 states that made up the United States .
It was originally granted to William Penn by Charles II as payment for a debt owed to his family .
The primary objective of this book is to promote what Flanagan calls eudaimonistic scientia , or eudaimonics for short , namely the " empirical - normative inquiry into the nature , causes , and conditions of human flourishing " ( p. 1 ) .
A secondary objective of the book is to show that eudaimonics can be pursued while adhering to naturalism , which Flanagan understands as reining in " temptations to revert to dualistic and / or supernaturalistic ways of speaking and thinking about human nature " ( p. 3 ) .
Another secondary objective is to reconcile spirituality , which according to Flanagan contributes to human flourishing , with science , which according to Flanagan motivates naturalism .
A third secondary objective is to show that one norm " that eudaimonics favors is that we ought to seek to flourish with the truth by our side " ( p. 108 ) , avoiding superstition and wishful thinking .
And a fourth secondary objective is to defend eudaimonics against objections , including ( 1 ) the objection that eudaimonics tries to derive norms from facts and thus founders on the is / ought thesis , and ( 2 ) the " internalist objection " that eudaimonics cannot adjudicate between competing conceptions of human flourishing corresponding to different cultures .
In what follows I examine some of the above objectives in more detail .
What are , according to Flanagan , the " nature , causes , and conditions of human flourishing " ?
I find it hard to answer this question , for two reasons .
The first reason is that Flanagan uses a variety of terms apparently related to " human flourishing " : he talks about " happiness " ( p. 1 ) , " well - being " ( p. 50 ) , " a good human life " ( p. 38 ) , " excellent human lives " ( p. 167 ) , " truly rich and meaningful lives " ( p. 167 ) , and " a life that really matters , that makes a positive and lasting contribution " ( p. 1 ) .
With the exception of " happiness " , which Flanagan tentatively sets apart ( p. 245 , n. 13 ) , it is not clear whether Flanagan takes the above terms to be roughly synonymous ; to make headway , I will assume that he does .
The second reason is that what seem to be parts of the answer to the above question are scattered over the book ; nowhere did I find a comprehensive summary .
For example , concerning necessary or sufficient conditions for human flourishing ( or for living meaningfully , and so on ) , Flanagan makes at least three kinds of claims .
First , Flanagan says that " recent work in the field [ of positive psychology ] claims a comparative consensus on the virtues that are mandatory for eudaimonia " ( p. 50 ) : justice , humaneness , temperance , wisdom , transcendence , and courage .
Second , Flanagan says that flourishing " ca n't be achieved unless fitness is " ( p. 55 ) , and seems to take the fulfillment of certain basic needs like " food , water , shelter , and sex " ( p. 54 ) to be necessary for achieving fitness .
Third , Flanagan says :
Meaningful human lives … involve being moral , having true friends , and having opportunities to express our talents , to find meaningful work , to create and live among beautiful things , and to live cooperatively in social environments where we trust each other .
If we have all these things , then we live meaningfully by any reasonable standard .
If we have only some of them , we live less meaningfully , and if we lack all these things , especially the first two , our life is meaningless .
( p. 58 )
It is not clear whether the claim that the virtues of wisdom and courage are necessary for flourishing is compatible with the claim that being moral , in conjunction with having true friends and so on , is sufficient for living meaningfully : why can't those who are not wise or courageous ( but are not foolish or cowardly either ) still be moral , have true friends , and so on ?
Similarly , it seems that lack of fitness makes being moral etc. hard but not impossible .
Another worry is that , according to a standard that Flanagan mentions , being moral , in conjunction with having true friends and so on , is not sufficient for living meaningfully .
This is the standard of making " a positive and lasting contribution " ( p. 1 ) : if my friends , family , and students ( and their descendants ) die and my work is irreversibly destroyed at the time of my death , I make no lasting contribution .
Yet another worry is that arguably having true friends and living cooperatively are not necessary for living meaningfully : a hermit who proves what are , unbeknown to her , important mathematical conjectures can make a positive and lasting contribution ( suppose her notes are found after her lonely death ) .
The above worries are addressed in a large philosophical literature ; oddly enough , Flanagan fails to engage with that literature .
Flanagan 's attempt to reconcile spirituality with science takes up two of the six chapters of the book : chapters 3 and 6 .
In chapter 3 , Flanagan goes over Buddhism in some detail , and argues that Buddhists need not reject the theory of evolution or contemporary mind science .
In chapter 6 , Flanagan distinguishes between assertive theists , who assert certain " propositions about the existence and nature of God or gods " ( p. 189 ) , and expressive theists , who express such propositions without asserting them .
An expressive theist conceives of a creation story as a myth , so " it is not a criticism that … [ the story ] is resistant to all forms of naturalistic confirmation or disconfirmation " ( p. 192 ) .
Flanagan 's claim that expressive theism is compatible with science seems correct , but I suspect that most traditional theists will not find this kind of reconciliation satisfactory .
According to Flanagan , " Western epistemology is built around the idea that we ought not have false beliefs " , and " Buddhism and Confucianism say pretty much the same " ( p. 168 ) .
But Flanagan worries that his claim that eudaimonics favors the norm " that we ought to seek to flourish with the truth by our side " ( p. 108 ) is subject to the objection that certain false beliefs which psychologists call " positive illusions " " causally " ( p. 168 ) " contribute to happiness , well - being , optimism , and so on " ( p. 169 ) .
In response to this objection , Flanagan makes certain comments intended to cast doubt on the claim that the psychological research findings on positive illusions show that people have false beliefs .
For example , in response to the finding that " [ t ] hings persons do poorly are judged less important than things at which they are accomplished " ( p. 173 ) , Flanagan comments that such judgments do not show that people are making mistakes , " in part because there is no objective fact of the matter about how important it is for each individual " to have a certain skill ( p. 173 ) .
Flanagan 's comments may be satisfactory as far as they go , but they fail to address some other psychological findings that Flanagan mentions .
For example : " Favored abilities are seen as rare .
Disabilities are seen as common " ; " People think they have improved in abilities that are important to them even when their performance has remained unchanged " ; and so on ( p. 173 ) .
Moreover , in claiming that " nothing warrants the global conclusion that all persons at all times are destined to harbor false , self - serving , positive illusions about themselves " ( p. 176 ) , Flanagan seems to be attacking a straw man : I know of no psychologist who claims that all persons at all times are destined to harbor false positive illusions about themselves .
Similarly , although one can hardly find fault with Flanagan 's conclusion that " [ s ] ince there are some individuals in every group who do not suffer from the alleged illusions , positive illusions are not essential components of mental health or happiness … if ' essential ' is taken to mean ' necessary ' " ( p. 180 ) , this conclusion does not address the objection that positive illusions causally contribute to happiness , the causal link being understood probabilistically , like the link between smoking and lung cancer .
In response to the objection that eudaimonics tries to derive norms from facts and thus founders on the is / ought thesis , Flanagan makes two main points .
First , eudaimonics does not use deductive logic , so it does not try to derive norms from facts ( p. 121 ) .
Second , there are " sciences , such as medicine and ( more recently ) psychiatry , clinical psychology , and social work , that incorporate norms " ( p. 108 ) , so eudaimonics can be " thoroughly empirical " ( p. 110 ) if these sciences are .
In response to the " internalist objection " that eudaimonics cannot adjudicate between competing conceptions of human flourishing corresponding to different cultures , Flanagan argues that the " strategy of seeking ' wider reflective equilibrium ' can … be used in comparing [ for example ] Aristotle 's conception of eudaimonia with the Buddhist conception " ( p. 123 ) .
However , Flanagan " simply wo n't discuss the possibility that the views might be incomparable or incommensurable " ( p. 123 ) , so his discussion may be unsatisfactory to those who take this possibility seriously .
Flanagan thinks that eudaimonics should involve " not only all mind sciences and evolutionary biology but also Western and Eastern philosophy , political theory , the history of religion " , positive psychology , " [ a ] nthropology , sociology , and economics " ( p. xii ) ; accordingly , the book is interdisciplinary .
It covers several topics besides those I discussed above .
The writing is in general clear and careful .
The book seems to be targeted primarily at laypersons , but it may also be of interest to professional philosophers .
6
If it does get very brown and cloudy , add a bit more vinegar and boil again .
The sodium acetate starts out as " sodium acetate trihydrate , " meaning it contains water .
Once all the water around it is gone , those water molecules start to evaporate and the sodium acetate becomes " sodium acetate anhydrous , " meaning " without water . "
Vinegar is mostly water , which you 'll need to boil away .
Once about 90 % of the liquid is gone — which could take half an hour of boiling or more — a crusty film will begin to form on the surface .
This means all the excess water is gone and you need to turn off the heat as fast as possible .
If you let too much of a crust develop , your liquid will get cloudy and not work very well .
By Caroline Parkinson
Health reporter , BBC News , Barcelona
The effect of coffee on pregnancy remains unclear
Too much coffee can reduce the chances of a woman with fertility problems getting pregnant , a study suggests .
Dutch researchers followed 9,000 women who had received IVF to see if they fell pregnant naturally .
Around one in seven did , but drinking more than four cups of coffee a day cut chances of conceiving by around 26 % .
Experts said the findings , presented to a European conference , only applied to women with poor fertility who wanted to maximise their chances of pregnancy .
A lot of women can have 20 cups of coffee a day and get pregnant while falling off a log , but if you 're already subfertile it could push you over the edge
Professor Bill Ledger
University of Sheffield
The researchers , from Radboud University in Nijmegan , studied all women who had received IVF treatment in the Netherlands between 1985 and 1995 .
They found 16 % of the women went on to conceive naturally , 45 % within six months of their last IVF treatment .
They used questionnaires to analyse how lifestyle factors affected a woman 's chances of pregnancy .
Drinking alcohol at least three times a week carried the same risk as excessive caffeine intake .
But smoking more than one cigarette a day and being overweight reduced the chances of pregnancy even more .
The researchers estimated that a 36 - year - old woman who smoked , drank too much coffee and alcohol and was overweight , and who had been through three cycles of IVF , would have a 5 % chance of a natural pregnancy .
If she was a healthy weight and did not smoke or have too much caffeine or alcohol , her chance would be 15 % .
' Limitations ' Dr Bea Linsten , who led the research , told the European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology conference in Barcelona that patients should be advised how they can maximise their chances of a natural pregnancy .
" We have to remind our patients that they may influence their chance of spontaneous pregnancy after IVF with a healthy lifestyle . "
However , some experts warned that the findings of the study had to be examined with caution .
Fiona Ford , of the Centre for Pregnancy Nutrition , said : " Whilst the results of this study are interesting , there are evidently limitations to these findings as post IVF patients are a selective group who have already experienced problems with conception .
" There is nothing within this study that provides a reason to change guidance to patients . "
She cited previous reseach which said there was no " convincing support " for the claim that coffee was linked to delayed conception .
Fertility expert Professor Bill Ledger , from the University of Sheffield , said caffeine could potentially have a mild , but toxic , effect on ovaries and sperm which could be a problem for those with poor fertility .
But he added : " A lot of women can have 20 cups of coffee a day and get pregnant while falling off a log , but if you 're already subfertile it could push you over the edge .
" It is only a problem if you are subfertile and you overdose . "
Zoe Wheeldon , from the British Coffee Association , said : " There is no need to cut caffeine or coffee out of the diet completely , scientific evidence demonstrates that for pregnant women or those trying to conceive up to 300 mg of caffeine per day is perfectly safe . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
DIXVILLE NOTCH , New Hampshire ( CNN ) --
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama emerged victorious in the first election returns of the 2008 presidential race , winning 15 of 21 votes cast in Dixville Notch , New Hampshire .
People in the village in New Hampshire 's northeast corner voted just after midnight Tuesday .
It was the first time since 1968 that the village leaned Democratic in an election .
Obama 's rival , Republican John McCain , won 6 votes .
A full 100 percent of registered voters in the village cast ballots .
And the votes did n't take long to tally .
iReport.com : Share your election experience
The town , home to around 75 residents , has opened its polls shortly after midnight each Election Day since 1960 , drawing national media attention for being the first place in the country to make its presidential preferences known .
However , since 1996 , another small New Hampshire town -- Hart 's Location -- reinstated its practice from the 1940s and also began opening its polls at midnight .
The result in Dixville Notch is hardly a reliable bellwether for the eventual winner of the White House -- or even the result statewide .
While New Hampshire is a perennial swing state , with 4 Electoral College votes at stake , Dixville Notch consistently leans Republican .
The last Democrat it picked was Hubert Humphrey over Richard Nixon in 1968 .
President Bush won the town in a landslide in the past two elections :
He captured 73 percent of the vote in 2004 ( 19 residents picked Bush while six preferred Sen. John Kerry ) , and secured 80 percent of the vote in 2000 ( 21 votes for Bush , five votes for Al Gore . )
Watch the results being posted in Dixville Notch »
But villagers expected the results to be close this year given Democrats now outnumber Republicans there .
The town picked both John McCain and Barack Obama for the New Hampshire Democratic and Republican primaries in January .
McCain ultimately won the state of New Hampshire , while Sen. Hillary Clinton upset Obama there .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • New Hampshire
Vinyl album covers are like fine works of art .
They are an expression of artistic intent .
They have defined entire generations .
They have reshaped the world .
It ’s too bad that many vinyl owners shove their LP ’s into a cabinet or drawer , never to see the light of day again .
There is hope , though .
A new trend , aptly known as sleeveface , has begun to take the internet by storm .
In order to create a great sleeveface , you simply take an album cover and position it in a way that causes an illusion .
If you throw in a dash of creativity , the results can be incredible .
Without further ado , here are 39 awesome examples of sleeveface .
[ flv:/wp-content/video/sleeveface.flv 570 428 ]
[ caption id =” attachment_961 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Lost in Translation ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_958 ” align=” aligncenter ” width= ” 413 ” caption = ” Frank Sinatra ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1025 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Michael Jackson Thriller ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_963 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Fat Joe ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_964 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” James Taylor Sweet Baby James ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_965 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 389 ” caption = ” Yes Tomato ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_967 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 357 ” caption = ” Jo Ann Castle ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1008 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Bruce Springsteen ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_969 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Whitney Houston ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_972 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Bonnie Tyler ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_973 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Nas ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1005 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Spoon ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1006 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption =
” The Graduate ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1010 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption =
” The Promise Ring ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1011 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” John Travolta ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1012 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Eydie and Steve ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1013 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Elvis Presley ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_981 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Bruce Springsteen ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_982 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Judas Priest ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_983 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 408 ” caption = ” Ray Conniff ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_984 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 453 ” caption = ” Peter Gabriel ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_985 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” John Hiatt ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_986 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 480 ” caption = ” Cliff Richard ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_987 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 480 ” caption = ” Jay - Z ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_988 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 480 ” caption =
” The Front Line ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_989 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 453 ” caption = ” Iggy Pop ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_990 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 480 ” caption = ” Ted Nugent and Paul McCartney ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_991 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 480 ” caption = ” Amorica ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_992 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 453 ” caption = ” Tiffany ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_994 ” align=” alignnone ” width= ” 480 ” caption = ” David Bowie ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_995 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption =
” The Tubes ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1003 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption =
” The Carpenters ” ] [ / caption ]
[ caption id =” attachment_1026 ” align=” alignnone ” width = ” 500 ” caption = ” Rick Astley ” ] [ / caption ]
For more more examples of sleeveface , check out sleeveface.com and the flickr gallery .
Open Source FUD Flies at Florida Higher Education Conference
by Ostatic Staff - Oct. 31 , 2008
Related Blog Posts Blackboard Swallows Its Competitors , Tossing Open Alternatives a Bone
The New York Times is running an interesting piece from IDG News on how administrators and IT chiefs for higher educational institutions are at odds over whether it makes sense to deploy open source software instead of proprietary products .
The flap went on this week at the Educause conference in Florida .
Within the argument that 's going on , a number of surprising fallacies about open source are apparently cropping up .
Here are the details .
Ask many folks in the open source world why it makes sense to deploy open source software in schools , and a lot of them will say that cash - strapped schools can save money by doing so .
We 've argued this before many times , including here , here , and here .
The New York Times quotes Adrian Sannier , university technology officer and professor of computing studies at Arizona State University , speaking at Educause .
He argues that cost savings will be consumed by the consulting fees paid to deploy " community - source enterprise applications . "
" The consultants who help you are like bartenders serving drunks , " he 's quoted as saying .
This issue , and tangential ones , are often raised when school administrators argue against open source .
Along with this purported problem regarding hidden costs , many school administrators argue that open source licensing issues are too prickly and complex .
Kristin tackled some of these issues well in this post .
She writes :
" The sticking points that are almost inevitably raised are the previously mentioned customer support issues , the ultimate scalability of the software , the learning curve required ( for the systems staff , but moreso the faculty and students ) , and how difficult the software is to maintain and administer . "
I 've worked at large companies where one single , talented and well - informed IT person can support the varying technology needs of 500 people , including providing support for open source software .
With the huge cost savings that educational institutions can reap from deploying open source software , I see no reason why a team of these types of IT managers could n't be hired , could n't learn the open source solutions they deploy from end - to - end , and could n't support students and staff completely .
Even with a team , the cost savings would be substantial .
As far as licenses go , businesses all over the world are deftly deploying open source while staying in compliance with licenses .
There is no reason the eggheads at schools can't do so as well .
As I 've written before , the larger problem here is one of entrenched views and prejudices .
When school administrators and IT people think of technology deployments , they lean heavily toward Macintosh hardware , and established moat - building commercial applications such as Blackboard .
Even the providers of these solutions protect their moats aggressively .
Apple does so with its marketing to schools , and Blackboard drew a heaping helping of nasty criticism for its over - the - top patents , and lawsuits regarding parts of its learning management system that many people feel belong to the open source community .
This is an area where open source evangelists need to educate the educators .
Photo by Gwen
Halloween .
Ghouls , specters , vampires , werewolves and candy – these are just a few words that sum up for most the jolly good vibe of All Saints ’ Eve .
For a special few , though , Halloween means a theme parties , costumes , beer and lots , and lots of music .
For these special few , we ’ve decided to compile a little mixtape , which should prove to be quite entertaining .
How did pick the song ?
We ’ll scary is n’t enough .
I mean , if you kinda think about it , the whole black / death / scream / norw3gian metal scene is somewhat frightening ( brutally ) .
So , we decided to pick songs that were more melodically scary and , if possible , did n’t cause you to go into a blood lusting frenzy and eat your dance partner ’s still beating heart .
No , sirs , we ’re playing it safe .
Anyhow , here goes nothing :
1. Aesop Rock – None Shall Pass
2. Radiohead – Body Snatchers
3 . The Misfits – Halloween
4. Blink 182 – I Miss You
5. Alice Cooper – Black Widow
6. David Bowie – Scary Monsters ( and Super Creeps )
7. Black Sabbath – Children of the Grave
8. Tom Waits – Cemetery Polka
9. Rolling Stones – Sympathy for the Devil
10 . Michael Jackson – Thriller ( typical , but a classic ’s a classic , nonetheless )
A group of the nation 's large research libraries has launched a new online digital repository for scanned books and other documents , essentially making the digital holdings of each institution available to all of the others .
Called the HathiTrust , the new group already holds 78 terabytes of information — that 's over 731 million pages of content .
It 's ( not ) Google Book Search
If it sounds more than a bit like Google Book Search , it should .
Many of the core libraries included in the new project ( such as the University of Michigan ) have long been partners with Google and have used the search giant 's money and expertise to scan millions of volumes in various scanning centers around the country .
While the Big G gained access to all that digital goodness for use on its own projects , the libraries also got to keep their own copies .
Rather than just providing access to the University of Michigan archive to users who visit Michigan 's libraries , or providing only access to Michigan 's collections from Michigan 's online catalog , the HathiTrust wants to make all of the archives available to all schools .
John Wilkin , a University of Michigan librarian who now heads HathiTrust , described the problem this way : " Before this collaboration , the collections in each library existed in isolation .
Now we are bringing them together , pooling resources and eliminating redundancies , and producing a valuable research tool that will be greater than the sum of its parts . "
What makes the project different from Google Book Search is that HathiTrust is n't limited by Google 's world - dominating , profit - making objectives desire to provide access to all the world 's information on its own terms .
Instead , HathiTrust hopes to offer information scanned by the Yahoo - backed Open Content Alliance , along with nonbook digitization projects from special collections and archives around the country .
And then there 's the emerging class of " born - digital " works that need archiving .
Copyright , as usual , may prove to be the sticky wicket here .
Google has famously gotten itself into massive legal battles with the publishing industry over Google Book Search , though the issue may be coming to a conclusion .
The search giant scans ( and displays brief snippets from ) copyrighted books , as well as public domain titles ; HathiTrust will also archive both kinds of works .
Only public domain works will be shown to users in full - text form — which means that people unable to get to the library stacks to look at a paper copy of a book can view only 17 percent of the titles in HathiTrust 's archive .
Page scans of all public domain works are already available and accessible through sites like the University of Michigan 's online catalog ( and no login or registration is required to access the material ) .
PDF display and full - text search are both available from HathiTrust , which provides the display infrastructure as libraries link out to its electronic archives .
Accessing a HathiTrust scanned book
Knowing what works are in the public domain is complicated , and it varies by country , so HathiTrust uses IP address filtering and other tools to apply rules based on apparent country of origin .
For US users , everything published in the US before 1923 is fair game , though after that stipulation , the rules get far more complicated .
In control
HathiTrust , named after the Hindi word for " elephant , " is pronounced either " HAH - tee " or " hah - TEE , " depending on whether one reads the press release or the web site .
( Update : the online version of the press release now confirms it is " hah - TEE . " )
Why elephants ?
Because they do n't forget , because they 're strong , and because they evoke " wisdom . "
Also , they are lumbering and slow , which is probably not what HathiTrust has in mind ( though it is a common criticism of these sorts of academic IT projects when compared with industry initiatives ) .
The move puts libraries in charge of their own digital destiny .
Schools could simply sit on their own archives , providing researchers with free access to Google Book Search , and call it a day .
But this would n't allow them to innovate in ways especially beneficial to their academic users ; it would n't allow them to add non-Googlized content , and it would n't give them any backup plan should Google decide to drop a bazillion ugly ads into Book Search or shut down the service altogether .
Right now , sites like the University of Michigan catalog point to both resources .
Michigan 's current catalog offers options
Given the prestige ( and associated financial resources ) of the schools involved in the project , HathiTrust certainly sounds like it has the potential to become , in the future , the main national digital archive for universities .
The University of California system is onboard , as is the entire Big Ten ( Wisconsin , Michigan , Illinois , etc. ) , the University of Chicago , and the University of Virginia .
The passing of November brings the end of the semester and the year within reach .
Students have finals just around the bend and are looking to finish this semester strong .
But some of you are not looking for endings , but a new beginning .
Maybe it ’s time to start something new .
For those that are looking …
Read More
We 're all guilty of being impatient with the elderly , whether they 're behind the wheel of a vehicle or just simply taking too long to do whatever it is that they 're doing .
Well , beware people sometimes the tables do turn ...
At a press briefing this morning that touched on issues like the White House 's extrajudicial wiretapping program and torture policies , the president was asked a question about Vladimir Putin 's plan to hold on to power when his term as Russian president runs out .
Reporter : Mr. President , following up on Vladimir Putin for a moment , he said recently that next year , when he has to step down according to the constitution , as the president , he may become prime minister ; in effect keeping power and dashing any hopes for a genuine democratic transition there ...
Bush : I 've been planning that myself .
Ahahahahaha .
That 's funny .
It 's a great comedian who can give voice to what everyone else is just thinking .
Despite the president 's occasional contempt for the law , THREAT LEVEL does n't believe that he 's going to declare a state of emergency and cancel the 2008 election .
But in July , we filed some FOIA requests anyway .
We asked five Justice Department offices for documents produced or revised after August 2001 " addressing the feasibility , advisability or lawfulness of deferring , rescheduling or canceling a U.S. national election . "
The Office of Legal Counsel responded in nine days :
It has no documents fitting that description .
This is the office specifically tasked with advising the president on legal matters , and which infamously belched out a memo sanctioning torture in 2002 .
This was , by the way , the fastest FOIA response I 've ever gotten – the speed suggesting the proposition was so ludicrous that it demanded swift repudiation .
( Or that the office wanted to dispose of the FOIA before the White House went and asked for election postponement options ) .
The Office of the Attorney General responded late last month ( .pdf ) , also reporting no records found .
Ditto the Office of the Associate Attorney General .
Only two offices have n't given the all - clear : The Office of the Deputy Attorney General is still looking into it .
The National Security Division says it can't even estimate when I might get a response , because there are 14 unrelated FOIA requests ahead of mine .
That means I 'll probably hear back sometime in late 2009 , by which time Bush wo n't even be in office any more .
Unless he is .
Ahahahahaha .
Just kidding .
This marketplace for personal data has been a crucial factor in powering the unrivaled lending machine in the United States .
European countries , by contrast , have far stricter laws limiting the sale of personal information .
Those countries also have far lower per-capita debt levels .
The companies that sell and use such data say they are simply providing a service to people who are likely to need it .
But privacy advocates say that buying data dossiers on consumers gives banks an unfair advantage .
“ They get people who they know are in trouble , they know are desperate , and they aggressively market a product to them which is not in their best interest , ” said Jim Campen , executive director of the Americans for Fairness in Lending , an advocacy group that fights abusive credit and lending practices .
“ It ’s the wrong product at the wrong time . ”
Compiling Histories
To knowledgeable consumers , the offers can seem eerily personalized and aimed at pushing them into poor financial decisions .
Like many Americans , Brandon Laroque , a homeowner from Raleigh , N.C. , gets many unsolicited letters asking him to refinance from the favorable fixed rate on his home to a riskier variable rate and to take on new , high - rate credit cards .
The offers contain personal details , like the outstanding balance on his mortgage , which lenders can easily obtain from the credit bureaus like Equifax , Experian and TransUnion .
“ It almost seems like they are trying to get you into trouble , ” he says .
The American information economy has been evolving for decades .
Equifax , for example , has been compiling financial histories of consumers for more than a century .
Since 1970 , use of that data has been regulated by the Federal Trade Commission under the Fair Credit Reporting Act .
But Equifax and its rivals started offering new sets of unregulated demographic data over the last decade — not just names , addresses and Social Security numbers of people , but also their marital status , recent births in their family , education history , even the kind of car they own , their television cable service and the magazines they read .
We have periodically written about AMD 's poor financial standing for some time now , as the company has struggled for nearly 2 years now to keep their operations profitable and their debt manageable , a historically difficult task for the company .
Back in July , we noted that AMD may need to sell some assets to raise cash in the face of these problems , and this has since come to pass .
August saw the sale of their digital TV unit ( responsible for the OCUR CableCard receiver , among other things ) to Broadcom , and today we 've seen something much bigger .
We just got off of a conference call on AMD , where they have announced that the year and a half speculation about their " asset light " strategy is true .
AMD is going fabless .
Effective immediately , AMD will begin to spin off its fabrication facilities into their own company , simply called the Foundry Company .
There are a lot of details to cover , so let 's dive right in .
Calling a fab " expensive " is an understatement these days .
With the cost of a brand new , state of the art fab exceeding $ 3 billion , building one requires a great deal of capital that immediately begins depreciating .
Once a fab is online , a company is looking at roughly 2 years of top - of - the - line production , after which a newer manufacturing process will come online and what was once a top fab is now a generation behind - and with it goes much of the profit that the fab will ever make .
Fabs will continue to produce for several years after they 're out of date , starting with the continuation of older parts and winding down later with less complex parts ( e.g. chipsets ) , but ultimately being in the fab business means that you 're building or retooling ( which is equally expensive ) a fab every 2 years .
AMD can no longer afford to play the fab game .
Even with generous tax breaks coming from Germany for fabs 30 and 36 AMD 's declining revenue , rising debt , and the increasing costs of building fabs has pushed the company to the point where they can't get the capital needed ( internally or externally ) to keep building fabs .
In recent months the situation at AMD has become so bad that the company has been forced to halt Fab 30's latest upgrade and plans to build further facilities in New York , all of which would be necessary to keep parity with Intel in the fab game in future years .
Complicating matters , AMD does n't even have enough business at the moment to run all of their Fabs at full capacity , which represents capacity they paid for in building the fabs and which they are n't recovering the costs of .
As such , AMD has thrown in the towel : AMD and its fabs must break up .
AMD cannot afford to keep building fabs , and their fab business cannot afford to be limited to just building chips for AMD .
AMD has begun to spin off its fab operations into their own company - the Foundry Company - and if AMD 's shareholders and the United States government approve the deal ( we 'll get to this in a moment ) , it will be a done deal either at the end of this year or at the start of the next .
The Foundry Company
However , AMD is not just throwing out its fabrication operations and telling them to fend for themselves ; there is a great deal more than that involved .
Spinning off their fabrication facilities is only one of many things that need to be done .
The Foundry Company still needs money to resume upgrades and build new fabs , and AMD still needs money period .
This is where the investors come in , and the financials get thick .
The emirate of Abu Dhabi , through its investment company Mubadala Development , previously made a large investment in AMD in 2007 in return for 8.1 % of the company .
Abu Dhabi will again be the investor AMD is turning to , and as a foreign investment this is why the United States government gets to review the matter .
Abu Dhabi will be making investments in both the Foundry Company and in AMD itself .
For the Foundry Company , nearly $ 6 billion over several years is being put directly into the fledging foundry through the Advanced Technology Investment Company ( ATIC ) , in order to give it the capital AMD never could .
In return ATIC will own 55.6 % of the foundry and will have half of the voting rights .
AMD will own the remaining 44.4 % and will have the other half of the voting rights .
AMD is also giving up Hector Ruiz , who will be leaving AMD to become the Foundry Company 's new chairman .
The complete details are a bit more complex than this ( spinoffs always are ) , but these are the most important bits .
AMD meanwhile will be receiving another round of investments from both Mubadala and ATIC .
ATIC will be paying $ 700 million to buy that 55.6 % share of the Foundry Company from AMD , and Mubadala will be putting in another $ 300 million for 58 million new shares , increasing their share of AMD to 19.3 % .
Furthermore , AMD will benefit from an immediate debt reduction , as $ 1.2 billion of their last reported $ 5.3 billion in debt will be transferred to the Foundry Company , since that debt is against the fabs themselves .
The net result will be a reduction of debt to around $ 4 billion , AMD will have more cash , and AMD will be free from the immense future commitments to build and upgrade fabs .
Going forward , AMD and ATIC have lofty goals for the Foundry Company : they want to be # 1 .
The Foundry Company will be continuing AMD 's long - standing partnership with IBM through at least 2015 , giving them access to IBM 's manufacturing technology and allowing the two companies to further develop new technology .
Ultimately , the Foundry Company is trying to surpass current AMD partners TSMC and Chartered , along with UMC , SMIC , and perhaps one day even Big Blue itself .
AMD's Fab 36 will be the Foundry Company 's first fab , followed by Fab 30's retooling finishing 2009 , and beyond that their new fab in Fishkill , New York .
It 's a lofty goal to say the least , but given AMD 's success in Dresden and the amount of raw capital ATIC is throwing at the process , it 's entirely attainable .
Once the spinoff is complete , AMD will be the Foundry Company 's first customer , although we should note that this will initially continue to be processors , while other AMD products ( chipsets , GPUs , etc. ) will continue to stay at TSMC for the time being .
Fab 36 at its opening 3 years ago
It bears mentioning that there is a great deal of government involvement with this deal at all levels .
Abu Dhabi is investing as part of their own long - term strategy to diversify and drive their economy away from oil .
It 's likely that their latest investments in AMD are part of that strategy , with the goal of ultimately buying up the company outright .
Furthermore , if the Foundry Company does well and needs to build additional fabs , those fabs will be built in Abu Dhabi .
Meanwhile Germany is quite interested in creating and keeping high - tech manufacturing jobs and facilities in the country , so the resumption of the Fab 30 upgrade is a big deal for them , although in the long run they stand to lose if all production ends up in Abu Dhabi .
Finally , New York has thrown a great deal of money through tax - breaks to get the Foundry Company 's next fab and a research facility in Fishkill , largely for the same reasons as Germany .
Hector Ruiz 's first act today will be to head to New York in order to ensure that all of the previously promised deals with AMD to get the facilities there will be extended to the Foundry Company in light of this spinoff .
Last but certainly not least , we have the future of AMD to discuss .
Jerry Sanders - AMD 's co-founder and enigmatic CEO for many years - was quite fond of AMD 's fabrication abilities and believed them to be absolutely necessary for the continued survival of the company , going so far as to once quip that " real men have fabs . "
Of course this was well over a decade ago , and since then the costs of a fab have increased dramatically .
AMD 's current CEO , Dirk Meyer , in acknowledging this has said that " we feel like we 're still pretty manly at AMD , " along with justifying this move based on the aforementioned costs .
Sanders was right at the time , but it remains to be seen whether Meyer is right now .
For the sake of the CPU and GPU industries , we hope he is .
It has been a long held belief that for effective CPU manufacturing , the same company needs to be the designer and the builder of the CPU .
As these devices are practically built down to the transistor , an in - depth knowledge of the manufacturing process is needed to best design a processor , and again to integrate feedback from manufacturing based on how such processes evolve .
The billion - dollar question right now is whether AMD can still achieve that synergy if they are no longer in the manufacturing business .
Certainly farming their manufacturing out to a third party wo n't completely inhibit them from manufacturing CPUs , but it may keep them from manufacturing CPUs as well as they have in the past .
The situation is not particularly comparable to GPU manufacturing ; while GPUs have just as many ( if not more transistors ) , they do not have the high clock speeds of CPUs , and GPUs are still developed along a functional unit level rather than a transistor level .
To AMD 's credit , they do have some experience with third party CPU manufacturing .
During AMD 's boom years earlier this decade , they enlisted Chartered to manufacture Athlon 64 CPUs on their 90nm and 65nm processes , which to the best of our knowledge worked quite well for the short period of time thereafter that AMD 's boom lasted .
Yet at the same time , AMD was still a fab owner and had developed the Athlon 64 initially with their own fabs , so it 's not an entirely comparable situation .
Although AMD does not subscribe to Intel 's tick - tock strategy , historically this is similar to how they have operated ( Barcelona was introduced on their existing 65 nm process ) , so the loss of their own fabrication abilities could be a significant blow .
The flipside is also possible , however : with freedom to evolve separate from AMD 's CPU business , the Foundry Company could bring newer process technologies online more rapidly , giving AMD and others the chance to upgrade as the need arises .
Which scenario will occur is impossible to say right now , but short term it is more likely than not that this will hurt the AMD 's ability to be competitive .
All we can do is wait , see , and hope .
Moving forward , AMD is in a tough spot .
Nehalem 's launch later this year robs AMD of their ace in the server market , HyperTransport , and this has been one of the last highly profitable areas where they 've been competitive .
The 45nm Barcelona successor Shanghai ( and its derivatives ) is still set to ship this year , so these should at least help AMD keep the same gap behind Intel .
Given the cycle times on CPU design and manufacturing , the true effects of this spinoff will not be felt until AMD 's new microarchitecture , Bulldozer , hits the market in 2010 .
For now , this deal leaves AMD with more cash which they greatly need to continue operations , and the aforementioned $ 4 billion in debt .
Unfortunately , what it does n't leave them is much in the way of assets ; their fabrication facilities were most of the company 's assets , so their debt to asset ratio just got a lot worse .
Without a doubt this move has saved AMD ; there is no longer a question of whether there will be an AMD in 2010 .
Had AMD not done this spinoff , they very well could have gone insolvent before the next decade .
Beyond 2010 this does not mean much , however ; the lack of fabrication facilities could kill their ability to be competitive at the high - end , it could simply kill them entirely … or it could even be beneficial if they can adapt to the new design and fabrication process .
AMD will be announcing their Q3'08 results on October 16 .
We 'll have more on the company then , including a fresh look at their revenue , cash reserves , assets , and debt .
Stay tuned .
We all grow up with famous brands that evoke that special memory of home .
Brands that are especially American – brands that make us burst with national pride .
But , alas , what many people do n’t realize is that many of those brands are not American any longer ( or never were ! )
This is a list of the ten most famous American icons that are , in fact , foreign .
If you can think of others , be sure to mention them in the comments .
SEE ALSO : 10 French Things That Are n’t French At All
10 Firestone Japan
The Firestone Tire and Rubber Company was founded by Harvey Firestone in 1900 to supply pneumatic tires for wagons , buggies , and other forms of wheeled transportation common in the era .
Firestone soon saw the huge potential for marketing tires for automobiles .
The company was a pioneer in the mass production of tires .
Firestone used this relationship to become the original equipment supplier of Ford Motor Company automobiles , and was also active in the replacement market .
Firestone was bought out in 1988 by Bridgestone , a Japanese rubber conglomerate based in Tokyo and founded in 1931 .
Bridgestone is currently ranked first in the global tire market , with Michelin second , Goodyear third and Continental fourth .
9 Dial Soap Germany
The Dial Corporation is a maker of personal care and household cleaning products based in Scottsdale , Arizona .
It began as a brand of deodorant soap manufactured by Armour and Company , the legendary Chicago meatpacking firm , and through a series of mergers , acquisitions and divestitures , emerged by the 2000s as a stand - alone leading personal care and household cleaning products company .
In 2004 , the company was bought by Henkel KGaA , a German consumer products firm .
Other brands owned by Henkel are Schwarzkopf , Sellotape , and Persil , the company ’s most famous brand ( and the name of the world ’s first laundry detergent ) .
8 Shell Netherlands
Shell Oil Company is the United States - based affiliate of Royal Dutch Shell , a multinational oil company ( “ oil major ” ) of Anglo Dutch origins , which is amongst the largest oil companies in the world .
Approximately 22,000
Shell employees are based in the U.S.
The head office in the U.S. is in Houston , Texas .
Shell Oil Company is a 50/50 partner with the Saudi Arabian government - owned oil company Saudi Aramco in Motiva Enterprises , a refining and marketing joint venture which owns and operates three oil refineries on the Gulf Coast of the United States .
Parent company Royal Dutch Shell has its origins in Holland and Britain .
7 Church ’s Chicken Bahrain
Church ’s Chicken is a U.S. chain of fast food restaurants specializing in fried chicken .
The chain was founded as Church ’s Fried Chicken To Go by George W. Church , Sr. on April 17 , 1952 in San Antonio , across the street from The Alamo .
The company now has more than 1,600 locations worldwide .
Their slogan is “ I know what good is . ”
At the end of 2004 the company was sold to Arcapita ( formerly Crescent Capital Investments ) .
Because Arcapita is an Islamic venture capital firm , bacon was removed from the menu after the sale ( pork not being halal ) .
In accordance with Islamic Sharia law , the company does not invest in any businesses which offer credit or charge interest , or sell pornography , alcohol , or pork products .
The company also owns Caribou Coffee .
6 Toll House Cookies Switzerland
Toll House is a brand of cookies and brownies marketed by Nestle .
It is named for the Toll House Inn in Whitman , Massachusetts , where Ruth Graves Wakefield is credited with inventing the chocolate chip cookie by mistake in the 1930s in a nearby Rhode Island town .
Ruth Graves approached Nestle after the popularity of her cookies skyrocketed .
The price that Nestle paid her for the recipe was a life - time supply of chocolate .
Nestle is a Swiss company and owns the rights to the cookies and the recipe .
5 Holiday Inn United Kingdom
The original Holiday Inn chain of hotels was founded in 1952 in Memphis , Tennessee , by homebuilder Kemmons Wilson to provide inexpensive family accommodation for travelers within the USA .
Wilson initially came up with the idea after a family road trip to Washington , DC , during which he was disappointed by the quality and consistency provided by the roadside motels of that era .
The name Holiday Inn was given to the original hotel by his architect Eddie Bluestein as a joke , in reference to the Bing Crosby movie .
The Holiday Inn is now owned by British company InterContinental Hotels Group PLC which owns and operates several hotel brands .
4 The Chrysler Building United Arab Emirates
The Chrysler building is a very distinctive art deco skyscraper in New York City , recognized by anyone who has seen an American film .
For 11 months it was the world ’s tallest building and it is still the world ’s tallest brick building .
In 2007 , it was ranked ninth on the List of America ’s Favorite Architecture by the American Institute of Architects .
As an iconic part of the New York City skyline , the Chrysler Building has been depicted countlessly in almost every medium — film , photography , video games , art , advertising , music , literature , and even fashion , as its use quickly establishes without doubt the location in which the depicted events are occurring .
This amazing American Icon is now owned by the Abu Dhabi Investment Council which paid over 800 million dollars for the 75 % share it owns .
Abu Dhabi Investment Council manages the excess oil reserves of the emirates – valued at $ 1 trillion .
3 Trader Joe ’s Germany
Trader Joe ’s was started in 1958 as a chain of “ Pronto Market ” .
When founder Joe Coulombe was on vacation in the Caribbean he came up with the idea of a themed market with exotic foods – something lacking in the other chain stores at the time .
The first store named Trader Joe ’s was opened in 1966 in California .
The original store is still in operation .
The chain is now owned by a family trust of German billionaire Theo Albrecht who is behind the German supermarket chain Aldi .
2 7 - Eleven Japan
7 - Eleven is a worldwide chain of convenience stores which is the largest chain store in the world – beating McDonald ’s by 1,000 stores .
It is located in eighteen countries .
Among 7 - Eleven ’s offerings are private label products , including Slurpee , a partially frozen beverage introduced in 1967 , and the Big Gulp introduced in 1980 that packaged soft drinks in large cups ranging in size from 20 to 64 fluid ounces .
7 - Eleven is owned by Seven & I Holdings Co. , Ltd. which is a Japanese company and the fifth largest retailer in the world .
Seven & I Holdings also owns Denny ’s and White Hen Pantry .
1 Budweiser Belgium
Budweiser is one of the most popular beers in the United States .
It is an American style lager and is made with a mix of barley malt and rice .
It is produced in a variety of breweries across the US and the world .
The name originates from the German meaning “ From Budweis ” which was a Bohemian city .
On July 14 it was announced that Anheuser - Busch ( the company that produces Bud ) was to be bought out by Belgian company InBev for 52 billion dollars .
This deal sees the largest US brewer now owned by the beer giant from Belgium .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
There are fears contamination could be widespread throughout the food chain
The toxic chemical melamine is probably being routinely added to Chinese animal feed , state media has reported .
Correspondents say the unusually frank reports in several news outlets are an admission that contamination could be widespread throughout the food chain .
The melamine scandal began early in September , when at least four Chinese babies were killed by contaminated milk , and thousands more became ill .
The news led firms across Asia to recall products made from Chinese milk .
The problem widened last weekend when the authorities in Hong Kong reported that melamine had also been detected in Chinese eggs .
Chinese citizens react to food scare
In pictures
Four brands of eggs have since been found to be contaminated , and agriculture officials speculate that the cause was probably melamine - laced feed given to hens .
Melamine is high in nitrogen , and the chemical is added to food products to make them appear to have a higher protein content .
' Open secret '
Several state newspapers carried reports on Thursday suggesting that the addition of melamine to animal feed was widespread .
The feed industry seems to have acquiesced to agree on using the chemical to reduce production costs while maintaining the protein count for quality inspections , " the state - run China Daily said in an editorial .
" We can not say for sure if the same chemical has made its way into other types of food , " the newspaper added .
MELAMINE SCANDAL 10 Sept : 14 babies reported ill in Gansu province , cases reported around China 13 Sept : 19 people arrested 15 Sept : Beijing confirms first deaths from the contamination 22 Sept : Toll of ill babies rises to more than 50,000 ; head of China 's quality watchdog resigns 23 Sept : Other countries start to test Chinese dairy products or remove them from shops 14 Oct : China orders the withdrawal of all milk produced more than a month ago 22 Oct : Hong Kong scientists find excessive levels of melamine in a brand of mainland eggs 31 Oct : Chinese media suggest melamine is routinely added to animal feed
Send us your comments
The practice of mixing melamine into animal feed is an " open secret " in the industry , the Nanfang Daily reported .
Chinese officials have been criticised for initially covering up the melamine scandal - as they have in the past for other health scares .
Despite a nationwide campaign to raise food safety standards and reassure consumers , China 's broken - down food safety inspectorate is still failing to catch and report lapses in standards when they happen .
Analysts say that Friday 's news reports are an unusual departure for Chinese officials , marking what amounts to a tacit government admission that the problem could affect many parts of the food supply .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've just published an article about the vast differences between Obama and McCain on technology policy .
It 's for the Washington Monthly 's special issue on the stakes in this election .
The summary : everyone knows that McCain does n't use email .
What they do n't know is that he actually deserves a lot of the blame for the sorry state of broadband in this country .
We 've gone from 5th in the world in broadband penetration to 22nd , in no small part because of John McCain 's policies as chair of the Senate Commerce Committee : his support for mergers in the telecom industry ; his opposition to the pro-competition parts of the ' 96 Telecommunications Act ; and his dogmatic pro free - market beliefs , even in a market which by its nature requires government management .
Obama 's views are n't perfect ; but he 's miles better .
Here 's Obama 's technology policy .
Here 's McCain's .
And here 's a link to a page with some of the sources I cite in the story , as well as other good articles written about the topic .
Author Studs Terkel is shown at the 11th Annual Death Penalty Focus Awards Dinner April 18 , 2002 in Beverly Hills , CA .
Robert Mora / Getty Images
( AP ) - Studs Terkel , the ageless master of listening and speaking , a broadcaster , activist and Pulitzer Prize - winning author whose best - selling oral histories celebrated the common people he liked to call the " non-celebrated , " died Friday .
He was 96 .
Dan Terkell said his father died at home , and described his death as " peaceful , no agony .
This is what he wanted . "
" My dad led a long , full , eventful , sometimes tempestuous , but very satisfying life , " Terkell said in a statement issued through his father 's colleague and close friend Thom Clark .
He was a native New Yorker who moved to Chicago as a child and came to embrace and embody his adopted town , with all its " carbuncles and warts , " as he recalled in his 2007 memoir , " Touch and Go . "
He was a cigar and martini man , white - haired and elegantly rumpled in his trademark red-checkered shirts , an old rebel who never mellowed , never retired , never forgot , and " never met a picket line or petition I did n't like . "
" My dad led a long , full , eventful , sometimes tempestuous , but very satisfying life "
" A lot of people feel , ' What can I do , ( it's ) hopeless , ' " Terkel told The Associated Press in 2003 .
" Well , through all these years there have been the people I 'm talking about , whom we call activists ... who give us hope , and through them we have hope . "
The tougher the subject , the harder Terkel took it on .
He put out an oral history collection on race relations in 1992 called " Race : How Blacks and Whites Think and Feel About The American Obsession , " and , in 1995 , " Coming of Age , " recollections of men and women 70 and older .
He cared about what divided us , and what united us : death - in his 2001 " Will the Circle Be Unbroken ?
Reflections on Death , Rebirth , and Hunger for a Faith , " and hope , in his 2003 " Hope Dies Last . "
Terkel won a 1985 Pulitzer Prize for " The Good War , " remembrances of World War II ; contrasted rich and poor along the same Chicago street in " Division Street : America , " 1966 ; limned the Depression in " Hard Times , " 1970 ; and chronicled how people feel about their jobs in " Working , " 1974 .
" When the Chinese Wall was built , where did the masons go for lunch ?
When Caesar conquered Gall , was there not even a cook in the army ?
And here 's the big one , when the Armada sank , you read that King Philip wept .
Were there no other tears ? "
Terkel said upon receiving an honorary National Book Award medal in 1997 .
" And that 's what I believe oral history is about .
It 's about those who shed those other tears , who on rare occasions of triumph laugh that other laugh . "
For his oral histories , he interviewed his subjects on tape , then transcribed and sifted .
" What first comes out of an interview are tons of ore ; you have to get that gold dust in your hands , " he wrote in his memoir .
" Now , how does it become a necklace or a ring or a gold watch ?
You have to get the form ; you have to mold the gold dust . "
He would joke that his obsession with tape recording was equaled by only one other man , a certain former president of the United States : " Richard Nixon and I could be aptly described as neo-Cartesians .
I tape , therefore I am . "
Terkel also was a syndicated radio talk show host , voice of gangsters on old radio soaps , jazz critic , actor in the 1988 film " Eight Men Out , " and survivor of the 1950s blacklist .
In 1999 , a panel of judges organized by the Modern Library , a book publisher , picked " Working " as No. 54 on its list of the century 's 100 best English - language works of nonfiction .
And in 2006 , the Library of Congress announced that a radio interview he did with author James Baldwin in September 1962 was selected for the National Recording Registry of sound recordings worthy of preservation .
Terkel 's other interview subjects included Louis Armstrong , Buster Keaton , Marlon Brando and Bob Dylan .
Terkel 's politics were liberal , vintage FDR .
He would never forget the many New Deal programs from the Great Depression and worried that the country suffered from " a national Alzheimer 's disease " that made government the perceived enemy .
In a 1992 interview with the AP , he advocated " pressure from below , from the grass roots .
That means the people who live and work in cities - that used to be called the working class , although now everyone says middle class . "
Terkel was born Louis Terkel on May 16 , 1912 , in the Bronx .
His father , Samuel , was a tailor ; his mother , Anna , a seamstress .
The family moved to Chicago in 1922 and ran a rooming house where young Louis would meet the workers and activists who would profoundly influence his view of the world .
" It was those loners - argumentative ones , deceptively quite ones , the talkers and the walkers - who , always engaged in something outside themselves , unintentionally became my mentors , " Terkel wrote in " Touch and Go . "
He got the nickname Studs as a young man , from the character Studs Lonigan , the protagonist of James T. Farrell 's beloved trilogy of novels about an Irish - American youth from Chicago 's South Side .
Terkel graduated from the University of Chicago in 1932 , studying philosophy , and also picked up a law degree .
But instead of choosing law , he worked briefly in the civil service and then found employment in radio with one of his beloved " alphabet agencies " from the New Deal , the WPA Writers Project .
His early work as a stage actor led to radio acting , disc jockey jobs and then to radio interview shows beginning in the 1940s .
From 1949 to 1952 , he was the star of a national TV show , " Studs ' Place , " a program of largely improvised stories and songs set in a fictional bar ( later a restaurant ) owned by Studs .
Some viewers even thought it was a real place , and would go looking for it in Chicago .
" People were never put down , " Terkel recalled in the 1995 book " The Box : An Oral History of Television , 1920 - 1961 . "
" The stories were about little aspects of their lives .
There was no audience and no canned laughter .
...
It was one of the most exhilarating times of my life . "
The McCarthy - era antipathy toward activists cost him his national TV outlet .
But his radio interview show flourished , first at WFMT in Chicago and then , through syndication , in many markets .
In 1939 , he married social worker Ida Goldberg , a marriage that lasted 60 years even though she could n't get him to dance and always called him Louis , not Studs .
" Ida was a far better person than I , that 's the reality of it , " Terkel later wrote of Ida , who died in 1999 .
" She had a certain empathy I lack .
And she was more politically active than I . ...
Did she play a tremendous role in my life ?
Yeah , you could say so . "
( Copyright 2008 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
( Updated with video ) McCain 's last ditch effort is to say that Obama is a socialist .
Wallace called him out on it .
WALLACE : But , Senator , you voted for the $ 700 billion bailout that 's being used partially to nationalize American banks .
Is n't that socialism ?
As we know , Conservatism has run up the largest debt this country has ever known , started two wars and destroyed Wall Street under the " Compassionate One , " but be afraid of Obama .
I saw Sarah Palin saying the same thing .
On Sunday , she went a step further .
“ Barack Obama calls it spreading the wealth , ” she said .
“ Joe Biden calls higher taxes patriotic .
But Joe the plumber and Ed the dairy man , I believe that they think that it sounds more like socialism .
Friends , now is no time to experiment with socialism . ”
Did n't she redistribute the wealth in Alaska ?
You know , take the oil profits , impose a tax and kick it back to Alaskans ?
As Eric Kleefield says :
Note : Sarah Palin is the governor of a state that practices collective ownership of oil and other natural resources , and equally distributes the state 's cut of the revenues to every citizen .
The Nation has more ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Sony has postponed the global release of a much - anticipated video game due to concerns that it may offend Muslims .
Copies of LittleBigPlanet are being recalled from shops worldwide after it emerged that a background music track contained two phrases from the Koran .
Sony issued an apology for any offence that its use of the backing track might have caused .
The changed version of LittleBigPlanet will now go on sale on 3 November in the UK and 29 October in the US .
Trial judge A statement on the LittleBigPlanet website said : " We 're sure that most of you have heard by now that one of the background music tracks that was licensed from a record label for use in the game contains two expressions that can be found in the Koran .
" We have taken immediate action to rectify this and we sincerely apologise for any offence this may have caused . "
Speaking to the BBC LittleBigPlanet creators Media Molecule said it was alerted to the problem by a Muslim gamer who had been playing a beta , or trial , version of the game .
The music in question comes from Grammy award - winning artist Toumani Diabate from Mali and is known to have been available through online music stores for months .
In an e-mail the gamer who spotted the Koranic phrases warned that mixing music and words from Islam 's most holy text could be considered deeply offensive by Muslims .
He suggested producing a software patch to remove the music .
Media Molecule said it did produce a patch but , following consultation with Sony , decided to go further .
... this is obviously a blow to Sony on the eve of what was expected to be a triumphant release of LittleBigPlanet .
Darren Waters
BBC technology editor
Read the dot. life blog in full " We decided to do a global recall to ensure that there was no possible way anyone may be offended by the music in the game , " said a Sony spokesman .
" A new version of the game without the music has been produced and will be released shortly so that anyone anywhere in the world can enjoy LittleBigPlanet , " he added .
In June 2007 , Sony apologised to the Church of England after setting scenes in a violent video game inside Manchester Cathedral .
On that occasion the game was not withdrawn .
LittleBigPlanet has been described as a game about making games .
It lets gamers build their own playground levels and then swap them with other players over the PlayStation Network .
Everything that can be seen in LittleBigPlanet can also be created by gamers - from textures , characters , to objects and levels .
Manzoor Moghal , of the Muslim Forum think - tank , explained that words from the Koran should not be set to music because the words are seen to have come directly from God .
He added : " We must compliment Sony for taking decisive action by withdrawing these games immediately , and releasing a version that is not offensive to Muslims . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tim Bray has a thought provoking post on embracing cloud computing entitled Get In the Cloud where he brings up the problem of vendor lock - in .
He writes
Tech Issue ·
But there are two problems .
The small problem is that we have n’t quite figured out the architectural sweet spot for cloud platforms .
Is it Amazon ’s EC2/S3 “ Naked virtual whitebox ” model ?
Is it a Platform - as - a - service flavor like Google App Engine ?
We just do n’t know yet ; stay tuned .
Big Issue · I mean a really big issue : if cloud computing is going to take off , it absolutely , totally , must be lockin - free .
What that means if that I ’m deploying my app on Vendor X ’s platform , there have to be other vendors Y and Z such that I can pull my app and its data off X and it ’ll all run with minimal tweaks on either Y or Z .
At the moment , I do n’t think either the Amazon or Google offerings qualify .
Are we so deranged here in the twenty - first century that we ’re going to re-enact , wide - eyed , the twin tragedies of the great desktop - suite lock - in and the great proprietary - SQL lock - in ?
You know , the ones where you give a platform vendor control over your IT budget ?
Gimme a break .
I ’m simply not interested in any cloud offering at any level unless it offers zero barrier - to - exit .
Tim 's post is about cloud platforms but I think it is useful to talk about avoiding lock - in when taking a bet on cloud based applications as well as when embracing cloud based platforms .
This is especially true when you consider that moving from one application to another is a similar yet smaller scoped problem compared to moving from one Web development platform to another .
So let 's say your organization wants to move from a cloud based office suite like Google Apps for Business to Zoho .
The first question you have to ask yourself is whether it is possible to extract all of your organization 's data from one service and import it without data loss into another .
For business documents this should be straightforward thanks to standards like ODF and OOXML .
However there are points to consider such as whether there is an automated way to perform such bulk imports and exports or whether individuals have to manually export and / or import their online documents to these standard formats .
Thus the second question is how expensive it is for your organization to move the data .
The cost includes everything from the potential organizational downtime to account for switching services to the actual IT department cost of moving all the data .
At this point , you then have to weigh the impact of all the links and references to your organization 's data that will be broken by your switch .
I do n't just mean links to documents returning 404 because you have switched from being hosted at google.com to zoho.com but more insidious problems like the broken experience of anyone who is using the calendar or document sharing feature of the service to give specific people access to their data .
Also you have to ensure that email that is sent to your organization after the switch goes to the right place .
Making this aspect of the transition smooth will likely be the most difficult part of the migration since it requires more control over application resources than application service providers typically give their customers .
Finally , you will have to evaluate which features you will lose by switching applications and ensure that none of them is mission critical to your business .
Despite all of these concerns , switching hosted application providers is mostly a tractable problem .
Standard data formats make data migration feasible although it might be unwieldy to extract the data from the service .
In addition , Internet technologies like SMTP and HTTP all have built in ways to handle forwarding / redirecting references so that they are n't broken .
However although the technology makes it possible , the majority of hosted application providers fall far short of making it easy to fully migrate to or away from their service without significant effort .
When it comes to cloud computing platforms , you have all of the same problems described above and a few extra ones .
The key wrinkle with cloud computing platforms is that there is no standardization of the APIs and platform technologies that underlie these services .
The APIs provided by Amazon 's cloud computing platform ( EC2/ S3 / EBS/etc ) are radically different from those provided by Google App Engine ( Datastore API / Python runtime / Images API/etc ) .
For zero lock - in to occur in this space , there need to be multiple providers of the same underlying APIs .
Otherwise , migrating between cloud computing platforms will be more like switching your application from Ruby on Rails and MySQL to Django and PostgreSQL ( i.e. a complete rewrite ) .
In response to Tim Bray 's post , Dewitt Clinton of Google left a comment which is excerpted below
That 's why I asked -- you can already do that in both the case of Amazon 's services and App Engine .
Sure , in the case of EC2 and S3 you 'll need to find a new place to host the image and a new backend for the data , but Amazon is n't trying to stop you from doing that .
( Actually not sure about the AMI format licensing , but I assumed it was supposed to be open . )
In App Engine 's case people can run the open source userland stack ( which exposes the API you code to ) on other providers any time the want , and there are plenty of open source bigtable implementations to chose from .
Granted , bulk export of data is still a bit of a manual process , but it is doable even today and we 're working to make it even easier .
Ae you saying that lock - in is avoided only once the alternative hosts exist ?
But how does Amazon or Google facilitate that , beyond getting licensing correct and open sourcing as much code as they can ?
Obviously we can't be the ones setting up the alternative instances .
( Though we can cheer for them , like we did when we saw the App Engine API implemented on top of EC2 and S3 . )
To Doug Cutting 's very good point , the way Amazon and Google ( and everyone else in this space ) seem to be trying to compete is by offering the best value , in terms of reliability ( uptime , replication ) and performance ( data locality , latency , etc ) and monitoring and management tools .
Which is as it should be .
Although Dewitt is correct that Google and Amazon are not explicitly trying to lock - in customers to their platform , the fact is that today if a customer has heavily invested in either platform then there is n't a straightforward way for customers to extricate themselves from the platform and switch to another vendor .
In addition there is not a competitive marketplace of vendors providing standard / interoperable platforms as there are with email hosting or Web hosting providers .
As long as these conditions remain the same , it may be that lock - in is too strong a word describe the situation but it is clear that the options facing adopters of cloud computing platforms are n't great when it comes to vendor choice .
Now Playing : Britney Spears - Womanizer
This entry was posted in Anime and tagged Neon Genesis Evangelion Politics .
Bookmark the permalink
The Marine Corps has been buying Tasers for years .
But the military has only used the stun guns sparingly in the field .
Now , all that is set to change , thanks to new training guidelines for the electroshock weapons .
What 's Arabic for " Do n't Tase me , bro " ?
“ We would expect the use of [ devices such as the Taser ] to grow over time , now that we have this long - term policy in place , ” Maj .
David Nevers , a tells Marine Corps Times .
In the new policy , outlined in Marine administrative message 560/08 , officials approve use of the X26E Taser , the most popular law enforcement device sold by Taser International Inc .
The weapon fires two probes attached to electrical wires , providing the ability to “ tase ” someone .
There are already lots of " amusing " videos out there of Marine Corps Taser training –- the part where trainees get Tasered themselves .
But there are doubts over whether existing training is adequate :
Marine officials said the Corps began discussing using the Taser in 2003 , and sent its first 122 units to Iraq ’s Multi-National Force - West in spring 2004 .
But its use was scuttled after concerns were raised over whether the training in place was sufficient and whether its use would hurt efforts to gain the trust of Iraqis .
Adding the police - style X26 Taser to the Marines ' arsenal might be useful in some situations .
But the Marines are not police .
In the long term , the Taser they are likely to fond most useful is the wireless
XREP Taser projectile , which is fired from a standard 12 - Gauge shotgun .
As we reported last year , this projectile was developed by Taser Inc under an Office of Naval Research ( ONR ) contract specifically to meet the Marines requirements :
The Marine Corps Systems Command conveyed an interest in this type of technology to ONR .
The requirement was to ' clear facilities , ' basically what our Marines are doing today in Iraq and elsewhere , going building to building and room to room . " stated Mr .
John Beadling , an ONR support contractor .
Meanwhile , the Army is starting to field Tasers .
The 3rd Infantry 's 1st Brigade Combat Team has already been issued with Army 's first ever package of " nonlethal weapons designed to subdue unruly or dangerous individuals without killing them , " including Tasers and bean - bag rounds .
And although the 1st BCT is now stationed in the U.S. for
" on - call federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters , including terrorist attacks , " the Army Times makes it clear that they wo n't be using non-lethals to control civil distrubances at home .
" The package is for use only in war - zone operations , not for any domestic purpose . "
[ Photo : USMC ]
ALSO :
* Police Taser Runaway Sheep for Blocking Traffic
* Truck Stops to Start Selling Tasers
*
First Jury Zaps Taser ; $ 6 Mil for Wrongful Death
* TASER : Now with Audio and Video
* ' Peel and Stick ' Tasers Electrify Crowd Control
* ' Taser Shock Triggers Fire in Man's Pants '
* Students Busted for D.I.Y .
Taser
* ' Do n't Tase Me , Sonny Boy ' ; Cops Zap Naked Senior
* Former NFL Quarterback Tased in Jail
* Taser - Proof Body Armor
* Video : Taser Shotgun 's Creepy Promo
* Stun Gun Patent Battle Breaks Out
* Taser Goes Leopard Print , Plays Music
* Video : No Charges for Handcuffed , Tasered Woman
* Tasers : The Tupperware of 2007
* French Reveal Plans for Taser Flying Saucer
* Taser Recruits Santa , Mom for Ad Campaign
* Introducing Taser - Proof Gear
* Video : Tase This , Sucker
* That famous video
* Taser Goes Pink
* Taser Shotgun , Robot Revealed
* Wireless Taser : Whole New Kind of Weapon
* Taser - Armed ' Bot Ready to Zap Pathetic Humans
* Robo-Tasers for " Pipeline " Defense
* Taser - Makers Blast Back at Danger Room
* Taser Zaps Critics - So Far
* Taser - Ignited Potato Cannon
* Video : Stun Gun Abuse
* Taser vs. Beer
Jacob Weisberg explains how stupid and ideologically blinkered libertarians are for not recognizing the meltdown as a failure of “ unregulated markets . ”
Yes , yes , I know we ’ve heard this all before , but it ’s almost kind of funny how someone can write a whole article about this and never once — as in not one time — mention central banking .
Jake , buddy , central banks are an intervention into the economy .
They also have a teensy weensy bit to do with the financial situation right now .
Professor
Jake teaches us that there ’s a “ natural tendency of lending standards to turn permissive during a boom . ”
And we ’re the ones who supposedly lack an explanation of what happened .
A “ natural tendency . ”
It just sort of happens .
It has nothing to do with all that cheap credit the central bank is flooding the economy with .
So here ’s my question : is Weisberg a moron who thinks monetary central planning is the only brand of free - market thinking that exists , or is he more sinister , deliberately portraying phony free - market thinking as the real thing in order to make a better case for interventionism ?
Seems unlikely , though not impossible , that the editor of Slate could be just an ignorant blockhead , so I ’m not sure where I come down on this .
The Nine have decided , without explanation , to let the State of Georgia go ahead with its proposal to murder Troy Davis at a time and place of their choosing .
They are apparently acting in the belief that making sure all the paperwork stays settled , preserving the institutions of monopolistic legal finality , and practicing due deference to other judges ’ turf , matters more than something as paltry as whether or not an innocent man is about to be killed for a crime he did not commit .
Here is what I got last evening from Amnesty International USA :
As I said in my earlier post :
First , I should say that , as a matter of fact , it does not matter to me — and it should not matter to you — one bit whether or not Troy Davis really is responsible for the killing he ’s alleged to have committed , or , if he is responsible , whether or not the prosecution legitimate proved their case in the midst of what appears to have been a very dirty bit of business by the Gangsters in Blue .
There seems to be good evidence for massive police misconduct , and for the likelihood of Davis ’s innocence .
This evidence is important , and let ’s go ahead and scream about it as much as possible to the men and women sitting in the court and corrections system , if it will save Troy Davis from the gallows .
But , just between us , we need to remember that even if he were obviously guilty as hell , the State has no right to commit premeditated murder in order to make him pay for it .
The penalty of death is the ultimate , definitive expression of the State ’s cold and sadistic violence , exercised with no defensive purpose and against women and men who no longer pose any threat to any living soul , on the theory that in the end your body and your life belong to the State , and can be mutilated and destroyed by it , at its pleasure , for its own special purposes — whether to exact blood vengeance , or to send a message to unrelated third parties , cut into your body by the Harrow of the criminal justice system .
It is nothing more and nothing less than State - sanctioned murder , and it ought to be abolished immediately , completely , and forever .
Second , you should also note , from this story , that in the view of the Georgia Supreme Court , final arbiter that it is , getting all the paperwork settled once and for all is apparently more important than whether or not an innocent man will be slaughtered on the basis of lying testimony extracted by intimidation and coercion at the hands of an overzealous police department , desperately seeking a black cop -killer to lynch .
You may find this appalling ; but it should not be surprising .
This approach to The Law is essential to the very nature of the State and its legal system .
Authority is held to take precedence over fact and evidence ; imposed finality is held to take precedence over justice , even when it comes to punishments that are utterly irreversible , destroying forever any hope of appeal .
Otherwise , anyone might just go around any old time and prove somebody ’s innocence and spring them from the prisons or the gallows , a judge ’s say - so notwithstanding ; a journalist ’s expose or an ad hoc committee ’s discoveries and reasoned decisions might be just as good as that the Nine .
Without sovereign authority to stand between the people and justice , doing justice would be nothing a mere human institution , open to anybody who can do some research and submit facts to a candid world .
Why , it ’d be Anarchy !
So instead , paying due deference and having the right stamp on the right papers and uttering the right ritual incantations is held to be more important than somehing so paltry as a man ’s life .
That is the Majesty of the Law ; that is its morality ; that is its justice .
The Obama campaign is fully aware of the challenge .
“ This is a tough ward , ” said Paul Rossi , 61 , a data processor who lives in the neighborhood and is helping out at an Obama office that opened Saturday not far from Marconi Park .
“ It ’s a matter of convincing people culturally that they wo n’t be harmed by Obama . ”
It is no accident that Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. , Mr. Obama ’s running mate , is being dispatched to speak in Marconi Park on Monday night for his final rally of the campaign .
The white , blue - collar Catholics here are just the kind of voters whom Mr. Biden , also Catholic , was chosen to help win over .
Mr. Biden is to be joined by members of the Philadelphia Phillies , who just won the World Series .
Susan Streicher , 59 , a retired secretary and registered Democrat , acknowledged that Mr. Biden ’s Catholicism was appealing to her but said she preferred Mr. McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin , Mr. McCain ’s running mate , because they oppose abortion rights .
Her husband , John , 63 , a postal worker , dismissed Mr. McCain , saying that he was a “ warmonger ” and that Alaska , Ms. Palin ’s home state , “ is all wilderness . ”
Both said they thought Mr. Obama would win .
Several other people interviewed who said they preferred Mr. McCain declined to give their names .
There is no doubt that Mr. Obama , who won Philadelphia in the primary , will again sweep the city , where about 52 percent of voters are black .
But while it is a major part of the statewide puzzle , it is still only a piece .
In 2004 , Senator John Kerry , the Democrat , won about 80 percent of the vote in Philadelphia , beating President Bush by 412,000 votes here .
But Mr. Kerry won the state by only 144,000 votes .
Gov. Edward G. Rendell of Pennsylvania said Sunday that although he still expected Mr. Obama to win the state , he was “ nervous ” and had been on the phone “ screaming at Chicago , ” meaning the Obama headquarters , to send reinforcements .
Mrs. Clinton is due in Pittsburgh on Monday ; former President Bill Clinton is to stump for Mr. Obama across the state the same day .
Mr. McCain continues to devote his most precious resource , his time , to Pennsylvania .
He made three in - person pleas to voters in the eastern part of the state over the weekend and has planned a short rally for Monday at the Pittsburgh airport .
BANGOR , Me. —
It is not unusual for fans of Sarah Palin to shout out to the Alaska governor in the midst of her stump speeches .
It is noteworthy , however , that the crowds are heavily male .
“ You rock me out , Sarah , ” yelled one man , wearing a red- checked hunting jacket as Ms. Palin , the Republican vice presidential candidate , strode into an airplane hangar here on Thursday .
He held a homemade “ Dudes for Sarah ” sign and wore a National Rifle Association hat .
Kenny Loggins ’s “ Danger Zone ” blared over the loudspeakers , and the man even danced a little — yes , a guy in an N.R.A. hat dancing in a hangar , kind of a Sarah Palin rally thing .
“ I feel like I ’m at home , ” Ms. Palin said , looking out at a boisterous crowd of about 6,000 .
“ I see the Carhartts and the steel - toed boots , ” she said , the first reference being to a clothing brand favored by construction workers and the burly types who make up much of the “ Sarah Dude ” population .
“ You guys are great , ” she said while signing autographs .
Guys think Ms. Palin is great , too , or at least many of those who come to hear her .
They sometimes go to extraordinary lengths .
“ I woke up at 2 a .m. so I could get my work done before 6 and get here by 7 , ” said Mike Spencer , a chef from Dexter , Me. Mr. Spencer waited in the chilly hangar — in a “ Nobama ” T - shirt — for almost three hours .
President Trump successfully markets a fictional version of himself .
For years he has reaped immense rewards from that effort .
But then his hallmark combination ...
President Trump successfully markets a fictional version of himself .
For years he has reaped immense rewards from that effort .
But then his hallmark combination ...
President Trump and Democratic nominee Joe Biden will face off for the first time on Tuesday in what could be the most consequential debate of the 2020 ...
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
October 4 , 2008
In the months and years ahead , you will be required to fork over significantly higher taxes to pay not only for the putative bailout but also a passel of other globalist schemes , all designed to strip you of your wealth and turn you into another peon working on the globalist slave plantation now under construction .
Not only is the recently passed Banker Takeover bill larded up with pork , it also contains dictatorial provisions .
In addition to making former Goldman Sachs chairman and current Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson an economic czar — a provision completely at odds with the Constitution — the bill grants police state powers to the IRS .
Declan McCullagh writes for CNet :
The bailout bill also gives the Internal Revenue Service new authority to conduct undercover operations .
It would immunize the IRS from a passel of federal laws , including permitting IRS agents to run businesses for an extended sting operation , to open their own personal bank accounts with U.S. tax dollars , and so on .
McCullagh notes this is nothing new .
Beginning in 1988 , under the so - called Anti-Drug Abuse Act , the IRS began functioning as a secret police force , but this authority was temporary and intermittent .
In April of this year , senators Max Baucus ( D ) and Chuck Grassley ( R ) began an effort to make this authority permanent .
“ Undercover operations are an integral part of IRS efforts to detect and prove noncompliance .
The temporary status of this provision creates uncertainty , as the IRS plans its undercover efforts from year to year , ” the senators claimed .
Earlier this week , the provision was buried in the Banker Takeover bill and is now law .
“ There ’s another section of the bailout bill worth noting , ” McCullagh continues .
“ It lets the IRS give information from individual tax returns to any federal law enforcement agency investigating suspected ‘ terrorist ’ activity , which can , in turn , share it with local and state police .
Intelligence agencies such as the CIA and the National Security Agency can also receive that information . ”
The NSA , FBI , CIA , and military intelligence are less interested in “ terrorists ” than they are in domestic opposition to the government .
In fact , the CIA is in the business of creating terrorists and the FBI habitually has its agents and operatives pretend to be terrorists ( associated with the terrorist groups created by the CIA ) to ensnare non-terrorists .
The IRS worked with the FBI in the 1960s to go after antiwar and civil rights activists .
In 2005 , it “ warned one of Southern California ’s largest and most liberal churches that it is at risk of losing its tax - exempt status because of an antiwar sermon two days before the 2004 presidential election , ” according to the Los Angeles Times .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In the weeks and months ahead , there will be no shortage of Americans who will organize and protest against the banker takeover , especially as negative economic aspects begin to eat them alive .
As planned , the banker bailout will kick the devaluation of the dollar into hyperdrive as another few trillion dollars pile up on the already stupendous and destructive national debt .
China , Saudi Arabia , and other countries currently holding huge quantities of U.S. dollars and U.S. dollar - denominated debt are now beginning the shift away from the dollar into other currencies .
Russia is calling for an end to the dollar as the foundation of the global economy .
The result , as Dave Lindorff so aptly put it , will be that America will become “ a smoking ruin , with Americans , like Weimar Germans before them , going shopping with wheelbarrows full of worthless green paper to exchange for a few days ’ groceries . ”
In the meantime , however , millions of Americans will discover what the banksters are up to and will attempt to organize for change .
The banksters and their minions understand this full well and that is why they are installing their control grid at a record pace , systematically passing draconian legislation such as the Patriot Act , PDD51 , the Military Commissions Act , and soon enough the Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention Act .
It is no mistake a combat brigade , fresh from the killing field of Iraq , are now working with Northcom , once upon a time forbidden under the now moribund Posse Comitatus Act .
The IRS insertion in the bankster bill Bush signed into law is but yet another example .
Additionally , in the months and years ahead , you will be required to fork over significantly higher taxes to pay not only for the putative bailout but also a passel of other globalist schemes , all designed to strip you of your wealth and turn you into another peon working on the globalist slave plantation now under construction .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
January 2 , 2007
Death Be Not Proud
June 3 , 2013
Immediately after I posted this , I was alerted that black bears are tame compared to other bears .
Since then I 've decided I need a death - by - bear chart .
This more horrifying the way I 'm dying , the worse the bear I 'm going for .
And pandas and koalas are obviously off the list since neither are actually bears ( and do n't try that " drop bear " crap on me , Australians .
I 'm on to you ) .
-R .
©2001-2019 choochoobear( at)gmail.com
Can a Metallica album be too loud ?
The very thought might seem heretical to fans of the legendary metal band , which has been splitting eardrums with unrivaled power since the early 1980s .
But even though Metallica 's ninth studio release , " Death Magnetic , " is No. 1 on the album chart , with 827,000 copies sold in two weeks , some fans are bitterly ...
The GNOME user experience hackfest in Boston was a great way to spend the worst week in Wall St history !
Though there was n’t a lot of hacking , there was a LOT of discussion , and we covered a lot of ground .
There were at least 7 Canonical folks there , so it was a bit of a mini-sprint and a nice opportunity to meet the team at the same time .
We had great participation from a number of organisations and free spirits , there ’s a widespread desire to see GNOME stay on the forefront of usability .
Neil Patel of Canonical did a few mockups to try and capture the spirit of what was discussed , but I think the most interesting piece was n’t really possible to capture in a screenshot because it ’s abstract and conceptual – file and content management .
There ’s a revolution coming as we throw out the old “ files and folders ” metaphor and leap to something new , and it would be phenomenal if free software were leading the way .
I was struck by the number of different ways this meme cropped up .
We had superb presentations of “ real life support problems ” from a large - scale user of desktop Linux , and a persistent theme was “ where the hell did that file just go ? ”
People save an attachment they receive in email , and an hour later have no idea where to find it .
They import a picture into F - spot and then have no idea how to attach it to an email .
They download a PDF from the web , then want to read it offline and ca n’t remember where they put it .
Someone else pointed out that most people find it easier to find something on the Internet – through Google – than they do on their hard drives .
The Codethink guys also showed off some prototype experience work with Wizbit , which is a single - file version control system that draws on both Git and Bazaar for ideas about how you do efficient , transparent versioning of a file for online and offline editing .
We need to rearchitect the experience of “ working with your content ” , and we need to do it in a way that will work with the web and shared content as easily as it does locally .
My biggest concern on this front is that it be done in a way that every desktop environment can embrace .
We need a consistent experience across GNOME , KDE , OpenOffice and Firefox so that content can flow from app to app in a seamless fashion and the user ’s expectations can be met no matter which app or environment they happen to use .
If someone sends a file to me over Empathy , and I want to open it in Amarok , then I should n’t have to work with two completely different mental models of content storage .
Similarly , if I ’ve downloaded something from the web with Firefox , and want to edit it in OpenOffice , I should n’t have to be super - aware or super - smart to be able to connect the apps to the content .
So , IMO this is work that should be championed in a forum like FreeDesktop.org , where it can rise above some of the existing rivalries of desktop linux .
There ’s a good tradition of practical collaboration in that forum , and this is a great candidate for similar treatment .
At the end of the day , bling is less transformational than a fundamental shift in content management .
Kudos to the folks who are driving this !
Update : thanks mjg59 for pointing out my thinko .
The Collabora guys do great stuff , but Codethink does Wizbit .
This entry was posted on Saturday , October 25th , 2008 at 12:41 pm and is filed under free software .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
We saw the bullet - proof polo shirt a couple of weeks ago , but what if you get into a tangle with a taser - armed cop ?
No worries .
Get yourself one of these Thor Shield taser - proof vests and continue to enjoy that feeling of ( false ) invincibility .
The vests are available now for military and law enforcement agencies , but I would imagine it wo n’t be long before they hit the streets .
If you ca n’t wait , it should be possible to make one up yourself .
The patented lining is simply a conductive material with low resistance .
It ’s works on the principle that current will tend to follow the path of least resistance , flowing through the fabric to complete the circuit .
There must be some kind of material already out there with these properties .
Any ideas ?
Check out the video at Point Blank Solutions to see the Thor Shield material in action .
I especially like the guy with the taser - proof glove .
He ’s like a superhero .
Sources :
Thor Shield and Point Blank Solutions and The Register
But Mr. Zaman said he was furious with the government for not holding anyone responsible for the killing and wounding of civilians .
“ In Bajaur , innocent people are being killed as infidels , the dead cattle are lying on the road , the roads are tainted with the blood of the people who have been killed , ” he said .
On return trips in recent weeks , he said , his village was “ full of the rotten smell of dead animals . ”
“ Why not target the real people , the administration knows where they are , ” Mr. Zaman said .
In another ward , Amin Baacha , 13 , lay with only one arm , his right one had been amputated .
An army helicopter had circled his family ’s pickup truck as they were fleeing their village and fired on them , the boy said .
An Insurgent Sanctuary
At a briefing at army headquarters in Rawalpindi on Monday , the military said it believed that Fakir Mohammed , the leader of the Taliban in Bajaur , had taken sanctuary in the neighboring Mohmand district .
Another important commander , an Afghan Taliban , Qari Ziaur Rehman , had moved back to Afghanistan , it said .
From their side of the fighting in Bajaur , the Taliban have mounted a brutal show of intimidation , aided by money and deep support from across the border in Afghanistan and Mohmand , according to interviews with the displaced and with law enforcement and military officials .
Recently , the Taliban leader , Mr. Mohammed , stormed into a gathering of tribal leaders , arriving in a convoy of 20 vehicles , said Habib - ur Rehman , a trader from Bajaur who now lives in a camp for the displaced in Timergara in the district of Dir , just outside Bajaur .
Mr. Mohammed , who is described by the army as one of the most skilled Taliban tacticians , told the tribesmen , “ I ’m here to get you to stop the meeting .
If you do n’t stop , you will have a coffin over your heads , ’ ” Mr. Rehman recalled .
As far as commercial aviation goes , the recession is already starting to bite .
The International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) , the body that represents most of the world 's airlines , says that traffic declined 2.9 percent year over year in September , and does n't see the situation getting better anytime soon .
" It 's the first monthly drop we 've had since the 2003 SARS crisis , " Steve Lott of the IATA told Wired.com .
" And it 's happening across all markets simultaneously .
That 's concerning to us . "
IATA says that revenue passenger kilometers ( RPKs ) , a standard metric used to measure airline traffic , dropped in every region around the world excluding Latin America .
Load factor , the percentage of seats filled , dropped 4.4 percent .
Lott says that although airlines dramatically cut capacity this year to cope with oil prices , the strategy does n't seem to be filling planes as hoped .
" In the US especially , airlines were extremely aggressive in cutting capacity , " he says .
But it seems like this has been insufficient . "
" The deterioration in traffic is alarmingly fast paced and and widespread , " said IATA 's CEO Giovanni Bisignani after the September numbers were released .
" Even the good news that the oil price has fallen to half its July peak is not enough to offset the impact of the drop in demand . "
There are several elements of the current slowdown that have the IATA really freaked out .
One is the timing of the numbers .
They show that demand began weakening a full month before the brunt of the credit and stock market fiascos , and IATA anticipates that traffic will tumble further as the full impact of these events is felt .
Lott says a 7.7 percent decrease in year over year cargo traffic is also a big worry .
" Cargo is seen as a bit of a leading indicator , especially in Asia , " he says .
" Weakness in cargo does n't bode well for the larger economy . "
He adds that IATA currently is projecting a 2009 industry loss of
$ 4.1 billion , but that it will revise that number in December based on market conditions .
Interestingly , US airlines seem more optimistic about their prospects , at least in the short term .
Delta , AirTrain and others are reporting strong holiday bookings , and expect fuller flights thanks to capacity cuts earlier this year .
But Lott does n't see all that much to be cheerful about .
" The next few months are going to be tough , " he says .
" We 're in for a rough ride . "
* Photo by Flickr user stephenhanafin
*
Click either image for a gallery of the ( supposed ) 2010 Toyota Prius
We 're far from convinced that the image above is the 2010 Toyota Prius , but judging by the front detail pic and the interior shot , it could be the most accurate portrayal we 'll see before it 's unveiling in Detroit this January .
The pic , published over at PriusChat by bossdowner , shows a restyled front end that takes a few cues from recent ToMoCo offerings , including the bulbous badge housing , deeper air dam and recessed fog lamps .
The headlights are a nice touch , but we still have n't warmed up to the L - shaped design originally shown on the new Maxima and forthcoming 370Z
As for the interior , it 's a sea of bland in a dark gray plastic that would make the Germans proud .
However , we dig the raised center console with an integrated pass - through to access the 12 - volt outlet .
Check the gallery for more and let us know your thoughts in the comments .
Thanks for the tip Rafih .
How To Make Love Like A Zombie / Violet
Blue tells how to get it on like the living dead
If you 've ever been in San Francisco for one of our famous zombie flash mobs , then you know just how sexy the undead can be .
With no warning , often during business hours , a group of zombie and necrosexual wanna - bes moan , ooze and alluringly shuffle their way downtown looking for ... brains .
( And this being San Francisco , veggie zombies yearn for ... grains . )
It 's typically a heady orgy of the living dead in Union Square .
Everyone looks hot , or maybe a little cold , but you get my drift .
Take it from me :
These zombie mobs are hookup central .
As the zombies converge and convert the ( willing ) living into graveyard groupies , clothing gets torn , fake blood gets smeared on exposed flesh , girls and boys make yummy groaning noises , and the quest for brains typically takes them to the Apple store near Market Street .
It 's sexier than a hundred Exotic Erotics , a thousand dismembered mummy hands writing vampire erotica , dirtier than what those people do with pumpkins at homemade - sex - toys.com .
OK , so anything is sexier than a hundred Exotic Erotics .
Every Halloween , I 'm reminded of my friend who works in a local discount fabric store .
It never fails that a week before the 31st , co-eds start coming in looking for help with their costumes .
They tell her , " I want to be a nurse ... but sexy ! "
Or , " I want to be Cruella DeVille ... but sexy ! "
My friend finally regained hope for the human race when one day a young woman came in and said she wanted to be a cactus .
Until the customer added ... " But sexy ! "
I have a remedy for all of this .
They should really all go die .
Think about it ( while you still can ) .
When you 're a zombie , you 're just not in control of your urges .
Or the rips and tears in your clothing .
What you lack in speed and agility , you make up for in determination -- like looking for living morsels to wrap your lips around and nibble a little .
You have an innate " can - do " attitude , and you can " do " anyone who looks tasty .
Or slow .
Or injured .
Being a horny zombie makes the idea of playing with your food that much more appealing .
Kinky zombies can take all the lashings , paddlings and spankings they could n't stand back when they had pain receptors , and who cares if those handcuffs are cutting off your circulation when you have none ?
Nipple piercings , no problem !
Even autoerotic asphyxiation is a gas when your recently resurrected dominatrix tells you your safe word is " uuuunggghhhhhh . "
Hey , your body still works , sorta .
Whether you lost your life from a virus , supernatural forces , an evil mastermind / magician / overlord looking for minions , or just Satan , they can't take away how ( literally ) drop - dead sexy you 're going to look in a bloody bikini or disheveled business suit .
Just keep in mind that cunnilingus and fellatio may be a hazardous endeavor with those in states of advanced decay ( re : biting off more than you can chew , for reals ) , and " love bites " take on a whole new , more permanent meaning .
The great news is that safer sex is n't an issue ; you can't reproduce unless you spread your government - given reanimation virus , and HIV / AIDS or other sex plagues of the living are a distant memory ( like cheeseburgers ) .
But , just because you 're dead does n't mean you can forgo the LiquidSilk when you play " hide the bone " in any tight space : a good lubricant will not only make your first fisting a satisfying success , but it will actually allow you to keep your fist attached to your arm when you try to extricate your stuck , brittle body part out of your lover 's cold crevice .
But maybe coming out as a zombiesexual is n't yet within reach for your relationship .
Or perhaps you want to avoid the living hordes descending on San Francisco and whatever officially organized trainwreck the Castro - on - ice may or may not be this year -- or you do n't want your sexy cactus costume melted in the rain everyone 's predicting Friday night .
You need not ogle our local My Zombie Pin -Up Calendar 2009 or the Live Nude ZombiesXXX webcomic , and finger your flesh wounds all sad and alone while the ghouls get it on upstairs .
Sure , you could watch really bad zombie porn , but despite the truly pretty girls in " The Re- Penetrator " ( repenetrator.com ; linkNSFW ) , a hardcore undead flick might have you not simply rubbing one out , but accidentally rubbing one off .
At which point you 'll want to swap out your lube for superglue .
Since there has always been a strong sexual component in zombiecinema , I recommend my ten favorite zombie date movies , in noparticular order :
" Fido " ( 2006 ) The most romantic zombie movie ever made .
This is the film you watch when you want your sweetie to overlook the odors and occasional urges to eat her adorable little pug , and make an undead life together .
Long walks holding hands on the beach , yes -- as long as your hand stays attached .
" Night of the Living Dead " ( 1968 ) and " 28 DaysLater " ( 2002 )
Two truly scary iconic zombie flicks ; sadly no boobs or lesbian zombies here , but to get your honey wrapped around your rotting hulk during the scary scenes , these two masterpieces of zombie horror are a sure thing for getting you one step closer to that dismembered hand job you 're hoping for later .
" CemeteryMan " ( 1994 ) Existentialist zombie romance , with some pretty searing ( yet also somehow humorously awkward ) undead sex scenes to boot .
Rupert Everett portrays a zombie exterminator who falls for a luscious undead babe , and lust overcomes all once he decides he wants a piece of that hot zombie ass ( which really sounds icky now that I think about it ) .
" Shaun of the Dead " ( 2004 ) Romance between the living can get the amour flowing too , and this splatstick comedy pits Brit slacker ( OK , loser ) lifestyles against a zombie epidemic .
In the end , we see that nothing repairs a broken relationship like smashing in mindless craniums side by side .
Awww .
" MyBoyfriend 's Back " ( 1993 ) Like the original " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " movie , this 1990s high school love story 's black humor is as dry as dirt on a coffin , and is an underrated sleeper classic .
You know the story : Boy loves girl , boy dies saving girl , boy returns from dead to take girl to prom .
Parents make sure he eats OK .
Hilarity ensues .
" PlanetTerror " ( 2007 ) Sex , blood , terror , zombies , a sexually violent Quentin Tarantino getting a ' nard - ectomy , and Hottie McHot Rose McGowan with a machine gun for a leg -- if you want to get what 's left of everyone 's juices flowing , this is the high - quality zombie softcore experience .
Watch it with " ResidentEvil " ( 2002 ) and you might just get to know what the French mean by " the little death " by midnight .
" Dead and Breakfast " ( 2004 ) Produced and made locally ( filmed mostly in Livermore ) , this incredibly hilarious zombie ancient - curse spoof is the kind of undead flick to watch when laughter is what 'll get you rubbing your cold bits together later .
Plus , it 's layered with so many pop culture references -- oh , and if 34 gallons of " blood " ( the amount used during shooting ) does n't get your zombie on , I do n't know what will .
" Zombie Strippers ! " ( 2008 )
Oh , it 's bad .
Really , really bad .
But for B - movie boobage and undead bazoombas on a man-eating rampage , the Jenna Jameson non-crossover vehicle delivers a zombievirus outbreak in a strip club , turning the dancers into " Super ZombieStrippers " and is about as gratuitous as it gets .
Eminently worth it if only to see the scene where Jameson delivers a line by Nietzsche .
If that does n't make your date 's heart stop beating , I do n't know what else will .
And if hot zombie sex is n't your cup of brains , I have but one piece of advice for you : Stay away from the hot dead girl .
She wo n't take no for an answer .
Violet Blue is a Forbes " Web Celeb " , notorious blogger ( Laughing Squid ) , high - profile tech personality and one of Wired 's " Faces of Innovation . "
She writes for outlets ranging from Forbes.com to O , The Oprah Magazine .
She is regarded as the foremost expert in the field of sex and technology , a sex- positive pundit in mainstream media ( CNN , The Oprah Winfrey Show ) and is interviewed , quoted and featured prominently by major media outlets .
Violet has many award - winning , best - selling books , a famous podcast , is fun to follow on Twitter , and is a San Francisco native .
Blue headlines at conferences ranging from ETech , The Forbes Internet Leadership Conference , LeWeb and SXSW : Interactive , to Google Tech Talks at Google , Inc .
Her tech site is Techyum ; her audio and e-books are at Digita Publications .
For more information and links to Web sites discussed in Open Source Sex , go to Violet Blue 's Web site , tinynibbles.com .
McCain needed drama to shake up the campaign .
Reminds me of Bob Dole ’s dramatic decision to resign from the Senate back in 1996 .
That worked , huh ?
And , yes , it ’s a stunt .
Check out this statement from Obama ’s spokesman , Bill Burton :
At 8:30 this morning , Senator Obama called Senator McCain to ask him if he would join in issuing a joint statement outlining their shared principles and conditions for the Treasury proposal and urging Congress and the White House to act in a bipartisan manner to pass such a proposal .
At 2:30 this afternoon , Senator McCain returned Senator Obama ’s call and agreed to join him in issuing such a statement .
The two campaigns are currently working together on the details .
Yeah , the two campaigns were working together , well , except for McCain ’s campaign .
They were working on a stunt , which was unveiled at approximately 2:50 p.m. McCain is sooo above the political fray .
If this was so important , why did n’t McCain suspend his campaign NOW and head back to the Capitol ASAP ?
Instead , he ’s waiting til tomorrow — and , not just tomorrow , but tomorrow after he speaks at the Clinton Global Initiative .
So , for McCain , the crisis is important enough to bag the debate on Friday , but not important enough to head back to the Senate immediately .
Then again , Bush had to finish reading “ My Pet Goat ” on September 11th and stayed on vacation during Katrina .
So why should McCain have to miss the Clinton event and possibly not get his picture taken with Bono later today ?
These guys have their priorities during crises .
Make no mistake :
This is a stunt from an increasingly desperate campaign — a campaign that does n’t have a clue about the economy .
The Washington Post / ABC
News poll showing a nine - point Obama lead must be similar to McCain ’s internal polling .
One other thing — Could CNN ’s Dana Bash be a bigger suck up to McCain ?
My god , she just spews out their spin .
She almost makes NBC ’s Kelly O’Donnell look like a real reporter .
As someone who is fascinated by the systematic analysis of health risk data I sometimes look at the health pages and try to work out what they 're supposed to do .
This week , for example , you 'll have found : " Teenager helps his twin brother by donating a piece of his back " ; " Taking antibiotics to prevent premature birth can ' increase risk ' of cerebral palsy " ; " Why drinking water to shed weight is a waste of time " ; and " More men suffering from ' Manorexia ' , health experts warn " .
Are people clipping these stories out , and pasting them in indexed files , ready for the day when they develop the condition in question ?
And how will they know if the data is complete , or just an arbitrary patchwork of newsworthy and self - serving information , multiply filtered through a range of imperfect agents with diverse interests and allegiances ?
In fact , how does anybody know that ?
This week the media ignored a study looking at that exact question .
It was also one of the most important papers to be published this year : only one in five trials on cancer treatment actually gets published ; the rest are missing in action .
And it gets worse : only 5.9 % of industry - sponsored trials on cancer treatment get published .
Later , it will get worse again .
For decades people have known that negative results tend not to get printed in academic journals , and it can happen for all kinds of reasons : they 're not newsworthy , they 're not much fun to write up , they do n't look good on your CV , and they might not flatter your idea or product .
One suggestion which I bang on about incessantly is that all clinical trials should be registered before they begin : then people stand a chance of noticing if and when a trial goes missing in action .
This took about 20 years to be put into practice .
But there is a problem : who will chase up the missing studies ?
Scott Ramsey , from the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle , and John Scoggins , of the University of Washington , Seattle , took on the role of investigative journalists .
In a world where not one person from the world of alternative therapies can bring themselves to criticise even vitamin pill entrepreneur Matthias Rath for his dangerous practices in South Africa - indeed some still support him , as we may soon see - critical self - appraisal is simply business as usual in academia .
They went to clinicaltrials.gov , the register run by the US National Institute for Health , and found all the trials on cancer : 2,028 in total .
Then they went to Pubmed.gov , the searchable database containing almost all the medical journals .
The majority were missing .
Only 17.6 % were published , but 64.5 % of those reported positive results .
How impressive .
Meanwhile , only 5.9 % of industry - sponsored trials were published , but in those 5.9 % , golly did they do well : 75 % gave positive results .
We may never know what was in that unpublished data , but those missing numbers will cost lives in quantities larger than any emotive health story covered in any newspaper .
Doctors need negative data to make prescribing decisions .
Academics need to know which ideas have failed , so they can work out what to study next , and which to abandon .
In their own way , academic journals are exactly as selective as the tabloid health pages .
God help us all .
UPDATED 6:45 p.m. : Added NASA ’s comment
UPDATED 8:00 p.m. : Added Google ’s comment
A company controlled by Google ’s top executives , including its billionaire founders , Larry Page and Sergey Brin , appears to have added a new plane to its well - equipped fleet : a fighter jet , or more precisely a Dornier Alpha Jet .
According to Wikipedia , the Alpha Jet is a a light attack jet and advanced trainer aircraft manufactured by Dornier of Germany and Dassault - Breguet of France .
The last time we checked on H211 L.L.C. , the company that operates the private jets owned and used by Mr. Page , Mr. Brin and the chief executive , Eric Schmidt , was in October 2007 .
The company had just added a Boeing 757 to a fleet that already included a refurbished Boeing 767 and two Gulfstream V’s .
All four planes had landing rights at Moffett Field , the NASA operated airfield that is a stone ’s throw from the Google campus .
On Thursday , The Mountain View Voice reported the existence of the fighter jet , which it said had been spotted at Moffett Field .
Federal aviation records confirm that H211 L.L.C. has registered a Dornier Alpha Jet made in 1982 .
Google , which does not own any of the airplanes and has no relationship with H211 LLC , said that like the other planes , the Alpha Jet is being outfitted with scientific instruments for NASA missions , including instruments that the other planes could not carry .
“ Because of the type of aircraft we are talking about , NASA now has the ability to do even more than they could before , ” said Matt Furman , a Google spokesman .
Ken Ambrose , a vice president of H211 L.L.C. , could not be reached for comment .
After The New York Times filed a Freedom of Information Act request with NASA , the agency released documents related to the lease agreement between NASA and H211 LLC .
In an e-mail message Thursday , Dolores Beasley , a NASA spokeswoman , said : “ The agreement was amended to support a recent science mission — observation of the re-entry of the European Space Agency ’s ‘ Jules Verne ’ Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) .
Additional amendments are in progress in regards to the Alpha jet . ”
It is not clear who exactly owns or flies the fighter jet .
Mr. Schmidt is an avid pilot .
If the top Googlers indeed own the fighter jet , they would not be the first Silicon Valley moguls with such luxury toys .
Oracle ’s chief executive , Larry Ellison , has owned several aircraft , including fighter jets .
Presumably no attacks on Microsoft are planned at this time .
See a follow - up post on what NASA has to say about its plans for the jet .
The House of Lords today drew stark attention to the conflict between sharia and UK law , calling the Islamic legal code " wholly incompatible " with human rights legislation .
The remarks came as the Lords considered the case of a woman who , if she was sent back to Lebanon , would be obliged under sharia law to hand over custody of her 12 - year - old son to a man who beat her , threw her off a balcony and , on one occasion , attempted to strangle her .
The woman was seeking asylum in the UK to avoid the provisions of sharia law that give fathers or other male family members the exclusive custody of children over seven .
In the most high - profile UK criticism of the family law provisions of sharia law so far , the Lords stated that these provisions breached the mother 's rights to family life and the right against discrimination and were severely disruptive to the child .
The comments followed months of debate over the appropriateness of incorporating sharia courts into the UK 's legal system .
Such a move has been advocated by figures including the Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , and Lord Phillips , the new senior law lord .
The minister for community cohesion , Sadiq Khan , a Muslim , said recently that sharia courts risked entrenching unequal bargaining power between the sexes .
Sharia courts have been delivering judgments in the UK since last year , and currently operate in London , Birmingham , Bradford , Coventry and Manchester , with plans to expand into Scotland .
Formally classified as arbitration tribunals , their decisions are legally binding and can be enforced by county courts and high courts provided that both sides in a case agree to have the matter decided under the sharia system .
One of the most controversial areas in which the network of sharia courts is already operating is family law , including divorce and domestic violence .
Ruling that the woman should not be returned to Lebanon , Lord Hope said " the mutual enjoyment by parent and child of each other 's company is a fundamental element of family life " .
" The fact is , however , that sharia law as it is applied in Lebanon was created by and for men in a male - dominated society , " he added .
" The place of the mother in the life of a child under that system is quite different under that law from that which is guaranteed [ by the European convention on human rights ] ... it is discriminatory , too , because it denies women custody of their children after they have reached the age of custodial transfer simply because they are women . "
Lord Bingham , a former senior law lord , added that , as a result of the provisions , " women are often constrained to remain in abusive marriages for fear of losing their children " .
He criticised the provisions of sharia law for automatically giving custody to " a father who has inflicted physical violence and psychological injury on the mother " .
Although the court , which ruled 5 - 1 that the woman and her son should be allowed to remain in the UK , said the case was " exceptional " , it is anticipated that the decision will set a precedent for future cases .
The human rights group Liberty , which intervened in the case , said the ruling " upheld basic protections which must be available to us all " .
Art for Carnivores
Mothers are always telling their children not to play with their food .
In this case , that message clearly fell upon deaf ears .
These meat - made gadgets gives a whole new meaning to having fun with your food !
I ’m not sure what is to be gained by refashioning your pork and ham into an iPod or a mobile phone , but obviously someone , somewhere , got a thrill out of doing exactly that .
Really , all that ’s left to say here is that the excessive use of fat and rind makes these pieces look even less appetizing !
-
Waste not , want not I suppose .
Bush protesters get $ 50,000 state settlement
DES MOINES , Iowa - State records show that a $ 50,000 judgment has been awarded to two retired school teachers who were strip - searched during a 2004 campaign stop by President Bush .
The State Appeal Board recently approved the out - of - court settlement for Alice McCabe and Christine Nelson .
They brought a claim against the Iowa Department of Public Safety after two state troopers arrested them at a rally in Cedar Rapids in September 2004 .
The charges were later dropped .
In June , a federal jury awarded the women $ 750,000 on their claim that their constitutional rights were violated .
Authorities have said the women were arrested because they refused to obey reasonable security restrictions at the rally , but the women claimed they were taken into custody because they had a dissenting opinion from the Bush administration .
McCabe and Nelson argued successfully that their constitutional rights to free speech , assembly and freedom from unreasonable arrest and search were violated during the 2004 incident .
The settlement payout was included in a State Appeal Board preliminary report that detailed more than $ 9.1 million in settlements and judgments the panel approved during fiscal 2008 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) - Crude futures closed at their lowest level in eight months Monday , as concerns over the health of the global economy and a historic drop in the U.S. stock market pushed prices for crude below the $ 88 - per - barrel level .
" As the financial and economic crisis spreads , oil prices continue to trade on the bad economic news , " said James Williams , economist at WTRG Economics .
" Buying oil futures is like trying to catch a falling knife . "
“ ' Buying oil futures is like trying to catch a falling knife . ' ” — James Williams , WTRG Economics
Crude for November delivery closed at $ 87.81 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , down $ 6.07 , or 6.5 % .
It traded as low as $ 87.80 .
Prices have n't seen levels this low since Feb .
7 .
Year to date , crude futures are down 8.5 % after closing at $ 95.98 at the end of last year .
In electronic trading on Globex , however , November crude climbed back up to $ 89.45 as of 3:30 p.m. EDT .
Crude prices tested support at the $ 87 level and are going through a " recovery rally " in electronic trading , said Darin Newsom , DTN senior analyst .
The climb is " not that surprising given the magnitude of Monday 's selloff . "
Other energy futures closed sharply lower on Nymex Monday , with natural gas losing 7.1 % .
During Monday 's regular trading session , oil prices continued their decline " with pessimism still haunting global markets and investors still pulling money out of commodities , " said Andrey Kryuchenkov , analyst at Sucden Research , in a note .
" Fears that global economic activity is slowing down have captivated markets in the past weeks and until equities start consolidating or until we see some positive economic data , volatility is likely to persist , " he said .
Last week , crude futures ended with a loss of more than 12 % .
Traders have been worrying in recent months that a slowdown in global economic growth will lead to a sharp slowdown in demand for oil .
Woes spread
The unprecedented crisis for European banks deepened severely over the weekend , leading to new rescue packages for a pair of institutions as Germany joined the roster of countries to guarantee bank deposits .
Read more .
And on Monday , Asian markets dived , with most indexes falling 4 % or more .
See Asia Markets .
" It is now clear that that Asia and China in particular is not insulated from the problems of the West , " Williams said in emailed comments .
" That means lower demand for construction materials and the energy that is used in their manufacture and transportation . "
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped as much as 800 points Monday , to fall below the 10,000 mark for the first time in nearly four years .
See Market Snapshot .
Last Friday , Congress granted final approval for a revised $ 700 billion financial - rescue plan .
President Bush signed the measure into law .
See full story .
But the law itself might " not be enough to unlock the credit markets , which is what is needed for a real improvement in economic outlook , and thus oil demand , " said Rachel Ziemba , analyst at RGE Monitor .
" The underlying weakness in the U.S. economy as evidence by record job losses , still falling housing prices , mean that the $ 700 billion may not be enough as buying the assets at today 's fair value would leave the banks undercapitalized , " she said in recently emailed comments .
In currency trading , the dollar made gains at the expense of the euro , which plunged after a weekend meeting of European Union leaders failed to produce a consensus on how to deal with renewed banking - sector turmoil .
See Currencies .
The U.S. financial - rescue plan " will take time to work , if it does work , " said Thomas Hartmann , an analyst at Altavest Worldwide Trading , in emailed comments .
" In the mean time , businesses will still face trouble securing credit and the general public will remain fearful , causing spending to slow and inventories to drop . "
Too fast , too far
But the prices seen in the oil markets last week had " more to do with an overall correction of the oil markets , which started months ago , than with the legislative events , " said Bob Tull , managing director at MacroMarkets .
In the last year , the price of oil had increased dramatically , spiking atop $ 147 a barrel on July 11 , he said in emailed comments .
And in the last three months , oil futures prices have fallen below $ 100 , though that 's still above where they were two years ago , he said .
This correction has been " due to the ' bursting ' of the oil bubble , " he said .
Oil actually rallied " under false pretenses " earlier this year , said Phil Flynn , a vice president at Alaron Trading .
Traders thought it might be a safe haven away from the credit crisis , and the assumption was that it was a U.S. problem , the dollar would remain weak and global demand for oil would remain strong , he said .
Ziemba said oil prices rose too far and too fast earlier this year -- and went beyond the level dictated by fundamentals .
" Oil 's fall came as part of a broader reassessment of the global , not just U.S. , outlook and recognition that global demand growth for oil would be lower than expected , " she said .
Still , there may be a floor for oil prices around $ 75 to $ 80 , " given the marginal costs of production , " she said .
Elsewhere on Nymex Monday , prices for petroleum products followed crude prices lower .
November reformulated gasoline fell 16.9 cents , or 7.6 % , to close at $ 2.0591 a gallon and November heating oil dropped 18.8 cents , or 7.1 % , to finish at $ 2.474 a gallon .
Natural gas sinks
But natural gas was the biggest loser in the energy sector Monday .
November natural gas closed 7.1 % lower , down 52.3 cents at $ 6.835 per million British thermal units on Nymex .
Natural - gas futures have n't fallen below $ 7 since last December .
" Just three months ago we were paying $ 14 [ per million British thermal units ] for natural gas , " said Ben Smith , president of First Enercast Financial .
" Those high prices put domestic production into overdrive . "
Total natural gas supply this year is almost 3 billion cubic feet per day higher than last year , he said .
And " once you factor in current expectations of mild weather and a weakening economy , it appears that supply will easily surpass demand . "
On Thursday , the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported an 87 billion - cubic - foot climb in natural - gas supplies in storage for the week ended Sept. 26 .
The supply increase came even with 3.4 billion cubic feet per day offline in the Gulf of Mexico because of Hurricane Ike , said WTRG 's Williams .
" If that had been produced , it would have added another 24 BCF to storage . "
Also on the commodity markets , gold futures closed 4 % higher as investors sought a safe haven amid the global financial crisis .
See Metals Stocks .
Corn futures dropped more than 6 % .
See Food Futures .
The online game Maplestory has gained in popularity around the world
A woman has been arrested in Japan after she allegedly killed her virtual husband in a popular video game .
The 43 - year - old was reportedly furious at finding herself suddenly divorced in the online game Maplestory .
Police say she illegally accessed log - in details of the man playing her husband , and killed off his character .
The woman , a piano teacher , is in jail in Sapporo waiting to learn if she faces charges of illegally accessing a computer and manipulating data .
She was arrested on Wednesday and taken 620 miles ( 1,000 km ) from her home in southern Miyazaki to Sapporo - where her " husband " , a 33 - year - old office worker lives .
If charged with the offences , and convicted , she faces up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 5,000 .
' So angry '
A Sapporo police official , according to the Associated Press news agency , said the woman had used the man 's ID and password to log in to the game last May to carry out the virtual murder .
" I was suddenly divorced , without a word of warning .
That made me so angry , " she was quoted by the official as telling investigators .
Maplestory is a Korean - made game , which has grown in popularity around the world but has a strong fan base in the Far East .
The game centres on defeating monsters , but players can also engage in social activities and relationships - including marriages - through their digital characters , called avatars .
Popular Mechanics announced its picks for the 2008 Breakthrough Awards awards in what the publication called The 10 Most Brilliant Gadets of the Year .
Here 's the list of international winners ; you may be surprised at the gadgets on the list .
1. Microsoft Phyotosynth
If you have n't heard about " synthing , " you have n't been following what 's happening in photographic software .
This free downloadable product from Microsoft actually rummages through your still photos , finds the ones you took at the same locale or of the same person , and arranges your shots for you .
Wait ...
The Photosynth software arranges the shots in a browsable 3 - D format , so you can see and share photos in 3D !
Visit Photosynth for more information .
2. Spore
The much anticipated Sport video game did not disappoint .
Actually , Spore has grown and before you know it , Spore will have more episodes than Seinfeld .
Available in PC , Mac , Nintendo and mobile applications , Spore players get to populate and take over new universes with each game .
Popular Mechanic says the attraction to Spore is that players get to create their own characters to interact with each other , rather than relying on stock characters stored in an animation library .
Sound like fun !
For more information visit Spore or Amazon .
3. Amazon Kindle
You can read almost any popular book , newspapers from all over the world , or Internet blogs from Amazon 's Kindle reader .
You can read the Kindle anywhere ; it 's wireless , but there are no wireless fees .
Instead of WiFi , Kindle uses EDVO like the advanced cell phones , so you do n't have to search for a hot spot .
Carry this 10.3 ounce gadget with you and you 'll always have something to read .
You can even purchase more reading material directly from the Kindle .
Catch more than 5,000 customer reviews on the Amazon Kindle .
4. Livescribe Pulse Smartpen
5. Craftsman Nextec Multi-Saw
The Livescribe Smartpen lets you combine voice recording with note - taking , and if you 've ever been a student or an interviewer , you know you need both .
With PC software ( only works with PC right now ) , a special notepad , and of course the Smartpen , you can take notes with the internal recorder picking up the sound at the same time .
When transferring your notes to the PC , you can tap the Smartpen on your notes to get the audio pertinent to those specific notes !
Want to read more about it ?
Visit Livescribe or Amazon.com
This 12 - volt saw is a " new breed of saw , " according to Popular Mechanics gadget pickers .
It 's both a jigsaw and a reciprocating saw that " gets into tight spots , powers through touch jobs and can operate at 2000 strokes per minute .
Learn more about the Craftsman Nextec Multi-Saw at Craftsman .
6. Potenco PCG1 Power Generator
The PCG1 is a power generator for small gadgets like cell phones , GPS devices , and MP3 players .
It is powered by human energy , making zero toes on a carbon footprint .
Pull the cord for a minute , store the power on the PVG1 NiMh battery and convert your energy into 20 minutes of cell phone talk time .
Read more at Potenco , Powering Endless Possibilities .
7. Nissan Around View Monitor
Nissan 's new navigation system enables the driver to see the surroundings of his car as he parks ... all sides , 360 degrees around your car in one view .
Using cameras positioned on all four sides of the car , Nissan 's system synthesizes all views into one on the navigation screen .
The things that are possible !
8. M-Spector Digital Inspection Camera
If you 've ever had to break through a big patch of drywall in your home just to find out what was on the other side , you will love this M - Spector Digital Inspection Camera .
The LED - lens is at the end of a three foot cable .
Send it into a small hole and rotate it ,
The lens will pick up what 's behind the wall and beam it back to the 2.4 inch LCD .
It will help the pros and the DIYers to find leaks , trace wiring , and maybe even see the trail of your TV cable wire !
Find out more about it at Milwaukee Tool or buy it on Amazon .
9. Intel Atom Processor
Do n't let the size of the above picture fool you , the Intel Atom Processor is not called " Atom " for nothing .
It has 47 million transistors on one 26 x 26 millimeter chip !
Intel intends to use this little tyke in a new generation of mobile phone - computers and maybe automobiles ( just kidding about the cars ) , for even greater potential .
For more information go straight to the Atom at Intel .
10 . Caroma Profile Smart Dual Flush Toilet
Here 's a great idea for conserving water -- a toilet with a built - in sink .
Wash up and then the water gets reused to move waste in the toilet .
( Let 's hope the flow does n't get mixed up . )
The Caroma toilet is only available in Australia now , but is scheduled to come to North American in 2009 .
Steve Levenstein has published a whole blog about this eco-friendly toilet ; read more about his experience with it here .
Popular Mechanics has short videos of these Brilliant Gadgets of 2008 on its site !
Above photos are from Popular Mechanics .
Sources : Popular Mechanics and company websites ( linked above ) .
: : : : : : : : : :
Bill Kristol on Fox News Sunday , he just unloads on the McCain Campaign .
I ca n’t think of any adjective he did n’t cover , he made sure he got “ stupid and flailing ” in there .
Update : Glenn Greenwald post on Bill Kristol .
Though McCain did n’t bring it up in the debate , since then , the campaign has followed Kristol ’s advice , talking about Ayers more than any other single topic .
But now that it is conclusively clear that these attacks are failing – that they are actually backfiring and making Obama more popular and McCain and Palin more unpopular – Kristol went on Fox News this morning and attacked the McCain campaign for running what he called a “ stupid campaign ” and “ a pathetic campaign ” because the attacks “ have n’t worked ” and they ’re “ doing things that do n’t work and they keep doing them ” – without ever bothering to mention that he , Kristol , just last week , was one of the loudest and most vocal advocates for relying on these character attacks against Obama .
That ’s typical Bill Kristol – not only chronically wrong about everything , but far worse , completely incapable of acknowledging mistakes .
He just suppresses them , pretends they do n’t exist , and in that regard is the perfect face for the right - wing movement that is dying a painful , harsh and profoundly well - deserved death in front of everyone ’s eyes .
What we ’re seeing in this video is just the start of the angry recriminations in this movement as they seek to blame each other for what has happened .
Australia 's oldest person has celebrated her 112th birthday in Melbourne today .
Emily Beatrice ' Bea ' Riley was born in 1896 in the Gippsland dairy town of Poowong .
She will mark her birthday with a small gathering at her Rosanna nursing home later today .
Mrs Riley has seen two appearances of Halley 's Comet , the Federation of Australia , and watched man land on the moon .
She is listed as the 30th oldest person in the world .
She is also part of a select group known as supercentarian , a person who reaches 110 .
Another Victorian woman turns 112 in December but Mrs Riley is the oldest documented person .
Australians now have the world 's second - longest life expectancy after Japan .
Obama tells 175,000 supporters : change is coming Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 18 , 2008
Print This Email This KANSAS CITY , Missouri ( AFP )  Democrat Barack Obama said Saturday the winds of change were blowing across America as he roused monster crowds totalling more than 175,000 in the Republican " red " state of Missouri .
Republican John McCain , fighting a rearguard offensive before the November 4 presidential election , insisted that Obama 's economic plan would " kill " job creation as the United States weathers its worst financial crisis in decades .
" At least in Europe , the Socialist leaders who so admire my opponent are upfront about their objectives , " he said in his weekly radio address .
But the Democrat , who is riding high in national and state polls , said McCain was positing false arguments including via automated " robo - calls " to voters that portray Obama as a secret radical bent on subverting democracy .
Missouri voted for Republican President George W. Bush in both the last two elections , but Obama said " the winds are blowing for change across America " as he campaigned in the state metropolises of St Louis and Kansas City .
" They 're blowing in Kansas , they 're blowing in Missouri , they 're blowing in North Carolina , they 're blowing in Virginia , they 're blowing in Ohio , " he said , reeling off a list of states that all backed Bush in 2004 and 2000 .
Police said the crowd in St Louis numbered at least 100,000 -- Obama 's biggest yet in the United States , second overall only to the 200,000 who saw him speak in Berlin in July .
The Kansas City crowd was more than 75,000 .
The gigantic attendance numbers were testimony to Obama 's oratorical pulling power and boded well for his flipping a state , Missouri , from red to Democratic " blue . "
At rallies in North Carolina and Virginia , two other red states now very much in play , McCain once again invoked Ohio plumber Samuel " Joe " Wurzelbacher , a new hero of conservatives after challenging Obama on taxes .
" Joe 's dream is to own a small business that will create jobs in his community , and the attacks on him are an attack on small businesses all over the country , " McCain said as a harsh media spotlight turns on Wurzelbacher .
Joe the Plumber and low taxes have become McCain 's latest campaign motifs as the 72 - year - old Republican vies to resuscitate his flagging White House hopes on the final stretch to the election .
Obama was ahead of McCain by 50 percent to 42 percent in Saturday 's Gallup national tracking poll .
In the Rasmussen tracking poll , the Democrat was up 50 percent to 45 .
But Obama , 47 , reiterated his message of recent days that supporters should not get " cocky . "
" Democrats have a way of snatching defeat from the jaws from victory .
You can't let up .
You can't pay too much attention to the polls .
We 've got to keep running through that finish line , " he said .
The Democrat noted McCain was describing his own plans for middle - class tax relief as government " welfare " that would take money from the rich to give to the poor .
" The only ' welfare ' in this campaign is John McCain 's plan to give another 200 billion dollars in tax cuts to the wealthiest corporations in America ... that 's who John McCain is fighting for , " he said .
" But we can't afford four more years like the last eight .
George Bush and John McCain are out of ideas , they are out of touch , and if you stand with me , in 17 days they will be out of time . "
McCain is stepping up an offensive on Obama 's ties to former 1960s radical William Ayers with " robo " phone calls in swing states that also accuse the Democrat of supporting the killing of babies born alive in abortions .
McCain 's opponents unleashed robo - call smears when he was up against Bush for the Republican nomination in 2000 , and even party colleagues such as Maine Senator Susan Collins say the tactic smacks of desperation this time .
" It 's despicable , especially coming from John McCain , " Obama campaign spokeswoman Linda Douglass told AFP .
But the McCain campaign insisted the attack calls were rooted in fact and said Obama was hoodwinking voters over his past .
7:04 CT : They all did their over the top introductions and thank yous to the moderators .
7:08 CT : " We should n't be in this situation , but we are , " Al Franken
7:13 CT : Here comes an unusual quote from Norm Coleman : " You 're not going to generate hope if you 're constantly destroying the other side . "
I thought Barack Obama was all about hope , Norm .
7:15 CT : " We have people who have lost 2 trillion dollars in retirement , " Dean Barkley .
7:16 CT : Barkley first ran in 1992 and brought up the fact that Social Security was broke .
Barkley says " [ he ] has been railing against Social Security since " because it is broke .
7:17 CT : " I would bring AARP into the discussion ... if we get them to buy in we can fix [ Social Security ] , " - Dean Barkley .
7:18 CT : Franken says that " Norm Coleman wanted to put the Social Security trust fund in the stock market .
Can you imagine if we did that . "
Franken essentially wants to push back the Social Security issue to a later date .
Social Security will remain solvent until " 2040 something " , but " we should not put the money in the stock market . "
7:20 CT : Norm Coleman just called Al Franken " Alvin . "
7:21 CT : " If we can put the partisan politics aside , we can , we have to get this done .
We have to have the political courage to move forward , " responds Norm Coleman .
7:22 CT : " I just saw the Texas two step , you side stepped the question , " says Dean Barkley in his one minute rebuttal .
" The longer we wait the longer the draconian issue [ of Social Security ] will be . "
7:23 CT : Franken jumps on the no new FICO fees bandwagon for anybody making less than 250,00 .
7:25 CT : " We can do a lot of fighting , " on any issue , but " its the bipartisan way that fixes things .
That 's what [ Norm Coleman ] has done . "
7:27 CT : " It would be a GRAVE mistake to use military force against Iran , as we did in Iraq .
Senator Coleman and I disagree on this . "
Franken 's sole objective seems to be linking Norm to all things Republican .
Norm seems to be trying to link himself to both parties , and Dean Barkley is running as the anti-party candidate .
7:28 CT : Apparently Norm thinks that if Iran gets a Nuclear weapon " Egypt will buy one . "
If it were that easy Iran would already have purchased a Nuclear weapon .
7:30 CT : If 85 Senators vote against a bill that 's probably a pretty good indication that it was a bad bill Mr. Coleman .
7:31 CT : " Iran is supporting terrorism , " which is why Dean Barkley thinks Iran is of concern .
" Make sure nobody can get their hands on the stockpile of Nuclear fuel and weapons .
We should talk to Russia as a safeguard . "
7:32 CT : Franked responded : " Military action should not be used .
Iran has been strengthened because of US involvement in the Iraq war .
We need to talk to Iran , using patient diplomacy .
We need to end the cowboy foreign policy of the Bush administration . "
7:33 CT : Norm replied by stating that " This is a problem for the whole world not just the United States .
We cannot take military action off the table , but we also need to use diplomacy ... Lets make ourselves energy independent and end our dependency on foreign oil . "
7:34 CT : " We cannot allow Iran to get nukes ; we need to safeguard the nuclear stockpiles throughout the world , not just Iran , " responded Barkley .
7:35 CT : Franken started ragging on Coleman because of a provision in a bill that had something to do with securing our reports after 9/11 that Norm voted for .
Norm chimed in and said " Minnesota needs to decide if they want a Maverick or somebody who gets things done .
I want to be measured by what I 've done .
I 'm tired of playing gotcha . "
7:36 CT : Still on the topic of nuclear sovereignty Barkley stated that " there is a need to discuss the role of the US in the world ... We have to much debt and our military budget is too large .
We should put our efforts into Afghanistan . "
7:37 CT : " I guess maybe I 'm just a Maverick , " Franken sarcastically retorted .
7:38 CT : In regard to the 6.2 % unemployment in Minnesota Norm responded by stating that " the housing is a critical crisis piece , so more effort to bring stability in the housing market [ is needed ] .
We have to decrease our dependence on foreign oil and we should not raise taxes . "
7:39 CT : " We could have been [ studying stem cells ] in the last seven years in Rochester , instead of spending money on Iraq " proclaims Franken .
7:40 CT : One of the Moderator stated that he has is " running a cold . "
7:41 CT : Barkley has repeatedly said that he " hopes the 700 billion bailout works . "
He does not seem confident .
" Our economy is consumer driven .
Until public confidence turnarounds around our economy will not turnaround . "
7:41 CT : Norm Coleman on the economy : " You ca n't talk about it you have to do it .
We passed , in this last bill a wind energy tax break , Franken would have voted against it . "
7:44 CT : " The bailout should have passed on its own merit , it did not need [ to contain ] wind power ; " Franken then went on to link himself to Obama .
7:45 CT : Barkley : " I was a key player in the homeland security bill .
I did n't spend any money when I was [ in the Senate ] ; Norm , you got me the money . "
7:47 CT : " I agree with Barack Obama , " Al seems to know the correlation between Obama 's support and his own .
7:49 CT : " 40 % of that debt has occurred under your watch , Norm , " Dean Barkley is positioning himself as very fiscally responsible candidate .
He 's hanging his hat on responsible spending .
7:51 CT : I wonder how many times Norm has said partisan during the debate .
It seems he would rather say " [ not ] partisan " rather than " bipartisan " .
Coleman then stated that " We are very close to solving the energy issue . "
How are we close to solving the energy crisis ?
7:52 CT : " I support Barack Obama 's [ health care ] program , " again Al links himself to Obama .
7:53 CT : " I 'm not going to hold [ Norm ] responsible , but you were there , you did n't stand up . , " says Barkley .
7:54 CT : " What a horrible idea to put kids into a government run program [ for health care ] , " Norm replied in response to Franken 's supposed position on health care .
So are public schools bad for kids because it is a government program ?
7:55 CT : " If you believe that hope can conquer fear ... I challenge you to come together and make it happen , " marked Barack Obama 's , err sorry Norm Coleman 's final remarks of the televised portion of the debate .
7:57 CT : " I you think President Bush has been right 90 % of the time ... laughs in the crowd ... then I 'm not your guy . "
Franken 's final statement ends with his trademark " [ list an issue I support ] " followed by " then I ask for your vote . "
7:58 CT : " I am the only person on this stage that can bring about the change we need , " concludes Dean Barkley .
*** Televised Debate Ends ***
The remaining portion of the debate could be viewed on Kare11.com or one of the CSPANs and features questions from the audience .
7:59 CT : " A good Supreme Court justice will follow precedence , and adhere to the constitution .
I would not ask how they would vote on Roe v. Wade , " declared Barkley .
8:02 CT : " I take the responsibility of advising and consenting [ judges ] very seriously , " said Norm Coleman in response to the Supreme Court Judge question .
" Judges need to interrupt the constitution not legislate from the bench . "
8:04 CT : " We may be settling a presidential election .
If you wanna talk about bad decisions , Bush v. Gore would kinda be towards the top , " Franken clearly defining himself as the leftist candidate .
8:05 CT : " I hope that Barack Obama will be nominating the next supreme court justices , " if Al can make a vote for Obama a vote for himself he will likely win .
8:06 CT : Dean Barkley admires Justice Scalia .
8:08 CT : " The judiciary should not be politicized , but we 've seen that under the current administration , " responds Franken .
Al also just made a joke , but I was n't paying attention , the crowd laughed .
8:10 CT : " My favorite movie is the Godfather ... but seriously , maybe John F. Kennedy 's Commitment to Courage .
It 's all about courage .
You gotta take tough votes , " Norm 's stance on leadership .
8:12 CT : Franken took the courage comment and ran with it , " Sometimes it takes courage .
I wanna act , that 's why I 'm running for the Senate .
It 's about who you are acting on behalf of .
I 'm acting on behalf of American families . "
8:14 CT : " I 'll be the common ground .
People can come to me to breakdown those barriers . "
Barkley then told a good story about his experience in the Senate .
He moved a table in the cafeteria into the middle to where Democrats and Republicans would eat with him .
8:16 CT : Franken wants a time table ( or " time horizon " ) for the war in Iraq .
" In one month the war in Iraq will have gone on longer than World War II ... Barack Obama wants a 16 month time table for withdrawal , and I agree with that . "
8:18 CT : " I think one of the original goals of why we went into Iraq was to have a regime change , find the WMD's , and install Democracy ...
Its time for self determination , let Iraq settle their own political battles . "
Barkley then referenced to the " next president " unlike Franken , which seems to be a good strategic move for the Independent Party candidate .
8:20 CT : " We would have lost if we withdrew when Franken wanted to withdraw .
I was in Iraq when Harry Reid said the war was lost , and the troops were very , very angry . "
How are we going to win the war now , Mr. Coleman ?
8:21 CT : " Al Qaeda was n't in Iraq when the war started .
How can [ Coleman ] still be for the war is beyond me , " responded Franken .
8:22 CT : " We were all anti-war activists during Vietnam ... What 's the similarities between the two wars .
When the job is done , and I [ think it is ] , we should bring our troops , " proclaimed Barkley .
8:23 CT : " We need to get out as quick as possible without losing what we have gained .
I will take Ppetraeus ' advice over Harry Reid's . "
This seems like a huge blunder by Norm .
I see a flip - flop ad in the works with a nice quote coming down the pike .
8:24 CT : One more question .
8:27 CT : " All [ current Senators ] should be ashamed because of the position they put this country in ... I hope the bailout package will start working . "
Barkley again mentions that he hopes the bailout works .
There is great uncertainty in a potential Senate candidate regarding the financial crisis ; this is the issue of the election .
8:28 CT : " It requires folks who have the ability to work with folks on the other side of the aisle ... It takes 60 votes to get something done . "
Coleman 's entire candidacy is based on the premise of " bringing people together . "
8:30 CT : " We should not do what McCain did ... but rather would Franklin Roosevelt did , renegotiate these bad loans one by one .
We need to stop the downward spiral of the housing market , " in this statement by Franken he distanced himself from McCain will agreeing with FDR .
8:31 CT : " We should prohibit Senators from taking campaign money from companies who you are regulating in a Senate committee .
That would be about 2.5 million for Coleman and about half a million for Franken , " Barkley then said he was unassociated with type of money .
8:32 CT : " Lets figure this out working together as Minnesotans , " marked Coleman 's final comment of the night .
8:34 CT : The final statement of the night saw Franken bring up Coleman 's desire to chair the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
Franken stated that it would be difficult " to bring Democrats and Republican's to the table when your job is to defeat Democrats , " in such a position .
[ Update 7/5/2009 ] : First Debate , from Oct. 5 at U of MN Rochester , Audio :
Permission is granted to freely seed this article around the web in its entirety , quote , etc .
Please circulate widely on blogs , in emails , dial in to radio talk shows and offer your own input , etc .... thank you for your help with taking OUR America back !
http://www.aclu.org/safefree/general/16960prs20031123.html
11/23/03 WASHINGTON
- The American Civil Liberties Union today denounced a classified FBI intelligence memorandum ( see the link above ) , obtained by the New York Times , which gives police detailed instructions on how to target and monitor lawful political demonstrations under the rubric of fighting terrorism . "
( Emphasis added ) . " .... News of the classified ( FBI ) bulletin ( about FBI crack - downs on dissent ) also comes on the heels of an ACLU lawsuit against the Secret Service for the continuing practice of allowing pro-Bush protesters to remain visible to cameras during presidential appearances , and corralling anti-Bush protesters into pens or designated areas far from the media . "
See the link above for much more detailed facts .
Given that background information from five years ago , in which the police actually crack down on citizen photography of police abuse as " illegal " and " intimidation tactics " , it should be clear why Amy Goodman and her Democracy Now !
photographers were arrested at the Republican National Convention , for the " crime " of giving news coverage to the peaceful protests at the scene .
This is important to understand , as many Americans are completely in the dark about the post - 911 legislation and FBI activity curtailing American freedom , at large .
We citizen journalists have an important job of spreading word .
Please do so !
You can read about the arrest and watch a video here ( 9- 6-08 note :
The link is no longer working .
I cut and pasted this much of it to google with success : amy - goodman - sharif - abdel - kouddous-and- nicole- salazar - released-after-illegal-arrest-at-rnc.html )
http://www.prisonplanet.com/update-democracy-now%e2%80%99s-amy-goodman-sharif-abdel-kouddous-and-nicole-salazar-released-after-illegal-arrest-at-rnc.html
And while the author intends no partisan statement , it also is fact that such unlawful arrests targeting free speech are more likely to occur at the Republican National Convention , such as where Amy Goodman 's arrest occurred , than at Democratic ones .
The reason for this has nothing to do with defending Democrats in Congress who , after all and alongside Republicans , voted twice for the police - empowering Patriot Act .
It does , however , have everything to do with the fact that it is typically those " who are against us " ( the Bush Administration 's policies ) who are targeted as " terrorists " than those who are " for us " ( the Bush Administration ) :
Among the ACLU 's " terrorist " clients are Amnesty International , Food not Bombs , United for Peace and Justice , the anti-war American Service Committee ( a peaceful Quaker anti-war group ) , Greenpeace , Arab and Muslim groups as subjects of racial profiling , and more .
Of course , the ACLU itself has also uncovered more than one thousand pages of FBI spying on the ACLU .
The great concern here is that Americans at large , not only Amy Goodman and her photographers , are bound to become discouraged and not know what to do to stop such violations .
Here are a few ways we can make a beginning to change things back to America , the Land of the Free as we once knew it and to take OUR country back ---- for which , after all , we PAY with our tax dollars and are fully entitled to !
a)
Sign Credo phone company 's petition to the Press to give full and unbiased coverage of this unlawful and un-American arrest
b ) Write the press in your own home area and demand unbiased coverage .
Make a clear statement to the effect that their credibility as unbiased news source is at stake , should they not cover this partisan and unconstitutional matter clearly and fully .
Threaten not only to terminate your own subscription to the news entity , but tell them that you are passing word along to a team of concerned citizens in your area , asking that they do exactly the same as you : Demand unbiased and full news coverage of this and similar events , and tell them that they too will be terminating their subscriptions if this is not done .
c ) Join a civil liberties group to help either amend or overturn the unconstitutional Patriot Act .
I suggest the ACLU , Center for Constitutional Rights and The American Freedom Agenda .
Credo is marvellous and full of integrity , too .
Sign their petitions , pass them around absolutely everywhere to raise awareness and gather more signatures , and you will be part of the solution .
d ) Write letters to the editor ( of mainstream papers , the local papers and underground news sources ) and post to blogs .
Dial in to radio talk shows .
Send group emails , asking that they be passed on .
Raise awareness , everywhere you can !
American liberals think that global warming and healthcare are the front burner issues , and while I agree , I must also say that free speech is slightly basic to even so much as discussing saving the whales et al .
Repeat : Greenpeace is among those entities dubbed " terrorists " by the Bush Administration , in an official capacity , requiring the ACLU 's legal help .
If we think it stops there , we are just plain stupid .
That 's all there is to it .
e ) Credo and Working Assets are part of the solution , since they ( as a phone company ) will not wiretap without court warrant .
Ditto as regards Qwest .
Sign up with them and you will protecting yourself , the power of the Judiciary as fundamental arm of government whose function is to put a " check " on runaway government power , and more .
The Patriot Act may very likely be involved in the arrest of Amy Goodman and her colleagues .
The Act gives the police and FBI unilateral arrest powers without warrant or probable cause , and based on a definition of " Terrorist " which includes the word " activist " .
For further information , see www.aclu.org and punch Patriot Act Fact Sheets and Reform the Patriot Act into the search box .
See also the Center for Constitutional Rights www.ccrjustice.com or www.centerforconstitutionalrights.com .
The conservative Gun Owners of America are vociferous :
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Earlier this evening , we launched a microsite at www.votethesite.com to allow people to vote for their favorite political websites .
In just six hours , the site has already recorded 3,000 votes , received dozens of comments , and been viewed by hundreds of visitors from across the world .
This site was n't just launched with an " if you build it , they will come " strategy , but is the result of a multi-stage , concerted effort by our team to publicize and market it .
We launched the site hoping to gain as many votes as possible , and hoping to get picked up by outside political blogs and circulated around the designer community .
We knew that we had to crawl before we could walk , so first we needed to get traction with low hanging fruit , such as friends and family .
So far , we 've followed a pretty regimented roll out ; here are the steps we 're taking to market our microsite .
Send to friends and family - Everyone on the NMC team sent the project to their friends and family , encouraging them to pass along to others .
This was kind of a light launch that let us fix any problems that arose , knowing that the visitors would " love us no matter what " as my grandma told me when her district 's screenshot did n't appear correctly .
This led to a good first wave of traffic and gave the voting some momentum , encouraging others to vote when they got to the site .
Distribute to Favorite Social Networks -
For this stage , we all posted on the social networks that we spend the most time on , which are still composed of mainly friends , but more distant than in stage 1 .
We each posted the link as our Facebook status , Tweeted it ( follow me for more updates on the site ) , put up as our Gchat away message , and a couple more .
This round was really successful , leading to several re-tweets ( including from complete strangers ) , and getting picked up by a North Carolina newspaper 's blog .
Email out to list of political contacts -
As a political web design firm , we have a pretty sizable amount of consultants and campaigns that we work with , who we knew would be interested in the site .
We sent them all individual emails , encouraging them to try the site out .
This resulted in some good feedback and even a call from a contact that we had n't spoke to in months who wanted to hire us to work on a new site ( nice ! ) .
In addition to just our personal political clients , we also sent out an email to each contact from the campaigns featured on the site , letting them know that they had been highlighted and to let us know if they had any feedback or changes for us .
These are the stages we considered part of the initial rollout .
The goal here was to gather a decent amount of votes on the site , so each race had multiple votes and to start a little buzz around certain circles that we had launched this site .
Considering we launched the site at 5 pm , we had modest expectations for the results of these phases , and have exceeded all our expectations so far .
Below is a brief overview of the next steps we 're taking to get the site in front of more voters .
I 'll offer more details on these steps later this week , after we have tangible results on whether they worked or not .
Continue Blogging about the project -
Over the next few days , we 'll be continually blogging about the project , the programming behind it , and it 's coverage .
By continuing to create good content about the site , visitors to our main site are likelier to go to it , it can spark interest in different web communities , and will more likely get indexed by Google .
Submitting to popular news aggregators -
This is the stage where we really try and take the views to the next level .
We 'll be submitting to Digg , Reddit , Hacker News , and some others .
If it gains steam , these sites could drive some serious traffic .
Reaching out to industry decision makers -
In this stage , we 'll reach out to the big time players , such as Politico , large newspaper blogs , and other relevant sites .
Hopefully , they will like the idea , see that it has already been fairly popular , and write up the site .
This would result in huge traffic and give the site a lot of credibility .
This would be the ultimate win .
Well , there 's still 6 days before the election , so we think people have plenty of reason to check out votethesite.com and vote on their favorite political sites .
Per # 4 , we 'll be keeping the blog updated as we keep publicizing the site and we 'll let you know if we reach our goals and how the traffic is doing .
Wish us luck and be sure to go vote - both in our fake election and in the real one !
Swing states for McCain and Obama .
How Obama and McCain stand in the polls .
Congressional Republicans took the floor last week to call for the federal defunding of Planned Parenthood because the network of reproductive health care clinics offer abortion services .
Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota called for the defunding of Planned Parenthood last
Wednesday .
In a " special order " floor speech organized by Bachmann and
Chris Smith , R - N.J. , Bachmann called for an end to any federal money
for the network of reproductive health care clinics because Planned
Parenthood offers abortion services .
" If you ’ve got 882 clinics , you have $ 1 billion a year in annual
revenue , and $ 330 million of that comes from taxpayer funding , I think
that shows pretty clearly they are big business .
They are the Wal - Mart
of big abortion .
They ’re the big box retailer , " Bachmann told fellow
members of the House .
" It is time to end their tax - exempt status .
It ’s
a fraud .
And it ’s time to stop the public financing of Planned
Parenthood .
It ’s the right thing to do . "
Tim Stanley , executive director of Planned Parenthood Minnesota , North
Dakota , South Dakota ( PPMNS ) Action Fund , took issue with Bachmann’s
characterization .
" Planned Parenthood does more in one day to prevent
unintended pregnancy and the need for abortion than politicians like
Michele Bachmann do in a lifetime , ” said Stanley .
Indeed , Planned Parenthood offers a range of services in addition to
abortion services , including those that prevent the need for abortion :
access to birth control , emergency contraception , pregnancy options
counseling , sexuality education , and vasectomies and tubal ligations .
Those services are in addition to a range of other reproductive health
services such as screening for breast , cervical and testicular cancers ;
pregnancy testing ; testing and treatment for sexually transmitted
diseases ; and menopause treatments .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
“ In spite of what Michelle Bachmann says , Planned Parenthood served
nearly 65,000 people last year , " said Stanley .
" What this means is that
more Minnesotans than ever are in need of health care services , and
PPMNS is the safety net health care provider they turn to for the care
they need .
Nearly 76 percent of PPMNS patients are very low - income and
likely to qualify for public insurance programs . "
Those services are offered to men and women who might not otherwise
have access to or be able to afford birth control and other
reproductive health services .
Planned Parenthood ’s expansion into more affluent areas is what triggered Bachmann ’s heightened voice in the abortion debate .
The Wall Street Journal
reported last month that Planned Parenthood has rebranded its operation
and had opened express centers in several affluent Minneapolis - St. Paul
suburbs .
" Well , let me tell you , they ’ve made a decision , Planned Parenthood ,
that they are going to go after the affluent .
How do I know that ?
It ’s
happening in my district , and it was detailed in this article , " said
Bachmann .
" It said three express centers [ opening ] in wealthy Minnesota
suburbs and shopping centers and malls , places where women are already
doing their grocery shopping , picking up their Starbucks , living their
daily lives . "
Bachmann continued , " Do we understand what this is ?
This is to promote
women , to promote that woman intentionally take the lives of their
unborn children , " she said .
" We are asking God-fearing Americans to
subsidize this brutal and bloody procedure on a regular business in
upscale shopping malls all across the United States . "
Despite Bachmann ’s assertion , the Wall Street Journal makes clear that
abortion services are not being offered in " upscale shopping malls . "
The article says that the mall sites in Minnesota offer " services
limited to birth - control counseling and tests for pregnancy or sexually
transmitted infections .
Most patients are in and out in less than half
an hour . "
Where The Heck Is The Stock Market Bottom ?
A Logical Conclusion -
One can make a case that sometime in 2010 our stock markets will “ bottom out ” .
In this scenario , the DOW will decline below 5700 and the NASDAQ will fall under 430 , after 33 to 35 months of highly volatile trading .
How did I reach this conclusion ?
Read on .
According to this morning 's stock market news on CNN , most economists believe this will be a relatively short and shallow recession .
This conclusion is apparently based on an extrapolation of past economic performance in comparison with currently available data .
To construct this scenario , one merely needs to look at the “ usual ” market direction indicators .
Corporate profits , GNP , auto sales , the Purchasing Manager 's Index , payroll employment , personal income , public consumption , retail and durable goods sales , housing starts , and the value of the dollar are all negative .
Unemployment is up , along with the rate of inflation .
By themselves , the data underlying these factors would indicate a mild to moderate recession lasting into 2010 .
If you watch to CNN or FOX , however , three factors could derail this conclusion .
Economists appear to be unsure how to measure the impact of the mortgage crisis , the rash of financial institution failures , or the sudden decline of available credit .
No one seems to know how to include these three “ challenges ” in the recession calculation .
No matter .
If we ignore them – goes the thinking - perhaps these factors will not have a long term impact on the direction of the stock market .
But .
I do protest this shallow and incomplete analysis .
This stock market is unlike anything we have experienced in our lifetime .
Extreme volatility has thus far been the norm .
The markets have been in a virtual free - fall since mid- September .
Last Friday the DOW closed below 8500 ( down 40 % in 12 months ) and the NASDAQ came in under 1700 ( down 42 % in slightly less time ) .
This week the DOW rocketed upward by 1300 points in less than 9 hours of trading , and then promptly lost almost 1200 points in the next 8 hours .
Past performance has never been anything like this .
Throw out the rule book .
We are in new territory .
So .
Where is the bottom ?
Constructing An Alternative Scenario
I was watching Neil Cavuto on Fox News last weekend .
Like many media personalities , he just does n't comprehend the gravity of our precarious economic environment .
For a business commentator , failure to understand the economic fundamentals is inexcusable .
Let us see if we can help him out .
Neil :
This is n't your usual economic contraction .
If we want to construct a high probability scenario , we must develop a way to include all the probable economic factors in our recession equation , and then characterize the interaction of these factors with our culture .
How will people , including governments , react to this crisis ?
And how will this reaction shape the probable outcome ?
Let 's summarize the “ challenges ” ahead ….
 Home loans .
Additional Option ARMs and Interest Only loans are scheduled to reset through 2012 .
Almost a trillion dollars of debt to roll over , and most of the original loans are “ under water ” .
Many home owners will chose to walk .
It could be long into 2010 before we know the true value of our banking system 's housing portfolio .
 Housing .
In some areas , it will take several years for the market to recover .
Start with excess inventory , factor in higher unemployment , and we have a recipe for sluggish sales .
 Retail shops .
Landlords are currently working with retail tenants to keep the doors open through Christmas .
Both struggle to make a buck .
But in January , many retailers will throw in the towel .
Look for a sharp increase in retail store vacancy signs , accompanied by higher unemployment .
Building owners take a revenue hit .
More questionable bank loans .
 Office and Industrial space .
Escalating unemployment means increased vacancies .
Corporate contraction is inevitable .
“ Downsizing ” becomes a verb .
Building owners take a revenue hit .
Bankers buy TUMS by the barrel .
 Commercial loans .
This will be an all - to - typical situation .
The money has been loaned , and the construction has been completed .
But there are n't enough tenants to carry the paper on a take out loan .
Does that spell default ?
More bad debt on the books of our banking system ?
 Small businesses .
Typically undercapitalized , and unable to borrow enough money to meet payroll , small business failures will increase .
More bad debt .
Thousands of people out of work .
 Debt defaults .
Look for a sharp increase in credit card and auto loan defaults through 2010 .
Not only will this add to the load of non-performing debt , it will change the economics of the Credit Card industry .
 Credit .
We are in a cycle where a lack of credit triggers loan defaults , leading to even tighter credit markets .
Without access to credit , businesses ( large and small ) are forced to curtail operations , leading to layoffs , expense reduction , and reduced capital investment .
 Derivatives .
The $ 60 trillion Credit Default Swap mess is starting to unravel .
The worst will hit in 2009 .
And we do not have adequate visibility as to how much other derivative junk will crash .
 Hedge funds .
Redemptions are up , forcing asset sales .
Unfortunately , many of these assets are worth less than their original book value .
 Dollar .
Look for a further devaluation of the dollar .
This will increase the cost of goods purchased from other nations , increase the cost of manufacturing in the United States , and increase the cost of goods distribution .
Fixed asset depreciation in an era of soft goods inflation promises to be an economic disaster for low to middle income Americans .
 Government response .
People are becoming really frustrated with the failure of our dysfunctional government institutions .
There is a clash of political philosophies .
Add in a tough job market and one has a recipe for political turmoil .
Generally speaking , conflict is not good for the stock market .
 Globalization .
This crisis is global in nature .
If this were a sane world , the response would also be global in nature as governments worked together to resolve the crisis .
Instead , look for self serving , politically expedient , and ultimately ineffective nationalistic responses .
I could add three more critical factors to this list .
But I will not .
They take a lot of explanation and I am running out of space .
Suffice it to say , these factors make an ugly contraction highly likely .
A Look At History
Do we have a historical model that gives us a clue as to what lies ahead ?
Yes .
The panic of 1873 .
And I do mean panic .
There was a v shaped stock market contraction .
It took several years to reconstruct an over - extended banking system .
Bankruptcies skyrocketed .
Corporate profits were miserable .
Real estate values fell .
Credit dried up .
Wages were cut .
By 1876 , unemployment had risen to 14 % , sending tens of thousands into the streets .
There were bloody riots .
Employment frustration and lousy policy led to labor conflict .
Crime increased .
The panic of 1873 was accompanied by industrial consolidation , politically motivated violence , and a call for institutional nationalization .
Welfare systems were overwhelmed .
Millions took solace in the practice of fundamental religious beliefs .
Aliens and Jews became scapegoats for a failed economy .
Political systems were destabilized .
Yes , Neil .
This is what happens in a depression .
Conclusion
It is hard to construct an optimistic scenario .
It is far more likely this crisis will not be resolved until 2012 – or later .
Look for economic destitution accompanied by political conflict .
Given the acceleration of this contraction , and the challenges listed above , a DOW under 5700 and a NASDAQ below 430 are perfectly feasible .
These economic events will exacerbate the already deep philosophical divide between “ Red ” and “ Blue ” Americans .
Debilitating cultural turmoil and bitter political confrontation are in the wind .
No matter who wins the American elections , the next four years are going to be brutal .
But do n't believe me .
I could be wrong .
Do your own homework .
And pray I am not being overly optimistic when I say – “ We can get through this . ”
Ronald R. Cooke
The Cultural Economist
Author : Detensive Nation
www.tce.name
Cultural economics is the study of how we interact with economic events and conditions .
Culture , in this sense , includes our political systems , religious beliefs , psychology , history , customs , arts , sciences , and education .
The term " Economics " refers to the extent and process of how we employ capital , labor and materials .
If human existence is dynamic , then economics – as a science – must be able to characterize the interaction of culture and economics in contemporaneous terms .
Ronald R Cooke Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Mathias Huber
Greg Kroah - Hartman , Linux developer at Novell , suggests a new naming scheme for the Kernel releases on the Kernel mailing list .
The four - digit year would be included in the name .
Kroah - Hartman writes that he had meant to bring up his suggestion at the Kernel Summit 2008 in September that he does now as a follow - up .
He had always been involved with version numbering and finds the current scheme unmanageable .
His recommendation : future versions of the Linux kernel should follow the pattern four_digit_year.release_number.minor_release_number .
By this pattern the first release in the coming year would be 2009.0.0 , the second 2009.1.0 , and so forth .
If zero - numbered releases are undesirable , he says , the year could also begin with release 2009.1.1 .
Kroah - Hartman points out that the naming scheme provides a better way to determine how old the release is .
Kernel 2004.9.0 would be easier to date than Kernel 2.6.9 .
The current scheme follows the pattern 2 . major_release.minor_release.extra_version .
With the new scheme , kernel macros with major and minor numbers would also have compatible naming so as not to break scripts , he assures the community in his email .
Among the first responses was one from H. Peter Anvin who found it easiest just to increment the last digit , such as 27 , 28 , 29 , etc .
He finds the existing prefix 2 with the large following digits to have " outlived its utility " and suggests bumping the version to 3.0 and maintaining that scheme for " huge changes . "
Adrian Bunk had rather a different view and warned against radical changes that could affect not only the Kernel and its tools , but break countless userspace programs .
Many of these programs interpret the kernel version number through calls such as uname -r .
He gives a snippet from an OpenSSL library script as an example .
A Japanese woman could face a prison sentence after killing off her virtual husband in a computer game .
The 43 - year - old became so angry about a sudden " divorce " from her online husband in the interactive Maple Story game that she logged on with his password and deleted his digital persona .
She has been arrested on suspicion of illegally accessing a computer and manipulating electronic data .
The woman used the man 's username and password to log in to the game and carry out the virtual murder in May , a police official in the northern city of Sapporo said .
" I was suddenly divorced - without a word of warning .
That made me so angry , " the official quoted her as saying .
The woman , a piano teacher , had not plotted any revenge in the real world , he said .
She has not yet been formally charged , but could face up to five years in prison or a fine of more than £ 3,000 if eventually convicted .
Maple Story players create and manipulate digital images called avatars - which represent themselves - while engaging in relationships and social activities and fighting monsters .
The woman was arrested on Wednesday and taken 620 miles ( 1,000 km ) from her home in southern Miyazaki to be detained in Sapporo , where the man lives , the official said .
Bad online behaviour is usually dealt with within the rules set up by online worlds , which can ban miscreants or confiscate their virtual possessions .
However , virtual crimes can also have consequences in reality .
In August , a woman in Delaware was charged with plotting the real - life abduction of a boyfriend she met through the virtual reality website Second Life .
A 16 - year - old boy in Tokyo was charged with stealing the ID and password of a fellow player in order to swindle virtual currency in an online game .
I am so happy this realistic take on videogame characters is really taking off .
You 've seen Mario , were intrigued by Bowser and got traumatized by Pikachu with nipples .
Well now it 's time for another well known videogame mascot to get the realistic treatment .
This realistic take on Sonic the Hedgehog was done by Marcus Blättermann , the same artist who made the realistic Bowser .
Check out Marcus 's site as he goes into the details on how he made this revision of Sonic and the process he went through trying to get Sonic to look as real as possible while trying to stay true to the classic character .
Marcus even went ahead and made a realistic take of Sonic in classic 8 - bit form .
I have to wonder now , would Sonic have become as iconic as he has if he looked more like this revision as apposed to the blue fur ball we all know and love now ?
Either way , I still think the realistic Pikachu one is the best so far .
What do you think ?
[ Via GoNintendo ]
Click to open photo gallery :
Web comics .
I 'm sure I 'm not alone when I say web comics are shit .
There are a few out there that are n't too bad , but just because they 're popular does n't mean they 're good .
XKCD gives me a chuckle every couple of months or so .
The drawing is absolute shit and it is n't funny even when it is overly verbose .
I 'm an instant gratification type of person , and if I have to read a short story comprised of 500 words or more , with pictures drawn by a kindergartner , just to get to the punchline , I 'm not going to read the motherfucker .
Thus bringing me to the first reason why I hate Digg .
When I first started visiting Digg , roughly two years ago , it was world and technology news with a handful of videos and pictures to keep it fresh .
The news are articles are fine , good writers know how to write a thesis statement in 50 words or less and by that paragraph alone , I know if I want to read the rest of the article .
Now web comics are cropping up on every other Digg page and the entire comic is longer than most major news stories .
I 'm not saying all web comics are long , I 'm saying most web comics are shit .
A note to any aspiring web comics who might be reading this , stop , just do n't .
If you still feel the need to continue , do n't take arbitrary references from geek culture and try to mash them together like a Frankenstein of a joke .
Pro Barack Obama .
I have nothing against the man that I do n't already have against everybody , but is it really necessary to front page every Barack Obama story in triplicate ?
By now if you have n't decided who you 're going to vote for , I do n't want you to .
Just stay home and leave voting up to the rest of us .
Even if you are still on the fence , I 'm more inclined to believe the cynical culture that resides on Digg would be put off by seeing so much blatant propaganda .
I was a Ron Paul supporter before he hit big on Digg and simply seeing his name everywhere brought out the skeptic in me .
I can only pray this Obama flood will stop after the election .
Anti John McCain .
We , as an allegedly educated populace , prefer no mud slinging in our campaigns .
Dirt on one candidate may sway some , but for the most part I do n't think people connect with negativity on that level .
If this is the case , why do we have to praise one and automatically hate the other ?
It 's clear Obama is the Digg favored candidate .
McCain and I do n't share the same ideals but I respect the man .
He 's obviously done something right to get where he is and his time as a POW should earn him a minimum amount of respect .
Never fail , on the front page of Digg , there are just as many anti McCain stories as there are pro Obama .
This post might get front page action if I claim McCain killed a Vietnamese prostitute and Obama resuscitated a puppy with mouth - to - mouth , no matter whether I have viable sources or not .
The Decision engine .
The previous three points lead me to this one .
If it 's a webcomic , it jumps on the express train to the front page ?
Pro Obama ?
Get on that train .
Anti McCain ?
There 's a seat for you up front .
Anti Obama , pro McCain , whoa , whoa , whoa .
Sorry but you have to wait for your ride with the rest of the retards who take the short bus to hell .
If it comes from Cracked , front page .
Chicago Tribune ?
Front page .
The motherfucking Huffington Post , of all " news " agencies , its got several spots on the front page .
Read every front page story for a week , and you will be able to crack the decision engine .
The ads .
I completely understand why a website needs to be ad driven .
How the hell else are you supposed to make a living off a free service ?
What I do n't like are the ads that are on Digg .
When I think of the average digger , according to some psychological phenomenon , I typically think of myself ... but fatter and geekier ... and smellier .
Well now that I say it like that , I guess the ads are perfect , many are for overly expensive trendy clothing , cars , and weight loss programs , oh and Barack Obama .
Whether ads are needed or not I still hate them .
The community .
Reading the comments on most items gives me a general idea of the mentality of the average digger .
They 're " new age " self loving trolls with nothing better to do than scour the internet all day and make salty anonymous comments about other people 's opinions .
They 're the kind of person who is so vain they will take a screen shot of a thread they posted on , host it on tinypic or flickr , and then submit it with the title " What I Love About Digg . "
They are the people who submit the stories I 've already bitched about corrupting the decision engine .
I used to love Digg , but they 're trying to hard to be more than what they became popular for .
A wise man once said , " Do n't try to do everything or you 'll fail .
Just try to do one thing better than everybody else and you 'll succeed . "
Digg , that is my advice to you .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Clocks spring ahead and fall back when adjusting in and out of daylight saving time .
A study published on Wednesday finds that heart attack rates do the same .
Commuters wait to catch a local passenger train at Mahim station in Mumbai July 11 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Arko Datta
The research , based on heart attacks in Sweden , concluded that the chance of a heart attack goes up during the first three weekdays after the springtime shift to daylight saving time , possibly because of sleep deprivation .
But on the autumn Monday after clocks go back and people can get an extra hour of shuteye , the heart attack risk declines .
“ Our data suggest that vulnerable people might benefit from avoiding sudden changes in their biologic rhythms , ” said Drs. Imre Janszky of the Karolinska Institute and Rickard Ljung of the National Board of Health and Welfare , both in Stockholm .
In a letter to the New England Journal of Medicine , they said the culprit may be the one hour of sleep lost in the spring , when the clocks are shifted ahead .
“ The earlier wake - up times on the first workday of the week and the consequent minor sleep deprivation can be hypothesized to have an adverse cardiovascular effect on some people .
This effect would be less pronounced with the transition out of daylight saving time , since it allows for additional sleep , ” they wrote .
The protective effect in the fall may last for just one day because , “ Monday is the day when most of us will use this extra hour , ” Janszky said by e-mail .
During the shift to daylight saving time , women seemed more vulnerable to heart attacks than men .
Men were more likely to be protected during the Monday in the autumn , the researchers said .
They also found that the effect was more pronounced in people under age 65 .
Janszky said younger people may be affected more because they tend to be working and their schedules are not as flexible .
“ Retired people are more independent from the official time , ” the researcher said .
More than 1.5 billion people worldwide live in countries that use daylight saving time .
There is a broad consensus that Congress must act to stave off deeper turmoil on Wall Street .
Irrespective of the final agreement yet to be reached , there are several principles that must be part of a broader reform effort that begins this week and continues in the coming months .
This is not just a financial crisis ; it 's an economic crisis .
Therefore , the solutions we pursue cannot simply stabilize the markets .
We must also deal with the interconnected economic challenges that set the stage for this crisis -- and reverse the ...
News in Science
Rock shows earth got off to a hot start
A geological controversy over how a 2700 - million - year - old rock was formed has been solved using synchrotron technology , an international team reports .
The team reports in the latest Nature journal that a rare form of magmatic rock known as komatiite was formed in the earth 's mantle at temperatures around 1700 °C in the Archaean age , more than 2700 million years ago .
Australian co-author Associate Professor Leonid Danyushevsky , at the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence in Ore Deposits at the University of Tasmania , says the finding settles a long - disputed controversy over the volcanic rocks origin .
Danyushevsky says there are two opposing theories on the origin of komatiites , which were generally formed in the first half of the earth 's history .
The first " hot - melting " model assumes the komatiite was formed through the melting of a mantle source at temperatures up to 500 °C hotter than today 's mantle temperature .
Under the second " wet - melting " theory komatiites were formed at temperatures only slightly higher than today 's mantle temperature and cooled by the presence of water .
Well - preserved sample
Danyushevsky says a difficulty in solving the debate has been the rarity of well - preserved samples of komatiite .
However , in 1992 fresh komatiite lava flows were found in Zimbabwe that had inclusions of the original melt preserved in crystals .
He says a new technique , using synchrotron x-ray technology , developed by co-authors Professor Hugh O'Neill of the Research School of Earth Sciences at the Australian National University and Dr Andrew Berry at Imperial College , London , has allowed them to look at the chemistry of the volcanic rock .
He says by examining oxidation rates they have shown the mantle has cooled several hundred degrees since the Archaean .
Danyushevsky says the knowledge is important for " our understanding of the earth 's evolution " .
It could help determine the rate at which the earth 's interior has been cooling , how the forces affecting the earth 's crust have changed over time , and the heating produced by radioactive decay , the researchers say .
O'Neill says by looking at the water content and oxidation ratio of the komatiite samples they were able to discount the wet - melting theory .
He says the water content of 0.3 % per weight in the inclusion " was almost certainly the original water content " .
Using the synchrotron x-ray technique the team could determine the oxidation ratio in situ in the sample .
It found about 10 % oxidation in the 2700 - million - year - old sample , a ratio that is " similar to that of present - day mantle " , the paper says .
O'Neill says their approach will have a " flow - on effect for a whole suite " of things including minerals exploration .
A new report from BCC Research pegs the North American market for advanced structural ceramics at $ 2.7 billion in 2007 and predicts it will grow to $ 3.7 billion in 2012 , for a compound annual growth rate of 6.0 percent .
BCC breaks down the market by application into these segments : cutting tools and inserts ; wear and corrosion ; bioceramics ; energy and high temperature ; air and aerospace ; and armor and military .
Of these , bioceramics has the largest market share , generating $ 1.8 billion in revenues in 2007 , BCC says .
The research firm expects this segment to increase to $ 2.3 billion in 2012 , for a CAGR of 5.0 percent .
The second largest market , armor and military , was worth $ 416.0 million in 2007 and is expected to climb to $ 669.0 million in 2012 , for a CAGR of 10.0 percent , according to BCC .
The wear and corrosion segment comprises the third largest market .
BCC says this segment earned $ 337.0 million in 2007 and is expected to increase to $ 427.0 million in 2012 , for a 5.0 percent CAGR .
BCC says , at first glance , the technical and advanced structural ceramics market appears to be maturing or “ reaching the apex of its growth . ”
The research firm cautions , however , that first glances can be deceiving , noting that “ changes in the fabrications and synthesis of the materials ” are renewing the market from within .
BCC ’s report also stresses that these new and improved ceramic materials “ have enabled significant new technology capabilities that are now having far - reaching impacts on the North American economy and society . ”
Dita and her bosom buddies asdf Burlesque bombshell and retro queen , Dita Von Teese , launched her line of unmentionables for Wonderbra yesterday in London .
The " Wonderbra by Dita Von Teese " collection , which is inspired by old Hollywood glamour , includes beautiful bras , gorgeous garter belts , pretty panties , and ... sexy suspenders ?
Um , Dita doll , where exactly do the suspenders come in ?
Perhaps they were hot bedroom accessories in the 1950s , which is the era that Dita looked to for inspiration .
The end result is a very vintage feel combining shapes from the 1950s and fabrics from the 1940s .
asdf " I took all the best bits of the most beautiful vintage lingerie I have collected over the years to make this , " Dita said .
" But I made sure it was all really comfortable , too , which vintage lingerie can't really claim to be . "
Well if any of her pieces will give me her waistline without cracking a rib , I 'm sold .
And Dita wants you to get it poppin ' in the bedroom too !
One bra-bottom combo features a quick - release magnetic clasp , “ making daring stripteases a cinch , ” according to Wonderbra .
This is a line after my own heart !
But , says Dita , “ Lingerie should n’t be something you just put on for your lover ; you should do it for you .
It ’s not about seducing men , it ’s about embracing womanhood . ”
Can we just tawk for a moment about how much I la la love her ?
If I had the time , energy , wardrobe , money and job , I would dress like her every day of my life .
I 'm seriously thinking about being her for Halloween this year .
And yes , it would give me an excuse to run around with little to nothing on .
Is n't that what Halloween is all about ?
But I digress .
The limited edition lingerie collection is currently available in Europe and will soon be available online at http://www.asos.com/.
Pick it up !
Source / Source
The New Scientist has recently discovered what readers of this blog have known for a while – that the denial of materialist neuroscience is the “ new creationism . ”
In fact I have written extensively over the past year about the embrace by the Discovery Institute ( an intelligent design group ) of cartesian dualism , the notion that the mind is a different substance from the brain .
The primary proponent of this argument for the DI ( and a frequent foil of my blog entries ) is Michael Egnor , a creationist neurosurgeon .
But the New Scientist article correctly points out that this is actually part of a larger movement and a larger strategy .
The Wedge Strategy
This current attack on neuroscience has the same underlying roots as the ID attack on evolution – the real enemy for ID proponents is materialism .
The infamous Wedge document makes this clear in its opening paragraphs :
The proposition that human beings are created in the image of God is one of the bedrock principles on which Western civilization was built .
Its influence can be detected in most , if not all , of the West ’s greatest achievements , including representative democracy , human rights , free enterprise , and progress in the arts and sciences .
Yet a little over a century ago , this cardinal idea came under wholesale attack by intellectuals drawing on the discoveries of modern science .
Debunking the traditional conceptions of both God and man , thinkers such as Charles Darwin , Karl Marx , and Sigmund Freud portrayed humans not as moral and spiritual beings , but as animals or machines who inhabited a universe ruled by purely impersonal forces and whose behavior and very thoughts were dictated by the unbending forces of biology , chemistry , and environment .
This materialistic conception of reality eventually infected virtually every area of our culture , from politics and economics to literature and art .
It is crystal clear from this and other writings , and well as the history of the ID / creationist movement , that this is about ideology , not science .
ID proponents feel that their spiritual ideological world view is threatened by the findings of modern science , and so have decided to undermine it .
They want this to be an ideological and cultural war , because in the arena of science they lose .
So they claim that science ( at least those sciences with which they feel uncomfortable ) is nothing more than the ideology of materialism .
They want to frame the conflict as that between the traditional , moral , and god - fearing spiritualism on one side , and cold , amoral , mechanistic materialism on the other .
This is an emotional fight they feel they can win .
But their dilemma has been ( made clear by the recurrent failures of the old - school creationist movement ) that the institution of science appears to have a lock on public education , research funding , mainstream publications , and even to a large degree public respect .
Therefore they decided , and this is clearly laid out in the Wedge document , to fight fire with fire – to create their own “ scientific ” institutions , their own scholars , and publications , and funding sources .
They set out to pretend to do science and to make scientific arguments ( the thin edge of the wedge ) so as to break into the established scientific infrastructure , but their farce had a predetermined goal – to undermine the materialist basis of modern science .
ID proponents began their efforts with evolution , but that was only ever a means to an end , that end being the destruction of materialism .
Their recent efforts to attack modern neuroscience is simply another aspect of this underlying strategy .
At first it may have seemed strange that a neurosurgeon was writing about dualism on the Evolution News and Views propaganda blog of the Discovery Institute .
But in light of the bigger picture , it makes perfect sense .
I also think the New Scientist is correct in pointing out that the ID movement may be shifting their emphasis to neuroscience .
I think it is fair to say that the ID attack on evolution has been largely a failure .
They failed in Dover ( where a conservative judge ruled that ID was warmed - over creationism and could not be taught in public school science classes ) , and the movie Expelled turned out to be a huge boondoggle .
They are getting some traction with their “ academic freedom ” deception , but not much , and I think that effort will ultimately fail as well .
The failure of the ID attack on evolution is perhaps due to the fact that there is a generation of scientists , specifically biologists and evolutionary scientists , who grew up during the period of creationist attempts at pushing “ equal time ” and other ways of either limiting the teaching of evolution or forcing the teaching of creationism in public schools .
These scientists and educators understand creationism , and have jumped all over any attempt by IDers to disguise old creationist arguments in new clothing .
There are institutions , like the National Center for Science Education , that are effective watchdogs on anything even remotely creationist .
In short , the anti-materialists at the DI and elsewhere , attempting to push their wedge by targeting evolution ran up against a savvy and effective army of evolution defenders who were able to defend the integrity of science from this attack .
Like any predator , the anti-materialists are looking for easy prey .
They are probing for a softer spot in the world of science to insert their wedge , and they think they have found it in neuroscience .
Tomorrow I will continue Part II of this discussion .
BARCELONA , Spain ( Reuters ) - A quarter of the world ’s mammals are threatened with extinction , an international survey showed on Monday , and the destruction of habitats and hunting are the major causes .
The report , the most comprehensive to date by 1,700 researchers , showed populations of half of all 5,487 species of mammals were in decline .
Mammals range in size from blue whales to Thailand ’s insect - sized bumblebee bat .
“ Mammals are declining faster than we thought -- one in four species is threatened with extinction worldwide , ” Jan Schipper , who led the team , told Reuters of the report issued in Barcelona as part of a “ Red List ” of threatened species .
He said threats were worst for land mammals in Asia , where creatures such as orang utans are suffering from deforestation .
Almost 80 percent of primates in the region were under threat .
Of the 4,651 mammals for which scientists have data , 1,139 species were under threat of extinction .
Schipper said the data was far broader than the previous review of mammals in 1996 .
Threats to species including the Tasmanian Devil , an Australian marsupial , the Caspian seal or the fishing cat , found in Asia , were among those to have worsened .
At least 76 mammals have gone extinct since 1500 .
“ Within our lifetime hundreds of species could be lost as a result of our own actions , ” said Julia Marton - Lefevre , director general of the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , which compiles the Red List and is meeting in Spain .
IBERIAN LYNX
Of the 2008 total , 188 were listed as “ critically endangered , ” the worst category before extinction , including the Iberian lynx of which there are just 84 - 143 adults left .
Cuba ’s rat - like little earth hutia has not been seen in 40 years .
An Iberian lynx looks from his enclosure at Cabarceno nature reserve near Santander , northern Spain , October 25 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Victor Fraile
Habitat loss and hunting -- for everything from food to medicines -- “ are by far the main threats to mammals , ” Schipper and his team wrote in the journal Science .
“ The population of one in two is declining , ” they said .
Among other threats , global warming blamed by the U.N. Climate Panel on human use of fossil fuels , was hitting species dependent on Arctic sea ice such as the polar bear .
But the report , issued during an Oct 5 - 14 IUCN congress , was not all gloom .
Five percent of species were recovering because of conservation efforts , including the European bison and the black - footed ferret , found in North America .
The African elephant was also moved down one notch of risk , to “ near threatened ” from “ vulnerable , ” because of rising populations in southern and eastern Africa .
And a total of 349 species have been found since 1992 , such as the elephant shrew in Tanzania , it said .
Schipper said some species may be vanishing before they are even described .
The report focused on mammals but the situation for some other types of animals and plants is even worse , according to the IUCN , comprising governments and conservation organizations .
An updated “ Red List ” said that 16,928 species , or 38 percent , were threatened out of a total of 44,838 .
Among animals most at risk are amphibians , such as frogs and toads .
Schipper said governments urgently needed to work out ways to protect life on earth .
“ Conservation action backed by research is a clear priority , ” he said .
The Archbishop of Canterbury tonight prompted criticism from across the political spectrum after he backed the introduction of sharia law in Britain and argued that adopting some of its aspects seemed " unavoidable " .
Rowan Williams , the most senior figure in the Church of England , said that giving Islamic law official status in the UK would help achieve social cohesion because some Muslims did not relate to the British legal system .
However , the prime minister 's spokesman swiftly rejected the archbishop 's comments , which were delivered in a lecture on civil and religious law at the Royal Courts of Justice .
Gordon Brown 's spokesman insisted British law would be based on British values and that sharia law would present no justification for acting against national law .
" Our general position is that sharia law cannot be used as a justification for committing breaches of English law , nor should the principles of sharia law be included in a civil court for resolving contractual disputes .
" If there are specific instances like stamp duty , where changes can be made in a way that 's consistent with British law and British values , in a way to accommodate the values of fundamental Muslims , that is something the government would look at . "
The Conservative peer and shadow minister for community cohesion and social action , Sayeeda Warsi , also criticised the Anglican primate .
" The archbishop 's comments are unhelpful and may add to the confusion that already exists in our communities ...
We must ensure that people of all backgrounds and religions are treated equally before the law .
" Freedom under the law allows respect for some religious practices .
But let 's be absolutely clear : all British citizens must be subject to British laws developed through parliament and the courts . "
However , some Muslim groups supported Dr Williams ' views on sharia law , which sets out a broad code of conduct for all aspects of life , from diet to the wearing of the hijab .
The Ramadhan Foundation , an educational and welfare body , said the speech was " testament to his attempts to understand Islam and promote tolerance and respect between our great faiths " .
More than 800 people were present in the Great Hall of the Royal Courts of Justice for the speech .
A further 200 poured into the overspill marquee .
Plasma screens were erected to ensure people could hear and see Williams clearly , and the audience was encouraged to introduce themselves to those nearby .
Williams said introducing sharia law would mean Muslims would no longer have to choose between two systems .
" If what we want socially is a pattern of relations in which a plurality of diverse and overlapping affiliations work for a common good , and in which groups of serious and profound conviction are not systematically faced with the stark alternatives of cultural loyalty or state loyalty , it seems unavoidable . "
He compared the situation to faith schools , where " communal loyalties " were brought into direct contact with wider society , leading to mutual questioning and mutual influence towards change , without compromising the " distinctiveness of the essential elements of those communal loyalties " .
Earlier , in a BBC interview , he was more succinct .
He said it was a " matter of fact " that sharia law was already being practised in Britain .
" It 's not as if we 're bringing in an alien and rival system ; we already have in this country a number of situations in which the internal law of religious communities is recognised by the law of the land ...
There is a place for finding what would be a constructive accommodation with some aspects of Muslim law as we already do with some kinds of aspects of other religious law . "
He did not endorse the " kind of inhumanity " associated with sharia law in some Islamic states .
The Bishop of Rochester , Michael Nazir - Ali , warned last month that attempts were being made to give Britain an increasingly Islamic character .
" There is pressure already to relate aspects of the sharia to civil law in Britain , " he said .
" To some extent this is already true of arrangements for sharia - compliant banking but have the far - reaching implications of this been fully considered ? "
The bishop , who is no stranger to controversy , also claimed that extremists have created " no - go " areas , which were too dangerous for non-Muslims to enter .
He has since received death threats and was placed under police protection .
He was unavailable for comment today .
Lindsay Lohan Gets the Boot From Ugly Betty
It looks like 's planned 6 episode guest spot on Ugly Betty will be cut short due to tension between Lindsay and ABC star .
Lohan has apparently worn out her welcome after four appearances .
You 're probably thinking that it is odd that Lindsay would cause any kind of tension on the set but sources say it 's true .
Not only was her dressing room a nightmare but she smoked non-stop and she traveled with an entourage .
Big deal ... right ?
Lindsay was apparently on a power trip and would not come to the set unless Ferrera was there too .
We found this story on The New York Post Page Six this morning and it seemed so Lindsay .
' He said ' ' she said ' , blah , blah , blah .
We hate to say this ... no we do n't !
Does anybody really care ?
The bottom line is that they were hoping for increased ratings and it did n't happen .
We 're thinking that Britney Spears would draw far more viewers than Lindsay .
Check out the two photos above .
We feel compelled to send an immediate shoutout to Lindsay 's makeup artist .
The orange face does nothing for your client and you must do something with her feet - is she wearing socks ?
Sure it can happen once - but twice ?
Photos : WENN
Oct. 27 marks the 10th anniversary of the signing of the International Religious Freedom Act , a law that made the promotion of religious freedom a basic aim of U.S. foreign policy .
The passage of the legislation marked the culmination of a campaign of unlikely religious allies , who went on to champion other international human rights causes .
Pew Forum Visiting Senior Fellow Allen Hertzke , an eyewitness observer of the birth and growth of the international religious freedom movement and author of Freeing God ’s Children : The Unlikely Alliance for Global Human Rights ( 2004 ) , recounts what he witnessed in Washington , D.C. , a decade ago and discusses the difference the landmark legislation has made in promoting religious freedom worldwide .
Featuring :
Allen Hertzke , Visiting Senior Fellow , Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life ; Presidential Professor of Political Science at the University of Oklahoma
Interviewer :
Mark O’Keefe , Associate Director , Web Editorial , Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life
In this Q&A :
An emerging social movement
The International Religious Freedom
Act and its mandate
The impact of the International Religious Freedom Act
I like to say that I stumbled onto the ground floor of an emerging social movement .
A decade before the legislative campaign for the act began , I published a book , Representing God in Washington ( 1988 ) , on religious lobbies .
So I was pretty familiar with the religious scene in Washington , D.C. , and the various alliances and divisions .
In 1998 , I was asked to present a paper in Washington at a conference that dealt with the issue of international persecution of Christians and the emerging movement to focus American foreign policy on their plight .
As it turned out , many of the activists in this new movement were at the conference .
Because I expressed some knowledge of the situation , these activists basically suggested that I become the scribe of the movement .
They opened their files to me , allowed me to sit in on strategy meetings and conduct interviews with them , and provided access to other activists .
Did you set out to write a book about the movement ?
At the time , I thought the legislative campaign might make an interesting article .
I had no idea that the movement would have legs , or that it would become one of the most important human rights movements since the end of the anti-apartheid struggle .
Indeed , the campaign for religious freedom actually sparked a much broader human rights quest within American foreign policy .
In your 2004 book , Freeing God ’s Children : The Unlikely Alliance for Global Human Rights , you wrote that the International Religious Freedom Act “ is one of the most sweeping human rights statutes on the books and the only one of its kind in the world . ”
What makes this bill unique ?
Because of this legislation , the promotion of religious freedom is a core objective of American foreign policy .
There is no other country on earth that you can say that about – a major purpose of America ’s global leadership is , in fact , promoting religious freedom and fighting persecution .
The legislation is sweeping because it created a new infrastructure in American foreign policy .
This includes a new State Department office and an ambassador - at - large position devoted exclusively to promoting international religious freedom and raising awareness of the plight of religious minorities around the world .
Can you elaborate on what the International Religious Freedom Act mandated ?
The legislation tries to expose the problem of violations of religious freedom and then prescribe some actions by the American government to address them .
The bill mandated that the State Department produce an annual report on the status of religious freedom in every country in the world .
It then charged the ambassador with recommending diplomatic actions in response to the findings of that report .
There are a whole set of calibrated actions ranging from a personal demarche , which is just a statement from a diplomat to another diplomat , to economic sanctions against a country that egregiously violates religious freedom .
The president is required to take some action against countries that practice severe religious persecution , and he must publicly state what that action is .
If the president determines that there ’s a reason to waive that sanction , he can do so , but he has to do so publicly .
In addition , the legislation created a blue - ribbon commission on international religious freedom that is independent of the State Department .
The commission ’s job is to act as a watchdog of the State Department .
It gathers its own information , conducts hearings , travels to foreign countries , critiques State Department reports and puts out its own reports .
In a sense , the commission tries to keep the State Department honest , and to say tough things about our trading partners , allies or countries of strategic importance to the U.S .
Who were the original players in this movement ?
The campaign for religious freedom attracted a broad set of unlikely allies .
There were conservative evangelicals working hand - in - hand with liberal Jewish leaders , Tibetan Buddhists , Iranian Baha ’is , Muslim Uighurs from China and other religious groups .
In addition to religious leaders , key congressional leaders of both parties became strong advocates for religious freedom legislation .
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives such as Republicans Frank Wolf of Virginia and Chris Smith of New Jersey worked with senators such as then - Democrat Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut .
Ultimately , it was a very bipartisan piece of legislation .
Your book describes tensions that arose in the effort to get the legislation approved .
What happened ?
There were two competing visions for how best to promote religious freedom through American foreign policy and , originally , two different pieces of legislation – one that passed the House and another that passed the Senate .
What ’s interesting is that the competing approaches did not break down along traditional liberal versus conservative lines .
One vision saw itself as fighting against persecution in a visible , tough way that involved the threat of serious sanctions .
The other saw itself as using calibrated , quiet , diplomatic measures to induce changes in the behavior of governments .
What I think is interesting is that the final legislation embodied both approaches , with a State Department Office of International Religious Freedom that generally engages in more quiet diplomacy and an independent United States Commission on International Religious Freedom that exposes countries that are engaging in religious persecution – naming them , shaming them and calling for tough sanctions .
Since the legislation initially focused only on the persecution of Christians , some critics felt it was an attempt by Republican politicians to thank or repay evangelical Christians for their political support .
Yes , the original impetus of the campaign was focused on the persecution of Christians around the world .
In a way , that was n’t a narrow cause because the persecution of Christians is actually a broad problem in a number of countries .
Nonetheless , that was perceived as narrowly focused on one religious community .
As the legislation evolved , it was broadened to include all religious communities and especially any religious minorities persecuted for their faith .
The legislative campaign acted as a magnet , attracting disparate religious minorities who saw the opportunity to have the American government champion their cause .
So through the natural process of congressional compromise and evolution , the coalition got broader and broader as time went on .
Some foreign critics have asked this question :
Who made the U.S. the policeman for human rights around the world ?
And , more specifically :
Why should the U.S. preach to the rest of the world about religious freedom when it has more than its share of religious strife and problems ?
There was a concern that the U.S. would be perceived as heavy handed in its policing of internal religious conditions in nearly 200 countries .
But the drafters of the legislation were very careful to point to United Nations covenants as the standards by which countries would be judged .
In that sense , supporters say , the U.S. is not attempting to impose its own will on the rest of the world but is merely calling upon countries to live up to the international agreements they themselves have signed – United Nations declarations on human rights , international covenants on religious freedom and so forth .
I think that over time the detailed research that the State Department undertakes has gained a certain credibility for the effort .
Countries around the world , especially other democracies , often use the reports themselves in promoting religious freedom through their own diplomatic initiatives .
On what countries has the U.S. shined the spotlight of scrutiny , and what impact , if any , has that had ?
In the language of the legislation , there are “ countries of particular concern . ”
They have included North Korea , China , Burma [ also known as Myanmar ] , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Iran , Eritrea and Uzbekistan .
Human rights advances are often incremental , as we ’ve learned from the past .
But there have been indications of real progress because of this legislation .
Dissidents around the world know that their cause is being picked up by the U.S. government .
Religious prisoners in jail hear about the fact that they have been named by our State Department officials or by the president of the United States in postings in our embassies .
Because of State Department diplomacy , Vietnam has actually released religious prisoners , relaxed its restrictions on religious communities and allowed Buddhists , Christians and others to more freely practice their religion .
There has also been some impact on Saudi Arabia , though certainly not enough to satisfy many activists .
One of the things that has come out of this whole initiative is the fact that the Saudis have been funding worldwide extremist literature that preached hostility toward Christians , Jews , Shiites and others , and that called for jihad against unbelievers .
The Saudis have been very embarrassed by the reports from the State Department and from the commission and have pledged to clamp down on the kind of virulent literature they provide in their own schools and in mosques around the world .
In light of the 9/11 attacks and the fact that 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudis , some Saudi authorities have come to the conclusion that they have to deal with the way their own literature is promoting a very militant and dangerous brand of Islam .
And that ’s been an issue that has been taken up because of this legislation .
Have any actual sanctions been imposed ?
This has been a matter of contention by religious advocates .
In the case of Saudi Arabia , President Bush has waived sanctions in the interest of national security .
Still , the Saudis have not been happy about the way they ’ve been portrayed in State Department reports .
Sanctions on China , Sudan , Burma and North Korea have been , in diplomatic language , “ double - hatted ” ; in other words , sanctions that were already in existence were just designated as the sanctions to apply to the religious freedom violations .
This is a matter of great concern among those in the advocacy community who feel that the law has not been enforced as vigorously by the State Department as they had hoped .
Ten years ago , there was skepticism in some circles about treating religious freedom as a basic human right and promoting it as a U.S. foreign policy objective .
To what extent has this ideal of religious freedom been embraced by Congress , the State Department , human rights groups , the media and others ?
I think there ’s been a sea change in the appreciation of religious freedom as a fundamental human right .
Religious freedom , in fact , is recognized by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , which was promulgated by the United Nations in 1948 .
Historically , secular human rights groups have often been skittish about promoting religious freedom because , to them , religion is often a force for reaction , repression and so forth .
But secular human rights groups now appreciate the extent to which the movement for religious freedom has added new energy to the broader human rights quest .
It ’s brought them new allies in the more general human rights movement .
Journalists are also more attentive to religious persecution than they used to be .
I think persecuted Christians are viewed as authentically persecuted now , whereas in the past there was some suspicion that perhaps the extent of the persecution was exaggerated .
I think the problem of the denial of religious freedom for communities around the world is now seen as a major problem .
There has also been a change in how the academic world views this issue .
We have a whole new line of scholarship that is beginning to show how important religious freedom is to human rights , democracy and economic development .
So I think that the movement helped to highlight the important relationship of religious freedom to other things we value , and that ’s going to be a lasting change .
To what extent did the legislation bring evangelical Christians to the table of foreign policy ?
The legislation galvanized the evangelical community to become more focused on foreign policy , especially human rights issues .
Indeed , the campaign for religious freedom ultimately catapulted them into other human rights quests .
For example , the same coalition that fought for religious freedom legislation moved on to human trafficking , which has become a major focus of American foreign policy and maybe one of the most effective .
Without religious freedom legislation , supporters say , there likely would not have been trafficking legislation .
Without religious freedom legislation , they say , there likely would not have been a Sudan Peace Act , which focused attention on the devastating 20 - year civil war in Sudan and helped produce a fragile peace between southern Sudanese and the government .
Evangelicals have been drawn to human rights issues beyond their original focus on their fellow believers .
I recall 10 years ago in Cairo interviewing a mainline Protestant leader who expressed concern that the bill could make things worse , not better , for religious minorities in foreign countries .
He put it something like this :
If the U.S. reduces aid to Egypt because of the way Christians are treated here , and the price of bread goes up , we will be blamed .
Have there been any such examples of unintended consequences ?
It appears that the fear that there would be reprisals against religious minorities because their cause was picked up by the American government has not generally materialized .
To my knowledge there have been relatively few cases of this .
But what we are hearing from religious minorities is that they appreciate the fact that the American government has been taking up their cause .
I should say one other thing .
There was a lot of misunderstanding about the legislation .
It never involved the cutoff of humanitarian aid to a country .
The most severe sanction among the whole menu of actions was the cutoff of some nonhumanitarian aid to countries that egregiously practice persecution .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce was quite concerned in 1998 that this legislation would hurt American companies in the global economy .
What has happened in that regard ?
The business lobbies poured millions of dollars into the campaign against the law , and it passed anyway .
I think it ’s safe to say that this legislation has not , in most cases , upset business arrangements with other countries .
It has , however , exposed some cozy relationships between big business and rather bad actors , such as Burma and Sudan .
In that sense , it has nudged some businesses to reassess their business decisions .
Do activists in this movement regret any of the ways they crafted this legislation ?
Put another way , with the benefit of 10 years of hindsight , what would they do differently if they could ?
There are some things that activists would like to see amended , and , in fact , on this anniversary , there has been a push by some of the advocates to actually get the legislation strengthened .
For example , the U.S. ambassador for international religious freedom is somewhat buried in the State Department bureaucracy , leaving the promotion of religious freedom in the State Department largely quarantined from the mainstream of American diplomatic efforts .
So I think activists would like to see the ambassador ’s position elevated so that the ambassador would sit in on high - level diplomatic meetings within the State Department .
Activists would also like to see a greater focus by the White House on this issue .
What ’s next for this movement promoting religious freedom ?
I think there will be an effort by advocates to have the next Congress and the next presidential administration more vigorously enforce the legislation and amend it to make this an even more high - profile part of America ’s global leadership .
Photo credit : iStockPhoto
This transcript has been edited for clarity , spelling and grammar .
The brochure , which is being sent to voters in Virginia and Missouri , features a picture of what is either a plane about to crash into a building full of people or an airport departure gate , along with the words : " Terrorists Do n't Care Who They Hurt . "
The other side of the mailer says : " Barack Obama Thinks Terrorists Just Need a Good Talking To . "
Controversial ?
Yes .
But is McCain proud of it ?
Absolutely , according to an interview McCain gave to KDSD , a local television station in Missouri .
In the interview , McCain is shown the flier and asked if he 's proud of it .
" Absolutely , " he said .
Sam SteinHuffPostThe New Republic published an explosive story Saturday evening detailing how John McCain , in all likelihood , leaked information to investigators of the Keating Five scandal that was designed to help his image at the expense of the other four Senators involved .
If the allegation is true -- and TNR makes a healthy case as to its veracity -- it would mean that McCain violated Senate rules and could have been expelled from that body .
" All five senators -- including McCain -- had testified under oath and under the U.S. penal code that the leaks did not come from their camps , " Sahil Mahtani reports .
" The leaks were also prohibited by rules of the Senate Ethics Committee ; according to the rules of the Senate , anyone caught leaking such information could face expulsion from the body .
" But this is not be the only instance in which McCain defied the rules of the Senate when seeking to absolve himself of any wronging in the Keating affair .
Public records in Arizona reveal that the Senator was also dishonest in discussing the extent of financial transactions he and his family had with the disgraced Savings and Loans chief .
( More here .
It 's hard to tell if a laser that costs $ 1,700 is a toy , but since Wicked Lasers asked us if we'd like to take a look at some of its products ... yeah , I 'm going to call it a toy , call dibs on the review , and see what that much money gets you in terms of laser .
I will say this : the Spyder II GX is an amazing product .
Holding something so powerful and expensive is a joy , in and of itself ; the construction is top - notch on the unit .
You know the possibilities for shenanigans are infinite when postal service rules keep the rechargeable batteries from being shipped in the same container as the laser itself .
If I 'm going to play with expensive science toys , I need to be prepared : I asked for eye protection , and they were nice enough to provide me a nice set of eye wear .
The lab coat and clip board I had to purchase on my own .
I pinged Wicked Lasers to see if I had to worry about local laws .
" There are laws about using them for criminal acts .
One should never point a laser at vehicles , aircraft , animals , pedestrians , houses or anything that someone could complain about ( all the obvious stuff ) .
However when using the product in a respectful setting and using them wisely , you should have no problems , " I was told .
I promised not to use my laser for criminal acts .
So far the product has been very impressive in every way , although I 'll save the details for the full review .
Is there anything you would like to know about a laser of this power ?
What would you do with it ?
Give me a heads up about what you 'd like to see in the review , and I 'll see if I can make it happen .
They ’re from the DC area and New York City , and according to McCain today , all of us who live in the DC area and New York City are elitists who go to cocktail parties and turn our noses up at “ real Americans ” – that is , when we ’re not being attacked by Al Qaeda .
What a desperate , hateful , arrogant , shell of a real man McCain has turned into .
( Not to mention , it ’s still funny as hell that McCain , with 12 homes , 13 cars , a wife worth $ 100 m , and a running mate who just went out and bought $ 150,000 in clothing , has the nerve to accuse anyone of being an elitist .
I guess you ’re an elitist in the McCain family when you hit your 13th home and your second $ 100 m . )
Funny , McCain had no problem using footage of New Yorkers dying in the World Trade Center on September 11 during his own convention .
That was a first for US politics , using 9/11 for political gain ( well , okay , not a first as George Bush has been doing it for years ) .
But oh how quickly John McCain tires of New Yorkers .
Are they patriots or elitists ?
Does McCain include New York firefighters when he brands all New Yorkers as fake , elitists who are n’t real Americans ?
He just did .
And the former mayor of New York City is doing robo-calls for McCain now – are those elitist un -American robo-calls ?
What does Giuliani have to say about this smear of our dead and our heros ?
Now watch an adult explain that we are all Americans :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9OhVMHIuO4]
SALTESE , Mont. — Dr. Chris Servheen spends a lot of time mulling a serious scientific question : why did n’t the grizzly bear cross the road ?
The future of the bear may depend on the answer .
The mountains in and around Glacier National Park teem with bears .
A recently concluded five - year census found 765 grizzlies in northwestern Montana , more than three times the number of bears as when it was listed as a threatened species in 1975 .
To the south lies a swath of federally protected wilderness much larger than Yellowstone , where the habitat is good , and there are no known grizzlies .
They were wiped out 50 years ago to protect sheep .
One of the main reasons they have not returned is Interstate 90 .
To arrive from the north , a bear would have to climb over a nearly three - foot high concrete Jersey barrier , cross two lanes of road , braving 75 - to 80 - mile - an hour traffic , climb a higher Jersey barrier , cross two more lanes of traffic and climb yet another barrier .
“ It ’s the most critical wildlife corridor in the country , ” said Dr. Servheen , grizzly bear recovery coordinator for the federal Fish and Wildlife Service , of the linkage between the two habitats .
オブジェクト倶楽部2008秋イベントでもあったもの、でUstream.tvでの配信を担当しました。当日の動画を
ニコニコ動画にアップロードした のでお報せします。ust担当としての感想などは あとで書く 書いた 。
上のエントリで動画公開をアナウンスしたファンクション倶楽部の装備について簡単にまとめておきます。今回は ( car ( cdr '(y a ) ) )
という居酒屋での開催だったため、勉強会やミニカンファレンスを行うための設備は一切なし。すべて自分たちで調達するしかなく、各方面に大変お世話になりました。
いつも色んなイベント でUstream.tv経由の配信や後日公開される動画にお世話になっているので、自分もいちど配信をやってみたいと思っていた(録画だけは何度かやってる)。そこで今回の配信に挑戦してみた結論としては、おまえらはもっと配信担当に感謝すべき。
会場設営用ハードウェア
60インチの自立式携帯型ロールスクリーンは、EPSONのELPSC07。技術評論社さんのご厚意に甘えてお借りしました。
勤務先の会議室のプロジェクター。
いつもは福井本社 とTV会議するために使っているマイク。
おなじくマイクアン プ( AT - MA2 ) 。
オフィスのフロアに転がっていたPC用の外部スピーカー(劣悪だったなあ ) 。
配信用ハードウェ ア
配信用ソフトウェ ア
たぶん定番だと思うものでなんとかなった :
CamTwist 。PinP( Picture in Pictureのことらしい。2画面合成するやつ)するのに使った。カメラは、上述のDVカメラでスクリーンを撮ってメインに、MacBook ProのiSightで講演者っぽいところを写しているものをサブにした。iSightのカメラにはときどき作業している自分のツラが映り込んでいた。修行が足りない。
soundflower。iTunesから出る音と、ラインに接続したマイクの音声とをまとめるのに使った。最初はどうしたらいいのか皆目見当がつかなかったのだけど、LineInと組み合わせたらできた。
さらに今回 はMacが現場でのスピーカーアンプも兼ねていたので、Ustream.tvに音声を載せる以外にもモニター用の音声出力先が必要だった。これもやり方がわからなかったのだけれど、LineInをコピーしてrename、2つ起動してsoundflowerでまとめた音声をヘッドホン端子側にも出力するようにしたらできた。
配信、録画と公 開
配信から公開までのノウハウは、札幌Ruby会議01のcojiさんのLTを通じて知った。coji++
感想など
今回はミムラくんの発表の途中で一度イーモバの接続が切れたので、彼の発表だけテープからサルベージした。イーモバが切れたのはこのときだけで、あとはずっと安定してた。
ほんとう はTechTalk.jpへの敬意を表して、拙いながらも配信・公開までこぎつけられた結果としての動画公開アナウンスもtechtalk.jpでやりたかった――のだけど、Movable Typeの使い方がまったくわからず、即刻諦めてしまった。ざんねん。
まとめると、いまや配信と録画が公開されることが空気のように期待されるIT勉強会やカンファレンスだけれども、気は遣うし作業も(自動化できる部分はあるにしても)それなりにあるので、やっぱり大変です。みんなもっと配信作業を担ってくれる人たちに感謝しよう ><
でも、やってみると面白いのは確かで、配信好きをこじらせると以下のようなブースになってしまう気持ちが少しだけわかる気がした。
( 写真はcocooooooon撮影のものを借りた ) また機会があったらやってみたい。
The beer phone is n't the most full - featured phone available , what with its lack of a screen making everything from texting to emailing to web surfing impossible , but it is shaped like a beer bottle .
And that 's more than you can say for your precious Blackberry or iPhone .
Also , it 's only $ 12 because it 's actually just a landline phone .
So if you 've still got a landline for some reason and also like to have normal household objects remind you of your dependence on alcohol , you really can't go wrong .
[ SourcingMap via ShinyShiny ]
Advertisement
Month after month , the nation 's attention seems to ping - pong back and forth between the world 's two egregious nuclear malefactors , North Korea and Iran .
For the last few weeks , all eyes have been on North Korea , as the nation 's idiosyncratic leadership began reopening a plant that manufactures weapons - grade plutonium .
Christopher Hill , an assistant secretary of state , met , to no effect , with North Korea 's leaders in Pyongyang last week -_ a visit that would have been inconceivable while hawks still dominated the Bush administration .
But , as anyone might guess , the problems in Iran did not suddenly freeze while everyone looked east .
In fact several recent developments leave the strong suggestion that Israel is preparing to attack Iran _ with significant help from the United States .
You may remember that Israel carried out a major military exercise involving more than 100 F - 16 and F - 15 fighter jets over the Eastern Mediterranean last June .
At the time , American officials said the exercise appeared to be a rehearsal for a bombing attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities .
And Shaul Mofaz , an Iranian - born former army chief of staff and defense minister , warned that " if Iran continues with its program for developing nuclear weapons , we will attack " _ just as Israel bombed a suspected nuclear site in Syria last year .
The likelihood of an American attack has diminished .
American commanders " think it would complicate the situation in Iraq and the region , " John Bolton , the former U.N. ambassador , told me .
He favors an attack but says " the Bush administration was much more inclined to do it a few years ago . "
Secretaries Condoleezza Rice and Robert Gates , at State and Defense - _ relative moderates within the Bush administration - now dominate discussion of issues like this .
Conflicting signals
Would Washington support an Israeli attack ?
Recently , the administration has given clear signals that it would not .
But then , why did the Pentagon announce last month that it planned to sell Israel 1,000 new GBU - 39 bunker - busting bombs ?
They are small weapons that can be dropped from the wings of the fighter jets in Israel 's air force .
Each can penetrate 6 feet of reinforced concrete .
If several aircraft hit the same target the total penetration could be much deeper .
Why does Israel need those bombs ?
Israeli military analysts have been saying they are for attacking underground weapons depots in Gaza or southern Lebanon .
Perhaps .
But then , why about the same time did the Pentagon agree to sell Israel sophisticated upgrades for the country 's Patriot anti-missile missiles _ and send more than 100 technicians to install them ?
If Israel attacked , Iran has warned that it would fire volleys of ballistic missiles in response .
And there 's more : Just last week came the news that the United States has deployed an advanced early - warning radar system in Israel for detecting incoming missiles .
It is so sophisticated that , for now , U.S. Army crews will be stationed there to operate it .
Hall of mirrors ?
Bolton and others advised against " reading all of that into this , " as he put it .
The United States continually sells military equipment to Israel .
Most years the United States gives Israel about US $ 2 billion in military aid , and it must be spent on American arms .
What is more , Abbas Milani , an expert on Iran at Stanford University , told me that the Iranian press of late has been saying " the time is past " when the United States might attack .
And while there is some concern about Israel , the Iranian papers correctly note that the country is locked in negotiations to form a new government that are n't likely to be settled for several weeks .
Israel would not attack before a new government forms .
At the same time , though , Israelis certainly saw Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , the Iranian president , telling the United Nations last month that " the Zionist regime is on a definite slide toward collapse , and there is no way for it to get out of this cesspool . "
Still , all of this may be a hall of mirrors .
The United States may be arming Israel purely for defensive reasons .
Israel 's military exercises and blustery threats may simply be the state 's way of warning Iran .
On the other hand , the Bush administration 's statements cautioning Israel may simply be an attempt to prevent Iran from blaming Washington if Israel does attack .
In any case , Bolton said , " Israel 's decision will not be based on what the Pentagon wants . "
And if Israel does attack , Iran will consider Washington responsible , no matter what the administration has said .
" So if the U.S. is going to be blamed anyway , " Bolton offered , " we ought to go ahead and assist them . "
READER COMMENTS ON
" Video : Make This One Count ! "
( 8 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... TiaL said on 11/3/2008 @ 4:57 pm PT ...
Give us an update on the Connell hearing .
I have been waiting for that .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/3/2008 @ 5:49 pm PT ...
You probably want to watch the top video at this link .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 11/3/2008 @ 6:31 pm PT ...
That is such a GREAT video !!
Disgraceful that such things are necessary in the Unites States of America .
But we are gonna WIN this !!
We are gonna WIN THIS TOGETHER !!!!!!
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Vman said on 11/3/2008 @ 7:19 pm PT ...
Ideas for Self Motivated Elecxtion Protectiuon ' Citizen ' Video Coverage
Videographers can develop their own plan for participation as a citizen jounalist .
Video - the - vote videographers can use this as well prior to being dispatched because of complaints received at the 1 - 866 - OUR - VOTE election complaint hotline .
Or in the case of complete election meltdown .
Or in case the Videothevote.org data base is in error or you have n't signed up and want to help video the 2008 election process .
Go to videothevote.org - Resources Links - to educate yourself on what you NEED to know .
Vital Phone Numbers for Lawyers , non-partisan conduct guidelines , name tags , legal considerations ( releases ) etc .
Here are some ideas for videographers to self motivate their coverage .
1 ) Decide which county or counties you want to cover or suspect there may be problems .
2 ) Obtain a list and printout from the election board or county clerks office website of Voting / Polling Precints , usually a numbered list including the address for each polling station / precint .
3 ) Call local ( county ) political party headquarters in your county (s ) of selected coverage .
Get a list from someone at the party headquarters of the precints that fit these criteria : large college student , minority , or low income or democratic voter populations , etc .
Find out where votes are counted ( usually the court house ) and see if you can participate as an observer via the local party headquarters .
Speak with Communication Director ( or leave a message - get their number ) and give them your cell phone number ( in effect making them also a dispatcher for you if there are problems ) .
Some political partys may have a better idea of early voting problems or have insight into which precints may benefit from non-partisan election coverage .
Go to Black BoxVoting .
Org for tips on what to look for regarding memory tapes , seals etc .
4 ) Once you have your targeted list of precints , mapquest their locations and print maps .
On election day , visit a political party 's headquarters and let them know you are available as a non partisan citizen video journalist in the area if problems arise .
Again be sure they have your cell .
5 ) If you have a laptop and can capture and upload remotely :
Search : Free Wireless Access Town Name
Libraries , may have open wireless available outside on the street .
Local coffee shops ?
etc .
Upload short and dynamic 30 - 60 second clips AVI or WMV 640X480 files at Videothevote.org
6 ) Make a game plan and go for it .
7 ) Bring folding camp chairs etc if lines are long for seniors etc .
Hot chocolate , cold drinks , water etc .
Do n't forget your umbrellas and extra batteries , extension cords , ac adapters , and chargers .
Tripods ?
There may be a nearby indoor location that may be sympathetic to conducting interviews .
Check you audio .
PRO - TECH the vote !!!
Palin Administration : Portrait of Patronage
Created : October 24 , 2008 10:37 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Describing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ’s tendency to appoint her friends to high - level state jobs , The New York Times wrote last month that “ The Wasilla [ Alaska ] High School yearbook archive now doubles as a veritable directory of state government . ”
TWI ’s Laura McGann reported yesterday about Palin ’s tendency to reward her friends with cushy jobs .
The Los Angeles Times today provides some more details , illustrating that , in a state already legendary for rampant corruption and cronyism , the Palin administration stood out as a hotbed of patronage .
Palin often tells audiences that , as governor , she “ took on the good ol ’ boy network ” in her home state .
However , according to The Los Angeles Times , Palin replaced the old “ good ol ’ boy network ” with one of her own .
From the article :
More than 100 appointments to state posts — nearly 1 in 4 — went to campaign contributors or their relatives , sometimes without apparent regard to qualifications .
Palin filled 16 state offices with appointees from families that donated $ 2,000 to $ 5,600 and were among her top political patrons .
Several of Palin ’s leading campaign donors received state - subsidized industrial development loans of up to $ 3.6 million for business ventures of questionable public value .
Palin picked a donor to replace the public safety commissioner she fired .
But the new top cop had to resign days later under an ethics cloud .
And Palin drew a formal ethics complaint still pending against her and several aides for allegedly helping another donor and fund - raiser land a state job .
The article quotes a University of Alaska historian who describes Palin as having a “ penchant for placing supporters , many of them ill - prepared , in high posts ”
According to article , “ all five Palin selections for the powerful Natural Gas Development Authority , which oversees a proposed gas pipeline project were donors ” — a fact that may cloud the McCain campaign ’s praise for Palin ’s work in negotiating a $ 40 - billion natural gas pipeline .
If you stack the government ’s deck with your supporters , how tough can the negotiations with the energy industry really be ?
Palin ’s friends from Wasilla also received choice appointments to the office of attorney general and to the state agricultural division .
In the latter case , the woman appointed was previously a real - estate agent who cited a “ childhood love of cows ” as a qualification .
The article contains many more examples .
With the Bush administration ’s politicization of the Justice Dept. , failed response to hurricane Katrina and corporate profiteering from the war in Iraq , the United States has seen what can happen when powerful politicians put personal loyalty and political connections ahead of actual qualifications for high - level government posts .
Palin ’s apparent record in Alaska could provide a window into what a Palin vice presidency might look like .
By Irwin Loy
Published October 10 , 2008 10:36 am |
Half of voters are sick of hearing about new poll results , the results of a new poll suggest .
A national survey by Strategic Communications found almost half of respondents , 49 per cent , said there was " too much polling reported in the media . "
Only 6.1 per cent said there was not enough .
" People are pretty tired of all the polling during the federal election , " Stratcom CEO Bob Penner concluded .
The pollster and political strategist criticized coverage of daily tracking polls in particular , in which minute overnight changes are reported as substantial shifts in voting intentions .
" What we always tell our clients is , do n't pay attention to the minor changes on a daily basis , " said Penner , whose clients have included NGOs , labour unions and the federal and provincial NDP .
" You 've got to look at the longer term trends of these things .
It 's not like somebody watches the news at night and changes their voting decision based on one ad they 've seen . "
Percentage - point changes from day to day often fall within a poll 's margin of error .
" So most days , nothing is really changing except we 're looking at sampling error , " said Penner , who contends many of the polling firms who engage in daily tracking are just looking for free advertising for their main businesses : commercial market research .
" A lot of the big pollsters are doing it because it 's just good promotion for them , " he said .
" Political polling gets them in the news . "
But pollster Nik Nanos says his daily tracking polls are more valuable than larger surveys conducted over lengthier periods .
He cites recent polls taken in Quebec as an example .
The trend in daily results from Nanos Research , he said , reflected shifting opinions as Prime Minister Stephen Harper got in hot water over controversies over culture and crime policies .
Those changes were n't reflected in larger , lengthier polls .
" You need a daily thermometer reading to understand the trends , " he said .
The problem , said Nanos , is in how media report the day - to - day changes .
A news outlet , for example , may see a percentage - point shift over one day and report it as a sudden spike in popularity .
" The reality is , they should be focusing on the trend - is it changing or not ? "
Nanos said .
" The greatest value in these nightly tracking polls is in the trend line , not the day to day change . "
In completely unrelated news , the latest daily Harris / Decima national poll shows the Conservatives have increased their lead over the Liberals in just one day , stretching what was a four - percentage point gap into a mammoth five - point crater .
The Strategic Communications poll asked :
How do you feel about daily polls conducted during the current federal election period that are reported in the media ?
Do you feel that there is too much polling reported in the media , just the right amount of polling reported in the media , or not enough polling ?
1 . Too much polling 2 . Just right amount of polling 3 .
Not enough media polling 4 . Do n't Know
According to Stratcom : " These results are drawn from a Strategic Communications National Online Survey , which interviewed a nationally representative sample of 1,202 adult Canadians over the period of October 2nd to 6th , 2008 . "
Stratcom did n't offer a margin of error , saying the traditional formula for calculating it is not applicable to online polling .
My LA Times Op Ed on Photo ID Checks at Airport
Opinion
The TSA ’s useless photo ID rules
No -fly lists and photo IDs are supposed to help protect the flying public from terrorists .
Except that they do n’t work .
By Bruce Schneier
August 28 , 2008
The TSA is tightening its photo ID rules at airport security .
Previously , people with expired IDs or who claimed to have lost their IDs were subjected to secondary screening .
Then the Transportation Security Administration realized that meant someone on the government ’s no-fly list — the list that is supposed to keep our planes safe from terrorists — could just fly with no ID .
Now , people without ID must also answer personal questions from their credit history to ascertain their identity .
The TSA will keep records of who those ID - less people are , too , in case they ’re trying to probe the system .
This may seem like an improvement , except that the photo ID requirement is a joke .
Anyone on the no-fly list can easily fly whenever he wants .
Even worse , the whole concept of matching passenger names against a list of bad guys has negligible security value .
How to fly , even if you are on the no-fly list :
Buy a ticket in some innocent person ’s name .
At home , before your flight , check in online and print out your boarding pass .
Then , save that web page as a PDF and use Adobe Acrobat to change the name on the boarding pass to your own .
Print it again .
At the airport , use the fake boarding pass and your valid ID to get through security .
At the gate , use the real boarding pass in the fake name to board your flight .
The problem is that it is unverified passenger names that get checked against the no-fly list .
At security checkpoints , the TSA just matches IDs to whatever is printed on the boarding passes .
The airline checks boarding passes against tickets when people board the plane .
But because no one checks ticketed names against IDs , the security breaks down .
This vulnerability is n’t new .
It is n’t even subtle .
I wrote about it in 2003 , and again in 2006 .
I asked Kip Hawley , who runs the TSA , about it in 2007 .
Today , any terrorist smart enough to Google “ print your own boarding pass ” can bypass the no-fly list .
This gaping security hole would bother me more if the very idea of a no - fly list were n’t so ineffective .
The system is based on the faulty notion that the feds have this master list of terrorists , and all we have to do is keep the people on the list off the planes .
That ’s just not true .
The no -fly list — a list of people so dangerous they are not allowed to fly yet so innocent we ca n’t arrest them — and the less dangerous “ watch list ” contain a combined 1 million names representing the identities and aliases of an estimated 400,000 people .
There are n’t that many terrorists out there ; if there were , we would be feeling their effects .
Almost all of the people stopped by the no-fly list are false positives .
It catches innocents such as Ted Kennedy , whose name is similar to someone ’s on the list , and Yusuf Islam ( formerly Cat Stevens ) , who was on the list but no one knew why .
The no-fly list is a Kafkaesque nightmare for the thousands of innocent Americans who are harassed and detained every time they fly .
Put on the list by unidentified government officials , they ca n’t get off .
They ca n’t challenge the TSA about their status or prove their innocence .
( The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals decided this month that no -fly passengers can sue the FBI , but that strategy has n’t been tried yet . )
But even if these lists were complete and accurate , they would n’t work .
Timothy McVeigh , the Unabomber , the D.C. snipers , the London subway bombers and most of the 9/11 terrorists were n’t on any list before they committed their terrorist acts .
And if a terrorist wants to know if he’s on a list , the TSA has approved a convenient , $ 100 service that allows him to figure it out : the Clear program , which issues IDs to “ trusted travelers ” to speed them through security lines .
Just apply for a Clear card ; if you get one , you ’re not on the list .
In the end , the photo ID requirement is based on the myth that we can somehow correlate identity with intent .
We can’t .
And instead of wasting money trying , we would be far safer as a nation if we invested in intelligence , investigation and emergency response — security measures that are n’t based on a guess about a terrorist target or tactic .
That ’s the TSA : Not doing the right things .
Not even doing right the things it does .
Posted on September 1 , 2008 at 5:15 AM • 60 Comments
( this is a small rant about why I like bzr less and less and like git more and more ; this is only a personal experience , not a general git vs bzr thing , take it as such ) .
Source control systems are a vital tool for any serious software project .
They provide an history of the project , are an invaluable tool for release process , etc …
When I started to develop some code outside school exercises , I wanted to learn one for my own projects .
Using svn
This was not so long ago – 3 - 4 years ago , and at that time , SVN was the logical choice .
I wanted to use it on my machine , to keep history , and being able to go back ; since I mainly code for scientific research , the time and rollback aspects were particularly important .
Using SVN did not really make sense to me at that time :
Using it to track other projects was of course easy ( checking out , log , commit ) , but I could not really understand how to use it for my own projects :
I could not understand their branches and tags concept .
Note that I did not even know what those terms mean at that time ; I did not understand why it would matter at all where I would put the tags and branches , why I needed to copy things for tags , etc …
From the svn-book , it was not really clear what the difference between branch and tags was .
Setting up svn on one machine is awkward :
Why should I create a repository somewhere , and populate it from somewhere else ?
How should I do backup of the repository ?
Getting back in time is unintuitive : you have to “ merge back ” in time the revisions you want to rollback .
This is really error prone .
Bzr , the first source control which made sense to me
At the end , I found easier to just use tarballs to save the state of my projects ( my projects are always quite small ) .
Then , a bit more than two years ago , I discovered bzr ( bzr - ng at that time ) : it was a better arch , the SCS developed by Tom Lord for distributed development .
Arch always intrigued me , but was extremely awkward : it could not handle windows very well , there were strange filenames , and it was source code invasive .
Even checking out other projects like rhythmbox was painful .
bzr on the contrary was really simple :
Creating a new project ?
bzr init in the top directory , and then adding the code and committing .
No separate directory for the db , no “ bzradmin ” to create the repository
branches and tags ( tags came a bit later in bzr , starting at version 0.15 IIRC ) were dead easy : bzr branch to create the branch , no need to use some copy commands , etc .. tags are even easier .
I have used bzr ever since for all my projects ; in the mean time , I have been much more involved with several open source projects , which all use svn , and I always felt svn was an inferior , more complicated tool compared to bzr .
With bzr , I understood what branch could be used for , and more generally how a SCS
can be helpful for development .
Since bzr was so pleasant to use , I of course wanted to use it for the projects I was involved with , so I was really excited by bzr - svn to track svn repositories .
Unfortunately , bzr - svn has never been a really pleasant
experience .
One problem was that the python wrapper of libsvn were really buggy ( to the point that bzr - svn has now its own wrapper ) .
Also , it was extremely slow to import revisions , and failed on some repositories I used bzr - svn on .
That ’s how I started to look at other tools , in particular hg : hg had an ability to import svn , and it was more reliable than bzr - svn in my experience .
But it was not really practical to use to commit back to svn repository , so I never investigated this really deeply .
Bzr annoyances
At the same time , there were some things which I was never thrilled by with bzr .
Two in particular :
One branch per directory
That ’s a conscious design decision from bzr developers .
This means it is a bit simpler to know where you are ( a branch is a path ) , but I find it awkward when you need to compare branches / need to “ jump ” from branch to branch .
When you are deep down inside the tree of your project , comparing branches ( diff , log , etc … ) becomes annoying because you have to refer to branch form their path .
Revision numbers
Each commit is assigned a revid by bzr , which is a unique number per repository .
That ’s the number bzr deals with internally .
But for most UI purpose , you deal with revno , that is simple integers numbers : of course , because of the distributed nature of bzr , those numbers are not unique for a repository , only within a branch .
I find this extremely confusing .
Again , this appears more clearly when comparing several branches at the same time .
For example , when I have not worked on a project for a long time , I may not remember the relative state of different branches : the bzr command missing is then very useful to know which commits are unique to one branch .
But the numbers mean different things in different branches , which mean they are useless in that case ; being useless would have actually been ok , but they are in fact very confusing .
For example , I recently went back to a branch I have not worked on for more than one month .
Let ’s say my current development focus in in branch A , and I wanted to see the status of branch B. I can use bzr missing for that purpose .
I can see that 5 revisions , from 300 to 305 are missing .
I then go into branch B , and study a bit the source code , in particular with bzr blame .
I see some code with revision under 300 in branch B , which I could not see in branch A . Now , this was confusing : any revision before 300 is in A too according to bzr missing , so how is it possible for bzr blame to report difference code in A and B , for a section commited with a revno < 300 ?
The reason is that revision 305 is actually a merge , and when going through the detailed log in branch B , I can see that revision 305 contains 296.1.1 , then 299.1 , 299.2 , 299.3 and 299.4 .
I ca n’t see how this a useful behavior .
Maybe I am biased as someone doing a lot of math all day long , but having 296.1.1 after 304 does not make any sense to me .
What ’s the point of using supposedly simple numbers when they have arbitrary ordering , which changes depending on where you are seeing them ?
SVN revno were already quite confusing when using branches , but bzr made it worse in my opinion .
Nitpicks
There were also things which were less significant for me , but still unpleasant : bzr startup is really slow , its use in script not really useful – if you want to do anything substantial , you have to study the plugin API .
Also , it tarted to become a bit inflexible for some things : for example , incorporating a second project also tracked by bzr into a first project is difficult ( if not impossible ; I could never manage to do it ) , history - related perations are often slow , using a lot of branches takes a lot of space unless you are using shared repository which feel like an hack more than a real solution , etc …
( Re ) - Discovering git
About the same time , I had to use git for one project which I was interested in .
I found it much easier to use than when I looked at it for the first time .
There was no cogito anymore , the basic commands were like bzr .
I decided to give git - svn a try , and it was much faster than bzr - svn to import some projects ; the repositories were extremely small [ 1 ] .
Also , although git UI is still quite arcane , I found git itself a pleasure to use : it felt simple , because the concept were simple – much more than bzr , in fact .
sha - 1 for revision are not awkward , because you barely use them at the UI level ( git UI is very powerful for human - revision handling : no number , but you can easily ask for parent in a branch or in the DAG relatively to a given revision , you can look by commiters , by string in the commit or the code , by date , etc… ) ; bzr revno feel like an hack after being used to git .
For example , wherever I am , if I want to compare branch2 to branch1 , in git I can do :
git log branch1.. branch2 git diff branch1.. branch2
Also , git is scriptable , which is appealing to the Unix user in me .
I can understand the POV of bzr developers concerning extensibility with plugin ( it is not unlike the argument of UNIX pipe vs Windows COM extensions as developed by Miguel in his Let ’s make Unix not suck [ 2 ] ) , but I prefer the git model at the end .
Bzr decision to go toward extensibility with plugins is not without merit : I think the good error report from bzr is partly a consequence of this choice .
OTOH , git messages can be cryptic ; but git simplicity at the core level makes this much less significant than I first expected .
A key git difference compared to bzr is that git is really just a content tracker .
It does not track directory at all , or filenames for example : it instead tries to detect when you rename files .
I remember at least once then this was mentioned on bzr ML [ 3 ] , where a bzr developer argued that bzr could do like git , while keeping explicit meta information ( when you tell bzr to rename a file ) .
One obvious drawback is that depending on how the change was made to the tree , patch vs merge for example , bzr behavior will be different ; this is very serious in my opinion .
Specially for a language like python , where the files / directory name matters , directory renames should be quickly propagated , and can never be done lightly anyway .
And it means git can be much better at dealing with renames when import external data , merge between unrelated branches , etc …
Because its algorithm for renames detection is used all the time , it has to work quite well .
It is a bit similar to the merge capability of distributed SCS : there is no reason for them to be inherently better at merging , but because they would be unusable without good merge tracking capability , this has to work reliably from the start in DVCS .
Even if in theory , bzr could detect renames like git ( in addition to its explicit rename handling ) , in practice , it has not happened , and as far as I am aware , nobody has done any work in that direction .
Another advantage of git I did not mention , but that ’s because it has been rehashed ad nauseam , and it is the most obvious one to anyone using both tools : git is incredibly fast .
Many things I would never do with bzr because it would take too much time are doable with git ; sometimes , git favor speed to much ( in its rename detection , for example : you should really be aware of the -M and - C options in log and other history - related command ) , but even when telling git to spend time detecting renames , it is still much faster than bzr .
Finally , git is getting a lot of traction : it is used by Linux , Xorg , android , RoR , a lot of freedesktop projects , is being discussed for KDE .
This means it will become even better , and that other DVCS will have a very hard time to compete .
As a very concrete example : Git UI improvements were much more significant than bzr speed improvements during the last year ( bzr speed has not improved much in my experience since 0.92 and the pack format : long history and network make bzr almost unusable for big projects with large history contributed by a large team across the world ; OTOH , git 1.5.3 was the first git version which I could use without hurting my head too much ) .
For all those reasons – simplicity of the core model , flexibility , scriptability , and speed – I think I will start to use git for all my projects , and give up on bzr .
I think bzr is still superior to git for some things , and
depending on the project or the tree you are tracking , bzr may be better ( in particular because it tracks directories , which git does not , and this can matter ; I am also not sure whether git would be appropriate for tracking /etc or your $ HOME ) .
[ 1 ] for every project I have imported so far , the git clone is as big or smaller than a svn checkout ; you read that right : one revision checked out from svn is often bigger than a full history ; I have imported the full history of numpy , scipy , scikits on my github account , and I have not used much more than half of my 100 Mb account )
[ 2 ]
http://primates.ximian.com/~miguel/bongo-bong.html
[ 3 ]
https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/bazaar/2007q3/028591.html
Yes , the Republican Party spent a fair chunk of change to spruce up Sarah Palin 's wardrobe as she made her entree onto the national political scene .
But after the campaign ends , the new clothes purchased for her and some family members are headed to charities .
" It was always the intent that the clothing go to a charitable purpose after the campaign , " said Tracey Schmitt of John McCain 's campaign .
Schmitt also said : " With all of the important issues facing the country right now , it ’s remarkable that we ’re spending time talking about pantsuits and blouses . "
Should some charity down the road decide to auction off those pantsuits and blouses , though , we imagine we 'll be talking about them again .
The bidding for them could be hot and heavy .
-- Don Frederick
2 The Seven Myths of Erlang Performance
Some truths seem to live on well beyond their best - before date , perhaps because " information " spreads faster from person - to - person than a single release note that says , for example , that body - recursive calls have become faster .
This section tries to kill the old truths ( or semi- truths ) that have become myths .
According to the myth , using a tail - recursive function that builds a list in reverse followed by a call to lists : reverse / 1 is faster than a body - recursive function that builds the list in correct order ; the reason being that body - recursive functions use more memory than tail - recursive functions .
That was true to some extent before R12B .
It was even more true before R7B .
Today , not so much .
A body - recursive function generally uses the same amount of memory as a tail - recursive function .
It is generally not possible to predict whether the tail - recursive or the body - recursive version will be faster .
Therefore , use the version that makes your code cleaner ( hint : it is usually the body - recursive version ) .
For a more thorough discussion about tail and body recursion , see Erlang 's Tail Recursion is Not a Silver Bullet .
Note A tail - recursive function that does not need to reverse the list at the end is faster than a body - recursive function , as are tail - recursive functions that do not construct any terms at all ( for example , a function that sums all integers in a list ) .
The ++ operator has , somewhat undeservedly , got a bad reputation .
It probably has something to do with code like the following , which is the most inefficient way there is to reverse a list :
DO NOT
naive_reverse( [ H|T ] ) -> naive_reverse( T ) ++[ H ] ; naive_reverse ( [ ] ) -> [ ] .
As the ++ operator copies its left operand , the result is copied repeatedly , leading to quadratic complexity .
But using ++ as follows is not bad :
OK
naive_but_ok_reverse([ H|T ] , Acc ) -> naive_but_ok_reverse( T , [ H ] ++Acc ) ; naive_but_ok_reverse([ ] , Acc ) -> Acc .
Each list element is copied only once .
The growing result Acc is the right operand for the ++ operator , and it is not copied .
Experienced Erlang programmers would write as follows :
DO
vanilla_reverse( [ H|T ] , Acc ) -> vanilla_reverse( T , [ H|Acc ] ) ; vanilla_reverse([ ] , Acc ) -> Acc .
This is slightly more efficient because here you do not build a list element only to copy it directly .
( Or it would be more efficient if the compiler did not automatically rewrite [ H ] ++ Acc to [ H|Acc ] . )
String handling can be slow if done improperly .
In Erlang , you need to think a little more about how the strings are used and choose an appropriate representation .
If you use regular expressions , use the re module in STDLIB instead of the obsolete regexp module .
The repair time is still proportional to the number of records in the file , but Dets repairs used to be much slower in the past .
Dets has been massively rewritten and improved .
BEAM is a register - based virtual machine .
It has 1024 virtual registers that are used for holding temporary values and for passing arguments when calling functions .
Variables that need to survive a function call are saved to the stack .
BEAM is a threaded - code interpreter .
Each instruction is word pointing directly to executable C - code , making instruction dispatching very fast .
That was once true , but from R6B the BEAM compiler can see that a variable is not used .
Similarly , trivial transformations on the source - code level such as converting a case statement to clauses at the top - level of the function seldom makes any difference to the generated code .
Rewriting Erlang code to a NIF to make it faster should be seen as a last resort .
It is only guaranteed to be dangerous , but not guaranteed to speed up the program .
Doing too much work in each NIF call will degrade responsiveness of the VM .
Doing too little work may mean that the gain of the faster processing in the NIF is eaten up by the overhead of calling the NIF and checking the arguments .
Be sure to read about Long- running NIFs before writing a NIF .
Did you know that it is against the law to pump your own gas in Oregon ?
For those who live in the Peoples Republic of Oregon , we have to suffer the indignity of being treated like absolute mental incompetents every time we need to fuel up our automobiles .
This " no- self - serve " law was passed in 1951 and should have been repealed long ago .
Although there are many lame excuses as to why this law is still in force , anyone with half - a- brain understands that it is a make - work law forcing gas station owners to hire the barely - employable or those who are just breaking into the work force .
And these pump - jockeys , as far as Oregon ’s lawmakers are concerned , keep us idiot - citizens from harming ourselves , others , and mother nature herself .
Indeed , you may detect a bit of an edge to this essay and I ’ll explain why soon .
However , my primary objective is to propose dozens of new laws — which are currently in force within various locales in the United States — that will transform the State of Oregon into a paradise for Boobus Americanus .
For Oregonians , as reflected in this state ’s left - wing voting pattern , yearn for assistance , guidance , and prodding from our beloved nanny - state .
In 1951 , when the Oregon legislature made it illegal to pump gasoline into one ’s own automobile , it was believed that foolish individuals would mishandle gasoline and cause severe accidents — at least that ’s the story Oregon legislators fed to the public back then .
Over the years , it has become clear that this fear was misplaced as people the world over have managed to fuel up their own automobiles without incinerating themselves or their cars — to be sure , a one - in - a - billion accident occurs now and then , but nothing in life is absolutely safe .
In spite of overwhelming evidence to the contrary , Oregon ’s state officials continue to back the self - serve ban for baseless reasons ( shown below ) that reveal the intellectual horsepower of these do - gooder fascists :
Oregon ’s Department of Environmental Quality supports the ban on self - service gasoline due to inexperienced pumpers being a significant source of groundwater and air pollution .
Oregon ’s state fire marshall supports the ban on self - service gasoline due to the possibility of having one incinerate himself , his car , and / or others .
Law enforcement officials support the law as it prevents gasoline thefts called " drive- offs . "
In states besides Oregon and New Jersey ( which also has a no - self - serve law ) , many gas station owners ignore the requirements outlined in the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) as they do not provide a full - service option for disabled drivers , nor provide those services at self - service rates .
Hence , disabled drivers in Oregon benefit from the self - serve ban .
It is a wonder that airplane travel has n’t been banned in Oregon .
Just think of it , worldwide more people are killed each year in airplane crashes than in self - service gas station mishaps .
When a plane crashes , a forest fire may ensue — thereby killing hundreds of innocent trees .
To make things worse , a plane that crashes may leak fuel and pollute the ground water … and do n’t get me started on airplane exhaust emissions with all that flying around and spreading of greenhouse gases .
Additionally , when was the last time you saw a pilot in a wheelchair or with a white cane ?
Airplane cockpits , obviously , have n’t yet been made ADA compliant .
Yes , the time has come to ban airplane travel in Oregon for it is much too dangerous and unfair to the differently - abled .
You may ask what got me started on this rant .
During one of my recent trips to a gas station , the pump - jockey was a bit overwhelmed by the fact that six cars arrived at nearly the same time seeking to purchase fuel .
This well - tattooed , pierced , pasty - skinned , and emaciated attendant ( all the hallmarks of a meth addict ) was hustling around attempting to service each car as rapidly as possible .
In this man ’s haste , he failed to securely close my SUV ’s gas cap once my gas tank had been filled .
This may not sound like a big deal , but it was .
After a few days of regular commuting , something happened that caused my heart to race , my palms to sweat , and my head to swim .
As I was driving home from work , the SERVICE ENGINE SOON malfunction - indicator light flashed on and stayed on .
The first thought that came to mind was to pull over and look under the hood .
However , the word SOON comforted me enough to finish my commute home — where I would immediately seek information in my SUV ’s owner ’s manual .
All the while , I am worried that a huge auto repair bill is looming in the near future .
To say the least , I was not in a happy state of mind .
As I read about the aforementioned malfunction indicator , I was pleased to read the following passage : " Although your vehicle will usually be drivable and not need towing , have the system checked as soon as possible . "
Thus , I drove home safely .
As I continued reading , unfortunately , my concern grew deeper .
Then I reached the last paragraph and made a surprising discovery — this is the exact verbiage from the owner ’s manual :
If the fuel tank filler tube cap is not securely closed , the light may come on .
Make sure you tighten this cap every time you add fuel .
( Turn the fuel tank filler tube cap clockwise until you hear clicking sounds . )
After reading this passage , I hustled over to my car and checked the gas cap .
It was not securely closed !
That meth - head , pump - jockey failed to complete this simple task .
Without delay , I turned the gas cap until I heard clicking sounds and was confident that I had discovered and solved the problem .
Indeed , after a couple days of commuting to and from work , this indicator light turned off and has stayed off ever since .
Problem , brought about by an imbecilic Oregon law , solved .
Perhaps I ’m being a bit hard on Oregon ’s lawmakers and state officials .
For if I had been wearing a blindfold while driving , I would have never seen the warning indicator that brought me so much stress …and what if there really was a serious problem ?
Or worse yet , what if a moose had been pushed out of an airplane and landed in front of my SUV while I was driving blindfolded ?
My reckless use of blindfolds might have caused me to hit a skydiving moose with my SUV .
Ah , but now I would have roadkill that could be taken home to eat for dinner .
Uh oh , suddenly I am hit with nagging questions as to the legality of driving blindfolded and eating roadkill .
Even more importantly , what if my blindfold happened to be red ?
Would this make the matter more serious for me ?
Thankfully , we have laws ( throughout the U.S. ) which Oregon ’s legislators can adopt in order to bring better clarity , order , and security to me and all of my fellow Oregonians .
Therefore , I move that the Oregon State Legislature immediately adopt every one of the following laws — and I ’m not making these up :
Alabama — it is illegal for a driver to be blindfolded while operating a vehicle .
Alaska — it is considered an offense to push a live moose out of a moving airplane .
Arizona — any misdemeanor committed while wearing a red mask is considered a felony .
Arizona — when being attacked by a criminal or burglar , you may only protect yourself with the same weapon that the other person possesses .
Augusta , Maine — to stroll down the street playing a violin is against the law .
Baltimore , Maryland — it is illegal to take a lion to the movies .
Baltimore , Maryland — it is a violation of city code to sell chicks or ducklings to a minor within one week of the Easter holiday .
Barber , North Carolina — fights between cats and dogs are prohibited .
Bexley , Ohio — the installation and usage of slot machines in outhouses is prohibited .
Boise , Idaho — residents may not fish from a giraffe ’s back .
Chicago , Illinois — it is forbidden to eat in a place that is on fire .
Chico , California — detonating a nuclear device within the city limits results in a $ 500 fine .
Everett , Washington — it is illegal to display a hypnotized or allegedly hypnotized person in a store window .
Fargo , North Dakota — one may be jailed for wearing a hat while dancing , or even for wearing a hat to a function where dancing is taking place .
Georgia — it is illegal to use profanity in front of a dead body which lies in a funeral home or in a coroner ’s office .
Klamath Falls , Oregon — it is illegal to walk down a sidewalk and knock a snakes head off with your cane .
La Crosse , Wisconsin — you may not worry a squirrel .
Memphis , Tennessee — it is illegal to give any pie to fellow diners .
It is also illegal to take unfinished pie home .
All pie must be eaten on the premises .
Milwaukee , Wisconsin — it is against the law to play a flute and drums on the streets to attract attention .
Minnesota — a person may not cross state lines with a duck atop his head .
Montana — it is illegal to have a sheep in the cab of your truck without a chaperone .
Nebraska — it is illegal for bar owners to sell beer unless they are simultaneously brewing a kettle of soup .
New Hampshire — you cannot sell the clothes you are wearing to pay off a gambling debt .
Oklahoma — it is illegal to have the hind legs of farm animals in your boots .
Pennsylvania — ministers are forbidden from performing marriages when either the bride or groom is drunk .
Rhode Island — any marriage where either of the parties is an idiot or lunatic is null and void .
San Francisco , California — it is illegal to pile horse manure more than six feet high on a street corner .
Seattle , Washington — you may not carry a concealed weapon that is over six feet in length .
Tennessee — driving is not to be done while asleep .
Trout Creek , Utah — pharmacists may not sell gunpowder to cure headaches .
Vermont — women must obtain written permission from their husbands to wear false teeth .
Washington — it is mandatory for a motorist with criminal intentions to stop at the city limits and telephone the chief of police as he is entering the town .
West Virginia — roadkill may be taken home for supper .
Wilbur , Washington — you may not ride an ugly horse .
Upon Oregon ’s adoption of the Rhode Island law in which " any marriage where either of the parties is an idiot or lunatic is null and void " then every Oregon legislator ’s marriage will be summarily nullified .
If we do , via referendum , make it illegal for a legislator to live in sin ( with the penalty of deportation ) , we ’ll soon be rid of these busybody - buffoons .
Now we ’re talking paradise …
The Best of Eric Englund
By Eric Peters , Automotive Columnist
Is 16 too young to drive ?
If you ’re 16 .
you probably think not .
But it ’s those over 16 — adults like the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ’s Adrian Lund — who will get to be the deciders on this one .
Lund and some others want to push the age at which a person can get their first driver ’s license to 17 or even 18 .
Of course , it ’s all about “ safety . ”
Lund — a professional nag who heads an organization of nags — says that teenage drivers are a menace to themselves and others and wants to use the billy stick of the federal government ( via withheld highway funds ) to compel states to raise their legal driving age — just as the billy stick of federal money was used to impose the 55 mph speed limit , virtual Prohibition of alcohol and “ primary enforcement ” seat belt laws .
This time , it ’s not merely “ for the children ” — it actually involves them .
And Lund is partially right .
Teenagers do get into more than their fair share of wrecks .
But is this due to their age — or their lack of training / experience ?
There are some very young pro drivers — from NHRA to NASCAR .
Maybe not sixteen - year - olds , but not far removed .
At 15 or 16 , some of these kids are better drivers than most of us will ever be .
What to make of this fact ?
Granted , these are exceptional kids — but the point ’s not invalid : Experience and training probably mean a whole lot more than age — as such .
Will raising the age to 17 or 18 give a kid more experience — or less ?
Maybe the age at which we begin to train kids to drive should be lowered , not raised .
Does it make more — or less — sense to toss a kid with zero hours behind the wheel a set of car keys at 17 or 18 , when he is inches way from being legally free of any parental oversight whatsoever ?
Maybe it would make more sense to begin teaching kids how to drive around 14 or 15 — easing them into it gradually , and with supervision — so that by the time they are 17 or 18 they have three or four years of experience behind them .
That ’s actually the way it used to be done , until public institutions such as public schools took over from parents and the whole process became bureaucratized and officialized — but with less than stellar results .
Driving is , after all , a skill like any other ; it is not mastered overnight — or after a few weeks of classroom instruction and a couple of hours in the seat .
Logic says start them sooner , not later .
But that would make sense — and making sense is what IIHS is not all about .
It exists to harp over problems often directly ginned up by its own propaganda .
Mandatory buckle - up laws are an example of this .
Ditto the neo-Prohibitionist crusade that has gone way beyond a legitimate effort to deal with drunk drivers that now mercilessly prosecutes people with trace amounts of alcohol in their system — as little as .06 or even .04 BAC , the level an average person can reach after having had a single glass of wine over dinner .
But I digress .
The other half of the equation when it comes to new / teenage drivers is proper instruction .
What we do in this country — for the most part — is woefully inadequate .
Many parents set poor examples — or are simply ill - equipped to properly instruct their kids in safe / competent driving .
Ditto the so - called “ schools ” ( especially those offered by the public schools ) and the at - best cursory testing done by most DMVs before that first license is issued .
We do n’t really show kids how to drive — especially how to handle emergency , such as a slide on black ice .
Instead , we chant cant at them that ’s obvious BS , such as “ speed kills ” — the driving equivalent of the BS about “ marihuana ” that ’s peddled to them in Just Say No sessions .
Kids are smart enough to see through this — but immature enough to then regard everything they ’re taught by adults as BS .
This is dangerous .
Far better to really teach them — and to be honest with them .
I ’d be ready to lay serious cash on the table to bet Lund that if you took an average 14 or 15 year old and had him or her trained by an expert instructor and properly supervised for a year or two before a provisional license was granted — after which the kid would still be monitored and quickly reined in at the first sign of reckless or incompetent behavior — the whole “ teenage driver ” thing would just disappear .
Problem is , there ’s no money in that .
Finding solutions to problems is not what IIS wants .
IIHS wants crusades that never end .
Just like MADD ; just like politicians .
Just like the whole lot of them .
Comments ?
www.ericpetersautos.com
UFO files are being made available online
Details of UFO sightings around the UK , including a number in Northern Ireland , have been released by the Ministry of Defence .
A total of 19 files covering sightings between 1986 and 1992 have been made available online .
One of the file details three unidentified flying objects near Belfast International airport in December 1989 and January 1990 .
Another relates to a sighting over nearby Glenavy in 1989 .
RAF
Aldergrove said there were no fixed wing aircraft in the area at the time , but that two helicopters were in the vicinity within five minutes either side of the sighting .
" Taking into account para 's 2 , 3 and 4 , plus no other UFO activity being reported throughout the UK , I suggest that the individual in question probably witnessed the arrival or departure of the helo's at Aldergrove , " read part of the relevant response . "
Another file revealed that a passenger jet bound for Heathrow Airport had a near miss with a UFO .
It tells of how the captain of the Alitalia airliner shouted " look out " to his co-pilot at the sight of a brown missile - shaped object shooting past them overhead .
Civil Aviation Authority and military investigations could not explain the 1991 incident near Lydd in Kent .
This is the second instalment of UFO releases to The National Archives by the MoD .
Joaquin Phoenix Says " I'm Done " , Quits Acting
Oscar nominated actorhas ventured behind the camera , directed music videos , produced movies and television shows and has recorded an album , the sound track to Walk the Line .
He has announced that Two Lovers will be his final film .
He 's quitting acting .
He played Johnny Cash in the 2005 film Walk the Line and was nominated for six awards and won three , including a Golden Globe , and a Grammy .
He won a People 's Choice award for his 2007 role in We Own the Night .
At the Paul Newman benefit , he told Extra 's Jerry Penacole , " I want to take this opportunity to give you the exclusive that this is my last performance as an actor .
I 'm not doing films anymore . "
Penacole said , " Are you serious ? "
Phoenix responded , " Yeah , I 'm working on my music .
I 'm done . "
Casey Affleck was with Phoenix during this exchange with the Extra reporter .
Penacole asked him , " I take it that he 's kidding . "
Affleck said , " I do n't think he 's kidding .
He 's got music and stuff . "
Extra called Phoenix ' rep to verify the story .
His response was , " That 's what he told me . "
The actor is recording an album with Tim Burgess , lead singer of The Charlatans .
Phoenix wrote the songs that will be sung by Anthony Langdon .
Joaquin 's brother River Phoenix died of a drug overdose in 1993 outside The Viper Room , a nightclub owned by Johnny Depp .
The 911 tape recording of Joaquin calling for help was played over the air waves in a steady stream that sent the actor out of the public eye for over a year before he was coaxed back into acting .
Photo gallery below .
2008 will probably go down in history as the year of bailouts , crashes , and meltdowns .
Here is a quick run down of all the laws and bills congress pushed through with lightning speed in this election year .
With two months left in the year , we may see some more bailouts and stimulus packages to come .
02/13/2008 - $ 168 billion stimulus package is passed into law .
This included tax rebate checks for individuals making less than $ 75000 , and married couples making less than $ 150000 .
The most overlooked part of this package was that the jumbo loan limit was raised for mortgages that are purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
This means that just eight months ago the government was still a cheerleader behind more debt and more spending .
03/26/2008 - The Federal Reserve extends a $ 29 billion " loan " to J.P. Morgan Chase to purchase the failed Bear Stearns through a shell company .
BusinessWeek has a good article on how this deal worked .
Essentially , the Fed purchased $ 29 billion in mortgage backed securites that could lose value .
07/26/2008 - $ 300 billion " housing rescue " bill was passed .
This is the bill that established the Hope for Homeowners program , and also gave Treasury Secretary Paulson the ability to give Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac a limitless line of credit .
The Hope for Homeowners program has now started and offers those who cannot afford their mortgages a chance to refinance into smaller mortgages insured by the Federal Housing Administration .
This made Paul wonder if we should all just stop paying our mortgages .
9/7/2008 - Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were taken over by the Federal Housing Finance Agency and the Treasury promised up to $ 100 billion in future support and capital investments per company .
The actual total costs are yet to be determined .
9/17/2008 - AIG mostly purchased by the United States government for $ 85 billion dollars .
The United States now owns 79.9 % of the insurer through a loan deal .
10/03/2008 - $ 700 billion pork ladened package gets signed into law .
The Treasury has been given the right to buy troubled assets and hold them .
Also , $ 250 billion are used to purchase stocks in thousands of banks .
Additionally , a variety of random provisions such as exemption of taxes on toy wooden arrows were included .
Now - The White House and Congress is now mulling over a second stimulus package of the year .
This package is planned to be anywhere from $ 150 billion to $ 300 billion .
Noone knows the details , yet .
Additionally , there is a $ 25 billion auto industry bailout that is waiting to be signed into law .
I guess $ 25 billion is really peanuts compared to what has already been passed .
Where will all of this money come from ?
Some say that not all of these deals will be expenditures because the equity stakes the government is taking in the largest banks and AIG will eventually give a return to the taxpayers .
However , noone seems to be quite sure if that would really happen .
Meanwhile , the reach of United States government has certainly grown with all of these acquisitions .
When you add it all up , the quick financial maneuvers taken by the United States Government is costing more than the war in Iraq .
Another comment on the whole fiasco is that the National Debt Clock has run out of digits and each family 's share is $ 86,023 .
No matter who the next president is , he must work on reducing the ever rising national debt .
In fiscal year 2008 the United States spent over $ 450 billion in debt interest payments , and if the government does not chip away at its debt principal then more and more of this nation 's production will be going towards debt service .
Something has to be done , but one government bailout or stimulus after another is not the answer .
Finally , the scariest thing about these bailouts is not just the amount of money they will cost American taxpayers for generations to come , but that these bills were passed with haste and little concern for the voice of the people .
In this video , Senator Diane Feinstein states that she received 91,000 phonecalls of which 85,000 were against the $ 700 billion bailout , but that she believes that these angry citizens do not understand the good the bailout will do .
Is a democratic government really democratic if most of the elected officials do not serve the people that voted for them ?
Congress Switchboard : 202-224-3121
" The most effective ways to create a more inclusive , fair - for - all future will be from the bottom up .
Rob Kall 's book lays out how that would look with a hopeful , pragmatic vision that will change the way you see the world . "
Dave Zirin , sports editor for The Nation , a columnist for The Progressive , and the author of eight books on the politics of sports , including What 's My Name , Fool ?
Sports and Resistance in the United States and A People 's History of Spo
Have you found your perfect purse for the season girls ?
The right handbag can make your fall outfit feel fresher and more exciting , taking your look from the ordinary to the exceptional .
But with so many beautiful bags to choose from , it can be tough to decide which purse is for you .
But never fear ladies , we 've got you covered .
Refinery29 has rounded up some of the best bags of the season , and we 're bringing them all to you !
From cute clutches to oversized carryalls , this list has handbags has something to suit all personalities and budgets .
Shoulder Bags
When it comes to shoulder bags this fall look for fringing , the perfect patchwork finish , external pockets , and slouchy fabrics if you want to stay in style .
Sorry we could n't find anything like this on eBay .
Try our Bag Search Engine .
Tote Bags
No matter what the season , a tote bag is the perfect way to carry everything you need on hand .
In fall watch for large totes in neutral colors and patterns .
Black , gray , and white , are the must - have shades this season .
Oversized Bags
Large handbags are more popular this season that ever before .
This fall you 'll look cool toting an oversized carry - all in shiny black patent leathers or soft tan or gray fabrics .
Clutches
A small clutch can add the finishing touch to any autumn outfit .
This season look out for purses natural leathers , glitzy metallics , and rich blues .
Sorry we could n't find anything like this on eBay .
Try our Bag Search Engine .
[ Source : Refinery29 ]
[ Image Source : Mateusz Stachowski/Stock.xchng ]
The first evidence that millions of tons of a greenhouse gas 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide is being released into the atmosphere from beneath the Arctic seabed has been discovered by scientists .
The Independent has been passed details of preliminary findings suggesting that massive deposits of sub -sea methane are bubbling to the surface as the Arctic region becomes warmer and its ice retreats .
Underground stores of methane are important because scientists believe their sudden release has in the past been responsible for rapid increases in global temperatures , dramatic changes to the climate , and even the mass extinction of species .
Scientists aboard a research ship that has sailed the entire length of Russia 's northern coast have discovered intense concentrations of methane – sometimes at up to 100 times background levels – over several areas covering thousands of square miles of the Siberian continental shelf .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the past few days , the researchers have seen areas of sea foaming with gas bubbling up through " methane chimneys " rising from the sea floor .
They believe that the sub - sea layer of permafrost , which has acted like a " lid " to prevent the gas from escaping , has melted away to allow methane to rise from underground deposits formed before the last ice age .
They have warned that this is likely to be linked with the rapid warming that the region has experienced in recent years .
Methane is about 20 times more powerful as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide and many scientists fear that its release could accelerate global warming in a giant positive feedback where more atmospheric methane causes higher temperatures , leading to further permafrost melting and the release of yet more methane .
The amount of methane stored beneath the Arctic is calculated to be greater than the total amount of carbon locked up in global coal reserves so there is intense interest in the stability of these deposits as the region warms at a faster rate than other places on earth .
Orjan Gustafsson of Stockholm University in Sweden , one of the leaders of the expedition , described the scale of the methane emissions in an email exchange sent from the Russian research ship Jacob Smirnitskyi .
" We had a hectic finishing of the sampling programme yesterday and this past night , " said Dr Gustafsson .
" An extensive area of intense methane release was found .
At earlier sites we had found elevated levels of dissolved methane .
Yesterday , for the first time , we documented a field where the release was so intense that the methane did not have time to dissolve into the seawater but was rising as methane bubbles to the sea surface .
These ' methane chimneys ' were documented on echo sounder and with seismic [ instruments ] . "
At some locations , methane concentrations reached 100 times background levels .
These anomalies have been seen in the East Siberian Sea and the Laptev Sea , covering several tens of thousands of square kilometres , amounting to millions of tons of methane , said Dr Gustafsson .
" This may be of the same magnitude as presently estimated from the global ocean , " he said .
" Nobody knows how many more such areas exist on the extensive East Siberian continental shelves .
" The conventional thought has been that the permafrost ' lid ' on the sub - sea sediments on the Siberian shelf should cap and hold the massive reservoirs of shallow methane deposits in place .
The growing evidence for release of methane in this inaccessible region may suggest that the permafrost lid is starting to get perforated and thus leak methane ...
The permafrost now has small holes .
We have found elevated levels of methane above the water surface and even more in the water just below .
It is obvious that the source is the seabed . "
The preliminary findings of the International Siberian Shelf Study 2008 , being prepared for publication by the American Geophysical Union , are being overseen by Igor Semiletov of the Far - Eastern branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Since 1994 , he has led about 10 expeditions in the Laptev Sea but during the 1990s he did not detect any elevated levels of methane .
However , since 2003 he reported a rising number of methane " hotspots " , which have now been confirmed using more sensitive instruments on board the Jacob Smirnitskyi .
Dr Semiletov has suggested several possible reasons why methane is now being released from the Arctic , including the rising volume of relatively warmer water being discharged from Siberia 's rivers due to the melting of the permafrost on the land .
The Arctic region as a whole has seen a 4C rise in average temperatures over recent decades and a dramatic decline in the area of the Arctic Ocean covered by summer sea ice .
Many scientists fear that the loss of sea ice could accelerate the warming trend because open ocean soaks up more heat from the sun than the reflective surface of an ice - covered sea .
1215 - Present Company Included
1214 - And the Squishier Ones , Too
1213 - Grab and Smash
1212 - Hypocritical Hit
1211 - Win Conditions
1210 - Break Down
1209 - Compromised
1208 - Grievances
1207 - Afraid So
1206 - Speaking Terms
1205 - A Higher Calling Calling
1204 - Not Again
1203 - Right Up to the Ledge
1202 - Cloud Commuting
1201 - The Freckles in Their Eye
1200 - Contactless Deliberations
1199 - Helpful for Counting
Though
1198 - Move Slow and Preserve Things
1197 - Incidental Reconnaissance
1196 - Not Yet Seasoned
1195 - People First
1194 - Spiritual Counseling
1193 - Sisterly Advice
1192 - Inherited Characteristics
1191 - An Easy Mistake
1190 - Getting Started Getting to the End
1189 - Wait and See
1188 - Perpendicular to the Sunlight
1187 - Somewhere Between Super and Mega
1186 - You Can't Miss It
1185 - Heading Out
1184 - Regeneration Gap
1183 - Expendable Resources
1182 - The Beer Talking
1181 - Hold Up a Minute
1180 - +1
1179 - Indefinite Accommodations
1178 - Rock Opera
1177 - Role Reversal
1176 - Die or Die Trying
1175 - Running on Fumes
1174 - Fun for the Whole Family
1173 - Turn the Table
1172 - Ray of Hope
1171 - Going In , Getting Out
1170 - Divine Diversion
1169 - Showing Up
1168 - Limited Motions
1167 - All Downhill
1166 - End of Overtime
1165 - Uphill Struggle
1164 - Replication Crisis
1163 - They Stayed Friends
Though
1162 - Helping Out
1161 - Easy to Forget
1160 - Returning Champions
1159 - Worm's Eye View
1158 - Gatespender
1157 - Holes and Walls
1156 - In All Fairness
1155 - Elder Screeds
1154 - Forgotten Secret
1153 - Family Meeting
1152 - Reunion
1151 - Halfling Baby Steps Are Very Small
1150 - Do-Over
1149 - Enough Diamonds Already
1148 - The Rainbow Rejection
1147 - Headed Back
1146 - Assistance Needed
1145 - The Highfather
1144 - That 's Jack 's Fault
1143 - Lines of Communication
1142 - Good to Know
1141 - Advanced Color Theory
1140 - Better Left in the Past
1139 - To Remember Them By
1138 - Lesson Planar
1137 - But It Probably Wo n't Come Up
1136 - Orders From the Top
1135 - OMG
1134 - A Mile in His Shoes
1133 - Call Answering
1132 - Afterdeath
1131 - A Heartfelt Moment
1130 - Better Days
1129 - Reasons
Why
1128 - Raising a Family
1127 - Windfall
1126 - Battle Cry
1125 - Throwing Shade
1124 - Dominate Tricks
1123 - Swirly Attack !
1122 - Dispelling Misconceptions
1121 - Protection Racket
1120 - Create Spawn
1119 - The Fighting 's So Bright
1118 - Negatively Affected
1117 - Bait the Rainbow
1116 - Neck and Neck
1115 - It 's Never Failed Before
1114 - Better Served Cold Anyway
1113 - On Her Honor
1112 - And Maybe a Change of Shoes
1111 - She Really Doesn't
1110 - The Perfect Strategy
1109 - Spy Bowl
1108 - Boys Don't Scry
1107 - Babysitter Club Flush
1106 - Answering the Callback
1105 - Out of the Box , Into the Fire
1104 - Plan of Inaction
1103 - In Force
1102 - For the Duration
1101 - Rising Suspicion
1100 - Into the Tunnels
1099 - Cool Will Be the Biggest Obstacle
1098 - The Crucial Ingredient
1097 - God Forsaken
1096 - Brewmaster 's Tale
1095 - Name Dropper
1094 - Face Time
1093 - Night 's Templars
1092 - Entrance Seekers
1091 - Ready to Go
1090 - Not Touching !
1089 - Scents and Cents Ability
1088 - Hall Past
1087 - Masters Mastering Mastery
1086 - Look Inside
1085 - Omission Possible
1084 - Consumers Report
1083 - You Bet
1082 - And Your Souls for Free
1081 - Ill Intent
1080 - Clever Blasting God Stoppers
1079 - Threat Level
1078 - But If You Try Sometimes
1077 - All Clear
1076 - Just Drop It
1075 - Shuffle the Deck
1074 - Turning Back
1073 - Catching Up
1072 - Flying Low
1071 - Never Failed Him Before
1070 - Half Probably Are
1069 - Conditional Diagnosis
1068 - Ship Abandon
1067 - Bump in the Road
1066 - Oh Grow Up
1065 - Lesson Never Learned
1064 - Chained of Command
1063 - No Turn Signal
1062 - Spanner in the Works
1061 - Hangers On
1060 - Now Boarding
1059 - The Fight is Not Over
1058 - Ready , Set , Ready
1057 - Suggestive Content
1056 - Top Five , Certainly
1055 - All Hands on Trend
1054 - A Kill By Any Other Name
1053 - Over the Edge
1052 - Fired Giants
1051 - Path of Most Resistance
1050 - Hard Pass
1049 - An Uplifting Discussion
1048 - Parental Bindings
1047 - Perhaps a Few Mini-Revolutions
1046 - Literally Heartless
1045 - Studying Up
1044 - Mountain Passes
1043 - He Assumed It Was a Cholesterol Thing
1042 - Wait Watchers
1041 - Value of an Independent Variable
1040 - It Probably Would 've Taken 30 Pages
1039 - Multiple Choice
1038 - Goblin to Goblin
1037 - Beast Practices
1036 - Sound , But in This Case Inaccurate
1035 - Ringing Victory
1034 - Always a Good Rule of Thumb
1033 - Sound Reasoning
1032 - Other Times , Not So Much
1031 - Cold War
1030 - Naming Names
1029 - Budget Flight
1028 - Do n't Even Ask About Electrum
1027 - Because Reasons
1026 - Goliath Falls
1025 - Mark of Distinction
1024 - The Unbanished Truth
1023 - Last Call
1022 - Terms and Conditions Apply
1021 - It 's a Long List
1020 - Scroll Left
1019 - Withdrawn
1018 - Or Perhaps Punch
1017 - Personnel Changes
1016 - King of Indecision
1015 - Climb Every Mountain
1014 - Aw , Rats !
1013 - Little Empathy
1012 - Yellow Means Caution
1011 - Red Means Stop
1010 - Green Means Go
1009 - Giving Up Hope
1008 - Not to Scale
1007 - Your Worst
1006 - Uninterrupted Torment
1005 - Completely Mist the Point
1004 - Climbing Tensions
1003 - An Attack on Two Levels
1002 - Mutually Assured Observation
1001 - Will Save the Day
1000 - Hel Polls for Thee
999 - The Vote in Gods ' Aye
998 - Three Sides to Every Story
997 - Plan B
996 - Silencing Descent
995 - Welcome to the Church
994 - Invitation Only
993 - Moots and Ladders
992 - Peak Condition
991 - A Sergeant and a Sapper
990 - Critiquing Suspicion
989 - Stares and Stripes Forever
988 - Much Less Swordfighting
987 - The Soul of Discretion
986 - Inn Doubt
985 - Down the Winding Path
984 - Hence the Fence
983 - A Healer 's Reason
982 - Respirate in Peace
981 - Followers Follow
980 - Breaking Up
979 - Fault Lines
978 - Rage Against the Lightning of the Dead
977 - Zap
976 - Hard Sell
975 - Up in the Air
974 - Except , You Know , That
973 - Try , Try Again
972 - She Might Even Be a Bit Ahead
971 - Blast from the Past
970 - Wandering Eyes
969 - It 's Only His SECOND Favorite Cuisine
968 - Next Week
They 're Getting Drab
967 - Craft Wondrous Bauble
966 - About Town
965 - The Bargain Hunter
964 - Needs More Gears
Though
963 - Internal Struggles
962 - Just Think How Many Times He 's Seen Himself Naked
961 - Hearing is Believing
960 - Collision Testing
959 - It Was Not
958 - This Sucks
957 - Takes One to Know One
956 - Moving On
955 - Strike Two
954 - Contractual Riders on the Storm
953 - High Pressure Front
952 - Weather or Not
951 - Helping Hand
950 - Spell It Out
949 - Method Doctor
948 - Behind the Eyes
947 - Keep in Mind
946 - It 's What 's Inside That Counts
945 - Jumbled Up
944 - All of the Above , Actually
943 - Everyone Hates Goodbye Scenes
942 - But He Probably Has a Halberd Now
941 - Relatively OK
940 - Resisting a Rest
939 - Donation Drive
938 - This is Not a Thing That is Going to Happen
937 - Travel Time
936 - End of the Line
935 - Caster Fight
934 - All Hands on Deck
933 - Getting a Little Carried Away
932 - His Number One Fan
931 - My Two Dads
930 - Overshadowed
929 - Through
928 - Go
927 - Can't Help Himself
926 - Through the Wormhole(s )
925 - Catching Up with Family
924 - Resource Management
923 - Breakthrough
922 - Payback
921 - Shot Down
920 - No Running , No Hiding
919 - I Went Down , Down , Down
918 - These Last Few Are All from the Same Sender
917 - Hold On
916 - Executive Order
915 - Custom Framing While You Wait
914 - Last in the Coffin
913 - Independent
912 - Working Together
911 - Operation Desert Inform
910 - Marching On
909 - Shifting Sands
908 - Reverse Polarity
907 - Always Hiring
906 - Nothing Lasts Forever
905 - Blow the Lid Off
904 - Live by the Technicality ...
903 - Carefully Couched
902 - Mr. Sandman , Give Me a Scream
901 - Friend of a Friend
900 - Hole in the Middle
899 - Prophecy Fulfilled
898 - Let 's Get Ready to Rumble
897 - Headed Downtown
896 - Two Paths
895 - Plain Sight
894 - The Last Room
893 - Closing In
892 - Walled In
891 - This One 's Not Even Realistic
890 - Dream Free
889 - Get Real
888 - Dream Wedding
887 - Happy Ending
886 - Victory Comes From Within
885 - Silence is Golden ( Or At Least Electrum )
884 - Credits and Deductions
883 - Fiend Swap
882 - It 's a Boy !
881 - Temporary Weakness
880 - Getting the Message
879 - Running on Empty
878 - Little Brother
877 - The Bright Side
876 - Ensnared
875 - Calm , Orderly , and Efficient
874 - Allies Like
This
873 - Spell Check
872 - Concession Stand
871 - Just a Couple of Blooddrinkers
870 - Death in the Family
869 - Lesson Fail
868 - Unleash the Fury
867 - The First Title Also Still Applies
866 - Complex Math
865 - Getting Defensive
864 - Bet It Would Get Funded on Kickstarter
863 - Looking for Regroup
862 - Pop Goes Pop
861 - You Should 've Seen What They Did to His Pelvis
860 - Was n't Going to Listen to Orders Anyway
859 - Smoked
858 - Actually , She Did
857 - The Pit of Despair
856 - I Guess You Had to Be There
855 - And They Got Extra Credit For It , Too
854 - Not Much Chance of That
853 - The Dangers of Progress
852 - Under the Helmet
851 - Passive Voice
850 - not - thog
849 - Suspicious Agreement
848 - Acid Redux
847 - Dropping the Ball
846 - No Bone Unturned
845 - The Last Laugh
844 - Case In Point
843 - Lack of Foresight
842 - All in the Family
841 - Lunchtime
840 - Thief 's Tool
839 - Finding Something
838 - Either Way , Really
837 - The Name of the Windy
836 - Best Laid Plans
835 - A Dish Best Served Warm , After All
834 - A Seasoned Woodsman
833 - Villainy Afoot
832 - Loose Ends
831 - Two of a Kind Beats King High
830 - Tidying Up
829 - Ritual Behavior
828 - A Study in Viridian
827 - Crushed
826 - Minimal Resistance
825 - Good Thing He 's Already Partial to Red
824 - Losers Weepers
823 - Yes ,
It Is
822 - Line Quality
821 - Raiders of the Lost Plot Arc
820 - Son Catcher
819 - Parental Insight
818 - Also , the Desert is Dry
817 - General Assistance
816 - General Knowledge
815 - Close Call
814 - The Answer is Blowing in the Wind
813 - Pardon Me
812 - And Yet , the Canned Meat Merchant Still Gets Through
811 - A Touch of Death
810 - The Kind That Makes Friends Easily
809 - Except Maybe the Undead
808 - Five Rows Down , Three Columns Over
807 - Wild Empathy
806 - Holy Enunciation
805 - Dropping In
804 - Where Her Loyalties Lie
803 - Saved by the Belt
802 - Took a Level in Sauceror
801 - Bound to Happen
800 - Right Tool for the Job
799 - In the Bag
798 - Change of Plans
797 - Bird Brained
796 - Smash
795 - Back to the Action
794 - We Recommend Tsukiko
793 - Critical Thinking
792 - Animal Instincts
791 - Do n't Get MAD
790 - Unfamiliar
789 - Also , His Popularity Has Waned
788 - A Vexation Or Irritation
787 - No Time for Losers
786 - One Step Worse Than " Diminutively "
785 - The Cost of Freedom
784 - Unexpected
783 - Cold Blooded
782 - Not Yet Met His Match
781 - Companions
780 - The Duel Everyone 's Been Waiting For
779 - They Follow His Lead
778 - Nitpick Your Battles
777 - Under the Arena
776 - A Sombering Oration
775 - Welcome to the Arena
774 - Telling Lies
773 - Never Mind , She 'd Need a Better Bow to Use It
772 - Haley 's Commitment
771 - Also , " Chib " Would Have Been Acceptable
770 - Hard Time
769 - Because Really , That Would Be Less Improbable
768 - +2 Embracers
767 - And Yes ,
There is a Santa Claus
766 - Breaking
In is Hard to Do
765 - The Love of Money
764 - Small Talk
763 - Plotting Something
762 - Just Trying to Help
761 - Advanced ( S) wordplay
760 - Realizations & Rationalizations
759 - Yes , Apparently
758 - Spins of the Father
757 - Something Blue
756 - He Sure Dodged an Arrow There
755 - Brought to You By Mace-y's
754 - Maybe She Ate a Zeppelin
753 - Slash Attack
752 - Picking Locks
751 - Tree is Within 10 - ft. Radius of Apple
750 - Making Up for Lost Time
749 - Savings and Trust
748 - Top of the List
747 - Make It Three , Just to Be Safe
746 - Ask Your Grandparents
745 - It Does Beat Scissors
744 - A Tale of Two Suppers
743 - Dinner Conversion
742 - Monkey Do
741 - Scheduling Conflict
740 - The Great ( ish ) Escape
739 - A New Friend
738 - Pooling Resources
737 - Comparative Mythology
736 - Do You Like Comics About Gladiators ?
735 - Of Clerks and Clerics
734 - Maybe He Can Get Credit for Time Served
733 - Collect Call
732 - The Papers Chase
731 - Long Tail of the Law
730 - Brunchroom Brawl
729 - No Real Shocker
728 - The Price of Yummies
727 - And It Will Never Work Again
726 - Mammals Can't Seem to Get Enough of Those Things
725 - The Significantly - More - Secret Origin of Tarquin and Nale
724 - It IS Fairly Spicy , However
723 - Generally Relative
722 - Block and Tackle
721 - Pain Threshold
720 - Breakfast of Champions
719 - Seat of Power
718 - Spring Break Never Dies
717 - No Incarceration Without Compensation
716 - She Didn't Miss
715 - Wanted
714 - This Whole Time , He'd Thought of It as the Snack That Got Away
713 - Oh , Right .
That .
712 - Neutralize Elf
711 - The Rouge 's Guild
710 - Does He Get XP for Their Buzz ?
709 - No Scry Zone
708 - An Animated Discussion
707 - That 's Probably Why There Are , Like , 17 Types
706 - He 's Not Even Supposed to Be Here Today
705 - Those Do n't Take Over Until the Graveyard Shift
704 - Dead Men Give No Speeches
703 - Meet the New Boss
702 - One for the History Books
701 - Curtains for You
700 - They Would Likely Both Disagree with That Sentiment
699 - Escape Clause
698 - Stopping for Direction
697 - Stuck in the Sand Trap
696 - Still a Long Way to Go
695 - Paranoia Will Destroy Ya
694 - Poor Coordination
693 - Tragically , His Arms Would Be Too Short for the Lute
692 - Searchin '
691 - All Available Resources
690 - Riders on the Worm
689 - Live Bait
688 - The Comics Must Flow
687 - Actually , That 's Probably You
686 - Also , At Lower Altitude
685 - On Friendship
684 - V Was Only Waiting for This Moment to Arise
683 - Whatever You Do , Don't Oscillate
682 - Plus , He Probably Spits , Too
681 - All in the Family
680 - That 's Why It 's Called a Running Gag
679 - Oh , Right , That Other Problem ...
678 - First Step in the Process
677 - This Never Happens to Jiminy Cricket
676 - There 's More Than One Way to Fail a Listen Check
675 - It Costs an Armor Leg
674 - The Elf Who Cried Raven
673 - Too Slow
672 - A Familiar Conclusion
671 - Also , She Needs Her Clothes Back Now
670 - The War Council
669 - Logical Conclusions
668 - Moving the Pieces
667 - Mending Wounds
666 - But Seriously , She Won't
665 - In the Flesh
664 - Down to Earth
663 - Or Mention That He 's Getting Too Old for This
662 - The Price is Right
661 - The Path of Least Expectation
660 - Lucky Breaks
659 - Flight of the Phylactery
658 - A Bird in Hand
657 - Second Chance
656 - It Probably Squeaks , Too
655 - With a Critical Eye
654 - Cages ( Steel and Otherwise )
653 - Fun While It Lasted
652 - No Respect for the Wicked
651 - Two Eyes in the Dark
650 - A Lot Can Happen in Ten Minutes
649 - It 's a Shame She Didn't Grab That Script While She Was There
648 - A Dish Best Served With + 1d6 Cold Damage
647 - Be Prepared
646 - ... And It Feels So Good
645 - It 's Where the Cool Kids Swim
644 - An Unsung Legend
643 - A Wizard Did It
642 - Choice
641 - For Every Action
640 - Madness
639 - If They Pull a Knife ...
638 - A Dragon 's Victory
637 - It Only Shows Reality Programming
636 - Shattered , Shattered
635 - I See a Red Robe and I Want to Paint it Black
634 - The Wrong Reasons
633 - Where Do You See Yourself in Five Million Years ?
632 - My Three Fiends
631 - Who Does n't Get Ten of These a Week ?
630 - Shoot the Messenger
629 - One Chance
628 - Every Parent 's Worst Nightmare
627 - Power Outage
626 - Good to the Last Drip
625 - Bargain Hunter
624 - This Happens to Telemarketers All the Time
623 - Running Away
622 - Do n't Hate the Player Character ...
621 - At Least There Were n't Any Cryptograms
620 - Probably About an " 8 "
619 - Wow , That 's a Spicy Meatball !
618 - Flank Cut
617 - Power Meeting
616 - An Opponent or Rival Whom a Person Cannot Overcome
615 - It 's a Real Life - Saver
614 - A Cut Above
613 - I Need a Hero
612 - Technically , the " Fish " Version is a Subset of This One
611 - None Left Standing
610 - You 're It
609 - It Takes TWO
Thieves , Actually
608 - Mean Girls
607 - Gherkin Her Chain
606 - The Philosophy of Chaos
605 - Return of the King
604 - Bailout Plan
603 - Familiarity Breeds Piercing Damage
602 - Clerical Temp
601 - She Obviously Does n't Have the Endurance Feet
600 - Headed Down
599 - Separate Ways
598 - To Say a Few Words
597 - Threat Assessment
596 - Convenience Story
595 - Trial of the Century
594 - Rock the Boat
593 - Another Choice
592 - Stuck in the Middle
591 - Antipathy for the Devil
590 - Role Reversal
589 - Entrance Qualifications
588 - His Name Probably Helps , Too
587 - What to Expect When You 're Expecting Assassins
586 - No Encounter is an Island Unto Itself
585 - Immaterial Components
584 - Improbable Causes
583 - Love 's Sweet Sting
582 - Moonlight Rendezvous
581 - A Sight for Sore Eyes
580 - Hey , I Need to Sell Them Somehow
579 - What They Need is a Writ of Habeas Corpus
578 - A Slick Getaway
577 - You Can Take the Rogue Out of the City ...
576 - Construction Workers
575 - I Think
They 're in One of the Rulebooks , Right ?
574 - A Seller 's Market
573 - Slumber Party
572 - The Resistance of Memory
571 - Return Engagement
570 - Clean Slate
569 - Justice Can Be a Messy Business
568 - A Sign That You Have a Problem
567 - The Simplest Explanation
566 - One for the FAQ
565 - The Test of the Memory
564 - It 's What 's For Dinner
563 - Air Mail
562 - Heroic Fantasy
561 - Pop Idolatry
560 - Meanwhile , His Teammate Was in Rhodes
559 - An Introduction to Comparative Theology
558 - Sort of Like a Reverse Psion
557 - The Puppet Mistress
556 - Nuthin' But Net
555 - Half - Dragons Are Even Worse
554 - You 're No Help at All
553 - Diplomacy is a Beach
552 - And Yet the Turtle Got Away on His Own
551 - Slow and Steady , My Ass !
550 - +1 BFF
549 - Grueling Ordeal
548 - His Most Despicable Act Yet
547 - Endurance Feat
546 - O - Chul 's Razor
545 - Someone Should be Wearing Safety Goggles
544 - A Lot at Stake
543 - Shhh !
Principal 's Coming !
542 - In Azure City , Shark Jumps
You !
541 - He 's a Gamblin ' ... Thing
540 - Melts in Your Mouth , Not on Your Alignment
539 - Well
There is That " Saint " Prestige Class
538 - Fiend or Foe ?
537 - What Do You Think Comes in a Disguise Kit , Anyway ?
536 - A Brief Tribute
535 - The Cat Stays in the Picture
534 - Medium Creatures
533 - Open to Multiple Interpretations
532 - The Exposition Fairy
531 - Wake Up Call to Action
530 - Regarding the Speed With Which One Removes Band - Aids
529 - The Summons
528 - The Ghost Screamer
527 - Pep Talk
526 - He 's Just Pine-ing for the Fjords
525 - Look More Closelier
524 - Pretender to the Throne
523 - Orders That Wo n't Stick
522 - We 're Doomed If She Finds the Map Key
521 - Remorse
520 - The Power of Immediate Gratification
519 - Nightmare on Blue Street
518 - At Least It Was n't the Fourth Wall Again
517 - Probably Best to Choose at Random
516 - Turning Azurite , I Think I'm Turning Azurite , I Really Think So
515 - A Momentary Experience
514 - Elan Would Be So Proud
513 - Security Deposit
512 - They 've Had Time to Train , Too
511 - Guerillas in Their Midst
510 - Killer View
509 - It Has Flowers , Hearts , and a DC 30 Lock
508 - Sure Beats Flatware
507 - Fantasy Troll - Playing Game
506 - Flanking Crush
505 - ... Or We Will All Stick Separately
504 - That 's a Surprisingly Common Reaction
503 - Surreptitious Admirer
502 - And I - I - I - I Will Always Love You
501 - No Cure for the Wedding Bell Blues
500 - A Reason to Keep Trying
499 - No Time to Lose
498 - Gone Fishin '
497 - The Grand Fighter
496 - Responsible
495 - ( Eu)gene Therapy
494 - DMILF
493 - Led Zeppelin Lied to Us All
492 - Things to Do in Heaven When You 're Dead
491 - Those Singing Lessons Cost Money , You Know
490 - Final Review
489 - Keepin ' the Little Man Down
488 - This is Your Life
487 - Their Concierge Service is Heavenly
486 - Next on " As the Plane Turns " ...
485 - Hey !
You !
Get Off of My Cloud !
484 - At the End of the Day
483 - Broken Stick
482 - Leaving Azure City
481 - Cutting the Cord
480 - Change of Address Needed
479 - Jaws of Life
478 - On Usefulness
477 - Shock and Awwwwww
476 - I Do n't Suppose You Have Any Nutmeg ?
475 - Crashing the Party
474 - The Body Snatcher
473 - On the Waterfront
472 - I'll Hold Them Off
471 - A Triumphant Return
470 - With Three Arrows Left in the Quiver
469 - Crossbones
468 - Splitting Up is Hard to Do
467 - Learn to Play it Right
466 - I Think I Left it in the Bag ...
465 - No One Likes a Tattletale
464 - Not for Everyone
463 - Shattered
462 - Good Idea , Bad Idea
461 - I 've Got a Bad Feeling About This ...
460 - Sign , Sign , Everywhere a Sign
459 - Negative Feelings
458 - Exit Strategy
457 - Anti-Human Resources
456 - Saved Game
455 - Incoming !
454 - The Longshot
453 - Heck of a Fight
452 - Breaking and Entering
451 - Change of Direction
450 - Wands Are for Suckers
449 - Land of the Rising ...
448 - Just Crazy Enough to Work
447 - Guarding the Sapphire
446 - Hell of a Job
445 - A Song for the Departed
444 - He 's Dead , Jim
443 - The First Step is a Doozy
442 - We Can Do This the Easy Way ...
441 - Getting Ahead and Staying Ahead
440 - Flew the Coop
439 - Seeing Orange
438 - The Paladin is Your Pal
437 - Battle Momentum
436 - Non-Military Intelligence
435 - Amoral Dilemma
434 - Heavy is the Head
433 - Resource Management
432 - Let Slip the Dogs of War
431 - My Three Xykons
430 - Rematch
429 - Stay on Target ...
428 - It Takes a Thief
427 - They 're Just Another Brick in the Wall
426 - Three of a Kind
425 - War Makes Boys of Us All
424 - A Wizard 's Work
423 - Periodic Bombardment
422 - March to War
421 - Oratory of the Stick
420 - The Trial of Belkar Bitterleaf ( Abridged )
419 - A Special Pre-Approved Offer
418 - It 's a Type of Boat
417 - The Most Important Place to Be
416 - It 's Battlicious !
415 - Idiot Box
414 - Noble is Goodble
413 - Not to Scale
412 - Catching Up
411 - The Power Behind the Throne
410 - The New Lord in Town
409 - Intercession
408 - Fallsville , Population : 1
407 - Fading
406 - A Moment of Truth
405 - The Secrets
404 - A Paladin's Duty
403 - Leadership Is About the Tough Decisions
402 - Speaking From the Heart
401 - Breakfast of Champions
400 - Your Ship Has Come In
399 - Death Actually IS Too Good For Them
398 - We All Just Want to be Held Sometimes
397 - Leggo My Ego !
396 - The Door Knocks on YOU
395 - Two Steps Forward , One Step Back
394 - Hell Hath Exactly As Much Fury
393 - Truth
392 - Death From Above
391 - Eye of the Tiger , Baby
390 - In a Class All His Own
389 - As Good an Explanation as is Forthcoming
388 - The Final Frontier
387 - The Cliffport Redemption
386 - Not How She Pictured It , Certainly
385 - A Sympathetic Ear
384 - Words Get in the Way
383 - What 's Really Scary is That He Knows the Words
382 - Risk vs. Reward
381 - Improved Feint
380 - While the Fiend 's Away ...
379 - Perform IS on the Aristocrat 's Skill List
378 - He Did n't Even Have to Say Please
377 - Travel Delays
376 - All Too Easy
375 - Undeliverable
374 - Black and Blue
373 - Caged
372 - Pot v. Kettle
371 - The Road to Heck
370 - Kills ' Em Every Time
369 - Fight !
368 - All Along the Watchtower
367 - Innocent Man
366 - Porting Out
365 - Caught in the Act
364 - Consider Their Lineage
363 - I Fought the Law
362 - Grand Theft Identity
361 - Framing the Picture
360 - Hail to the Chief
359 - Roll Over
358 - A Taste of Victory
357 - Pen Beats Sword
356 - Knight Takes Pawn
355 - Sore Loser
354 - Copper Piece Arcade
353 - If a Druid Falls in the City , Does He Make a Noise ?
352 - The Turnaround
351 - Pop Quiz , Hotshot
350 - At Least You Get Course Credit
349 - Every Couple Has Their Quirks
348 - Someone Was Looking For You
347 - On the Map
346 - Swoop , There It Is
345 - He Invented the Magic System
344 - A Walk in the Park
343 - Served with a Side Order of Whoop - Ass
342 - Dangling the Bait
341 - Setting Up the Board
340 - You Should Have Seen What He Did With the Corsage
339 - C.P.P.D. Blues
338 - Tactical Priorities
337 - Brief and to the Point
336 - Bedtime for Elan
335 - A Grand Experiment
334 - If You Want Something Done Right
333 - The Bright Side
332 - The Ephemerality of Memory
331 - For the Future
330 - Paid in Full
329 - The All - Seeing Oracle
328 - The Test of the Heart
327 - The Test of the Mind
326 - Getting Ahead in Business
325 - The Test of the Body
324 - Consult Your Doctor Before Reading This Comic
323 - Do n't Make Me Turn This Quest Around
322 - Maybe the Quailtiger ?
321 - Q & A
320 - Bing Crosby's Got Nothing On Us
319 - Healthier Living Through Repression
318 - The Move Action of Shame
317 - The Best Part of Waking Up
316 - The Moment of Truth
315 - On Sylph 's Wings
314 - Goth Advice
313 - Words Fail
312 - Where the Buffalo Wings Roam
311 - Internal Dialogue
310 - Advanced Dates & Dinners
309 - My Dinner with Elan
308 - Sword Envy
307 - Take the Problem By the Hand
306 - Power Word : Annoy
305 - The Epistle of Durkon
304 - A Leper Can't Change His Spots
303 - Phrenology Today
302 - New Beginnings
301 - A Brief Intermission
300 - Pick Your Doom
299 - A Calling Missed
298 - The Future is Forged in the Fires of Today
297 - Sword Speak
296 - Boons
295 - Belkar Leashed
294 - Contracts , Shmontracts
293 - This is Getting to Be a Habit ...
292 - Non-startling Revelations
291 - Not to Mention Little League
290 - Shojo's Big Secret
289 - Senility Now !
288 - First Word ...
287 - Paladins Make Good Tour Guides
286 - A Minor Glitch
285 - A Moment of Truth
284 - Shattered Expectations
283 - Rock the Vote
282 - Closing Arguments
281 - Get the Lead Out
280 - The Boot
279 - No Soup for You
278 - A New Strategy
277 - The Crayons of Time : Breaking Up is Hard to Do
276 - The Crayons of Time : The Order of the Scribble
275 - The Crayons of Time : World 2.0
274 - The Crayons of Time : The Snarl
273 - The Crayons of Time : Doodles on the Sketch Pad of Eternity
272 - The Big Secret
271 - The Prosecution 's Case
270 - Dueling Egos
269 - A Familiar Face
268 - The Lawyers Strike Back
267 - The Cat Behind the Throne
266 - Guessing Game
265 - A Tale of Two Paladins
264 - I Cannae Tell a Lie
263 - The Great Escape
262 - All You Need is Love and Improvised Thieves '
Tools
261 - I Smell a Solo Adventure
260 - The Prison Blues
259 - Son of Mail Call
258 - I Think That Violates the Geneva Convention
257 - POW !
256 - Six Degrees of Evil Separation
255 - Meep meep !
254 - Half the Elf , Double the Fun
253 - Larry Gardener and the Angry Half - Orc
252 - Linear Storytelling
251 - A Piece of His Mind
250 - Oh no , he DIDN'T !
249 - Return of the Trouser Titan
248 - Blame the Hormones
247 - It 's Just Aphasia She 's Going Through
246 - Rumors of Her Death
245 - Easy Come , Easy Go
244 - What ?
It 's a Legitimate Magic Item
243 - No Flair for the Dramatic
242 - Chekov's Law Realized
241 - Talking Down
240 - Next on Fox : When Whores Attack !
239 - Roy's Angels
238 - You Try Rhyming ' Assassin '
237 - Growing Some
236 - Mean Girl
235 - Oddly , He Can Still Get Dressed in Under a Minute
234 - The Ultimate Sacrifice
233 - No Thread Left Untied
232 - Because They Got Lonely in the Bag
231 - From the Mouths of Babes
230 - The Law Strikes Back
229 - No Offense , Aaron
228 - Unlawful Good
227 - AR&R
226 - Who 's On the Throne ?
225 - Checking In
224 - Groggy , Groggy , Groggy
223 - Love , in the Abstract
222 - A Blissful Marriage
221 - Recycling Works
220 - For a Reasonable Fee
219 - No Joke Too Cliched
218 - OD&D
217 - Now in Ogrevision !
216 - Perfect Combo
215 - Taking Charge
214 - No Plan Survives Contact with One 's Allies
213 - The Man Knows His Limitations
212 - Dirt Farm
211 - The Hook
210 - Displaced Persons
209 - Multiclass Discrimination
208 - A Battle of Wits
207 - Now If Only We Could Organize the Fiends Somehow
206 - Hidden Benefit of Being an Adventurer
205 - A Is Always A
204 - What 's My Motivation ?
203 - Just the Facts , Ma'am
202 - Scanning ...
201 - Seeing Signs
200 - The Confrontation
199 - It Was a Dark and Stormy Night
198 - The Great Kazoo
197 - A Change of Scale
196 - The Diary
195 - Book Nook
194 - You Light Up My Life
193 - Because Good is Dumb
192 - Everything Sits Better on a Ritz
191 - Dungeon Real Estate
190 - A Lesson in Resource Management
189 - Tied Up Nicely
188 - A Matter of Perspective
187 - Love At First Sight
186 - Return of the Elf
185 - The Time Killers
184 - Hawaiian Love
183 - Spit and / or Swallow
182 - Probability
181 - Cursing the Darkness
180 - Falling for You
179 - Liar , Liar
178 - The Early Bird Catches the Wizard
177 - Ch- ch - ch - changes
176 - Leaping Lizards
175 - Darn You to Hex
174 - Interlude of Dooooooom !
173 - It Is Always Exactly Where They Intend It to Be
172 - Cure Moderate Hurt Feelings
171 - The Prisoner Dilemma
170 - He 's Still a Dwarf at Heart
169 - The Enemy of My Enemy is a Tree
168 - Running on Empty
167 - Do n't Question the Color of the Bag
166 - Wolverine , Eat Your Heart Out
165 - Hangin ' Around
164 - Here He Comes , To Save the Day !
163 - A Man , A Dwarf , and a Kitty
162 - Soliloquy
161 - Captives
160 - The Jell - O Pit Was n't Available
159 - Plotus Interruptus
158 - The Economics of Banditry
157 - A Lesson in Leadership
156 - Cunning Escape
155 - Time is On My Side
154 - One Bird with Two Dozen Arrows
153 - Priorities
152 - Arrow Time
151 - Learning Experience
150 - A Comic as Lovely as a Tree
149 - Cultural Differences
148 - Hobgoblins and You
147 - The Light at the End of the Tunnel
146 - Role Reversal
145 - Mr(s ) .
Wizard Explains
It All
144 - Pop Goes the Weasel
143 - Do-Over
142 - Misdirection and Subterfuge
141 - Horse Sense
140 - My Little Pony
139 - How to Keep the Party Together
138 - Tomorrow's Technology Today
137 - Teh Gewd Gods
136 - It 's Not a Gaming Session Until Someone Quotes Monty Python
135 - Potionomics
134 - Craft ( Plotline )
133 - Standardized Testing
132 - Kindred Spirits
131 - Money Makes the World Go Round
130 - Itempalooza
129 - Rock Solid Investment
128 - The More You Know ...
127 - New Wizard in Town
126 - Multiclass Struggles
125 - Free Experience
124 - Ding !
123 - Double Your Entendre , Double Your Fun
122 - Adventurers Are Coming !
Adventurers Are Coming !
121 - The Return of Mail Call
120 - The End of the Beginning
119 - Hollywood , Eat Your Heart Out
118 - They Should Childproof Those
Things
117 - Delayed Gratification
116 - Finding Stuff
115 - Dust in the Wind
114 - Exciting Climax
113 - Memories , Like the Edges of My Sword
112 - Shatter
111 - Inukchuk !
110 - Revenge is Best Served Really Cold
109 - Tensions Rise
108 - Help from Above
107 - Defense is for Losers
106 - A Sure Bet
105 - Hordes of Xykon
104 - Dramatic Pre-Battle Speech
103 - Practice Makes Perfect
102 - Lowbrow is the Best Brow
101 - Man-to - Man Chat
100 - Teenage Boys Are CR 1
99 - Grilled to Perfection
98 - Mmmmm ... Tasty
97 - Evil Plans
96 - Gate ?
What Gate ?
95 - Dead Men Tell Tales
94 - The Path to Victory
93 - Teenage Wasteland
92 - Reading is Fundamental
91 - Proof That I am Deeply Disturbed
90 - Consequences of a Failed Skill Check
89 - Invisibility : The Lazy Artist 's Friend
88 - Getting Closer
87 - Bathroom Humor
86 - The Most Important Quest
85 - The Elder Puppet
84 - Saddest . Comic .
Ever .
83 - Pillow Talk
82 - Beats Pay - Per-View
81 - First Church of Banjo
80 - Replacement Cleric
79 - The Heavens Moved
78 - Unfinished Business
77 - A Battle of Attrition
76 - She 's a Sneaky One
75 - The Blame Game
74 - Back from the Pit
73 - Thor 's Teachings
72 - Loose Ends
71 - Career Girl
70 - That 's Just Mean
69 - Hey , It Was Worth a Shot
68 - Unconscience
67 - Cliffhanger
66 - Thog's Secret Weakness
65 - The Magic Words
64 - Transference
63 - Together , They 're Six Feet of Whoop Ass
62 - Heavy Metals
61 - Brother Against Brother
60 - Everything Comes Together
59 - The Shot Heard Round the Dungeon
58 - First Aid
57 - Inevitable Betrayal ?
Check .
56 - An Alternate Hypothesis
55 - One for the Old - Schoolers
54 - Touch My Sigil
53 - See , They 're Flying , Because It 's an Air Sigil
52 - Young Dwarves in Love
51 - Stupid Is n't Always Cute
50 - The Semi-Secret Origin of Elan & Nale
49 - Collect the Whole Set
48 - Stab of Opportunity
47 - But is it High Definition ?
46 - Deep Thoughts
45 - Strength in Numbers
44 - Meet the Linear Guild
43 - What 's Behind Door # 2 ?
42 - Belkar Unleashed
41 - Just Take the AoO
40 - The Gods Must be Busy
39 - Date with Destiny
38 - Spontaneous Artistic Expression
37 - Evil , But Cost - Effective
36 - Building a Better PC Trap
35 - Rogues Gone Wild !
34 - Math is Fun
33 - Mail Call
32 - Biting the Hand that Feeds Me
31 - All - You - Can-Eat Brain Buffet
30 - Behind the Secret Door
29 - Treasure ?
What Treasure ?
28 - Just Like on Three 's Company
27 - The Delicate Art of Intraparty Negotiations
26 - Bardic Nudity
25 - Armor Begone
24 - Do You Hear What I Hear ?
23 - Meanwhile ...
22 - Leadership in Action
21 - It 's All About the Drama
20 - Arcanolypse Now
19 - Evade !
18 - Double Surprise
17 - Rapier Wit
16 - Turn of Phrase
15 - Family Time
14 - Why Roy is Always Tired
13 - Plot , Ahoy !
12 - Up a Level , Down a Level
11 - Alignment Differences
10 - Like Enthrall , Only Boring
9 - I am Curious , Elan
8 - The Benefit of a High Bluff Score
7 - ThorPrayer
6 - The Cleric is ' In '
5 - When Plotlines Collide !
4 - The Power of Music
3 - See Spot Spot
2 - Second Grade All Over Again
1 - New Edition
Dubai – where else ?!
( TGW ) – Timelinks , a Dubai - based environmental design firm , has revealed concept renderings of a giant eco pyramid , named Ziggurat , with the official unveiling set for the Cityscape Dubai event October 6 - 9 this year .
Ziggurat will be 4000 feet high and would be capable of housing one million people – even better , it will only take up 2.3 square kilometers and will be carbon neutral .
The pyramid will utilize natural energy resources including wind power and steam power to achieve this .
The building will also have an extremely efficient public transportation system that goes both horizontally and vertically .
Timelinks has patented the designs for the structure .
Via :: Inhabitat
It IS TIME TO SAVE OUR CHILDREN .
BY signing this petition , we are all coming together as mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters , family members , community leaders , state representatives , government officials , and legislative bodies , to make an impact for our children from pedophiles and sexual predators , and the irreparable harm they inflict .
We expect tougher penalty pedophile laws , that will close the loop - holes in pedophile laws in our state .
May 2012 WE WILL HOLD A RALLY BY THE Jefferson Memorial , REFLECTING POOL , AT 10:00 AM .
, TO SHOW UNILATERAL SUPPORT FOR THE CHILDREN OF AMERICA !
WE ARE FIGHTING FOR YOUR CHILDREN AND GRANDCHILDREN !!
Join us Today !!
FACSAFoundation / Founder / President / Connie Lee
P.O. Box 832
Springhill , La. 71075
facsasavethechildren@hotmail.com
facsasavethechildren.com
( 318 ) 539 - 2571
We the undersigned , do petition our American Government to enforce tougher penalty laws that will apply pedophiles and sexual predators .
We , the undersigned , are concerned citizens who urge our leaders to act now .
We urgently need tougher penalty laws for pedophiles and sexual predators , for safer communities for children .
Penalty laws that include :
1 ) No statute of limitations on all Civil Cases of incest , rape , and molestation cases .
2 ) Provide free DNA testing to child sexual assault victims .
We , Americans as a unified collective body , will meet on the Jefferson Memorial , at 10:00 am , May , 2012 , to rally for our children .
We are fighting for our children .
Will you join me ?
Signature goal : 1,000,000,000 signatures !
Downladable petition : facsasavethechildren.com
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0r_lXSxox18
" I 'm not heavy enough , what am I going to do ? " Le Thu Huong asked in a letter to Tuoi Tre newspaper .
" And what about people whose chests are small ?
Most of them are too poor to afford breast implants ! "
newswire article reporting global human & civil rights | indigenous issues New Massacre in Chiapas , Oct 3rd , 2008 e-mail : author : enraged!e-mail : zapatistaPDX@lists.riseup.net
The Mexican government is at it again .
Police have killed 4 to 6 persons , 3 of them mafia execution - style .
Another 20 persons sustained gunshot wounds .
Brutal arrest of an old man Mexican Federal Preventive Police ( PFP ) and other units raided an occupied traditional Mayan religious temple turned tourist object on October 3rd , 2008 .
Reports indicate that 4 to 6 persons were killed and 20 persons sustained gunshot wounds .
The village school was tear gassed .
Enraged neighbors briefly captured 77 police officers using nothing but sticks and traditional machetes .
The most savage atrocity commited by police forces took place after the raid .
A neighbor loaded 3 critically injured persons into his truck and made for the nearest hospital , only to be stopped by police along the way .
The police then shot the injured persons execution - style and then executed the neighbor who was driving them to the hospital .
PLEASE protest this bloodthirsty police savagery !
Call / visit the downtown Mexican consulate today !
Under hardliner President Felipe " FeCal " Calderon , Mexico passed PATRIOT act - style legislation quite truthfully named GESTAPO several months ago .
Under the PATRIOT acts , etc. , this kind of repression might soon be coming to a theater near you !
For the latest reports from Chiapas , see :
chiapas.indymedia.org
Photos of the arrests :
http://chiapas.indymedia.org/article_159104
Photos of the dead ( warning , very graphic content ) :
http://chiapas.indymedia.org/article_159098
Articles in the excellent Mexican daily newspaper " La Jornada " :
http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2008/10/05/index.php?section=politica&article=003n1pol
http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2008/10/05/index.php?section=opinion&article=002a1edi
http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2008/10/06/index.php?section=opinion&article=a14a1cul
http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2008/10/06/index.php?section=politica&article=015n1pol
http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2008/10/06/index.php?section=politica&article=016n2pol
http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2008/10/06/index.php?section=politica&article=016n1pol
Article on Mexico's GESTAPO legislation :
http://mywordismyweapon.blogspot.com/2008/02/mexicos-gestapo-law.html contribute to this article add comment to discussion
As Camelot Began , November 2007
The Private Princess , September 1999
More …
When plans for an official presidential trip to Paris in 1961 were under way , Jackie expressed her hope to meet the flamboyant writer and social critic , who was now France ’s minister of culture .
Jackie confided her interest to Nicole Alphand , wife of the French ambassador to the United States and a member of Jackie ’s inner circle .
“ Her dearest wish was to hear her favorite author comment on the master art works she already knew , ” Nicole remembered .
She communicated Jackie ’s interest in an introduction , and Malraux “ immediately gave his accord . ”
Arrangements were finalized for a meeting in Paris during the much - anticipated springtime visit .
Alas , the careful planning was nearly undone by an overwhelming tragedy that threw plans for the meeting into doubt .
On May 23 , Malraux ’s two sons , Pierre - Gauthier , 21 , and Vincent , 18 , were killed in an automobile accident .
Upon learning of the death of Malraux ’s sons , Jackie immediately contacted Nicole and Hervé Alphand at their home in Paris .
“ Monsieur Malraux must not feel obligated to keep his promise , ” she told them .
On May 31 , 1961 , the Kennedys arrived in the French capital to find cheerful mobs of well - wishers .
The alluring couple enchanted throngs of Parisians — the crowd was estimated at half a million — who chanted “ Vive Zhack - ee ” and “ Kenne - dee ” along the flag - draped city streets .
President Kennedy , who spoke mediocre French , reveled in the attention .
Jackie ’s star power proved irresistible .
Beautifully regal , she impressed onlookers by answering questions from reporters in superb French .
White House press secretary Pierre Salinger had arranged an interview with French national television before the visit .
Jackie conversed in fluent French for 15 minutes , discussing her interest in the arts and her love of Paris .
The interview was broadcast the night before the Kennedys ’ arrival and , according to Salinger , was a factor in the tremendous reception they received .
Progress on the diplomatic front , however , was harder to come by .
President Charles de Gaulle , unpersuaded by Kennedy ’s promise that the United States would defend Western Europe , refused to back off from plans to develop nuclear weapons .
According to Kennedy aide Theodore Sorensen , de Gaulle was “ irritating , intransigent , insufferably vain , inconsistent and impossible to please . ”
Yet de Gaulle found himself taken with Jackie , who chatted with him in her “ low , slow French ” during lunch in the Élysée Palace .
Jackie , de Gaulle told her husband , “ knew more French history than most Frenchwomen . ”
The following day , Malraux was Jackie ’s guide for a tour of Paris ’s cultural highlights .
As camera bulbs flashed , the minister escorted her through the Musée du Jeu de Paume so that his guest could see the Impressionist masterpieces painted by her favorite artists .
Malraux was smitten with his celebrated guest , and in photographs in the Parisian press he appears beguiled by the American First Lady .
The feeling was apparently mutual .
“ Jackie bewitches , simpers , and bubbles with sophisticated banter ” alongside her French escort , noted one writer .
In addition to sharing literary and cultural interests , they also shared a quick sense of humor .
“ What did you do before you married Jack Kennedy ? ” Malraux asked her .
“ J’ai été pucelle ” ( I was a little virgin ) , she answered .
It was no secret that Jackie was captivated by him .
Her social secretary , Letitia Baldrige , observed that Mrs. Kennedy held Malraux in such esteem that she developed a palpable “ intellectual crush ” on the charming French minister .
Baldrige acknowledged their intellectual synergy , saying that Malraux in many respects became Jackie ’s most important cultural mentor : “ She listened to him and wrote to him .
Malraux was her prize . ”
Upon the Kennedys ’ return to the U.S. , various official invitations were extended to Malraux to visit Washington .
Despite well - choreographed overtures , Malraux declined several invitations .
It was only after Jackie expressed her personal interest that the minister acquiesced and agreed to visit Washington , in May 1962 .
Once the dates for the visit had been formalized , Jackie scrambled to action .
It was a tall order to entertain properly the visiting dignitary , who put so much stress on the quality of cultural attributes , and the First Lady spent five weeks meticulously preparing for the minister ’s arrival .
“ She was a completely disciplined creature , ” Baldrige recalled .
The formal state dinner in honor of Malraux would be fresh and imaginative and executed with high style .
BUENOS AIRES ( Reuters ) - How safe is your city ?
An Argentine publicist has developed a bicycle test to gauge crime in different neighborhoods .
Ignacio Jardon places a bike next to a tree in Buenos Aires , October 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Enrique Marcarian
Using hidden cameras and cheap bicycles as bait , Mariano Pasik , 37 , films how long it takes a thief to steal an unchained bike in different areas of Buenos Aires .
His hypothesis is that the longer the bicycle is left the safer the area is .
“ It ’s not a statistic but in a way it shows that ( in ) the places where the bicycle gets robbed really quickly perhaps the quality of life is poorer , ” said Mariano Pasik , 37 .
Pasik speeds up the videos , sets them to music and puts them on a website ( www.lapruebadelabicicleta.com/).
He hopes other videographers will join his nonprofit " Bicycle Test " project and create a worldwide insecurity index .
It could become an informal crime gauge akin to the “ Big Mac Index , ” which compares the cost of the same McDonald ’s sandwich in different countries to give an idea of buying power of people in different places , Pasik said .
Pasik , who runs his own publicity firm Liebre Amotinada Ideas ( Mutinous Hare Ideas ) , said the project is part art , part reality show , part journalism and part fun .
But it is definitely not vigilantism .
Pasik blurs the thieves ’ faces and was shocked at comments on his website where people have called for the death penalty for thieves .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ What you see on the videos is that they are n’t professional thieves , they are n’t people who went out to rob .
They are people who ran into temptation and decided to commit a crime , they become thieves at the moment they take the bike , ” he said .
He added that he is also trying to show that the media fascination with crime , in places like Buenos Aires where armed robberies are rampant , is part of the problem .
“ The popular fantasy is that the bike will be stolen in seconds , and it is n’t quite like that , ” Pasik said .
In the latest video posted , it was an hour before the bike was stolen in the Constitucion neighborhood .
But on the upscale shopping street of Santa Fe , it was only a few short minutes before it was gone .
A neighborhood passes the bicycle test when an hour passes or when the filmmaker gets tired or runs out of batteries .
Fans of the site have offered Pasik free bicycles and sent in their own tests from Uruguay and Spain .
On the videos , the thieves often seem more like opportunists than hardened criminals .
“ You see the person thinking and thinking and thinking , coming and going .
Sometimes they talk by phone .
They go away .
They come back .
It ’s more about an internal dilemma between good and bad , than about the bicycle itself , ” Pasik said .
Or maybe they are just in shock to see a bicycle alone without a heavy lock , an unusual sight in Buenos Aires , a dense metropolis of more than 13 million people .
So far no woman has stolen a bicycle in the test .
BOSTON - Bank crashes in Iceland ,
an International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) bailout of Ukraine and volatile
stock markets the world over -- it all links back to the U.S .
communities where hundreds of thousands of families are losing their
homes with no let up in sight , those on the frontlines say .
' Foreclosure has been a
huge issue , a ballooning , mushrooming issue for at least two years .
We 've been inundated with phone calls for help , ' said Tracy Garrett , a
housing advocate with Community Action House , a non-profit in Michigan .
Recent
reports point to a global economy that is tumbling downward .
On Sunday ,
Ukraine negotiated a 16.5 - billion - dollar bailout from the IMF , and
Hungary is next in line for help .
On Monday , more U.S. banks lined up
for a slice of a 125 - billion - dollar handout from the government , while
the U.S. stock market slid further .
Many experts and advocates
agree that foreclosures are at the root of the global financial mess ,
but so far Congress and the George W. Bush administration have focused
attention and dollars on banks and Wall Street .
' If the
foreclosures of these past four years can drive the U.S. economy to the
brink of a depression , what can we expect from a dramatic increase in
those numbers ? ' said John Taylor , president of the National Community
Reinvestment Coalition , an organisation of housing advocates .
Today , foreclosures are happening at an alarming rate .
Data
released last week from RealtyTrac shows that foreclosures during July ,
August and September of this year rose 71 percent over the same time
last year .
In those three months , 765,558 U.S. households were in
foreclosure or in trouble with their banks , according to RealtyTrac ,
which compiles home sale data .
U.S. officials estimate that 2.5 million more households will face foreclosure in the next 12 months .
Many
of the foreclosures are the result of questionable loan terms , made by
financial institutions at a time when housing prices were rising and
interest rates were low .
These sub - prime mortgages were made into
investments by the financial institutions and traded as highly risky
packages around the globe .
Millions of families are now proving unable
to meet the mortgage terms and are defaulting on their loans , and the
value of the houses has plummeted to far below what they paid for them .
Banks
and financial institutions worldwide own the credit default swaps and
other unregulated investments that were fashioned from the mortgages ,
and are unable to sell them due to fear on the market that they are
worthless .
Former Treasury Secretary Alan Greenspan has faced
criticism for embracing an extreme free - market ideology that allowed
the mortgage and financial industries to lead the world into a global
financial mess .
Speaking to a Congressional panel last week ,
Greenspan took no responsibility for the crisis and instead reported
his observations of what has happened and what is likely to happen .
Sub - prime
mortgage loans were ' undeniably the original source of the crisis , '
Greenspan said .
' Given the financial damage to date , I can not see how
we can avoid a significant rise in layoffs and unemployment . '
' A necessary condition for this crisis to end is a stabilisation of home prices in the U.S. , ' he said .
The
government has some programmes in place to assist struggling
homeowners , including a 350 - billion - dollar plan that got underway Oct .
1 , which has strict eligibility requirements .
So far the Bush
administration has encouraged , but not required banks to re-negotiate
unfair mortgages with homeowners , even banks that have received
billions of dollars through a 700 - billion - dollar Wall Street bailout
programme approved by Congress .
' We expect all participating
banks to continue to strengthen their efforts to help struggling
homeowners who can afford their homes [ to ] avoid foreclosure .
Foreclosures not only hurt the families who lose their homes , they hurt
neighborhoods , communities and our economy as a whole , ' said Treasury
Secretary Henry Paulson on Oct. 20 .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Sheila Bair , a top
administration official as the chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation , told a Senate panel last week that the government should
do more to help homeowners .
' Some of the voluntary efforts have helped but we are falling badly behind , ' Bair said .
Some
interpreted her comments to mean that the Bush administration will soon
put forth a plan to further encourage or mandate that banks modify
loans for struggling homeowners , something Taylor and other housing
advocates have recommended .
' Assisting homeowners to stay in
their homes would have been a more effective and equitable way to
prevent the collapse of financial institutions and seizure of the
credit markets , ' Taylor said .
Banks are not voluntarily
modifying problematic mortgages , experts and advocates say .
In
Massachusetts , virtually no lenders have voluntarily modified
mortgages , according to Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley .
' In
the last three months , lenders issued 4,721 new foreclosure notices in
Massachusetts .
During that time , only 144 loan modifications were
filed , ' said Coakley in a letter to the Boston Globe .
' We have
reviewed those 144 modified mortgages and found that virtually none
reduced the monthly payment owed by the homeowner , ' Coakley said .
Unless payments are lowered , most homeowners in trouble will default ,
she said .
' Many families struggling to hold onto their homes and
savings are not looking for charity or a bailout , and that is not what
loan modifications are about , ' Coakley said .
In U.S. neighbourhoods , non-profit groups say they are scrambling to help people facing foreclosure .
The
mortgage bureaucracy is ' a tangle ' and extraordinarily challenging to
navigate , Emily Rosenbaum , executive director of A Coalition for a
Better Acre , told IPS .
Typically a mortgage has been bought
and sold many times , and it may no longer be obvious which bank is the
owner .
If a homeowner wants to negotiate a loan , many phone calls must
be made just to reach the current holder of the mortgage , Rosenbaum
said .
' It might be someone in Ohio and they do n't even know the value of the property .
It 's quite a nightmare , ' Rosenbaum said .
And
if finding the bank that owns the mortgage is n't enough , ' Getting to
the right person at the bank is a problem , ' she said .
' In America you
do n't get a person on the phone anymore , ' she said .
Instead , calls are
directed to a recorded message .
Once reached , and asked about re-negotiating the mortgage , the bank takes time to consider the request , Rosenbaum said .
' No
one makes a decision .
We wait three to four weeks for the case to be
assigned in the bank , then another six weeks about the decision , ' she
said .
' This hurts the homeowner because they get further and further
behind .
It 's essentially hurting the whole lending system that 's
breaking down .'
The amount of false dawns for the rise of Linux gaming is beyond measure , but now in 2020 it looks like we finally have breakthroughs on several fronts that we can rely on .
Valve has made extensive efforts to make playing Windows games on Linux as seamless as possible , streaming is on the rise , and tried - and - trusted old methods are more stable and reliable than ever .
Here we ’re going to show the best ways you can play native Windows games on Linux , along with some basic pointers on how to use them .
1. Steam Play / Proton
Valve may have barked up the wrong tree when it thought that its so - called Steam Machines would democratize gaming for Linux users , but it seems to have finally hit the target with Steam Play .
Using a wine fork called Proton – which is built into the Steam beta client – you can play a huge number of whitelisted ( and many non-whitelisted ) Windows games on Linux .
It essentially uses Wine , DXVK and other established tools behind the scenes so that you can install Windows games on Linux through Steam .
Many games have been officially whitelisted and optimised to work with Steam Play , but thousands more games – including the latest ones – are unofficially supported and likely to work too .
To play Windows games that have n’t been whitelisted , select “ Enable Steam Play for all other titles ” in the Steam Play settings .
Check out our full guide on how to use Steam Play to play Windows games on Linux .
2. Stadia / Shadow / Other Cloud Gaming Services
Much ado was made about the fact that Google was entering the game - streaming subscription space with Stadia , but the reality is that such services have existed for quite a while now .
They ’ve been doing a good job of it too , with Shadow PC streaming on a high - powered ungated Windows 10 PC for a monthly fee of $ 35 .
It may not seem cheap , but you ’re not restricted in where you buy your games , unlike Google Stadia where you need to buy games through the service .
On the other hand , Stadia can run through your browser and Chromecast , whereas Shadow is restricted to mobile and PCs .
Then there ’s Parsec , which is a little cheaper than Shadow for lighter users , and lets you decide how powerful you want your PC to be .
It also has great community options , such as letting you play local multiplayer games online .
3. Lutris
Moving away from the big companies now , Lutris is an open - source gaming platform that lets you import your games from GOG , Origin , Steam , Retroarch , you - name - it , into one convenient dashboard , then run them even if they ’re Windows games .
Lutris is capable of running hundreds of Windows games via DXVK and Wine , much like Steam Play .
The difference here is that Lutris is n’t limited to Steam games and lets you choose which versions of Wine or other runners to use on a game - by - game basis , letting you make the tweaks you want to really optimize performance .
You can even combine Lutris with Proton with a bit of tinkering , using Steam Play ’s powerful wrapper from within the Lutris dashboard , where you can also run all your non-Steam games .
Conclusion
The above three methods are your best bets to play Windows games on Linux in 2020 .
There are a few other possibilities available to you , such as Crossover , or by using a virtual machine with GPU passthrough , but they ’re not as efficient as our picks .
Linux gaming is getting extremely close to overcoming those ages - old barriers to hardcore PC gaming , and the above options are only going to get more refined with time .
Looking ahead to some end point , whether it be actual , ideological , or abstract could be the spoil of man .
There has never been an end , or final point , nor has there ever been an ultimate answer .
The postmodernist knows this well , yet he too seems preoccupied by this matter , often too busy criticizing the modernist to ever ask - what now ?
It ( postmodernism ) is less of a world view or philosophy than it is a deconstruction , and offers no alternative other than “ that one is false . ”
It is a world of subjectivity , and yet I feel that the argument “ there is no bigger picture , we cannot know ” and “ we can know there is a bigger picture ” only misses the point .
For , what if we accept that we can never reach some ultimate end , and all of our time , our 10,000 years of civilization , trying new and different things , have not led us into progression but rather merely “ different ” approaches , a horizontal view of evolution ?
We would be a post modernist , to some extent .
But , it seems the postmodernist then is content to settle at this point .
I see another view as a possibility .
To accept that we can never “ become ” something “ out there ” in the projected future ( as past ideologies have posited ) is fine , but what then are we left with ?
Perhaps the process of “ becoming ” and not “ to become ( enter ideal here ) ” is more important .
The act of creation in itself , which will happen no matter what , rather than a means to an end might be realized .
What if the act of creating purpose , of bringing forth ideas , understanding , without the need to project it into future became commonplace ?
History , it seems , has been a cycle of attempting to actualize ideals , bringing forth creation to some ultimate end ( happiness , stability , peace , understanding , utopia , etc ) .
We have always been in the act of creation– but perhaps that ’s it !
The very act of becoming , of being is the one thing we have been doing all along .
We do n’t need to change our ideal , rather , our attitude about this subjectivity can radically shift .
As an example - when we play music , is the end note the most important part , or is the act of playing itself most important - most real ?
Is n’t the body of the work the point of it ?
To play , to dance , to create , the act in itself has more importance than the finished product .
Yet , so many of our philosophical ideas attempt to abstract , to project our life ’s purpose into some end product “ out there . ”
With life , with careers , with education– level after level , to some grander scheme .
Yet , there never seems to be a final point .
And perhaps that ’s the point .
There is no “ ultimate ” end but the process of life and death , creation and destruction itself .
We seek the permanent in the impermanent .
In a sense , it is like the paradox of trying to fill an infinite void , totally – how can that even be ?
Yet , we try anyway , always building up a house that can never be full , always planning on how it will one day be filled .
If our attitude shifted from that need to “ fill the void ” with the simple act of “ filling , ” or decorating , or painting to simply paint , and not have some goal– would this not give us greater content ?
Not even content , but recognition that we will never fill the void , and that is not the point .
“ Filling , ” “ becoming ” is what is .
This brings to mind Taoism , or Buddhism– some of the teachings which resonate with this understanding .
It ’s not so much a matter of becoming anything else than what we already are .
It might be said , that , philosophically , it is not so much as replacing one ideology with another , than it is accepting the natural ebb and flow of creation and destruction , and ourselves as a part of it .
Perhaps a shift of perspective would acknowledge our compulsion to create , but instead of just merely for the future , for the present .
“ Simply being ” that is , may follow .
This is the greatest definition of eteology that I can think of– or the seeing between perspectives .
More to come on these reflections ….
Stay tuned !
While mainstream corporate media lied to Americans claiming economy was strong , we were warning about a “ global crash ” and a faux solution of “ predatory globalism ” nearly two years in advance
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday , October 8 , 2008
The global economic crisis and the centralization of power that would be implemented under the pretext of fixing it were predicted by this website as well as regular guests who appeared on The Alex Jones Show for the past three years - plus .
This compilation is not an attempt to blow our own trumpet and say “ we told you so , ” we were merely warning about the obvious consequences of what was unfolding as well as shining a light on what the elite were saying behind closed doors .
It is offered , however , as a reminder of the fact that while the mainstream corporate media were lying to the American people in continually claiming “ the economy was strong , ” we were pointing out that the foundation of the financial system was crumbling to the ground , leading to the chaos that we see ensuing today .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Global Crash & Solution Of “ Predatory World Government ” Predicted By This Website In December 2006
In this article , we predicted the continued devaluation of the U.S. dollar , which occurred over the course of the next 18 months and an eventual “ global crash ” that would lead to the implementation of measures of predatory globalism to “ solve the crisis ” .
As talking heads on corporate media networks were blissfully parroting each other in their mantra that the economy was doing great , we predicted a “ Meltdown that the cavalier and dangerous financial policies of the U.S. government …. will inevitably engender . ”
The call for a centralized world system of financial control , which has now been proposed , was one of the measures of “ predatory globalism ” that we warned about nearly two years before the bubble burst .
UN ’s Promise to ‘ Save The World ’ In Return For Global Economic Governance ( February 2006 )
In February 2006 , we reported that the The UN demanded the creation of a $ 7 trillion body to enforce co-operation between countries , applied through six specific financial tools .
The price ?
“ An admission that the nation - state is an old - fashioned concept that has no role to play in a modern globalised world where financial markets have to be harnessed rather than simply condemned . ”
The London Telegraph reported today that , “ Opinion is now hardening around the case for a new global architecture to enforce rules that ensure lessons are learnt . ”
Bilderberg member and recently appointed UK Business Secretary Peter Mandelson argued last week that new global solutions are needed because “ the machinery of global economic governance barely exists ” , adding : “ It is time for a Bretton Woods for this century . ”
Influential media giants like the Wall Street Journal are pushing a “ new world order ” to solve the crisis , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown called for a “ a new global financial order ” to supersede the institutions created after World War II .
The elite were waiting to burst the bubble so they could implement the process of global centralization of banking power that they had planned all along .
Correctly Predicting Spike In Oil 2 Years Beforehand
In this article , written in May 2005 , we correctly foresaw the dramatic rise in oil prices in order to fulfil Bilderberg ’s agenda of a “ post - industrial revolution ” .
We did n’t have a crystal ball – Daniel Estulin and others got the information straight from the horses mouth – the Bilderberg Group .
In a follow up article on the same subject in September 2007 we predicted , “ A global economic crash ” that would “ torpedo the middle class ” .
We also predicted “ A global economic crash , another great depression and the total evisceration of the middle class . ”
Predicting The Decline Of The Pound & Euro
In November 2007 , when the pound and the Euro were touching all time highs against the ailing dollar , we predicted that the “ Euro and the pound ( would ) follow the dollar ’s descent over the next two years as Europe is impacted by the economic tsunami of stagflation and recession in the U.S. ”
Today , gold hit all time highs in denominations of pound sterling and Euro , highlighting the dramatic fall in the two currencies that we predicted nearly a year ago at a time when they were both thriving .
In the same article we warned of “ A global financial meltdown ” that would take place “ despite the desperate efforts of the elite ( the bailout ) to restrain a horse that has already bolted . ”
Ron Paul Predicts Stock Market Crash On Alex Jones Show
In August 2007 , Ron Paul , speaking on the Alex Jones Show , dismissed the Fed ’s efforts to pump liquidity into the system and predicted a stock market crash .
Paul said “ If in 6 months or a year there is total chaos who knows what they might try to do , ” speaking in relation to the possibility that martial law may be announced to curb riots if a depression ensues .
Congress members were threatened with physical martial law last week after they refused to pass the bailout bill at the first time of asking .
Roberts Predicts Breakdown
In January , Paul Craig Roberts predicted a “ real serious breakdown ” of the global economy as a result of the overissuance of dollars and the Fed pumping liquidity into the markets .
January Warning Of “ Financial Train Wreck ”
Also in January we warned that the stock market was grossly overvalued due to the ceaseless inflation of the dollar and that a “ financial train wreck ” would arrive unless Yuppies opted for a soft landing immediately .
“ Facing the reality of the fact that the stock market is grossly overvalued due to the weakness of the dollar and is due a severe correction seems impossible to accept for the yuppies who have buried their heads in the sand and consumed establishment propaganda that the economy was “ in good shape ” for the past three years , ” we wrote , adding that Bernanke and Paulson had instead chosen to “ pillage America for their own crooked agenda ” which would lead to “ economic chaos and a possible depression ” .
The pillaging has now begun with the ex-CEO of Goldman Sachs being appointed to oversee the banker bailout .
The Yuppies who e-mailed us at the start of the year , mocking our pessimistic outlook , are probably a little less jovial today after the Dow dropped another 200 points , adding to the 777 point dive on September 29th and the 875 point collapse at the start of this week .
This article was posted : Wednesday , October 8 , 2008 at 1:29 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Oregon Live reports
Smith spokeswoman Lindsay Gilbride , who last week said that “ we do not think Brownlow will impact the race , ” said in an e-mail message Friday that “ Dave Brownlow is a candidate in this race and voters deserve to know his positions – which are actually quite liberal . ”
“ I think it is great , ” Brownlow said of Smith ’s attack on him .
“ They are scared … He mathematically can’t win this race until he grabs every conservative vote from me . ”
The TV ad portrays Brownlow as “ just too liberal , ” saying he wants to try President Bush for war crimes and abolish prisons .
An accompanying radio ad also charges that Brownlow supports gay marriage .
Brownlow says he does believe America ’s incarceration rate is too high and that he thinks marriage should be turned over to religious authorities .
But he says he believes in traditional marriage .
Brownlow is a little - known industrial automation salesman who has spent virtually nothing on his campaign .
But polls suggest he could be getting as much as 8 percent of the vote , and there is apparently fear in the Smith camp that many of those votes may be coming from conservatives who would otherwise support the Republican senator .
In a press release emailed to contact.ipr@gmail.com , the Brownlow campaign responds :
Clackamas , OR – Gordon Smith , desperate to flee from a miserable record of failure rung up during his twelve years in the senate , has launched a media blitz
calling DAVE BROWNLOW , Candidate for U.S. Senate , a “ liberal . ”
The BROWNLOW campaign , which has refused to pay for any radio or TV spots , offers our heartfelt thanks to the Smith folks for the free airtime .
BROWNLOW said , “ To be called a ‘ liberal ’ by one of the biggest spending oath - breakers in the U.S Senate is a rare gift .
During Gordon Smith ’s failed tenure , the federal budget and debt nearly doubled .
The banker buddy / auto maker / Wall Street bailouts were the equivalent of economic terrorism launched against the American people .
In just the last six months , Gordon has voted to approve dozens of unconstitutional spending bills that disqualify him from ever serving again in the U.S. Senate .
By every indication , Gordon Smith has never even read the Constitution he swore an oath to defend . ”
“ To the point of the ads ; Bush ’s two unconstitutional wars ( which Smith supported and funded ) have led to the deaths of over 100,000 dead Iraqi civilians , and who knows how many dead Afghanis .
Are war crimes tribunals in order for those responsible for unleashing this carnage ?
Absolutely ! ”
“ On prisons , should we be proud that we incarcerate our fellow Americans at a per capita rate over six times greater than the rest of the world ?
Or , that many of those rotting away in jail are there for non-violent drug and political ‘ crimes ’ ?
The phony ‘ war on drugs ’ , and the equally phony ‘ war on terror ’ have taken a terrible toll on our liberties .
Ignoring this reality will not make the problem go away . ”
“ I can certainly understand his desperation .
Smith tried to steal Senator Wyden ’s endorsement and got slapped down hard .
He tried to hang on to the coattails of his old buddy , Barrack Obama , who proceeded to throw him under the bus .
Smith blew over $ 20 million on a juvenile media assault against Jeff Merkley , the other big spending liberal in this race , and he came up looking petty .
Smith fought for , and won , an endorsement from a homosexual organization called the Log Cabin Republicans , but now wants to run away from them .
Smith ’s handlers have discovered the mathematical impossibility of him winning this election unless he takes every conservative vote from me .
It looks like he may have waited too long to attempt his extreme makeover . ”
“ I have been called a lot of names , but ‘ liberal ’ is n’t one of them .
I have called for the complete dismantling of the welfare / warfare state .
I have called for a constitutional budget , which would cut federal spending by 85 % .
I propose that we move Social Security and Medicare back [ to ] the states and the people .
I have called for shutting down the private banking cartel called the Federal Reserve .
I have called for abolishing the IRS .
I started a pro-life group called Life Support , my motto is “ No Abortions , No Excuses ” , and I have a couple of trips through our kangaroo court system as proof .
My second amendment motto ( I received an ‘ A ’ grade from Gun Owners of America ) is ‘ the only guns we can ban are the ones that require towing . ’
If that is the new definition of liberal , mark me down as one – please ! ”
“ In one of the recent debates , Gordon Smith touted his 50 % rating against the other senators .
Where I come from , 50 % is an F – which is exactly the failing grade Oregonians are going to give Gordon Smith on November 4th .
It is time to send this big spending , oath - breaking , conservative imposter back to Pendleton .
Our economy , our country , and frankly , the world , will be much safer without Gordon Smith in the U.S Senate . ”
A new advisory board touted by Conference on World Affairs director John Griffin has delivered a harsh review of the new leader in the wake of public criticism of his leadership .
Griffin , a political science professor at the University of Colorado , took over direction of the conference last summer .
He said he formed an interim advisory board in January to include more voices in conversations about the conference .
In recent weeks , as criticisms of Griffin have mounted , he ’s promoted the board as an innovative idea that demonstrates his willingness to listen to others and include community members and students on decisions .
But some members of the six - person board felt they were advisory in name only , and that Griffin made decisions before consulting them , then pretended to listen to their opinions .
“ I feel like John was hoping for and expecting six ‘ yes ’ men to sit with him on Friday mornings to say , ‘ Great idea , John , ’ and to defend his ideas to the rest of the editors , that we would essentially be translators of his agenda to everyone , ” said Annika Erickson - Pearson , a CU senior who chaired the advisory board this year .
Griffin refuted that characterization and said he genuinely listened to feedback .
“ I viewed my relationship with the board as one where I would raise ideas and they would , as their name suggests , advise me on whether those ideas were the right thing at the right time or whether we should shelve them or whether we should disregard them entirely , ” he said .
“ I ’m pretty confident in saying that I always followed the board ’s advice in every single case . ”
The board ’s six - page report summing up its experiences with Griffin was delivered to Chancellor Phil DiStefano on Thursday , less than a week after the tense conclusion of the 67th annual collection of free panels , performances and other events on the Boulder campus .
“ John ’s style of leadership affects how staff and volunteers perceive him , ” the board wrote in its report .
“ John has failed to work with members of his staff on creating an atmosphere of mutual trust , inclusiveness , transparency and respect .
“ These are the characteristics that most would prefer make up CWA ’s cultural identity . ”
Campus spokesman Bronson Hilliard said the chancellor needs time to review the report , but added that DiStefano supports Griffin and the conference .
“ However , one of his major goals is to increase revenue from other sources rather than tuition dollars and state funding to fund this program and other outreach programs , ” Hilliard said .
“ To that end , over the next few weeks , the chancellor will work with ( Griffin ) to look at other revenue sources such as corporate sponsorships , private giving and foundation support to continue this wonderful week - long event . ”
‘ A healthy thing ’
The week - long conference this month ended with Griffin defending himself during a public panel about the future of the conference .
Some conference volunteers expressed doubts about Griffin ’s motives and complained that he has damaged the friendly and transparent climate that existed among organizers .
Griffin is also accused of losing a $ 1 million donation to the conference .
Jane Butcher , conference chairwoman and Boulder philanthropist , has said she rescinded that offer over Griffin ’s “ lack of acceptance ” of CWA ’s founding principles .
Those include keeping the conference free and open to the public , inviting only participants from outside of Colorado and ensuring that the conference remain a partnership between the community and the university .
During the panel discussion on April 10 , Griffin mentioned the advisory board , saying that he wanted to hear input from more community stakeholders in the years to come .
“ One of my goals this year has been to allow more voices in these discussions and to allow ideas about the conference more room to breathe , ” he said during the panel .
“ And this has , perhaps inevitably , led to some points of disagreement .
But this , I think , is a healthy thing . ”
‘ No progress ’
The report outlined the board ’s goals and accomplishments , and included the individual opinions of five board members .
Many expressed disappointment and concern about Griffin , writing that he has harmed key relationships with donors , students and volunteers .
They also expressed frustration that , after months of working with Griffin , the two sides made little progress toward a resolution or rebuilding trust in his leadership .
“… The ( board ) discussed a number of actions relative to building trust , encouraging openness and transparency , driving out fear and uncertainty , behaving collaboratively and communicating clearly , completely and consistently , ” according to the report .
“ Little to no progress was made in this area . ”
Griffin has acknowledged that he has work to do in the areas of communication , transparency and inclusiveness .
He reiterated his commitment to improving on those skills after reading the report .
“ I really need to spend time reading the report again and reflecting on what some of the underlying issues might be that led to those comments , ” he said .
“ I ’m a pretty self - critical person and I will readily admit that this was my first year and there ’s some things that I ’d like to work on and some goals I ’d like to set for next year .
“ I take the feedback very seriously and I ’m looking to act on it . ”
Dissenting view
One member of the advisory board , Bob Yates , did not help write the report nor sign his name to it .
Yates said he felt the board focused too heavily on the negatives .
Yates said the report omitted Griffin ’s fundraising successes and his efforts to include more faculty and students in the conference .
“ In many ways , John Griffin in his first year as director is a lot like a first - year football coach , ” Yates said .
“ Like a first - year football coach , he has had some early successes and he ’s had some misses …
Typically we give a new football coach two or three seasons to get the hang of things and make adjustments . ”
Sarah Kuta : 303-473-1106 , kutas@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/sarahkuta
As we often suspected , [ Björk ] is quite the technical mastermind .
In the video above , she teaches you about the ins and outs of her television .
We think she ’s making a strong bid as the next person to join Prototype This !
Her hacking philosophy is the same as ours : “ You should n’t let poets lie to you . ”
In the following clips , Australian photographer Keith Loutit used a tilt - shift camera lens to take pictures of people and objects and make them appear like miniature figurines .
He then assembled the shots to build some pretty fantasic - looking time - lapse videos .
Watch them right after the jump .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Ms Khan 's calls were so frequent , some fortune tellers told her to stop ringing
A Norwegian politician has said she will not seek re-election after running up a large phone bill ringing fortune - tellers at parliament 's expense .
Saera Khan , an MP for the ruling Labour Party , admits calling pay - per- minute fortune - tellers 793 times in one nine - month period , for a total of 133 hours .
In one three - month period , she spent 48,000 kroner ( £ 4,590 ; $ 7,750 ) , the daily Verdens Gang newspaper reported .
Ms Khan , 29 , who is on sick leave , has said she has paid the money back .
Ms Khan 's spending , which was more than twice as much as her parliamentary colleagues , became known after the parliament in Oslo said it would no longer cover her bills .
Her calls became so frequent that many fortune - tellers told her to stop ringing , Verdens Gang reported .
Labour 's parliamentary leader Hill - Marta Solberg said advice from fortune - tellers had not influenced the party 's work in parliament .
However , neither Ms Khan nor Ms Solberg gave any details of what kind of advice Ms Khan sought , and Ms Solberg said the total amount of the bills would not be made public .
Ms Khan initially said the expensive calls were satellite phone calls to her boyfriend , who she said was on a secret foreign mission with Britain 's special forces .
Norway 's next general election is due in September 2009 .
ELECTION DAY 08 What One Word Describes Your Current State of Mind ?
Throughout Election Day , NYTimes.com readers submitted the words that best described their moods .
This page updated hourly with the most popular choices .
At last week 's Frankfurt book fair , where Turkey was this year 's guest of honour , Orhan Pamuk used his keynote speech to alert the world to the fact that hundreds of writers continue to be prosecuted in Turkey .
Numerous articles in the Turkish penal code make it an offence to insult Turkishness , the memory of Ataturk , the judiciary , or the army .
He went on to lament the consequences : " A century of banning and burning books , of throwing writers into prison , killing them or branding them as traitors and sending them into exile , continuously denigrating them in the press ; none of this has enriched Turkish literature – it has only made it poorer . "
His remarks were widely reported in the US and European media , and somewhat less widely here in Britain .
Most noted that President Gul was in the audience ; some also noted that when he stood up to give his own scripted speech , he made no mention of 301 , the infamous article under which Pamuk was prosecuted for insulting Turkishness three years ago .
Quite a few also expressed surprise about something else Pamuk mentioned in passing – that residents of Turkey cannot access YouTube .
This despite the fact that the problems with YouTube go back more than a year .
Almost all reports were phrased in such a way as to suggest that censorship in Turkey is getting worse , not better .
As usual , the story is larger than that – and a great deal more interesting .
But before we go there , a few facts might come in handy .
Since the beginning of the republic , Turkey has had draconian censorship laws .
Its first penal code was modelled on that of Mussolini .
It was replaced by a new penal code in 2005 , ostensibly to bring Turkey closer to European social democratic norms , but as we all know now , it , too , goes to extraordinary lengths to protect the state , its official history , and its ideology from criticism .
However , at no point have Turkey 's penal codes wholly suppressed democratic debate .
The proof is in the roster of Turkish scholars , journalists , writers , politicians and human rights activists who have been prosecuted and persecuted for their words , having openly exercised their right to free speech .
It is to this long tradition that Pamuk referred in his Frankfurt speech .
In almost all western accounts of Turkey and censorship , this is left out .
Here we come to another problem that is , in my view , as serious as the ones we see in Turkey – the coverage of Turkey in the western media , which is very poor .
This is not the fault of individual journalists or editors – in Britain , as in the US and Europe , there are many who understand the story and seize any and every opportunity to communicate what they know .
The problem is larger and more amorphous and has to do with the overall perception of Turkey , not just in the media and centres of power but in the general public .
Most in the west assume that ( because Turkey is a country with a predominantly Muslim population , currently ruled by an Islamist party ) censorship serves mostly to advance a Muslim agenda .
And yes , sometimes it does – this week , for example , a religious conservative succeeded in his bid to have the website of a prominent newspaper shut down because it offended his Creationist sensibilities .
But the more important censorship story this week was not about the blocking of a leading paper , and not about the blocking of YouTube – it was about open threats made by General Bazbug , to those responsible for a report in a pioneering new newspaper called Taraf , which claimed that the Turkish army had advance knowledge of a PKK raid on a military post that claimed 14 lives .
Since the dawn of the republic , it has been Turkey 's army and very powerful state bureaucracies – the great champions of secularism – that interfere with free expression most effectively .
And as Pamuk said , there are hundreds of writers being prosecuted under its censorship laws even today .
We do n't hear about them because they 're not prominent names in the west .
Even Hrant Dink , the most charismatic spokesman for democracy in Turkey , had no profile in the west until he became a story in the worst possible way .
In 2007 he was assassinated , and a 100,000 attended his funeral .
That was news all over the world .
The trial of his assassins continues ; though his assassins ' names have been linked to powerful elites inside the state , thereby ensuring it a high profile in the Turkish media , the trial has not attracted much interest outside Turkey .
Neither has what many in Turkey call the " trial of the century " , which begins today .
This is the Ergenekon trial : 86 members of an alleged " state - sponsored terrorist organisation " are charged with trying to overthrow the government , so as to restore Turkey to its own ultranationalist , authoritarian , censoring and censorious version of secularism .
They include some of Turkey 's most prominent retired generals ( including those who were in charge of counter - guerrilla activities in the south - east , during the army 's long struggles with Kurdish separatists during the 1990s ) as well as leading police chiefs , columnists , and scholars , and Kemal Kerincsiz , the lawyer who launched the prosecutions of Orhan Pamuk , Hrant Dink and so many other proponents of democratic change .
The Ergenekon 86 have been linked with just about every " deep state " scandal in the past 12 years ; since the first swoop of arrest in January of this year , they have also been ardently defended by media organisations with strong links to the secular establishment .
These allege that the entire case is an invention of the ruling Islamist party .
However , it may be harder to make this claim as the trial moves forward : the indictment , which includes damning evidence from some of the most senior members of the secular establishment , is 2,500 pages long .
At every twist and turn , the quest for the truth will be complicated by the same political battles that led to Ergenekon being founded in the first place .
Whatever the outcome , it will determine just how free Turkey 's writers and scholars can hope to be in future .
Whatever the covert activities of the Ergenekon 86 , many of its most prominent members have been openly persecuting and prosecuting writers for decades .
Now it is their turn to stand before a judge .
As we wait to hear what they say , perhaps we could put our own house in order .
Because censorship has two modes .
There is pernicious , active censorship , which results in outrages like the blocking of YouTube in Turkey , but there is also passive censorship , the kind that makes it so difficult for the blocking of YouTube to be understood in its proper context by the outside world .
Please consider reviewing as well as posting .
Not only does it help balance the number of works on the site , but it helps you get involved !
You may think you have nothing to add , but something as simple as " this was cool because of this part " or " something about 0:35 threw me off a bit " does help .
Thanks !
You do n't have permission to chat .
October 7 , 2008
Multimillion - Dollar Men
In the five years from 2003 to 2007 , these Wall Street executives collectively took home more than $ 1 billion in pay .
Online Casino NZ – Top Online Casinos List by OCG
Just like our neighbours , a lot of New Zealanders love the risk and the rush of gambling .
We just love to change the risk for reward and that ’s why many of our folks enjoy gambling in various online real money casinos — the land - based ones are hard to come by in NZ .
Finding a good online casino in New Zealand may be a tough process as well .
You will have to browse the net to not only find decent online casino websites but those that accept people from New Zealand .
If you ’re doing it all by yourself , it ’s going to be a very long process .
This is why here at OnlineCasinoGuide .
co.nz we employ casino industry experts who gather the best online casinos and create detailed reviews about them .
You can read the reviews on this website and find the top casinos that are completely legal and safe .
If you just want to find a trusted casino website to gamble , feel free to consult the list you see on this page .
If you want to learn more about how we rate casinos , read this article to the end .
Best Online Casinos to Play in September 2020
1. How We Choose and Test Online Casinos
The purpose of OnlineCasinoGuide is to provide gamblers from New Zealand with a list of the best casinos that they can choose from .
It gives you a convenient way of finding a great casino and winning in it .
However , it would be counterproductive to list all casinos NZ where you can play .
Inevitably , some of the casinos will end up being the bad seeds .
If you ’re been gambling online for some time now , you are probably painfully aware of the existence of rogue casinos .
Here at OnlineCasinoGuide , we make sure that you do not run into any of these while browsing our curated list .
Here is how our experts review all casinos that make it to that list .
Licensing
The situation with online gambling in New Zealand is fairly complicated .
Since the 2003 Gambling
Act , they ’re in the grey area and you definitely cannot register an online casino in New Zealand .
How , then , are you supposed to trust licensing ?
The thing is that even though you ca n’t play at a legally registered casino in NZ , you still can benefit a lot from playing at a casino registered elsewhere .
If a casino you ’re about to gamble at is not registered anywhere , it may signal that it ’s a rogue
For all intends and purposes , it ’s just a website , with no legal ramifications that make it pay up when you ’ve won some money .
If a casino is registered somewhere , be it Malta , Curacao , Gibraltar , or UK , it ’s controlled by a local regulator .
Even though it does n’t automatically mean it ’s safe , it does provide a level of trust .
After all , some regulators like the Maltese Gambling Authority and the UKGC are quite strict in upholding the rules and wo n’t let rogue casinos slip past their attention .
Personal Data Protection
One of the many ways a rogue casino may hurt your experience is by creating a possibility for a data breach .
Even if a casino has all the best intentions , if it ’s not properly protected digitally , a database that contains your personal information may get leaked .
It does n’t take much , one database stored without a password or with a poor hashing procedure , and all that data that is stored due to the KYC protocols is out .
This includes your name , email , address , and possibly more .
This happened a lot of times and with companies that should have known better like Virgin Media , so you should n’t think online casinos are safe .
They can be safe , however , if prior to gambling , you make sure they ’re following safety protocols .
This is precisely what OnlineCasinoGuide experts do for you .
Payment Security and Safety
Apart from keeping your data safe , you need to keep your payment and banking information at online casinos for real money safe as well .
Before proceeding with the review of the casino , our experts run security tests to make sure payments are safe on the website .
eCOGRA
Our job becomes much easier if a website has an eCOGRA certificate or any other type of certification from a reputable company .
What eCOGRA does is it tests online casinos on various metrics to ensure it ’s safe and fair .
Only the best casinos New Zealand that uphold the industry standards of fairness and player protection can acquire a certificate from this independent analyst .
If our experts see a certificate on the website and can prove it ’s true , it ’s a sign that the casino is worthy of being mentioned on our list .
Terms and Conditions
Very few gamblers actually read T&C at the casino , but these are crucial for understanding whether the casino you ’re playing at is a rogue or not .
Just like with any document you sign , by registering and making a deposit at a casino , you automatically give consent for the casino T&C .
If those rules state , for instance , that the casino reserves the right to decline withdrawal claims without as much as an explanation , you ca n’t really complain when you lose the winnings .
But we understand that it ’s too much to require all gamblers to read the Terms and Conditions , as these typically are extremely long .
This is why our experts read them for you .
If the T&C is hidden away so that the users do n’t find them or are overly complicated to allow for loopholes , our experts note this and investigate further .
We only recommend a casino if the Terms and Conditions prove to be fair .
Bonuses and Promotions
Bonuses are not the main thing a gambler wants from their casino , but it ’s often a thing that guides one to choose a casino .
After all , how can you remain neutral when a casino is promising a $ 3,000 bonus on the first deposit ?
While we understand that gamblers will be tempted by such promises , we ca n’t let you go without good advice and analysis of the bonus system at the casino you ’re about to choose .
Our experts are experienced in the world of online casinos and they monitor the bonus system of each online casino in New Zealand with a keen eye .
They will report on all the rules of the system that you may miss when you give it a look .
This includes the information on the withdrawal requirements that are often withheld in the adverts as well as some basic calculations of what you can expect to receive as a bonus .
The thing is , most casinos calculate a bonus based on a match - up percentage .
The sum you see in the advertising is only the highest sum you can receive , not what you often end up with .
Read reviews of the top online casino sites in NZ , and you ’ll learn this and much more !
Gaming Software
It ’s what we all come here for !
The gaming software and the pokies is what primarily attracts people to a particular casino .
If it can offer the best and latest casino games , it often does n’t matter if the bonus is particularly good .
This is why reporting on the availability of games is often the cornerstone of OnlineCasinoGuide reviews .
Our experts register at the casino website and play some slots to make sure that they function well on all sorts of devices from desktop to smartphones .
We also let you know what game developers are present on the platform in case this is something you ’re curious about .
Expect to see a list of the best pokies you can play on the platform on each casino review to make sure you know your options .
Customer Support
Most gamblers do n’t hear a lot about the support at a casino unless they actually need to be using it .
It ’s when you have a problem at a casino that you start paying attention to the casino support ,
If the support is not the best one you ’ve encountered , this may mean you ’re not getting that withdrawal in time .
At that moment , all you want to do is to go back in time to check reviews of the casino support before you made that deposit .
Do n’t worry , experts here at OnlineCasinoGuide take care of that sort of thing when compiling the list of top online casino sites .
They always check how fast the support reacts to customer questions and how helpful they are .
Our experts ’ opinion is shown in the reviews .
Website Usability
While this is not the most important of features , website usability can be a major issue for new players .
If it takes you ages to find the right pokie , it ’s a minor problem .
If you ca n’t locate Terms and Conditions , this may signal that a casino does n’t want to show its cards .
Whatever it is , our experts will assess how good is the navigation on the website .
To begin with , the casino uses a top - notch encryption technology , so all of your payments are 100 % secure .
You can buy casino credits using a wide variety of options .
Wide gamut of gambling ;
Wide gamut of gambling ; Variety of bonuses ;
Variety of bonuses ; Customer care ;
Customer care ; Design of the website ;
Deposit Methods
Having a lot of deposit methods on the platform is not the only thing that makes a casino a good choice .
However , if it does have plenty of options to top up with , it ’s a great feature .
It ’s also very important to learn what deposit methods are available on the platform for gamblers who only use one method .
Our experts not only report on all the methods for deposit and withdrawal at a casino but also categorize casinos by the deposit method .
You can filter the general list of top casinos in New Zealand by your preferred deposit method and choose only between casinos that accept , say , Bitcoin , or Neosurf .
Operator Reputation
Last but not least , our experts make sure they know everything there is to know about the casino ’s reputation online .
If all the things we ’ve discovered about the casino tell it ’s good but hundreds of people online say it ’s a rogue , we ’ll need to reconsider our findings .
If there are a couple of complaints that the casino has addressed , we do n’t consider it a problem .
However , if there are dozens of people complaining and the casino does n’t answer their claims , we ca n’t recommend this casino .
They all have :
2. Types of Online Casino Explained
Read Review Welcome Bonus Games Payout NZ $ F1600 370 + games 95.96 % payout Play Now
VIP casinos
Not every gambler will appreciate this type of casino , but for a high roller , it ’s a thing that takes their gambling to another level .
VIP casinos are those establishments that have a special program for the most appreciated players , the high - rollers .
Now , the exact content of the VIP program may differ greatly , but the main thing is the same .
You have a program for the most appreciated players and you can use it to your advantage if you gamble big .
In most casinos , a VIP program has two main scopes .
It either gives the VIP player access to a whole array of bonuses that are not accessible to a regular gambler or gives them better service .
The service may include a dedicated support person to cater to your needs or improved withdrawal limits .
Minimum deposit casinos
If you ca n’t appreciate the VIP bonuses that the high - rollers get but instead want to gamble small , minimizing your losses , VIP casinos are not the right choice .
Your perfect choice would be to get an account in one of the minimum deposit online casinos in NZ .
The name suggests the substance in this case .
Minimum deposit casinos are those casinos that have a smaller minimum deposit than the regular casinos .
In your average New Zealand casino , the minimum deposit is around $ 20 .
You ca n’t make a deposit smaller than that , it will be rejected by the system .
If you want to gamble with even smaller sums , you need to look for $ 5 minimum deposit casinos or even $ 1 minimum deposit casinos .
The latter are often Bitcoin casinos .
Live Casinos
Big payouts are not the only thing that tempts people to gamble at online casinos .
There ’s another aspect of gambling online , the social aspect .
In some casinos , gamblers can play together via a video chat and share a conversation with like - minded people who enjoy gambling as well .
These casinos are known as live casinos , the casinos that have plenty of live casino games .
Since not all New Zealand online casinos have live games on their platforms , our experts create a curated list of all casinos that do .
In those live casinos , you can not only win big but do so while enjoying a good chat with other gamblers and the dealer who takes your bets in real - time .
Mobile Casinos
What ’s the reason to gamble at an online casino if you ca n’t take the online experience anywhere .
If you can only play at the casino from your laptop , you could as well go to a regular land - based casino to gamble .
This is why so many people in New Zealand and all over the world gravitate towards the idea of a mobile casino .
At a mobile casino , you can easily gamble from your smartphone and on the go .
There are two main ways you can gamble at a mobile casino .
You can either download an app or play in the instant play mode .
If you go with the app , you should download an apk file from the casino website since neither App Store nor Google Play allows real money gambling apps on their platforms .
This is why it ’s important to be sure of how trusted a casino is .
You can read reviews here at OnlineCasinoGuide to learn more about that .
Even if you ’re a big fan of apps , gambling via instant play mode may prove faster and more efficient .
Instant play mode means you play on the website in the browser instead of downloading an app .
It used to be much slower than in an app before , but now most games are optimized to perform well in the browser , whether on a laptop or on a smartphone .
Fast Payouts
A common problem of online casinos is that if it ’s a small one , they may not be able to give you payouts the day you request them .
It may take a day or two for the transaction to go through .
This may not be a huge issue for most gamblers .
However , if you ’re keen on getting your money as fast as possible , you may want to look for fast payout casinos in New Zealand .
These casinos pride themselves in being able to pay their clients on the same day or in a day .
If you ’re the type of gambler who needs that kind of service , look up the list of fast payout NZ casinos here on OnlineCasinoGuide and choose the best one .
Best Payouts
Most of the previous types of online casinos are interesting for some categories of gamblers .
If you ’re a low - roller , you probably do n’t want to get into a VIP casino , and you may not need a fast payout casino if you do n’t particularly care about this sort of thing .
However , this type of casino is interesting to almost any New Zealander who loves a good gamble .
The best payout casinos in New Zealand are the casinos that give you the most bang for your buck .
Our experts rate online casinos according to various variables like available deposit methods , withdrawal requirements , and bonus system .
In the end , they arrive at a conclusion that may indicate this casino has an incredible payout potential .
You may find these casinos in the best payout casinos list here on the website .
3. Most Popular Casino Games in New Zealand
Get Bonus NZ$ 1600 Free Bonus
If you ’re a fan of online casinos , there ’s one thing that attracts you to a casino more than other factors .
It ’s the games this casino may provide .
Here are all the casino games that are popular with New Zealanders .
You can find those at online casinos presented on the list on this page .
Pokies
Pokies , poker machines , also known in the rest of the world as slot machines , are by far the most popular kind of online casino games .
Any casino that wants to ahve the title of best online casino in 2020 should have those .
They offer a simple yet exciting experience to the player , which prompts their wild popularity .
Unlike in many other casino games like roulette , blackjack , and baccarat , slot games do not require any particular knowledge or skill to enjoy .
Everybody can start up a game , read the rules and the symbols of that game , and start spinning the slot .
Another major thing that contributes to the popularity of online pokies is the fact that they have an enormous diversity .
There are only that many variations of the roulette .
The basics of the game stay the same throughout every variation of it .
With pokies , it ’s so much different .
Being a digital game , it allows plenty of creativity in its creation .
This creativity extends from creating visually appealing games to introducing new bonus features and game modes .
In short , this is the most versatile casino game and one that you can encounter in any online casino .
If you want to find casinos with pokies from a specific developer , you can filter the list of casinos at OnlineCasinoGuide by the developer .
Blackjack
Blackjack is one of the games that retain their popularity even though they are not as versatile as pokies .
The thing is , blackjack games are a staple of casino gambling .
It has been around in various forms since the very first land - based casinos and has changed very little since then .
The basics of the game are quite simple .
You play this game against the dealer .
Both of you receive cards face down , one of the dealer ’s cards is face - up so you can judge your chances .
Ask the dealer to hit you with more cards until you think you have more points than him but less than 21 — otherwise , you ’ll lose .
Despite the simple rules , it takes time to perfect the strategic approach to blackjack .
The strategy includes everything from knowing when to stop hitting to counting cards to know the probabilities of certain cards coming up next .
Roulette
Roulette is up there with blackjack when it comes to classic casino games that are here to stay .
Roulette was invented back in the times when the first land - based casinos were appearing and became a staple of gambling ever since .
There are three major variants of the game , but the premise of the game is the same in all of them .
There ’s a roulette wheel with 36 or 37 numbered slots .
These slots are represented on the tableau .
The players can make bets on these numbers , placing their chips on one or more numbers , or colored parts of the wheel .
When all the bets are placed , the croupier spins the wheel and shoots a white ball into it .
When it settles in one of the slots , the wins are counted .
The major difference between European and American variants of the game is the house edge .
In European roulette , there ’s one zero , while the American variant has two zeros .
This may not look like much , but when you bet on red or black , having two zeros increases your chances of not winning anything no matter what your bet is .
The French roulette is a sub-variant of European roulette .
It has one zero as well , the only difference is that you can make called bets automatically .
Called bets or sector bets are bets placed not on the numbers as they appear on the tableau , but on numbers as they appear on the wheel — they ’re mixed there .
You can still make those bets in most European roulettes , but you ’d have to place these bets manually .
The best way to experience roulette is to play the live version .
Look up casinos that have live casino games on the platforms and enjoy !
Baccarat
Another staple of land - based casino gambling is baccarat .
This game makes room for up to 8 players who bet on three possible outcomes of the game .
The Banker who is also the dealer deals cards to themselves and to a Player hand .
The gamblers can bet on either of the two winning or on a tie .
Whatever you choose , you can enjoy this game and win significant sums of money while doing it .
Bingo
Everybody knows what Bingo is .
This lottery - type game is popular throughout the world and is quite simple to play .
You get a sheet of paper with numbers and check out the numbers as they appear from the pool .
If you hit Bingo , you win and can pocket a decent sum of money .
In online casinos , you can enjoy both types of fun from this game .
If you like the thrill of gambling , you can play a solo variant of the game and see the results generated randomly faster , making you able to play another game .
If you want to enjoy the company of other bingo players , you can play the live casino version .
Lotto
While there is only one official lottery game in each country , there is nothing stopping private companies from producing their own lottery - type games .
Lotto is one of those games you can find at NZ online casinos .
It can be even more exciting than your regular lotto game since you have the option of skipping through the waiting period and seeing the results right away .
Keno
Keno is another lottery - type game that is often played in land - based casinos .
In online casinos in New Zealand , you can enjoy this game in solo mode or in the live casino version .
While playing on your own , you can play it faster and get more games done in a relatively short time .
If you choose the live casino version , you ’ll have to sit through a longer game , but you may enjoy it even more .
A dealer will take your bets in real time and while she is announcing the winning numbers , you have the opportunity to enjoy a lighthearted chat with the other gamblers .
Scratchies
Scratchies is not your typical casino game .
You ca n’t find scratchies in a land - based casino , but you can find it at any gas station .
It ’s a simple lottery - type game that requires you to scratch the protective coating off a card and see whether you win .
It ’s even more comfortable to do online .
With a regular scratchie , you ’ll have to ring up the company that produces them to get a win .
In online casinos , scratchie wins are instant !
4. Top Casino Software in New Zealand
Are you an avid fan of online gambling ?
The odds are , you can name a couple of casino software developers that you absolutely love .
Whether you get excited when the Microgaming logo lights up on the screen or you follow NetEnt social media for new releases , we understand you .
This is why here at OnlineCasinoGuide , you can filter the list of casinos by the software developer and see only those casinos that have your favourite games .
Microgaming
Microgaming is one of the titans of the online gambling industry .
It has been in the game since 1994 and made its way from creating the first online casinos to becoming one of the leaders of the industry .
Microgaming does n’t win gambling awards , it sponsors these events , that ’s how big of a company it is .
However , this corporate spirit does n’t prevent it from producing some of the best games in the industry .
Its collection of games includes such hits as Immortal Romance , Retro Galaxy , Attack on Retro , Sisters of Oz as well as many others .
NetEnt
Whether you know NetEnt as the creator of one of the most popular pokies , Gonzo ’s Quest , or the developer of the first VR slot , you ’ve probably heard of them .
This Swedish company has been in the top three gambling developers for over 20 years by now and has produced some amazing games over those years .
From mass media inspired Narcos and Street Fighter to classic pokies like Dazzle Me and Divine Fortune , NetEnt has lots of amazing games to offer .
It also produces some of the best live casinos on the market .
Yggdrasil
While you wo n’t be able to play live casino games from Yggdrasil , you will enjoy the pokies this company has to offer .
It is a rather new company when compared to other players on the gambling market .
This does n’t mean it ’s worse off than the giants of the industry .
In fact , being so new makes it possible for Yggdrasil to experiment .
Experiment it does , which results in a collection of amazing pokies that easily outmatch any new release of Microgaming and NetEnt .
These include the Age of Asgard , 9 K Yeti , Lilith , and Nicola Tesla ’s Incredible Machine , as well as over 50 others .
Playtech
Playtech may not have pokies that are quite as extraordinary as the ones made by Yggdrasil or NetEnt , but it offers something even more intriguing than that .
Playtech is an all - around developer .
Not only does it create good pokies that become all - time favorites of New Zealand crowds like the Age of Gods , but it also creates live casino games , live betting games , and plenty of other gambling solutions .
Evolution Gaming
Evolution Gaming is a company that is well known to any gambler who ca n’t live without live games .
The amount of live casino games produced by this company is not anywhere near what others do .
Evolution Gaming creates everything from live roulette and blackjack cabinets to Mega Ball and live Monopoly games .
If you see this name at a New Zealand online casino , you know that it ’s going to be a great live casino experience .
5. Best Payment Methods For New Zealand Casinos
Do you have a payment method you generally stick to ?
If you do , you can filter the list of casinos by payment method .
This way , you can see only the casinos that accept your preferred method and choose from the best Bitcoin casinos or PayPal casinos .
Do n’t have a favourite ?
Here ’s the list of the most popular deposit and withdrawal methods at NZ casinos .
PayPal
PayPal is a universally accepted payment system .
However , it ’s mostly accepted by non-controversial vendors , and online casinos are not one of those .
However , if a casino does accept PayPal payments , it ’s very convenient for the gambler .
We search for those casinos in New Zealand and provide you with a comprehensive list .
Neosurf
If you do n’t want to deal with online payment systems that much , but still need to pay for online casinos , Neosurf is a great choice .
It ’s a prepaid debit card that you can buy off a gas station or another vendor in NZ , and use it to pay for topping up casino accounts .
You can operate it as you would with a regular card , the only limitation is you ca n’t use it for withdrawals .
It ’s only available for topping up casinos .
Paysafecard
Paysafecard casinos is a very similar payment method to Neosurf .
In fact , you probably can find Paysafecard vouchers at the very same vendors that sell Neosurf .
You make the payments by scratching off the protective layer on the back of the voucher and using the 16 - digit code as you would with any credit card .
Alas , Paysafecard shares the same problems as Neosurf since it is not suitable for withdrawals from casinos .
Bitcoin
Bitcoin may be hard to start using if you know nothing about crypto , but it is one of the most secure payment systems .
If you do n’t mind the long onboarding , gambling with Bitcoin can be a great alternative for regular payment methods .
One of its biggest advantages is being completely anonymous provided you keep to the right protocols .
The drawbacks ?
Not every NZ online casino accepts BTC .
This is why we have gathered a list of all the casinos where you can gamble for Bitcoins .
Skrill
If you want a way to conduct payments that do not require extensive research like Bitcoin but is more comfortable to use than prepaid cards , an e-wallet like Skrill would be a great choice .
It ’s a payment system that works pretty much like PayPal — you enter the sum you want to transfer , your email address associated with the service , the password , and that ’s it .
The funds are on their way to your casino of choice .
The only drawback is that you have to pay small fees every time you top up the Skrill account or withdraw money to your bank account .
But that ’s a small price to pay for a convenient payment method that is accepted at multiple casinos .
Neteller
Neteller is an e-wallet that is a very close competitor to Skrill .
It operates on the same principle — you top up the account and can use it for payments online .
It does n’t advertise itself as a gambling solution like Skrill does but you can use it for gambling without any problems .
You will have to pay small fees for topping up and withdrawing from the e-wallet account .
POLi
Do n’t want to pay the fees to the e-wallet companies but want to have a reliable and comfortable payment method ?
With POLi , all you need to do to make a casino deposit is attach your bank account to POLi .
There are no fees to pay and money transfers take significantly less time than a regular wire transfer .
You can be completely sure about this system ’s safety as it ’s run by the Australian Post , a government - run company .
This ensures its integrity and security .
The only drawback there is to using POLi is that it ’s only available at NZ and Australian casinos .
But that ’s not a drawback New Zealanders feel badly about .
Credit Cards
Want none of these complicated payment methods ?
You do n’t have to use them at casinos since most of them accept credit cards .
If you have a Visa or a Mastercard — and most of New Zealanders do — and you do n’t mind having a bank statement filled with gambling transactions , absolute majority of casinos will take them .
The only credit cards that you may have a problem with are American Express and Maestro , as these are not particularly popular in NZ .
Other than that , there is no downside to paying with a credit card .
Wire Transfer
If you are not satisfied with any payment methods mentioned above , you ’ll have to stick to the most basic way of topping up a casino account , bank transfer .
Almost all casinos take bank transfers for both deposits and withdrawals .
However , wire transfer takes much longer to come through than an e-wallet payment and has much higher fees than most other payment methods .
It is a great idea to use bank transfer if you ’re sending huge amounts of money to the casino or making big withdrawals .
Other than that , it ’s not exactly economical .
Casinos that accept NZD
The most important thing to look for when you ’re choosing the best NZ casino to gamble at is what currencies does it take .
If it does n’t have NZD on the platform , you ’ll have to pay conversion fees twice .
First when you make a deposit and then when you make a withdrawal .
If you want to save your money , look for casinos that accept New Zealand dollars .
Here at OnlineCasinoGuide , you can find a comprehensive list of those casinos and choose the one that suits you best .
6. What Happened with Online Gambling New Zealand Laws
Online gambling in New Zealand appears to be in what you ’d call a grey area .
Here is all you need to know about it .
Legal status and history of land - based casinos
The main document that regulates gambling in the country is the Gambling Act of 2003 .
Even though it was amended later in 2005 and 2015 , the main provisions remain the same .
Land - based casinos are legal in many forms throughout the country , from slot machines in bars to huge casinos like Queenstown and Hamilton .
Legal status and history of online casinos
With online gambling , it ’s a bit more complicated .
The Gambling Act of 2003 states that “ remote interactive gambling ” is prohibited in New Zealand .
The Gambling Amendment Act of 2015 does n’t improve the situation either .
However , New Zealanders are legally allowed to gamble at online casinos registered elsewhere .
This loophole created a range of online casinos that are registered in different countries like Malta and Curacao but accept New Zealanders .
They are not allowed to advertise to people from NZ , so we gather a list of them here so that you can choose the best one without breaking any laws .
7. FAQs
What are the most popular casino games in New Zealand ?
There ’s no doubt that pokies are the most popular games in the world of gambling , New Zealand included .
They have the biggest potential for variety , so most gamblers never get bored from playing them .
However , some table games like roulette and blackjack are also fairly popular with NZ crowds .
Is it safe to play at online casinos ?
It ’s not safe to go to the first online casino you find and start gambling .
The thing is , you may not know is it a rogue or not without research .
This is why the safest bet is to read reviews at OnlineCasinoGuide first and choose from a list of vetted casinos .
Is it possible to win real money at an online casino ?
Provided the casino is safe and secure — and all casinos you see on this list are — you can be sure you can win real money .
Choose a casino that has your favorite games , make a deposit , and start testing your luck !
How can I make a deposit in an online casino ?
This depends on the particular casino that you choose .
Most casinos offer to top up with credit cards or wire transfer , but all the other payment methods differ from one casino to another .
You may be able to pay with Skrill , Neteller , Paysafecard , Neosurf , or POLi at most casinos .
Finding casinos that accept PayPal or Bitcoin is harder , but there ’s a good amount of those casinos as well .
Can I play casino games on my smartphone ?
Most casinos that you see on this list are optimized for mobile gambling , whether with an app or from the browser .
If you need a casino that is made for mobile gambling specifically , look for the list of mobile casinos .
What is the tax situation with gambling in NZ ?
You can consider yourself a happy man ( or a woman ) because unless you ’re a professional poker player with gambling being the primary source of income , your casino wins are not taxable .
What are the payout percentages ?
The payout percentage is a stat that shows how much of your bets you can expect to win back over a long period of time .
The bigger the percentage , the more you can pocket in the end .
Note , that it does n’t mean you ’ll be losing a small amount every time , this figure does n’t count for huge wins , only for averages .
Can I wager in New Zealand dollars ?
Despite the fact that online casinos cannot be registered in New Zealand , you can bet in NZD in quite a lot of casinos .
You can find those here at OnlineCasinoGuide .
Is it possible to gamble for free ?
You can try out casino games for free online , but needless to say , you wo n’t win a dime of real money .
You need to place real money bets to win real money .
If you only want to get to know the game before investing in it , feel free to try some pokies out .
Exclusive : Petraeus Wants to Go to Syria ; Bush Administration Says No Petraeus proposed visiting Syria but Bush administration rejected the idea .
Oct. 30 , 2008  -- Apparently Gen. David Petraeus does not agree with the Bush administration that the road to Damascus is a dead end .
ABC News has learned , Petraeus proposed visiting Syria shortly after taking over as the top U.S. commander for the Middle East .
The idea was swiftly rejected by Bush administration officials at the White House , State Department and the Pentagon .
Petraeus , who becomes the commander of U.S. Central Command ( Centcom ) Friday , had hoped to meet in Damascus with Syrian President Bashar al - Assad .
Petraeus proposed the trip , and senior officials objected , before the covert U.S. strike earlier this week on a target inside Syria 's border with Iraq .
Officials familiar with Petraeus ' thinking on the subject say he wants to engage Syria in part because he believes that U.S. diplomacy can be used to drive a wedge between Syria and Iran .
He plans to continue pushing the idea .
" When the timing is right , we ought to go in there and have a good discussion with the Syrians , " said a Defense Department official close to Petraeus .
" It 's a meaningful dialogue to have . "
Petraeus would likely find a more receptive audience for his approach in an Obama administration , given Barack Obama 's views on the need to engage America 's enemies .
The Bush administration 's objections to Petraeus ' proposed trip do n't come as a surprise .
The United States barely has any diplomatic relations with Syria .
There is a U.S. Embassy in Damascus , but there has been no ambassador there since 2005 .
The last senior U.S. official to visit Syria was Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi in April 2007 , a trip the White House strongly opposed .
At the time , President Bush said , " Sending delegations has n't worked .
It 's just simply been counterproductive . "
When she was in Syria , Pelosi said the " road to Damascus is the road to peace . "
At the time , National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe shot back : " Unfortunately , that road is lined with the victims of Hamas and Hezbollah , and the victims of terrorists who cross from Syria into Iraq .
It 's lined with the victims in Lebanon , who are trying to fight for democracy there .
It 's lined with human rights activists trying for freedom and democracy in Syria . "
Recently the Ragged Trousered Philanthropists play their song ‘ The Great Money Trick ’ for RNTV .
We were going to put it onto Brightcove as normal , but still havent got around to it , so sit back and enjoy it on YouTube instead !
Related
Scaling ActiveRecord with MySQLPlus
Late last week Rails core team announced the release of Rails 2.2RC1 , which amongst other things slips in ‘ thread safety ’ and an implementation of a connection pool for our beloved ActiveRecord .
Pratik Naik and Charles Nutter have both covered the implications of these contributions , but the executive summary is as follows : single ruby process ( mongrel ) , plus many MySQL connections ( ActiveRecord connection pool ) , means concurrent execution within that Mongrel process .
This also means memory conservation , better throughput , and a much simplified deployment model .
Sounds like something worth thinking about !
ActiveRecord Under The Hood
The ConnectionPool class introduced in Rails 2.2RC1 is effectively a simple wrapper for guaranteeing thread - safe access to a predefined set of connections ( in our case , MySQL sessions ) .
Let ’s take it for a spin outside of Rails :
require " rubygems " require " active_record " ActiveRecord :: Base .
establish_connection ( : adapter => " mysql " , :username => " root " , : database => " database " , : pool => 5 ) threads = [ ]
10 . times do | n | threads << Thread .
new { ActiveRecord :: Base .
connection_pool .
with_connection do | conn | res = conn .
execute ( " select sleep ( 1 ) " ) end } end # block and wait for all threads to finish threads .
each { | t | t . join } # [ root@localhost tm ] # time ruby activerecord - pool - orig.rb # # real 0m10.644s # user 0m0.405s # sys 0m0.211s
Hold on , what happened ?
We ’ve defined a pool with five MySQL connections , spooled up ten Ruby threads , and simulated some long running queries ( one second each ) .
How come it took 10 seconds to finish ?
It looks like it ’s executing our commands in serial !
To those of you familiar with the underlying gems this is hardly surprising .
The problem is that the core MySQL gem uses blocking IO and every call to the MySQL server results in a completely locked up Ruby process - hence , no parallelism is possible .
So much for our ConnectionPool ?
Asynchronous MySQL with MySQLPlus
Thankfully , we have an alternative : MySQLPlus .
Coming out of the Neverblock project , it attempts to solve exactly this problem by providing an ‘ asynchronous interface and threaded access support ’ .
First , let ’s get it installed on our system :
$ git clone git://github.com/oldmoe/mysqlplus.git $ cd mysqlpus $ gem build mysqlplus.gemspec $ gem install mysqlplus -0.1.0.gem
Now , let ’s see if we can patch ActiveRecord to behave as we want :
require " rubygems " require " active_record " # Connection pool logic works , but the underlying driver # is still blocking .
However , aliasing the query method # to use mysqlplus produces expected results !
require ' mysqlplus ' class Mysql ; alias : query : async_query ; end ActiveRecord :: Base .
establish_connection ( : adapter => " mysql " , :username => " root " , : database => " database " , : pool => 5 ) threads = [ ]
10 . times do | n | threads << Thread .
new { ActiveRecord :: Base .
connection_pool .
with_connection do | conn | res = conn .
execute ( " select sleep ( 1 ) " ) end } end # block and wait for all threads to finish threads .
each { | t | t . join } # [ root@localhost tm ] # time ruby activerecord - pool.rb # # real 0m2.663s # user 0m0.413s # sys 0m0.223s
Much better !
Instead of processing in serial order we were able to make use of our connection pool and complete the entire test in roughly two seconds .
To achieve this , we ’ve had to redefine the primary ‘ query ’ method in the MySQL gem to use the asynchronous interface provided by MySQLPlus - arguably not the cleanest way to handle the case .
Having said that , MySQLPlus is a stable gem , and one you should watch as there are a number of interesting performance patches in the works .
Does this mean it work with Rails ?
Almost .
Sneaking MySQLPlus under the covers of ActiveRecord gets us pretty far , but Rails is not yet ready for production use with this pattern .
First , Mongrel needs to be patched , and then the real bug hunt begins :
# simple controller to simulate a long running request class SamplesController < ApplicationController def slow render : text =>
Sample . find_by_sql ( " select sleep ( 5 ) " ) . to_s end def slow_pool ActiveRecord :: Base .
connection_pool .
with_connection do | conn | res = conn .
execute ( " select sleep ( 5 ) " ) end render : text => ' done ' end end #~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
# append to config/ environments/production.rb config .
threadsafe !
require ' mysqlplus ' class Mysql ; alias : query : async_query ; end #~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
# apache bench test , which issues two concurrent requests # [ root@localhost threadsafe ] # ab -c 2 -n 2 localhost:3000 / samples/slow # # Server Software : Mongrel # Server Hostname : localhost # Server Port : 3000 # # Document Path : / samples / slow # Concurrency Level : 2 # Time taken for tests : 5.23008 seconds # Complete requests : 2
As you can see , with a few simple changes our single Mongrel process is now capable of serving several parallel requests .
However , more rigorous testing is still showing hung up threads and broken processing patterns ( it is RC1 for a reason ) , but the bottom line is , we ’re making great progress !
Gordon Brown is under intense pressure to guarantee all savings in British bank accounts after Germany and Denmark became the latest European countries to make the move .
Treasury officials were scrambling to discover the extent of the response by the German leader , Chancellor Angela Merkel , to the deepening financial crisis , which immediately sparked speculation that other European nations would be forced to follow suit .
Late last night , the Danish government guaranteed all bank deposits as part of a deal to set up a 35 bn Danish kroner ( £ 3.6 bn ) liquidation fund .
Until now , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Alistair Darling , has only gone as far as raising the guaranteed deposits from £ 35,000 to £ 50,000 .
Britain 's banks hold about £ 2 trillion ( or £ 2,000 bn ) in private and corporate deposits – close to double the UK 's annual GDP .
Personal deposits account for £ 900bn .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Prime Minister will chair the first meeting today of the Government 's economic war cabinet .
It will have to find a response to Germany 's decision , which follows moves by Ireland and Greece to ward off the financial crisis by offering savers unlimited protection .
The UK Government is likely to have been angered by these unilateral actions but will probably follow suit to prevent the large - scale flow of capital out of the country .
Ms Merkel , however , had previously said that she was opposed to moves by other countries to do exactly what she condoned yesterday .
Over the weekend , Peter Mandelson , the former EU trade commissioner who is now the Business Secretary , said unilateral moves by individual countries to guarantee bank deposits could " spark a new wave of economic nationalism " .
He added : " People have to realise that selective or national approaches could lead markets to look to parts of the financial system in a distorted way . "
Ms Merkel 's surprise announcement was made hours before the German government and banks agreed a € 50bn salvage plan for Germany 's Hypo Real Estate Bank , the country 's second - biggest commercial property mortgage bank .
Talks over a € 35bn rescue plan collapsed earlier in the day , before an extra € 15bn was found .
" We will not allow the problems of one financial institution to affect the entire system , " said Ms Merkel .
" We are saying to all savings account holders that your deposits are safe .
The government guarantees this . "
Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat leader , called for a pan-European system of deposit guarantees .
" Germany is Europe 's economic superpower , " he said .
" Ireland 's action last week to guarantee all deposits made a common European approach to deposit guarantees necessary .
Germany 's decision today makes it completely unavoidable . "
The German decision comes just days after the Irish government issued its own blanket guarantee for commercial and private bank deposits .
This sparked international protests as funds began to pour into Irish banks and prompted the Treasury to raise the guarantee on British deposits from £ 35,000 to £ 50,000 .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Ed Mayo , the chief executive of the Government 's new consumer watchdog , Consumer Focus , said Britain should follow Ireland 's example and underwrite all individual holdings with its national banks .
" The best way to build consumer confidence is by giving absolute rights , " he said .
Mr Darling signalled yesterday he was ready to pump billions of pounds of taxpayers ' money into Britain 's banks as he pledged to take " pretty big steps that we would n't take in ordinary times " as it emerged that contingencies being considered by Treasury officials include buying stakes in a host of banks .
The Chancellor said the Treasury was ready to offer further help to individual banks in difficulty .
Ms Merkel 's decision will dominate the first meeting of the Government 's National Economic Council today .
A Treasury source said the Government 's £ 50,000 guarantee for savers remained unchanged .
He said officials were clarifying the extent of the German guarantee before deciding on Britain 's response .
The German announcement was not mentioned during talks in Paris between leaders of the four biggest European economies , when Britain , Germany , Italy and France agreed to co-operate to support financial institutions .
Tomorrow , the Government will publish its Banking Bill , designed to streamline emergency legislation passed to allow the nationalisation of Northern Rock .
Brown's National Economic Council
Gordon Brown : Prime Minister and council chairman
Alistair Darling : Chancellor of the Exchequer and deputy chairman
David Miliband : Foreign Secretary
Peter Mandelson : Business Secretary
John Denham : Innovations , Universities and Skills Secretary
Ed Balls : Children 's Secretary
Ed Miliband : Energy and Climate Change Secretary
Hilary Benn : Environment , Food and Rural Affairs Secretary
James Purnell : Work and Pensions Secretary
Hazel Blears : Communities Secretary
Jim Murphy : Scottish Secretary
Paul Murphy : Welsh Secretary
Shaun Woodward : Northern Ireland Secretary
Yvette Cooper : Chief Secretary to the Treasury
Margaret Beckett : Housing minister
Lord Drayson : Science minister
Paul Myners : minister for the City
Baroness Vadera : minister for Economic Competitiveness and Small Business
Stephen Carter : minister for Communications , Technology and Broadcasting
The council will meet in the Cobra meeting room in the basement of the Cabinet Office .
The windowless briefing room has been established for meetings that tackle national crises .
They say having children changes everything .
While it ’s unquestionably a remarkable time in one ’s life , I can also see how the transition introduces obvious limitations .
Suddenly you have dependent beings of life to care for .
Responsibility kicks in , compelling you to dedicate a significant portion of your time and attention to the best interests of the little ones .
Combine this with the obvious physical and lifestyle limitations that come with age and it seems to me that there are several activities to check off the bucket list before settling down to start a family .
Here ’s our list of 70 things to do before having children .
For us , it ’s simply about conquering as many life experiences as possible .
We ’re not quite there yet , but we ’re getting closer . 😉
Live in a high rise condo with an amazing view .
Take a month long vacation on the opposite side of the world in a city with a completely different culture .
Attend the Super Bowl live .
Jump out of a perfectly good airplane .
Make love in places you are n’t supposed to .
Swim with the sharks .
Scuba - dive to a large ship wreck .
Audition to be on TV or in a movie … even if you ’re just an extra .
Throw the house party of all house parties .
Supply all the booze and invite everyone you know .
Take sexy photos of yourself ( keep them somewhere safe ) .
Learn to fly a plane .
Become skilled with a musical instrument .
Live in southern California for at least a year .
Live in the heart of New York City , Chicago , Boston or another major city for at least a year .
Spend a few weeks vacationing on the beaches of Kauai with your partner .
Surf a Hawaiian wave .
Learn to speak a foreign language .
Visit the North Pole .
Attend The Tonight Show or The Late Show as an audience member .
Read at least 30 books .
Jump off a cliff into a natural body of water in an exotic location .
Go mountain climbing .
Go deep sea fishing and learn to filet and cook your own fish .
Go horseback riding on the beach with your partner .
Drink warm beer out of a barrel in a real Irish pub .
Spend a night pub - hopping in London .
Stage dive and crowd surf at a rock concert .
Take a set amount of money and hit the Blackjack and Craps tables in Las Vegas .
Visit a high - end Las Vegas strip club .
Embark on a month - long road trip across the country with 3 of your best friends .
Ride a camel across a sandy desert .
Go white water rafting .
Go snowboarding in the Rockies .
Get in great shape and enter some kind of fitness competition .
Attain a solid understanding of how the government works in your country .
Master one particular style of dance .
Fall in love .
Write a book … even if it ’s short and never gets published .
Drive through a ( somewhat safe ) portion of a third world country like Mexico or Costa Rica to gain perspective on what true poverty looks like .
Go skinny dipping in a large body of water at midnight .
Take a shower under a waterfall .
Decide on your current life goals and write them down .
Spend New Years Eve in Times Square .
Go on a blind date ( or a couple ’s dinner date with new friends you hardly know ) .
Sleep on the beach under the stars in Key West .
Hit up Oktoberfest in Munich .
Hit up Mardi Gras in New Orleans .
Hit up Carnival in Rio de Janeiro .
Experience Spring Break in all its glory in Cancun , Mexico or Panama City Beach , Florida .
Catch a ride in a hot air balloon .
Rent a fast sports car and speed down the Autobahn .
Switch jobs until you find one you truly enjoy .
Buy your first house .
Own a convertible sports car .
Hike the Grand Canyon .
Attend a Red Sox vs. Yankees game in Fenway Park .
Spend a whole day making love without every leaving the house .
Learn to make one mixed cocktail like a pro bartender .
Run a marathon .
Stand up in front of a large audience and tell a great joke .
Shoot a gun .
Swim across the English Channel .
Bicycle ride down a mountain road .
Learn to sail a sailboat .
Learn the basics of a martial art .
Visit the Amazon Rainforest .
Bare all on a nude beach .
Master one really cool magic trick .
Master a few fancy dinner recipes .
Finish up your formal education ( but continue learning ) .
What ’s on your list ?
Also , check out these books for more awesome bucket list ideas :
CONCORD , Mass .  Henry David
Thoreau endorsed civil disobedience , opposed slavery and lived for two years in a hut in the woods here , an experience he described in “ Walden . ”
Now he turns out to have another line in his résumé : climate researcher .
He did not realize it , of course .
Thoreau died in 1862 , when the industrial revolution was just beginning to pump climate - changing greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .
In 1851 , when he started recording when and where plants flowered in Concord , he was making notes for a book on the seasons .
Now , though , researchers at Boston University and Harvard are using those notes to discern patterns of plant abundance and decline in Concord  and by extension , New England  and to link those patterns to changing climate .
Their conclusions are clear .
On average , common species are flowering seven days earlier than they did in Thoreau ’s day , Richard B. Primack , a conservation biologist at Boston University , and Abraham J. Miller - Rushing , then his graduate student , reported this year in the journal Ecology .
Working with Charles C. Davis , an evolutionary biologist at Harvard and two of his graduate students , they determined that 27 percent of the species documented by Thoreau have vanished from Concord and 36 percent are present in such small numbers that they probably will not survive for long .
Those findings appear in the current issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Here ’s an inexpensive electronic circuit that you can build to put in your Jack - o’ lantern .
It provides power to drive a few LEDs at night , and automatically turns them off during the daytime .
It ’s a simple and automatic dark - detecting circuit that you can use to for your very own photosensitive pumpkin .
Our pumpkin project is closely related to the minimalist dark - detecting LED circuit that we showed previously .
In that project– basically an LED throwie with a sensor– a phototransistor controls a single LED .
While the minimalist circuit is marvelously compact and simple , it is limited both in terms of sensitivity , LED driving capability , and extensibility .
It can drive a single red or yellow LED from a lithium coin cell– but that ’s it – and it requires fairly bright light ( e.g. , direct sunlight ) to turn off the LED .
So our new dark - detecting circuit is only almost as compact or simple , but is much more sensitive , and is capable of driving several bright LEDs for your Jack - o’ lantern .
We ’ll get started with the basic circuit construction , using two LEDs for eyes , and then look at how to modify the circuit to use more or different types of LEDs .
Here ’s a list of parts for the basic design ( with two LEDs ) :
A phototransistor ( we use type LTR - 3208E )
2N3904 ( or similar ) transistor , QTY 2 .
5 k ohm resistor
Yellow or red LEDs , QTY 2 .
( We used 10 mm diffused yellow LEDs )
50 ohm resistors ( one for each LED )
Battery holder with 2 AA - size alkaline batteries
[ Technical description of the circuit :
The photosensitive element is a phototransistor .
We use type LTR - 3208E here ; it ’s an infrared - sensitive type with a dark lens .
Being IR sensitive it sees sunlight and incandescent lights , but not fluorescent or ( most ) discharge lamps – it really will come on at night .
The typical “ saturation ” current of this type of phototransistor is only of order 1 mA , which means that under conditions much less bright than sunlight , we get much less than 1 mA of output current .
To increase the sensitivity of our pumpkin enough to detect indirect daylight lighting – not just direct sunlight– we use the phototransistor as one element of a Darlington pair .
When daylight is detected , the phototransistor turns on ( just a little bit ) , which turns on the first 2N3904 , which pulls the base of the second 2N3904 to ground , and preventing the LEDs from turning on .
When it ’s dark out , no current can flow through the phototransistor or the first 2N3904 , which allows the base of the second 2N3904 to be pulled high through the 5 k transistor , which turns on the LEDs through that transistor .
As drawn here , the circuit draws 0.5 – 1 mA ( depending on ambient light ) when it ’s daytime and up to about 35 mA when driving the two LEDs at night .
( If your LEDs are superbright types , you might want to cut down on brightness and power usage by using larger load resistors . )
The photosensitive part of the circuit is independent of what ’s actually driven by the second 2N3904 , so you can change the load applied there easily .
Our circuit is drawn with two LEDs , each with its own load resistor , however you can actually use 1 - 4 parallel LEDs if each has its own load resistor . ]
A good place to start playing with a circuit like this is on a solderless breadboard .
For the most part you can follow the circuit diagram .
You ’ll need to know that on our type of phototransistor the flat side that denotes the “ collector ” pin ( “ C ” on the diagram ) .
Also , the pins of the 2N3904 are called ( left - to - right ) Emitter , Base , Collector ( E , B , and C on the diagram ) , when viewing it from the front such that you can read the writing .
On the LEDs , the side with the short lead and / or flatted faced on the lens is generally the cathode , which is the side with the flat bar in the diagram .
From there , we constructed the same circuit on a small piece of plain perfboard .
There are three twisted wire pairs going off from this little board to ( 1 ) the photosensor and ( 2,3 ) the LEDs .
( There are really just the two transistors and three resistors on the board– the resistor - looking thingies with one black stripe are just fancy wire jumpers . )
Here ’s the whole setup with the phototransistor and LEDs visible at the ends of their wire leads .
We use the long leads to be able to put the LEDs and sensor exactly where we want them in the pumpkin .
We ’ve protected the end of the leads with heat - shrink tubing .
( No use shorting out our circuit with pumpkin goo . )
The circuit board is strapped to the 2 x AA battery box with a cable tie .
Our pumpkin design here is subtle– just a pumpkin with light up eyes , close together like some kind of small creature in the dark .
But , you can go nuts in all kinds of ways with LEDs in jack - o’- lanterns , so please do !
( And do n’t forget to add your pictures to the Evil Mad Science Auxiliary on flickr ! )
Regular twist drills , turned by hand , work very well for making LED holes in pumpkins .
Here are the LEDs inserted into the holes .
They ’re nearly invisible .
Note that the LEDs are off , because the room lights are on .
Next , to drill a hole for the phototransistor .
We put this hole in the back side of the lid of the pumpkin , behind the stem .
And here is the photosensor installed neatly in place .
( You wo n’t notice it unless you look for it . )
You can test the pumpkin for photosensitivity by covering up the sensor by hand .
As we hinted earlier , this circuit is extensible– you can use it as the starting point for other things as well .
You can add extra LEDs ( each with its own load resistor ) in parallel with the two shown in the diagram to use a total of about 35 mA .
If you require slightly more output current , you can somewhat decrease the value of the 5k resistor , which will increase the base current through the second 2N3904 , and produce a higher output current .
( Note that this will make the circuit both more power hungry and a little bit less efficient . )
The circuit as drawn is fairly flexible in terms of input voltage , up to about 5 V , if you also increase the value of the LED load resistors to keep the LED current at a safe level .
One consequence of this is that you could drive the circuit from 3 - 4 cells of rechargeable NiMH / NiCd battery or 4.5 V ( from 3 AA ’s ) to provide a large enough voltage to directly drive green , white , or blue LEDs .
Another approach to driving drive green , white , or blue LEDs is to leave the voltages where they are , but to use a joule thief , and hook that up where an LED would normally go .
Finally , here is a slight variation on the design :
This variation allows you to tune the light - sensitivity of the circuit .
In this , we ’ve replaced the 5 k fixed resistor with a 5 k potentiometer , and added a 1 k resistor to restrict the maximum current into the second 2N3904 .
You can find more pumpkin projects in our Halloween Project Archive .
Sheldon Solomon is a professor of psychology at Skidmore College .
He has spent the last few decades studying how thoughts of death can powerfully influence our decisions and judgments .
He and Jonah Lehrer , the editor of Mind Matters , discuss what this phenomenon can teach us about the upcoming election .
LEHRER : What is terror management theory ?
SOLOMON : Terror management theory ( TMT ) is derived from cultural anthropologist Ernest Becker ’s efforts to explain the motivational underpinnings of human behavior .
According to TMT , one defining characteristic of human beings is self - awareness : we ’re alive and we know it .
Although self - awareness gives rise to unbridled awe and joy , it can also lead to the potentially overwhelming dread engendered by the realization that death is inevitable , that it can occur for reasons that can never be anticipated or controlled , and that humans are corporeal creatures — breathing pieces of defecating meat no more significant or enduring than porcupines or peaches .
TMT posits that humans ingeniously , but quite unconsciously , solved this existential dilemma by developing cultural worldviews : humanly constructed beliefs about reality shared by individuals in a group that serve to “ manage ” the potentially paralyzing terror resulting from the awareness of death .
All cultures provide a sense of meaning by offering an account of the origin of the universe , a blueprint for acceptable conduct on Earth , and a promise of immortality ( symbolically , by creation of large monuments , great works of art or science , amassing great fortunes , having children ; and literally , through the various kinds of afterlives that are a central feature of organized religions ) to those who live up to culturally prescribed standards .
Thus , although cultures vary considerably , they share in common the same defensive psychological function : to provide meaning and value and in so doing bestow psychological equanimity in the face of death .
LEHRER : What first got you interested in TMT ?
SOLOMON : I stumbled on Becker ’s books in 1980 wandering around the library in my first year as a professor at Skidmore College .
I found Becker ’s ideas compelling and provocative .
So did my graduate school colleagues Jeff Greenberg ( now at the University of Arizona ) and Tom Pyszczynski ( now at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs ) .
Most academics at the time rejected these ideas on the grounds that , having been derived from an existential psychodynamic perspective , they could not be tested .
Jeff ,
Tom and I consequently developed TMT to frame Becker ’s ideas in a manner that enabled them to be subjected to empirical scrutiny .
LEHRER : How does this theory relate to mortality salience ( MS ) ?
And what 's an experimental example of mortality salience at work ?
SOLOMON : A large body of evidence shows that momentarily making death salient , typically by asking people to think about themselves dying , intensifies people ’s strivings to protect and bolster aspects of their worldviews , and to bolster their self - esteem .
The most common finding is that MS increases positive reactions to those who share cherished aspects of one ’s cultural worldview , and negative reactions toward those who violate cherished cultural values or are merely different .
Our first experiment was conducted with 22 municipal court judges in Tucson , Ariz .
We told the judges we were studying the relation between personality traits , attitudes and bond decisions .
A bond is a sum of money a defendant pays prior to trial to be released from prison in the interim .
The judges completed a set of questionnaires consisting of some standard personality assessment instruments .
Embedded in the personality assessments were two questions designed to trigger mortality salience : “ Please briefly describe the emotions that the thought of your own death arouses in you ” and “ Jot down , as specifically as you can , what you think will happen to you as you physically die and once you are physically dead . ”
Only half of the judges were randomly given these questions to answer .
The judges were then given a legal case brief virtually identical to one they would typically see before a trial .
The brief stated the arresting charge , which was prostitution , and the defendant 's address , employment record and length of residency .
A copy of the citation issued to the defendant when she was arrested was also included .
Finally , the judges were given a form to set bond for the defendant .
We chose judges for the study because they are rigorously trained to make rational and uniform decisions based solely on evidence relative to existing laws .
And we had them pass judgment on an alleged prostitute because prostitution offends the moral sensibilities of the average American .
To the extent that cultural worldviews serve to mitigate mortal terror , we hypothesized that judges who thought about death would set higher bonds than those in the control condition .
The results were striking .
Judges in the control condition set an average bond of $ 50 , which was typical for this charge in actual cases at the time .
However , judges who thought about their death set an average bond of $ 455 .
Since then , more than 300 studies by independent researchers in approximately 20 countries have found support for hypotheses derived from TMT .
And it ’s not just direct questions about death : mortality salience has also been induced by interviewing people in front of a funeral home or subliminal exposure to the word “ dead ” or “ death . ”
LEHRER : Do you think this effect comes into play during election season [
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/voters-fear-death]?
SOLOMON : Yes , we think so .
In his 1998 book , The Denial of Death , Ernest Becker , based on Max Weber ’s study of charismatic leadership , proposed that in times of crisis , when fears of death are aroused , people are more likely to embrace leaders who provide psychological security by making their citizens feel like they are valued contributors to a great mission to eradicate evil .
To test this hypothesis , we had participants read campaign statements purportedly written by three gubernatorial candidates after a MS or control induction .
The candidates varied in leadership style : charismatic , task - oriented and relationship - oriented .
For example , the charismatic leader stated : “ You are not just an ordinary citizen , you are part of a special state and a special nation . . . . ”
The task - oriented leader stated : “ I can accomplish all the goals that I set out to do .
I am very careful in laying out a detailed blueprint of what needs to be done so that there is no ambiguity . ”
The relationship - oriented leader stated : “ I encourage all citizens to take an active role in improving their state .
I know that each individual can make a difference . . . . ”
Participants then selected the candidate they would vote for .
In the control condition , only four of 95 participants voted for the charismatic candidate , with the rest of the votes split evenly between the task and relationship oriented leaders .
However , following MS , there was almost an 800 percent increase in votes for the charismatic leader ; votes for the task - oriented leader were unaffected , but the relationship - oriented leader ’s votes significantly declined .
This result led us to wonder if President George W. Bush ’s tremendous popularity following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center resulted in part from the dramatic and ongoing reminder of death and vulnerability caused by the events of 9/11 .
Prior to 9/11 , Bush ’s presidency was viewed as ineffectual and uninspired , even by many of his Republican supporters .
However , within a few weeks of declaring that the nation was at war and warning other nations to join the “ crusade ” to “ rid the world of the evildoers ” or face the “ full wrath of the United States , ” President Bush ’s approval ratings reached historically unprecedented heights .
[ For more on the power of words , see “ When Words Decide , ” by Barry Schwartz ; Scientific American Mind , August / September 2007 . ]
So in the next experiment , after either pondering their death or an aversive but nonfatal control topic , participants read and indicated their support a statement that included sentences such as : “ Personally I endorse the actions of President Bush and the members of his administration who have taken bold action in Iraq .
I appreciate our President ’s wisdom regarding the need to remove Saddam Hussein from power and his Homeland Security Policy is a source of great comfort to me . ”
Thinking about death dramatically increased support for President Bush and his policies in Iraq , even when reminders of 9/11 or the World Trade Center were presented subliminally , or outside of conscious awareness .
Furthermore , in a spring 2004 follow - up study , we found that although participants rated Senator John Kerry more favorably than President Bush after thinking about unpleasant events unrelated to death , after a reminder of death , Bush was more favorably evaluated than Kerry .
In another study conducted in September 2004 registered voters favored John Kerry over George Bush by a four - to - one margin in a control condition , but favored Bush over Kerry by a two - to - one margin after thinking about death .
Based on these experiments , and other research demonstrating a positive relation between government - issued terror warnings and poll data on Americans ’ opinions of President Bush from 2001 to 2004 , I believe the outcome of the 2004 presidential election was influenced by repeated reminders of death by President Bush ’s campaign , which was carefully crafted to emphasize the war on terrorism and domestic security ( for example , “ Republican leaders said yesterday that they would repeatedly remind the nation of the Sept. 11 attacks as their convention opens in New York City today … ” New York Times , August 30 , 2004 ) .
The effort was aided by the release of a video by Osama bin Laden the weekend before the election .
This finding is not to suggest that all support for President Bush was necessarily a defensive reaction to concerns about death , or that the strategic use of fear to advance political agendas , which has a long history in American politics , is confined to the Republican party .
Also , we are not sure what , if any , effect concerns about mortality might have on the upcoming presidential election .
In 2004 Senator Kerry was anything but charismatic , and was successfully portrayed by his opposition as weak and waffling .
In the current election , Senator Barack Obama and Governor Sarah Palin are both charismatic individuals who evoke passionate support from their respective followers .
In a recent study , we found that after a reminder of death , liberal Americans were especially supportive of a liberal charismatic leader ( but not at all enthusiastic about a conservative charismatic leader ) , whereas conservative Americans were especially supportive of a conservative charismatic leader ( but not at all enthusiastic about a liberal charismatic leader ) .
Extrapolating from this finding , reminders of death could increase support for Senator Obama among his followers and increase support for Senator McCain via enthusiasm for Governor Palin among their followers .
This result would be interesting , but practically inconsequential in that a mortality salience induced exaggeration of pre-existing political preferences would not influence the outcome of the election .
LEHRER : Is it possible to resist the biasing effect of mortality salience ?
In other words , how can we protect ourselves against this reflexive bias ?
SOLOMON : The best antidote to this problem may be to monitor and take pains to resist any efforts by politicians or others to capitalize on fear mongering .
As social psychologist David Myers at Hope College so eloquently put it in a 2004 op - ed piece in the Los Angeles Times : “ It is perfectly normal to fear purposeful violence from those who hate us .
When terrorists strike again , we will all recoil in horror .
But smart thinkers also will want to check their intuitive fears against the facts and to resist those who serve their own purposes by cultivating a culture of fear . ”
As a culture , we should also work to teach our children and encourage our citizens to vote with their “ heads ” rather than their “ hearts . ”
And it may also be helpful to raise awareness of how concerns about mortality affect human behavior .
I hope that such measures will encourage people to make rational choices based on the political qualifications and positions of the candidates rather than on defensive needs to preserve psychological equanimity in response to reminders of death .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
therawstory
by john byrne
A secret US intelligence report which says the political and military situation in Afghanistan is “ grim ” will be withheld from the public until after the election , a new report says .
Intelligence officials are finishing up the National Intelligence Estimate on Aghanistan , according to ABC ’s Brian Ross , “ but there are ‘ no plans to declassify ’ any of it before the election , ” an official said .
Keeping the intelligence report under wraps would likely help Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) .
McCain has focused on what he sees as the success of the Iraq “ surge , ” in which the US added troops to lessen violence .
Attention to problems in Afghanistan would put the spotlight on President Bush ’s failures , which might rub off on the Republican presidential nominee .
“ According to people who have been briefed , the NIE will paint a ‘ grim ’ picture of the situation in Afghanistan , seven years after the US invaded in an effort to dismantle the al Qaeda network and its Taliban protectors , ” Ross writes .
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Michael Mullen told Congress last week the US is struggling to retain control .
“ I ’m not convinced we ’re winning it in Afghanistan , ” he said , adding , “ we ’re running out of time . ”
“ Absent a broader international and interagency approach to the problems there , it is my professional opinion that no amount of troops in no amount of time can ever achieve all the objectives we seek in Afghanistan , ” he said .
This aligns with the opinions of commanders on the ground .
According to a report in Tuesday ’s Wall Street Journal , the US military expects the Taliban to launch a “ winter offensive , ” which would mean a spike in violence in an area that has , at least for the recent past , been more quiet .
“ I do think there will be an increase in violence by the enemy in order to maintain a general sense of insecurity , ” Brig .
Gen. Mark Milley , deputy commander of the U.S. forces in eastern Afghanistan , told the paper .
“ The winter fighting season this year will be more violent than in previous years . ”
A spokesperson for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , Vanee Vines , told Ross “ it is not the [ National Intelligence Director ] ’s policy to publicly comment on national intelligence products that may or may not be in production . ”
National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell has said that he does n’t believe intelligence estimates should be made public , though several have recently been released , including one that detailed the US intelligence community ’s position on Iran ’s nuclear program .
The National Intelligence Estimate reflects the consensus view of 17 government agencies .
( Source )
This is too funny , and an insult to all of us who actually use our brains .
I bet she considers George W. Bush and Dan Quayle fellow intellectuals , too boot !
WaPo reports :
Does vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin consider herself intellectual ?
You betcha !
“ And you have to be up on not only current events , but you have to understand the foundation of the issues that you ’re working on , ” Palin said in an interview with People magazine .
“ You ca n’t just go on what is presented you . ”
Although Palin did n’t name a single newspaper or magazine when CBS News anchor Katie Couric asked where she got her information , the Alaska governor told People that she has always been a “ voracious reader ” and named reading _ anything from biographies to historical works _ as her favorite thing along with her children and sports .
She ’s a self - proclaimed intellectual , yet she ca n’t even construct a grammatically correct English sentence , as “ You ca n’t just go on what is presented you ” makes no sense whatsoever .
But , Palin certainly deserves a gold star or something for her intellect and creativity , because :
“ I always wanted a son named Zamboni , ” she said .
As if Track , Willow , Piper , Bristol , and Trig were n’t enough .
Remember to share , subscribe , and comment !
The Heist has been played 385054 times so far on gameadicted .com with 0 game plays today .
The Heist has an average game rating of 4/5 :
Blog Archive January ( 1 ) November ( 1 ) June ( 1 ) April ( 2 ) March ( 1 ) February ( 4 ) January ( 2 ) December ( 5 ) November ( 3 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 6 ) June ( 4 ) May ( 7 ) April ( 9 ) March ( 12 ) February ( 16 ) January ( 16 ) December ( 16 ) November ( 25 ) October ( 23 ) September ( 21 ) August ( 25 ) July ( 26 ) June ( 21 ) May ( 18 ) April ( 31 ) March ( 44 ) February ( 71 ) January ( 79 ) December ( 49 ) November ( 34 ) October ( 30 ) September ( 15 ) August ( 36 ) July ( 28 ) June ( 22 ) May ( 25 ) April ( 20 ) March ( 23 ) February ( 25 ) January ( 39 ) December ( 45 ) November ( 18 ) October ( 27 ) September ( 16 ) August ( 28 ) July ( 29 ) June ( 26 ) May ( 25 ) April ( 27 ) March ( 30 ) February ( 45 ) January ( 68 ) December ( 31 ) November ( 22 ) October ( 37 ) September ( 25 ) August ( 35 ) July ( 28 ) June ( 27 ) May ( 28 ) April ( 36 ) March ( 33 ) February ( 27 ) January ( 30 ) December ( 42 ) November ( 42 ) October ( 30 ) September ( 20 ) August ( 26 ) July ( 30 ) June ( 45 ) May ( 46 ) April ( 51 ) March ( 42 ) February ( 32 ) January ( 36 ) December ( 23 ) November ( 28 ) October ( 27 ) September ( 51 ) August ( 58 ) July ( 20 )
The definitive collection Buffett in his own words
The Warren Buffett Archive is the world ’s largest collection of Buffett speaking about business , investing , money and life .
- 26 full Berkshire Hathaway annual meetings , going back to 1994 , with a highlight reel for each year - 130 hours of searchable video , synchronized to 2800 pages of transcripts - 500 video clips covering scores of subjects - CNBC interviews , a Buffett Timeline , and a Berkshire Portfolio Tracker
In Richistan , I wrote about a new political divide emerging among the wealthy .
While most Lower Richistani's ( $ 1 million to $ 10 million in net worth ) were voting Republican , most Middle - and Upper Richistanis ( those worth $ 10 million plus and $ 100 million plus ) were voting Democrat .
Associated Press
Lower Richistanis tended to vote almost exclusively ...
This is the original article O'Reilly published on the 20th of December 2001 .
The O'Reilly one is slightly edited .
Working Without Copyleft Bjørn Reese Daniel Stenberg Copyright © 2001 Bjørn Reese and Daniel Stenberg
This paper does not offer any legal advice .
Introduction
We come in praise of voluntary contributions .
As the open source [ 1 ] phenomenon has manifested itself as a viable development model , commercial corporations [ 2 ] should excogitate their position on the open source development model , and the open source community should do vice versa .
Those who learn to cooperate will benefit the most .
We believe that this cooperation should be based on mutually acceptable terms , and that the best basis is voluntary contributions .
We see copyleft as a hindrance to this cooperation , as it only addresses the concerns of one side .
It is our impression that copyleft licenses are selected much too often due to an unfounded fear of exploitation by commercial corporations .
In the following we will explain why we choose not to release our open source software under a copyleft license .
It is important to understand that we are not arguing against copyleft per se ; that we acknowledge the role of copyleft as a catalyst , and that we believe that there continues to be a place for copyleft .
Instead we are arguing that copyleft should not be the default choice when open source projects select a license ; there are many different reasons for contributing to open source software , and that these reasons should be respected to the largest extend possible .
The Transition
The changes in our life must come from the impossibility to live otherwise than according to the demands of our conscience [...] not from our mental resolution to try a new form of life .
-- Leo Tolstoy ( 1828 -1910 )
When we started contributing to the open source community nearly a decade ago , we put all our source code under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , because it was widely used and we somehow felt that the concept of " software freedom " was important .
As software developers we were especially enchanted by the idea of unlimited access to source code , as it provided an unparallelled opportunity to learn from others .
Furthermore , we liked the protection against exploitation from commercial corporations , and we felt it was only fair to expect that whoever modified or expanded our software should return those changes ; quid pro quo [ 3 ] .
When we initially chose the GPL as the license of our projects , we did not fully comprehend the implications it had , and that we were indirectly supporting a radical and vocal political movement .
Over the years we gradually became more and more uncomfortable about using the GPL .
Our most fundamental problem with the GPLwas its extensive scope .
The GPL required that the source code of everything that went into the executable should be made publicly available under terms that were compatible with the GPL .
There were no notion of proportional fairness ; the quid pro quo was in reality a quodque pro quo [ 4 ] .
We realized that it was unethical to impose our ideas on the efforts of others .
The first stage of our transition began when the Mozilla Public License ( MPL ) was released .
This copyleft license with a file - based scope was much more in alignment with our perception of freedom , because it allowed more fine - grained distinction between " my work " and " your work " .
If nothing else had happened , we would still have been using the MPL today .
But then another peculiarity of the GPL came back to haunt us .
The GPL disallows combinations of GPL - covered code with code covered by other licenses , if those licenses have " further restrictions " [ GPL section 6 ] .
In the absense of legal precedence , the compatibility between the GPL and other licenses is being decreed by the Free Software Foundation .
To our dismay we found the MPL on the list of incompatible licenses , even though we felt that they shared the same spirit , only deviating in scope .
For us the compatibility problem was not a problem per se , because we had no intentions about using GPL - covered code in our projects .
Instead we wanted to be forthcomming towards the GPL - covered projects that wanted to use our MPL - covered code in their projects .
So we started investigating alternatives .
The obvious alternative was to use a disjunctive GPL / MPL dual - license , which had already been endorsed by the Free Software Foundation .
Our problem with the existing disjunctive dual - licenses were that they allowed the removal of one of the licenses .
This could mean that our code could be forked as GPL - only code , which would re-introduce the compatibility problem by prohibiting the combination of this new fork with MPL - covered projects ; or vice versa .
We then investigated the possibility of adding a clause to ensure that both licenses would be an available option to anyone in the future .
The Free Software Foundation claimed this was incompatible with the GPL , because ( simply put ) it was not possible to create GPL - only forks of the software .
Although we disagreed , we decided not to proceed further with this idea .
The second stage of our transition came when we started looking into the more amendable disclaimer licenses [ 5 ] , such as the modified BSD license and the MIT license .
Initially we felt apprehensive about abandonning copyleft completely , and we did not start looking at these disclaimer licenses because we felt attracted by them , but rather because we felt repelled by the uncooperative nature of the GPL .
However , upon further reflection we came to the realization that our perception of software freedom did not harmonize with the copyleft enforcement mechanism .
We believed in the freedom of developers to make their own choices about their own efforts .
Contributors , not the original author , should decide if and how their own contributions should be made available .
Copyleft would preclude such a choice .
Our fear of exploitation was overcome by observing that there is surprisingly little evidence of commercial exploitation , and that commercial corporations actually do contribute voluntarily .
Let us investigate the fear of exploitation in further detail .
Exploitation
We find it instructive to start by considering whether our motives for developing open source software is compromised by exploitation .
Whether or not exploitation takes place , we did scratch our itch , we did have fun during development , we did learn something , and we did get ample feedback .
Although " free riding " does nothing to further our motives , it does nothing to hinder them either .
We are not on a crusade against proprietary software .
Economics is not a motive for us either , and even if it were , copyleft would not offer any protection as we could easily be ousted by any entity with more marketing experience , better financial backing , or better branding .
Most commercial corporations do understand the need for contributions .
They are well aware that " scorched earth " tactics will hurt themselves in the long run .
Even from a purely cynical point of view , it makes sense to contribute modifications back to the open source project , as it becomes easier to upgrade with future baselines of the open source software .
This makes it possible to let the open source project take care of maintenance and future development , and thus to leverage on the work of the open source contributors .
Closed source forks do not gather as many contributors as open source forks .
Fortunately , our experience is that most corporations are not purely cynical , and that they do contribute voluntarily unless there are strategical reasons against .
We have received more corporate contributions , which generally are submitted by experienced developers and are of a high quality , on projects without copyleft .
There are plenty of other examples where commercial corporations have contributed voluntarily ( with or without copyleft ) - the Mozilla web browser , the OpenOffice office suite , the Apache web server , the BSD operating systems ( FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD ) , and the Enhydra application server to name some .
There are two more issues to take into consideration , namely the costs and benefits of exploitation .
The Exploitation Hurdle Using open source software has an inherent cost for commercial corporations .
It is not simply a matter of downloading the software , plugging it into a project , and laughing all the way to the bank .
Using open source software in another project is akin to software or component reuse .
This involves Assessment A thorough survey is needed to find the software , and assess that it fulfills a given set of requirements .
Validity
The corporation must validate the correctness and quality of the software .
This is usually a major task , because they have no intimate knowledge about the software , and thus is forced to construct more elaborate test suites .
Integration
Once the software has been chosen , the corporation must learn to use and integrate it into their project .
Development Environment
A tight integration requires that their development environment and tools are compatible with that of the open source software .
Non-Functional Requirements
It must be determined if the software is sufficiently reliable , responsive , scalable , configurable , etc .
Error handling and other cross-cutting concerns must be compatible with the requirements of the commercial products .
Maintenance Because the corporation has contractual obligations for their products , they must ensure the future maintenance of the software , even if the open source project is abandonned .
Benefits of Exploitation
There are some positive effects of such an exploitation .
We are not trying to justify the exploitation , but are simply trying to make the best of the situation .
Interoperability
If the corporate application is based upon our code , it has a better chance of being compatible with our application .
This makes it significantly easier for us to maintain interoperability between their application and ours .
Reverse - Engineering
If a corporation uses our code in its product and adds their own extensions , it is easier for us to reverse - engineer those extensions , than if the corporation had written their code from scratch .
This is because we are intimately familiar with our code , and thus a portion of the corporate code .
Reverse Exploitation Corporations often spent many resources trying to enhance product functionality or usability .
Because our source code is similar to theirs , and thus our applications are likely to be alike , it is easier for us to reuse their ideas in our project , and thus leverage on their investments .
Keep in mind that reuse is not limited to code ; we can also reuse ideas , designs , and functionality .
Standardization
As our code becomes more widespreadly used , it increases the chance that our interface or protocol becomes a de facto , and maybe eventually a de jure , standard .
An example of this is the TCP / IP protocol .
Endorsement A corporation has deemed our code good enough to be included in a product that they have to vouch for .
We could put that on our curriculum vitae , or maybe even consider applying for a job there .
Conclusion
Our experience with developing open source software without copyleft offers no support for the pervasive fear of exploitation .
To the contrary , we have gained more in terms of contributions and collaborations by replacing copyleft with voluntariness .
Based on our experience , we advice open source developers to use the least amount of copyleft necessary .
Use a license with the smallest copyleft scope that suits the project .
For example , in an increasing order we have disclaimer licenses with no scope , the MPL with a file - based scope , the LGPL with a library - based scope , and the GPL with an executable - based scope .
If copyleft is necessary , put only the application specific code under copyleft .
For instance , a hash table or socket wrapper is not application specific and can be reused in other projects .
Therefore it should have less copyleft than the application specific code to prevent indirectly determining the copyleft scope of projects where this code is going to be reused .
If you are going to use a mix of licenses , please note that GPL covered code can only be combined with code covered by GPL - compatible licenses .
Although we believe that you are more likely to receive contributions from commercial corporations if you abandon copyleft , we can make no guarantees that this is going to happen .
However , the use of copyleft does not guarantee contributions to your project either , as the commercial corporations may decide not to use your project because the scope of the copyleft is too extensive ( quodque pro quo ) .
Intriguingly , when we changed the license of our software to be compatible with the GPL , we did not receive any contributions from the open source people who had requested this change .
We did receive contributions from commercial corporations , because our license allowed contributions to be made by their own volition .
Welcome to shoot - it.org !
See this every f*****g day ?
This one thing or person making You
feel like grabbing a gun and
shooting it , dammit !?
But , as
You might know , using a real gun
could be dangerous and is strictly
prohibited by law most of the time ;-)
[ Serious : ]
Do n't (! ) shoot with real guns at
real people or things that are not Your own !
[ Fun again : ]
Just take a picture of Your
favourite target , upload it here and make
as many holes as You like ;-) !
cont@ct
©2001
How to play : READ THIS FIRST !
Click on the gun picture above .
A new window will appear and You
can upload a picture to " shoot at " .
File size is limited to 100 kB , so please
check first !
Larger files will be rejected !
You 'll get 30 cartridges in 2 magazines .
Reload pressing the [ R ] - key on Your Keyboard .
Zoom in|out with right - click in the FlashPlayer .
Play again pressing [ Y ] or come back
here to load a new picture .
Flash5 PlugIn and JavaScript required !
The clip will stop and show You a link to
get the Flash Player 5 if it 's found missing .
If you are convinced that your particular flavor of religion is true and that you have satisfactory and compelling evidence to think so , then consider this :
If the evidence for any particular religion was as compelling as believers tend to think that it is , then the world should be moving towards some kind of consensus with regards to the true and proper religion .
On the contrary , the world ’s religions are hopelessly splintered .
Even among the three major Western religions – Judaism , Christianity , and Islam – there are hundreds ( if not thousands in the case of Christianity ) of competing denominations that each claim to make the “ correct ” interpretation of its respective holy book .
And this is likely getting worse , not better .
This kind of scenario is utterly inconceivable if there really was clear and compelling evidence for any of them .
Consider the scientific community .
There is a good reason why there is a clear consensus among physicists concerning Einstein ’s General Theory of Relativity .
The empirical evidence is compelling and has withstood the tests of time .
The same can be said about the theory of biological evolution and many other scientific theories .
Clear , compelling evidence creates a consensus .
Is there any such consensus among scientists – people who are trained to think this way – concerning what religion they should belong to ?
I hardly think so .
If there is a God and He has an important message for us or special requirements that we need to obey , then these should be quite evident .
After nearly 10,000 years of human civilization , language , and writing , at least one thing should now be clear : there is no such divine message .
If there were , we would n’t still , after all these years and all these generations , be so hopelessly in disagreement over what that message is .
Why ?
Because a God could do much , much better than that .
If there really was such a divine message , do you really think that God would deliver that message at an arbitrary time in human history and at an arbitrary location to a handful of people in just one language – and then entrust this handful of people to write it down , pass it along , and get it translated ?
Yet this is exactly the situation we have with such “ holy ” books like the Bible , the Qur’an , and the book of Mormon .
Those who believe that Jesus is the way , the truth , and the light must deal with the ugly fact that God ’s important message did not reach any Native Americans until over 1,400 years after Jesus allegedly died and rose to heaven .
That such a message can yet still be deemed so important that one ’s own eternal life depends on knowing its contents should quite simply be an insult to anyone with a modicum of intelligence .
At the very least , this fact has reduced some thinking Christians to the equally contemptible idea that God judges fairly those who were not so lucky to ever hear His message ( apparently as a means to cover for His own inadequate communication abilities ) , presumably on their moral worth , but willingly condemns anyone to hell who hears the message but rejects its claims as compelling .
Islam is not much better , as Muslims readily admit that the Bible is a book that has been corrupted by people down through the ages – the implication therefore being that God / Allah failed to adequately pass on His important communication the first time around but waited 600 years after the completion of the New Testament to do anything about it .
Although this time it is Arabic , not Hebrew or Greek , that you have to learn if you want the privilege of reading “ God ’s words ” as they were originally spelled out .
And do n’t get me started on Mormonism .
Is your religion true ?
It seems to me that any sensible person must answer that no religion in history has ever produced compelling enough evidence for any truth claim such that disagreement would consequently be minimized and then disappear .
October 6 , 2008  --
The SEC gave " preferential treatment " to Wall Street executive John Mack during an insider trading investigation three years ago because Mack was about to become CEO of the Morgan Stanley investment banking firm , the SEC 's inspector general concluded in a report obtained by ABC News .
The report recommended disciplinary action against the SEC 's chief of enforcement , Linda Thomson , and said the firing of an SEC lawyer was " connected " to his persistent attempts to take Mack 's testimony .
Read the report 's conclusion and recommendations here .
" There 's a culture at the SEC that they 're not willing to take on the big boys , whether big economically or big politically , " said Sen.
Charles Grassley ( R - IA ) who requested the inspector general 's investigation .
It is a damning indictment of the SEC at a time when it is being asked to step up its enforcement action against Wall Street .
" They ought to be able to challenge anybody regardless of their economic might or regardless of their political might , " said Sen. Grassley .
Grassley asked for the investigation after a SEC lawyer who sought to take Mack 's testimony , Gary Aguirre , was fired .
" I was told that it would be very difficult to get approval to take his testimony because of his powerful political connections , " Aguirre told ABC News in an interview for Good Morning America .
When he says he persisted , he was told to go on vacation and then notified he had been fired .
" We were trying to immediately sit the people down and nail them down to a story , this was the sole exception , " Aguirre said .
Aguirre said the inspector general 's findings are " about as close to the truth as you can expect from an agency whose mission has been so deeply compromised . "
The report concluded , " there was a connection between the decision to terminate Aguirre and his seeking to take Mack 's testimony . "
" Wall Street has long tentacles , " said Aguirre , " and those tentacles reached into the SEC and cost me my job . "
The Inspector General found Aguirre 's superiors at the SEC provided Mack and his lawyers with information that " could prove very useful in preparing a defense . "
The report also said , " the information was provided specifically because John Mack was being considered for a high - level position in a large investment bank , and would not be available to another potential target of lesser means or reputation . "
Watch Brian Ross ' full report on Good Morning America Tuesday morning .
After Aguirre was fired , the SEC ultimately took Mack 's testimony and cleared him of wrongdoing .
A statement issued on his behalf by Morgan Stanley said , " John Mack had nothing to do with the SEC 's decision if or when it would seek his testimony in 2005 .
As soon as he was asked , John Mack immediately agreed to provide his testimony and has cooperated fully with the SEC throughout this matter . "
Regarding Mack 's testimony , the report says " the OIG investigation did not find sufficient evidence to establish that Mack was given improper referential treatment regarding the taking of his testimony " .
Aguirre says Mack hired a former Manhattan US attorney , the former head of the SEC enforcement division and other former SEC officials to pressure his bosses to curtail the investigation .
The SEC says changes have been made since its current chairman , Christopher Cox , took over .
The Inspector General did not find that " cases are generally affected by political decisions or the prominence of the defendants . "
Read a statement from the SEC here .
The SEC would not say what , if any , disciplinary action would be taken against Aguirre 's superiors , as recommended by the Inspector General .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Alik Levin's
2/7/2020
7 minutes to read
In this article
Solution Engineering for Performance & Security
“ Life is like riding a bicycle .
To keep your balance you must keep moving . ” – Albert Einstein .
I am ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 07/27/2012
This code sample is a very basic console application written using Visual Studio 2010 : Download the ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 07/24/2012
Hot off the press , Windows Azure AD Graph API Guidance available now on MSDN here .
Here are key ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 07/12/2012
Windows Azure Active Directory ( AD ) Graph API is a feature that allows programmability against MS ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/15/2012
Hot off the press : Windows Azure Security Guidance topic .
We decided first to tackle things that are ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/13/2012
Just published the article for the following scenario : ASP .
NET Web App To REST WCF Service ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 02/09/2012
This is second part following the first part , ASP .
NET : Authentication With SWT Token Using Windows ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 02/08/2012
This is first part of the overall scenario that should answer the following question :
How I can flow ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 02/07/2012
Just added another scenario to the Cloud Identity Scenarios and Solutions for Developers including ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 02/07/2012
Practice
This , my personal blog , is now available on Amazon Kindle through monthly subscription ....
Author : Alik Levin Date : 01/22/2012
Error Codes ACS Error Codes Caching DataCacheErrorCode Class Service Bus Messaging Exceptions SQL ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 11/18/2011
Windows Azure Cost Calculator Pricing FAQ Windows Azure Platform Offer Comparison Table
Author : Alik Levin Date : 11/18/2011
This post outlines my thinking on possible ways to stage application and services that are ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 10/04/2011
This post is based on WIF Built - in Bindings Overview and AD FS Endpoints .
This information should ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/30/2011
I have packaged Cloud Identity Scenarios and Solutions for Developers into PDF document .
I hope it ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/29/2011
I have developed a simple WP7 app that provides quick navigation to key resources related to Windows ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/26/2011
This is collection of resources for Windows Azure Platform technologies that should be suitable for ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/19/2011
This is a quick list of resources for the under fire scenarios for Windows Azure Caching ( Windows ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/18/2011
This is a quick list of resources for the under fire scenarios for Windows Azure ACS ( Windows Azure ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/16/2011
This is a quick list of resources for the under fire scenarios for Windows Azure Service Bus ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/15/2011
As a developer of ASP.
NET web applications and WCF service what should I know about AD FS and how to ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/14/2011
This is a quick list of resources for the under fire scenarios for SQL Azure ( Windows Azure are ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/13/2011
This is a quick list of resources for the under fire scenarios .
Under fire scenarios in my speak is ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/13/2011
This post assumes you have completed steps outlined in Displaying List Of Identity Providers ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/11/2011
This is a quick walkthrough of the code required to obtain the list of Identity Providers ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 09/09/2011
The list below is what ’s available now on the Cloud Identity Scenarios and Solutions for Developers ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 08/31/2011
I am building a catalog of Cloud Identity Scenarios and Solutions for Developers .
Almost finished ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 08/12/2011
Our team is growing .
If you are interested in creating content and guidance for emerging ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 08/03/2011
Quick update on newly available content our team just published on MSDN for Windows Azure AppFabric ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 07/27/2011
This post answers the following question : “ How do I use the Access Control Service ( ACS ) and a ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/05/2011
Scenario Following are characteristics of the scenario : RESTful web service requires SWT token ....
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/03/2011
Scenario Following are characteristics of the scenario : WCF service that exposes its functionality ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/02/2011
Scenario Following are characteristics of the scenario : WCF service that expose its functionality ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/01/2011
Scenario Following are characteristics of the scenario : WCF service that expose its functionality ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 06/01/2011
Scenario Following are characteristics of the scenario : WCF service that expose its functionality ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/31/2011
Windows Azure AppFabric Access Control Service ( ACS ) does not have built in backup and restore ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/25/2011
I am starting to ramp up on Windows Phone 7 development .
Plan to build an app for better content ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/21/2011
ACS management is now possible using PowerShell as per Announcing : Sample ACS Cmdlets for the ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/18/2011
Windows Identity Foundation ( WIF ) Extension for the SAML 2.0 Protocol is available for download here ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/16/2011
Just uploaded another 1.5 minutes ACS Academy video including supporting slides – ACS and ADFS .
Rest ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/13/2011
SQL Azure : Creating Your First Database Interacting with a SQL Azure Database How to create , ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/11/2011
Code Sample : ASP.NET MVC 3 Custom Login Page Code Sample : ASP.NET Simple Forms Code Sample : ASP.NET ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/11/2011
>
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/03/2011
This is a list of how - To ’s distilled from MSDN documentation of Windows Azure AppFabric Caching How ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 05/02/2011
Just uploaded another 1.5 minutes ACS Academy video – ACS and WIF .
Slides are here .
The Video is ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 04/25/2011
I thought it will be useful to share with you set of images and diagrams I use for depicting Windows ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 04/22/2011
Just published another 1.5 min video and the slides in ACS Academy series , ACS and the Cloud .
In the ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 04/20/2011
Business Scenarios Scenario : Provide Your Active Directory Users Access to Your Claims - Aware ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 04/19/2011
This is a list of AD FS How - To ’s distilled from the product ’s documentation on Technet ....
Author : Alik Levin Date : 04/19/2011
I needed a functionality that allows me to generate Word documents out of email items managed in my ...
Author : Alik Levin Date : 04/19/2011
Next >
Interviewed subsequently , Ms Fitzpatrick said she was too worried about her guest to laugh .
“ I was concerned that Mr Nene could have injured himself , ” she said .
Robert Reich says you should never trust a lame duck :
The Lame - Duck Stimulus , by Robert Reich :
When even the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board says Congress should pass a stimulus package we know we 're in trouble .
The last stimulus of tax rebates stimulated lots of people to pay off some of their debts , which hardly stimulated the economy at all .
The coming stimulus package could be even more nonsensical .
It will be voted on by a lame - duck Congress , many of whose members will want to reward campaign donors with juicy pieces of pork .
Other lawmakers will see it as their last opportunity to include their pet project or tax perk , and some who wo n't be accountable because they 'll be out of office in a few weeks anyway .
In other words , it 'll be less a stimulus than a Christmas Tree .
Instead of this , Congress should do just one thing when it returns right after Election Day : Extend unemployment benefits .
...
More than 1 in every 5 people out of work the unemployed have been looking for six months or more .
And many are running out of unemployment benefits .
...
That means they wo n't be able to pay their bills , including their mortgages .
Already this year , almost half of mortgage delinquencies have been caused by homeowners ' lacking of income or employment .
America needs a comprehensive stimulus package , but it should be voted on by the next Congress under a new Administration .
And it should be part of a broader jobs strategy that would include rebuilding the nation 's crumbling infrastructure , funding alternative sources of energy , and creating tax incentives for businesses that generate new jobs .
For now , focus on the unemployed .
Palin on Thin Ice
With today ’s kerfuffle over the media being kept away from Sarah Palin ’s meetings with foreign leaders -- like there was a risk she ’d answer their shouted questions ? --
I ’ve been mulling over Colby ’s post about the Hannity - Palin “ 100 percent pure infomercial ” interview .
I watched both nights , then read the transcripts , and I think the interview has n’t gotten nearly the attention it deserved .
While I agree with Colby ’s assessment that the audience was “ treated to a political advertisement aimed at serving the interests of the Republican presidential ticket , ” I think the Hannity love - fest offered a valuable look at Palin , perhaps more revealing because she was on such friendly territory .
For all the softballs Hannity tossed her way , Palin did not come off very well , in my view .
If this was a political commercial , I was n’t buying the product .
The way she answers questions brings to mind -- I have Alaska on the brain , admittedly -- the image of a polar bear , jumping from rhetorical ice floe to ice floe , drifting some but eventually managing to get safely to dry land .
No flubs , but you get the sense that she could plunge into the icy water at any moment .
Palin has an odd tendency to use the same word twice in a sentence , as in , “ The people of American realize that inherently all political power is inherent in the people , ” or , about John McCain , “ He can surpass the partisanship that must be surpassed to deal with an issue like this . ”
Or , combining word repetition with another Palin verbal tic , word dropping , this about the economic meltdown : “ Well , you know , first Fannie and Freddie , different because quasi - government agencies there where government had to step in because the adverse impact all across our nation , especially with homeowners , is just too impacting . ”
Ok , not everyone is Daniel Webster .
Palin is n’t the first politician to dwell in the land of anodyne clichés such as , “ We sort of have a do - nothing Senate right now where nobody is really wanting to pick up the ball and run with it . ”
Yet I always got the sense listening to George W. Bush tying himself up in rhetorical knots that his problem was more in the nature of getting the words to come out of his mouth correctly , not so much that he did n’t know what to say .
Palin --
I ’m not so sure .
An Alaska friend tells me that Palin has always benefited from being underestimated .
Maybe I ’m doing that .
Maybe I ’ve been around polished politicians too long to appreciate the unvarnished authenticity that obviously appeals to many voters .
But there ’s no Palin interview I ’ve listened to , before or after her selection , that gave me the sense that she had anything but a millimeter - thin understanding of the issues facing the country she hopes to help lead .
Consider this exchange .
Hannity :
What is our role as a country as it relates to national security ?
Palin : Yes .
That 's a great question , and being an optimist I see our role in the world as one of being a force for good , and one of being the leader of the world when it comes to the values that -- it seems that just human kind embraces the values that -- encompass life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness , and that 's just -- not just in America , that is in our world .
And America is in a position because we care for so many people to be able to lead and to be able to have a strong diplomacy and a strong military also at the same time to defend not only our freedoms , but to help these rising smaller democratic countries that are just -- you know , they 're putting themselves on the map right now , and they 're going to be looking to America as that leader .
We being used as a force for good is how I see our country .
Whew .
Made it to the other side of that one .
Ca n’t wait for the debate .
I bet it will be impacting .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
October 30th , 2008
Let ’s first take a quick look at , Insider Crimes , Funny Money and Options Rackets :
I had always assumed the entire business of the markets to be a massive criminal enterprise that allowed public participation simply because it made a few people extremely wealthy .
But , I wondered , when do the fewest people make the most money in the shortest period of time ?
During gaps .
A gap is a sudden , violent change in the price of a stock , future , bond , etc .
Gaps are caused by some event that temporarily creates a state of disequilibrium in order flows .
Gaps on stocks started to draw my attention because I just knew that insiders ( and others ) were pre-positioning themselves to profit from those moves .
I noticed that , quite regularly , unknown , crappy little companies would go up 25 % , 50 % , 100 % , 200 % or more in a single session .
You see them almost every day on the top percent gainers board .
For years , I looked at those and shrugged .
“ Yep .
People hit the lotto too , ” I ’d say to myself .
I watched another one pop , then , finally , I thought : “ This is the scene of a crime for sure . ”
I ’m not talking about legal insider trading by corporate officers that the financial press follows .
I ’m talking about the mistresses of executives and $ 2000 per hour prostitutes who heard something over pillow talk , friends at country clubs who get a tip during the golfcart ride to the 18th hole , industrial espionage operators ( former spooks ) who have these idiots under surveillance , low level IT staff who read the executives ’ email , not for fun , but for profit , etc. etc .
The point is that LOTS of people who are n’t corporate insiders know the news before the market does .
They buy before the news comes out .
This happens every day .
Happy trading !
Via : Slate :
In 1951 , Jacobo Árbenz Gúzman became Guatemala ’s second democratically elected president .
Árbenz ’s authoritarian predecessors had been very sympathetic to American business interests , particularly those of the United Fruit Co. ( now Chiquita ) , which had bought up land titles on the cheap from Guatemala ’s corrupt elite for its ever - expanding banana empire .
Once in office , Presidente Árbenz sought to take it all back , nationalizing UFC ’s Guatemalan assets and redistributing them to the poor .
But UFC had friends in very high places — the assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs , John Moor Cabot , was the brother of UFC President Thomas Cabot .
The secretary of state himself , John Foster Dulles , had done legal work for UFC , and his brother Allen Dulles was director of the CIA and also on UFC ’s board .
Thanks to the Freedom of Information Act , we now know that the various Cabots and Dulleses had a series of top - secret meetings in which they decided that Árbenz had to go and sponsored a coup that drove Árbenz from office in 1954 .
With a U.S. puppet back in the president ’s mansion , UFC ’s profits were safe .
But it appears the company was n’t the only beneficiary of this Cold War cloak - and - dagger diplomacy : A recent study by economists Arindrajit Dube , Ethan Kaplan , and Suresh Naidu argues that those in on the planning process also profited handsomely .
By tracking the stock prices of UFC and other politically vulnerable firms in the months leading up to CIA - staged coups in Guatemala , Chile , Cuba , and Iran , the researchers provide evidence that someone — perhaps one of the Dulleses , Cabots , or others in the know — was trading stocks based on classified information of these coups - in - the - making .
This exposé is a contribution to the rapidly expanding field of “ forensic economics , ” which tries to understand the who , what , and why of illicit transactions .
Since these are activities that take place out of sight ( at least when they ’re done right ) , researchers are forced to look for fingerprints left in the data by smugglers , bribe - taking politicians , and other lawbreakers .
Dube , Kaplan , and Naidu examine how the stock market reacted to events that no Wall Street trader should have known about : top - secret meetings of the coup - plotting cabals at CIA headquarters and presidential approvals of CIA - organized invasions .
These events would have increased the expected future profits of companies like UFC — if the CIA - led coup in Guatemala were successful , for example , UFC would get its plantations back .
If stock traders were privy to the coup - planning process , we would expect them to bid up the prices of affected companies in anticipation of these higher profits .
These meetings and authorizations were all highly classified , however , and since you ca n’t trade on information you do n’t have , UFC ’s stock price should n’t have budged until the coup actually took place and the investing world learned of the regime change .
Unless , that is , some of the Cabots , Dulleses , or other insiders were using their privileged information to profit personally from a future coup .
To understand why insider trading would boost a company ’s stock price , suppose that someone in on the planning — perhaps at UFC or at the State Department itself — started quietly buying up cheap UFC stock in anticipation of the price jump that would come when the coup took place ( or tipped off his stock - trading cousins about the future boost to UFC so they could do the same ) .
All of this pre-coup buying would increase demand for UFC stock , bidding up its price even before CIA operatives actually got to work overthrowing the Guatemalan government .
Such trading on inside information is illegal , and when it involves highly classified details about a future CIA coup , it verges on treason .
Yet the researchers found that prices of companies affected by the CIA ’s regime - toppling efforts — UFC in Guatemala , Anglo - Iranian ( oil ) in Iran , Anaconda ( mining ) in Chile , and American Sugar in Cuba — went up in the weeks and months preceding the coups .
( The authors restrict their analysis to coups for which they had access to declassified planning documents and for which U.S. companies had had property nationalized by the targeted regimes . )
Furthermore , these gains were concentrated in the days following crucial government authorizations or plans for the coup ( suggesting the trades were n’t simply the result of good guesswork about a coup in the making ) .
For example , in the week that President Eisenhower gave full approval to Operation PBFortune to overthrow Árbenz , UFC ’s price went up by 3.8 percent ; the stock market overall was flat that week .
In all , shares of coup - affected companies went up by a total of 10 percent following top - secret authorizations , swamping the 3.5 percent gain that came immediately in the coups ’ aftermaths .
If information had n’t been leaking into the stock market via insider trading , then the entire impact of the coup should have appeared only when the very public invasions took place and the investing world finally got news of the regime change .
Unfortunately , there are limits to what these stock - market forensics can uncover .
When the researchers contacted the Securities and Exchange Commission to find out who was trading on these days , they learned that there are limits to what the Freedom of Information Act could provide .
So , we ca n’t pin the apparent insider trading on anyone in particular .
There ’s also some evidence , albeit tentative , that the market was very good at forecasting the coups ’ success and failure — a further indication that the traders driving up the price had detailed knowledge of the covert plans ( and their expected outcomes ) .
The CIA - led invasion of Cuba is referred to these days as the Bay of Pigs fiasco for a reason , and whoever was trading on insider knowledge seemed to place his bets accordingly — the pre-invasion increase in American Sugar ’s stock price was much lower than the gains for companies affected by the other , successful coups in the study .
What about the forensic economics of the Bush administration ?
Researchers have already estimated what it ’s worth for Republican - connected companies to have George W. Bush in the White House by looking at what happened to the stock prices of companies with former Republican lawmakers on their boards when Al Gore gave up his fight for the presidency on Dec. 13 , 2000 ( they went up ; Democratically connected companies ’ prices went down ) .
If and when the story behind the U.S. invasion of Iraq becomes public , researchers will surely also be analyzing the share prices of the many companies that profited from a U.S. - occupied Iraq .
None will see greater scrutiny than oil services giant Halliburton , whose former CEO Dick Cheney left the company to become vice president in 2000 and undoubtedly took part in the invasion ’s planning .
( Some say he was pivotal in the decision to invade . )
In the Iraq war ’s aftermath , Halliburton received billions in no-bid reconstruction contracts , boosting its profits and leading to accusations of corruption .
Halliburton ’s stock price jumped 7.6 percent the day the Senate authorized the use of force in Iraq , so investors clearly anticipated that war would be good for the company .
Did insiders also profit from advance notice of these sweetheart deals to come ?
Conspiracy theorists will no doubt be interested in what happened to Halliburton stock on days when less - public meetings took place .
Cheney himself certainly could not have traded on any inside information — monitoring of insider trades and stock transactions is much more sophisticated now than it was in the 1950s .
But perhaps others in the V.P. ’s office or at Halliburton ( or their cousins , or their cousins ’ cousins ) might have been able to do some trading on the sly .
If so , they may have left tracks in the data for researchers to follow .
Related : Exposed : The Carlyle Group ( Torrents available )
DIGG THIS
Since the bailout bill passed , I have been frequently disturbed to hear experts  wrongly blaming the free market for our recent economic problems and calling for more regulation .
In fact , further regulation can only make things worse .
It is important to understand that regulators are not omniscient .
It is not feasible for them to anticipate every possible thing that could go wrong with whatever industry or activity they are regulating .
They are making their best guesses when formulating rules .
It is often difficult for those being regulated to understand the many complex rules they are expected to follow .
Very wealthy corporations hire attorneys who may discover a myriad of loopholes to exploit and render the spirit of the regulations null and void .
For this reason , heavy regulation favors big business against those small businesses who cannot afford high - priced attorneys .
The other problem is the trust that people blindly put in regulations , and the moral hazard this creates .
Too many people trust government regulators so completely that they abdicate their own common sense to these government bureaucrats .
They trust that if something violates no law , it must be safe .
How many scams have  It ’s perfectly legal  as a hypnotic selling point , luring in the gullible ?
Many people did not understand the financial house of cards that are derivatives , but since they were legal and promised a great return , people invested .
It is much the same in any area rife with government involvement .
Many feel that just because their children are getting good grades at a government school , they are getting a good education .
After all , they are passing the government - mandated litmus test .
But , this does not guarantee educational excellence .
Neither is it always the case that a child who does NOT achieve good marks in school is going to be unsuccessful in life .
Is your drinking water safe , just because the government says it is ?
Is the internet going to magically become safer for your children if the government approves regulations on it ?
I would caution any parent against believing this would be the case .
Nothing should take the place of your own common sense and due diligence .
These principles explain why the free market works so much better than a centrally planned economy .
With central planning , everything shifts from one ’s own judgment about safety , wisdom and relative benefits of a behavior , to the discretion of government bureaucrats .
The question then becomes what can I get away with ,  and there will always be advantages for those who can afford lawyers to find the loopholes .
The result then is that bad behavior , that would quickly fail under the free market , is propped up , protected and perpetuated , and sometimes good behavior is actually discouraged .
Regulation can actually benefit big business and corporate greed , while simultaneously killing small businesses that are the backbone of our now faltering economy .
This is why I get so upset every time someone claims regulation can resolve the crisis that we are in .
Rather , it will only exacerbate it .
See the Ron Paul File
November 4 , 2008
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Copper door handles and taps kill 95 % of superbugs in hospitals
Hope : Copper taps , toilet seats and push plates on doors all but eliminated common bugs , the study found
Making door handles , taps and light switches from copper could help the country beat superbugs , scientists say .
A study found that copper fittings rapidly killed bugs on hospital wards , succeeding where other infection control measures failed .
In the trial at Selly Oak hospital , in Birmingham , copper taps , toilet seats and push plates on doors all but eliminated common bugs .
It is thought the metal ' suffocates ' germs , preventing them breathing .
It may also stop them from feeding and destroy their DNA .
Lab tests show that the metal kills off the deadly MRSA and C difficile superbugs .
It also kills other dangerous germs , including the flu virus and the E coli food poisoning bug .
Although the number of cases of MRSA and C difficile is falling , the two bugs still claim thousands of lives a year .
During the ten - week trial on a medical ward , a set of taps , a lavatory seat and a push plate on an entrance door were replaced with copper versions .
They were swabbed twice a day for bugs and the results compared with a traditional tap , lavatory seat and push plate elsewhere in the ward .
The copper items had up to 95 per cent fewer bugs on their surface whenever they were tested , a U.S. conference on antibiotics heard yesterday .
Professor Tom Elliott , the lead researcher and a consultant microbiologist at the hospital , said : ' The findings of 90 to 95 per cent killing of those organisms , even after a busy day on a medical ward with items being touched by numerous people , is remarkable .
' I have been a consultant microbiologist for several decades .
This is the first time I have seen anything like copper in terms of the effect it will have in the environment .
' It may well offer us another mechanism for trying to defeat the spread of infection . '
Researcher Professor Peter Lambert , of Aston University , Birmingham , said : ' The numbers decreased always on copper but not on the steel surfaces . '
If further hospital - based trials prove as successful , the researchers would like copper fixtures and fittings installed in hospitals around the country .
Doorknobs , taps , light switches , toilet seats and handles and bathroom ' grab rails ' could all be ripped out and replaced with copper versions .
Making door handles , taps and light switches from copper could help the country beat superbugs , scientists say
Although it is usually thought to be an expensive metal , copper is actually a similar price to stainless steel , the researchers said .
Nursing homes and even our houses could also benefit from the metal 's ability to wipe out dangerous bugs .
The healing power of copper has been recognised for thousands of years .
More than 4,000 years ago , the Egyptians used it to sterilise wounds and drinking water and the Aztecs treated skin conditions with the metal .
The ancient Greeks also knew of its benefits .
Hippocrates , sometimes called ' the father of medicine ' , noted that it could be used to treat leg ulcers .
Today , copper is a common constituent in medicines including antiseptic and antifungal creams .
It is also believed to have anti-inflammatory properties .
Many of those with arthritis wear copper bangles .
Although they provide relief to many , there is no scientific evidence that they work .
Copper is present in our diet in trace amounts and plays an important role in the formation of red blood cells and in keeping our blood vessels , nerves and bones healthy .
The research was funded by the copper industry .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Syria 's foreign minister has accused the US of an act of " criminal and terrorist aggression " over what it says was a helicopter raid on its territory .
Walid Muallem said Sunday 's attack saw four US aircraft travel eight miles inside Syrian airspace from Iraq and kill eight unarmed civilians on a farm .
Unnamed US military officials have said the attack targeted and killed a high profile al - Qaeda operative .
But the White House has not confirmed or denied the alleged raid .
A US official was quoted by the AFP news agency as saying that its forces had mounted a " successful " raid against foreign fighters threatening US forces in Iraq .
He said the raid was believed to have killed " one of the most prominent foreign fighter facilitators in the region " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Whether they could justify a raid or not is irrelevant .
They killed eight people in an unannounced attack on an uninvolved country Michael , Glasgow , Scotland
He was the leader of a network which smuggled fighters into Iraq and had been put on a US Treasury Department black list in February for funding and arming insurgents , says our correspondent .
The military official quoted by AFP said : " Look when you 've got an opportunity , an important one , you take it " .
" That 's what the American people would expect , particularly when it comes to foreign fighters going into Iraq , threatening our forces . "
The US has previously accused Syria of allowing militants into Iraq , but Mr Muallem insisted his country was trying to tighten border controls .
' An opportunity ' Speaking at a news conference in London , Mr Muallem said the raid on the town of Abu Kamal had killed a father and his three children , a farm guard and his wife , and a fisherman .
Mr Muallem said the raid was " not a mistake " and that he had urged the Iraqi government to investigate .
In pictures : Grief and anger in Syria Syria fears damage to Europe ties " We consider this criminal and terrorist aggression .
We put the responsibility on the American government , " he told reporters following talks with UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband .
He added : " All of them [ the victims ] are civilians , Syrian , unarmed and they are on the Syrian territories .
" Killing civilians in international law means a terrorist aggression . "
Asked if Syria would use force if a similar operation was mounted , he said : " As long as you are saying if , I tell you , if they do it again , we will defend our territories . "
Referring to the US presidential election , he said : " We hope the coming administration will learn the mistakes of this administration . "
Mr Muallem and Mr Miliband were scheduled to hold a joint press conference , but Mr Miliband withdrew .
The UK government has declined to comment on the raid .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Created by admin on 2008 - 11-09 .
Updated : 2008-11-09 , 23:39
It 's finally here !
The new stable release of Scala is ready for download : you can obtain the new Scala 2.7.2. final from our Download Page .
Many thanks to all those who contributed code , energy , and time towards this release , and helped us with testing and bug fixing .
The matching Scala plugin for Eclipse is also available for download via the Eclipse software update facility ( more information here ) .
The following features are new to the 2.7.2 version of Scala :
What 's new ?
COSTS FOR FIRST YEAR OF CANCER TREATMENT COSTS FOR FIRST YEAR OF CANCER TREATMENT
The cost of cancer care has increased dramatically in recent years both for patients and for their insurance plans .
Depending on a person 's insurance plan , patients could be on the hook for tens of thousands of dollars , experts say .
2003 2006 Percent increase Paid by health plan $ 37,504 $ 57,657 54 %
Paid by patient $ 2,434 $ 5,094 109 % Source : HealthCore data presented at American Society of Clinical Oncology conference BREAST CANCER IN WOMEN BREAST CANCER IN WOMEN 182,460 : Estimated new cases in 2008 40,480 : Estimated deaths in 2008 89 % : 5 - year survival rate
At a time when they 're already fighting for their lives , more cancer patients are now struggling to pay for their medicines .
One in eight people with advanced cancer turned down recommended care because of the cost , according to a new analysis from Thomson Reuters , which provides news and business information .
Among patients with incomes under $ 40,000 , one in four in advanced stages of the disease refused treatment .
Of late - stage colon cancer patients , 12 % spent more than $ 25,000 out of pocket , according to the survey , in which 1,767 people answered an online questionnaire .
This type of survey is n't considered scientifically rigorous , because it did n't use a random sample of people .
But its findings are similar to a 2006 study in Cancer , which found that cost caused more than 20 % of all cancer survivors — not just those with advanced cases — to delay or miss needed care .
HERCEPTIN : Breakout drug led way in targeting tumors YOUR HEALTH : Breast reconstruction no easy choice FORUM : Living with Cancer BETTER LIFE :
More cancer news and studies Experts say the signs of stress are everywhere : • Nearly 20 % of Americans have problems paying their medical bills , according to a report in September from the Center for Studying Health System Change . •
One in four cancer patients or their families said they used up all or most of their savings to pay for treatment , according to a 2006 survey of nearly 1,000 survivors and their families by USA TODAY , the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Harvard School of Public Health .
•
One in 10 in that survey said they were unable to pay for basic necessities , such as food , heat and housing .
Many of the medical advances that allow cancer patients to live longer come at a high cost , says Joseph Singer of HealthCore , a Delaware - based health research company .
As costs rise , insurers are shifting a greater share to patients , says Neal Meropol of Philadelphia 's Fox -Chase Cancer Center .
Many plans now require patients to pay for 20 % of their health care — a heavy burden in the case of drugs such as Erbitux , which costs $ 10,000 a month .
Charities that assist cancer patients say they 're straining to keep up with the demand .
At CancerCare , a national group that provides social work and small grants for transportation expenses , requests for financial help increased 30 % this summer compared with last , says executive director Diane Blum .
David Johnson , director of hematology and oncology at Nashville 's Vanderbilt - Ingram Cancer Center , says some of his patients have opted to stop treatment partly because of the cost .
His own brother - in - law , a truck driver , turned down Erbitux when he was facing colon cancer four years ago .
He says patients face a painful dilemma : " Do they pay out of pocket — sometimes in the thousands of dollars — or do they forgo the therapy to preserve for their family what modest assets they may have ? "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 9 , 2008
David Edwards and Andrew McLemore , writing for Raw Story , report on the Clintonite John Podesta , chairman of Obama ’s transition team .
“ The high voter turnout and landslide electoral college victory spell a clear path of American support for Obama ’s message of political reform , Podesta told Fox News ’ Chris Wallace on Sunday , ” report Edwards and McLemore .
Podesta told Wallace they are “ moving aggressively to try to build out that core economic team , the national security team . ”
“ I think his charge to us is that he wants a broad diverse cabinet , one that ’s built on first criteria excellence , ” Podesta said .
When asked by Wallace what some of Obama ’s first decisions might be to prove his dedication to changing Washington , Podesta mentioned that Obama will review all the executive orders issued by President Bush and determine which ones should be repealed .
The co-chairman said Obama would probably overturn the ban on stem cell research as well as orders concerning healthcare and energy transformation .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Stem cell research is a pet cause for Democrats , but you will notice there is no word about National Security Presidential Directive 51 , allowing the president to declare martial law and trash the Constitution .
Naturally , Obama and his globalist bosses will need this so we can expect it to stay .
It provides the president with absolute dictatorial power over the government with no checks and balances .
Podesta admitted as much when he said : “ There ’s a lot the president can do using his executive authority without waiting for congressional action and I think we ’ll see the president do that . ”
“ In the battle of political philosophies during this election , the progressive philosophy won , Podesta said . ”
For Mr. Podesta and the coming Obama administration , flexing “ executive authority without waiting for congressional action ” is part of the “ progressive philosophy , ” but then so is the phony GWOT and the lost cause occupation of Afghanistan .
Of course , the Democrat controlled Congress will not have any problems with our new Caesar ruling in authoritative manner .
He is a kindred spirit .
Finally , a bit of background on John Podesta is required so we can better understand where we are headed now that Obama has his mandate .
Back in 2003 Podesta , along with Harold Ickes , founded what is called the “ Heritage of the left , ” the American Majority Institute , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit “ think tank , ” or maybe that should be conspiracy tank .
Morton Halperin of the Council on Foreign Relations was slated to run the show and George Soros was tagged to provide the lucre .
Masquerading as a progressive , former Bill Clinton chief of staff Podesta worked as a lobbyist for BP , Lockheed Martin , General Dynamics , the Swiss pharmaceuticals corporation Novartis International AG , and Wal - Mart .
Is it possible an operative for the CFR , the death merchants , multinational pharmaceuticals corporations , and slave - mart will deliver “ change ” ?
Sure it is … and the moon is made of green cheese .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Explanation : Sometimes , after your eyes adapt to the dark , a spectacular sky appears .
Such was the case earlier this month over Ontario , Canada , when part of a spectacular sky also became visible in a reflection off a lake .
To start , the brightest objects visible are bright stars and the planet Jupiter , seen as the brightest spot on the upper left .
A distant town appears as a diffuse glow over the horizon .
More faint still , the disk of the Milky Way Galaxy becomes apparent as a dramatic diffuse band across the sky that seems to crash into the horizon far in the distance .
In the foreground , a picturesque landscape includes trees , a lake , and a stone wall .
Finally , on this serene night in July when the lake water was unusually calm , reflections appear .
Visible in the lake are not only reflections of several bright stars , but part of the Milky Way band itself .
Careful inspection of the image will reveal , however , that bright stars leave small trails in the lake reflections that do not appear in the sky above .
The reason for this is because the above image is actually a digital composite of time - consecutive exposures from the same camera .
In the first set of exposures , sky images were co-added with slight rotations to keep the stars in one place .
DIGG THIS
Two key groups collided in St. Paul : police and the RNC Welcoming Committee ( RNCWC ) .
The latter group bills itself as " an anarchist / anti- authoritarian organizing body preparing for the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota . "
The focal positioning of this branch of anarchists is socialism with a small s ( not State Socialism ) , anti-capitalism and anti-global capitalism ( especially big business and large corporations ) , anti-political system , and pro-social justice .
It is socialist anarchism .
This branch has its own left wing that embraces various degrees of violence .
To understand the smash - up , we need to understand both sides in the battle .
The protest strategy of the RNC Welcoming Committee follows the general model of the 1999 Seattle World Trade Organization protests and riots .
A heightened level of violence as compared with peaceful sit-ins is a conscious part of that strategy .
The police are in a difficult position .
They can not idly stand by and allow massive disruption .
The protesters are also in a difficult position .
They do not want to stand by idly and silently endure political outcomes that they detest .
Some at least do not wish to work solely at the community level while rendering unto Caesar at other levels .
They are not patient and long - suffering souls who are prepared to look ahead 300 years .
Police cannot handle violence with gentility and police inaction .
If they do , rioters will run riot .
A Black Block participant in Seattle said of the Seattle police :
" I would say that they messed up big time , way to our advantage .
The first day they thought they would be effective by undermining what they thought to be our strategy of filling up the jails .
They planned to make no arrests , and just use plenty of non-lethal force .
That non-lethal force just strengthened people ’s resolve to disrupt the conference .
It also led a lot of people to move away from strict pacifism .
It is easier to remain a pacifist if you ’ve never felt the force of the state .
When their [ the police ] strategy failed all they could do was try and maintain the police lines , which they had a lot of trouble with .
" By the end of the first day a State of Civil Emergency had been declared and there was a lot of criticism of the more destructive activists .
The police and the city had an opportunity to turn things around for themselves and they blew it .
The cops went on a rampage for 24 hours indiscriminately attacking people all over the city .
While they arrested a lot of activists for civil disobedience , the brunt of the force was directed against non-activist civilians .
The police were already under a lot of heat for mishandling the day before .
With the ensuing day of police rioting they had turned our struggle into a much more popular struggle , and the cops lost all respect . "
Police seem to have difficulty discriminating peaceful and violent protest .
They have problems in knowing what to do when faced with protests that are both organized , semi-organized , and improvised ( all at the same time ) , and protests that intentionally use disruptive tactics like human blockades , window - breaking , and spray painting .
They have difficulty when violent protests intermingle with peaceful protests and marches .
On the streets , they have difficulty telling the good guys from the bad guys and deciding what level of violence they should use .
Overseas police have apparently learned how to cope and gain control , according to one observer of subsequent attempts to disrupt major conferences in Prague , Quebec , and Genoa .
Protesters did not have the success they had in Seattle .
Police training is deficient , as evidenced by the arrests of journalist Amy Goodman and her producers , the latter being charged with felonies .
Goodman merely asked police a question , which brought on a charge of conspiracy .
A video shows one or two policemen in an advancing phalanx who pepper spray a harmless young woman who ambles toward them holding a flower .
An AP photographer was arrested .
Police in these cases abandon both common sense and use of the English language .
They make total control into their single - minded goal .
And the only way that they know how to implement it seems to be massive force directed at even the least person or interaction that even remotely appears to threaten their dominance .
They want instant and complete obedience .
If you do not get out of their way , then they assume that you are automatically conspiring against them and worse .
In too many cases , the friendly cop on the beat has been transformed into some kind of machine .
Life imitates art .
The police phalanx is a version of the droid - machine ED - 209 in Robocop .
At a demonstration of its capabilities , the droid fails to recognize that a volunteer has dropped his weapon upon command .
The droid proceeds to riddle the poor man with bullets .
What are groups like the RNCWC after ?
What do they hope to accomplish with disruptive and violent tactics ?
The immediate tactical goal at St. Paul was to blockade the convention center , immobilize the busses carrying delegates , and block access by bridges .
The idea was to disrupt the timed and planned convention activities .
Closing the convention would have been complete victory .
Many different groups are involved and their longer - term aims vary greatly .
Forty groups are listed on the RNCWC web site .
Here is one summary of a few positions :
" Unconventional Action ’s strategy at the Democratic National Convention will hold the Democratic Party accountable for promoting unjust policies : environmental degradation , the enforcement of arbitrary borders , attacks on the poor , complacency in war , and racist policing .
We will expose to the nation that the Democrats and Republicans are two sides of the same coin , both parties funded by the same corporations and upholding the same unjust political system which fails to meet the needs of the vast majority of people …
Unconventional Action will honor and support autonomous actions while coordinating a highly publicized assault on the pageantry , violence , and abuses of the Democrats and the two - party capitalist system . "
These protests serve a number of lesser purposes in the minds of protesters .
( 1 ) Disrupt the conference .
( 2 ) Oppose " global capitalism " by direct action .
( 3 ) Gain publicity that symbolizes disaffection of the system . ( 4 ) Let off stream .
But since they know that the powers - that - be will continue on and accomplish their work in other ways , the main ideas lie elsewhere .
They are ( 1 ) to " demonstrate an alternative — they show that you do n’t have to leave decisions up to others , that it ’s possible for large numbers of people to come together and organize themselves , that direct action and direct democracy are possible .
That is the real point of the summit protests … " , and ( 2 ) to activate and empower people who participate , ( 3 ) to create a coalition and movement that allies such groups as labor , anarchism and environmental , and ( 4 ) to place the powers - that - be on the defensive by making them have to defend their get - togethers .
Protests challenge the power of the authorities .
Having to defend their every move shows how weak they really are .
They respond the only way they know how , which is with a greater police presence .
The police counter - attack with methods that infringe rights and threaten the liberties of all .
Reminiscent of police operations in pre-Revolutionary Russia , the New York Police Department " infiltrated and spied on protest groups across the country " prior to the 2004 Republican National Convention ( RNC ) .
Agents provocateurs were also reported .
In 2008 , the FBI joined state and local police in similar operations in St. Paul , Minnesota .
Three months ago , they began recruiting moles ( underground informers and spies ) to show up at " vegan potlucks " as a means of infiltrating groups readying protests at this year ’s RNC .
The organization coordinating this is the FBI ’s Joint Terrorism Task Force .
This began in 1980 and now has 3,723 members nationwide working out of 56 offices and 100 cities .
Mimicking the language of terrorists , we are told that they are " small cells of highly trained , locally based " persons , including investigators , analysts , linguists , SWAT experts , etc .
Protesters are not terrorists , but loosely - written statutes , state and federal , are giving the green light to tactics worthy of a police state .
Glenn Greenwald is documenting the police intimidation , arrests , and militarized scare tactics in St. Paul .
Our country has lived through many such episodes before , such as during the Red Scare of 1918 — 1921 .
But the problem of excessive and improper police methods is today much , much greater for many reasons .
( 1 ) Many police departments have adopted these tactics of spying , infiltration , provoking crimes , intimidation , seizure , and wide nets of arrest and handcuffing .
( 2 ) Federal police are involved .
( 3 ) The police at state , local , and federal levels now have a national coordinating organization .
( 4 ) The police efforts are not an episode lasting a few years .
They span decades .
( 5 ) The methods have escalated .
( 6 ) The police methods are backed up by a panoply of new laws and such methods as seizure and forfeiture .
( 7 ) The war on terror umbrella provides a background for public acceptance of suppression of political liberty .
( 8 ) The effect is to suppress public political dissent .
Normal political speech is sacrificed for the maintenance of law and order .
The U.S. has become as autocratic as Czarist Russia and is provoking the same kinds of behaviors : youthful revolutionaries and heavy - handed police attempts to suppress them .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
Classic Waldorf Salad Recipe
This is a great apple Waldorf salad recipe .
Perfect for dessert , potlucks or even a light lunch .
3 or 4 apples , unpeeled , cut from the core , and chopped into bite size pieces ( about 3 cups )
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/3 cup raisins
2/3 cup chopped celery
1/3 cup walnuts ( optional )
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1 tablespoon sugar
Do n’t bother peeling the apples unless their skins are really unattractive .
Cut up 3 or 4 of them , until you get about 2 - 1 / 2 or 3 cups of chopped apples .
Sprinkle the lemon juice over the apples .
The acid in the lemon juice prevents the apples from turning brown .
The raisins will taste best if you plump them first .
Do this by measuring them into a cereal bowl and adding enough warm tap water to cover them completely .
Allow them to sit for a few minutes , absorbing the water , and softening up .
Drain them very well when you need them .
I actually squeeze them to make sure they are very dry .
Chop up the celery , it should take about 2 stalks or so .
I add black walnuts because I get them for free , but you can use regular walnuts or omit them completely if you do n’t have any handy .
Mix everything together in a medium sized bowl with the mayonnaise and sugar , coating all of the ingredients with the mayonnaise .
It is now ready to serve , or you can chill it overnight and serve it tomorrow instead .
This is so crunchy and chewy , it is perfect contrast for a meal which is soft , or easy to chew .
This recipe serves 6 .
The Hillbilly Housewife Recommends – Dining On A Dime
The Dining On A Dime Cookbook is packed with over 1,200 money saving recipes and tips , kids tips and snack ideas , gift baskets , menus , food storage directions , Cleaning Cents and Pretty for Pennies .
The recipes are easy to cook with ingredients that you probably already have in your pantry .
To make shopping easy and economical , it also includes a pantry list and a shopping list .
Order your copy today at http://www.hillbillyhousewife.com/dime
To support the blog , check out the HBHW eBooks available on Amazon .
Thank you !
The life expectancy for patients with human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) has increased by more than 13 years since the late 1990s thanks to advancements in antiretroviral therapy , according to researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) and Simon Fraser University in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Improved survival has led to a nearly 40 percent drop in AIDS deaths among 43,355 HIV - positive study participants in Europe and North America , bolstering the call for improved anti-HIV efforts worldwide , the study authors said .
The study is published in the British medical journal The Lancet .
It was compiled by The Antiretroviral Therapy Cohort Collaboration , which includes UAB , Simon Fraser University and more than a dozen other research sites around the world .
COCKTAIL OF DRUGS
The authors looked at changes in life expectancy and mortality among the 43,355 HIV patients taking a cocktail of drugs called combination antiretroviral therapy ( cART ) .
Data was compiled from a total of 14 studies in Europe and North America .
“ Since their introduction in 1996 cART regimens have become more effective , better tolerated and easier to follow , ” said Michael Mugavero , M.D. , an assistant professor in UAB ’s Division of Infectious Diseases and a co-author on the study .
“ We are now seeing the benefits of years of research , hard work and efforts to make these medications widely available .
This has led to dramatic improvements in life expectancy , but patients who start cART with more advanced HIV infection do not have the same level of benefit , ” Mugavero said .
The new Lancet study found cART yielded a 13.8 - year life - expectancy increase – from 36.1 years in study participants who began therapy during the 1996 - 1999 period to 49.9 years in participants who began therapy during the 2003 - 2005 period .
Despite the good results , the study found life expectancy for HIV patients is far lower on average than the general population , which includes all those with other chronic illnesses .
For example , an HIV - positive patient starting cART at age 20 will live to 63 , about 20 years shorter than the average life span of non-infected adults .
With nearly half of all patients diagnosed with advanced HIV infection , the life expectancy benefits of cART are not fully realized , said Mugavero and lead study author Robert Hogg , Ph.D. , of Simon Fraser University .
Improved AIDS testing and increased access to care is needed .
Funding from the study came from the UK Research Council and from GlaxoSmithKline .
Media Contact
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama has opened a 7 - point lead over Republican rival John McCain with five days left in the race for the White House , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Thursday .
Obama leads McCain by 50 percent to 43 percent among likely voters in the three - day national tracking poll , building on his 5 - point advantage on Wednesday .
The telephone poll has a margin of error of 2.9 percentage points .
It was the second consecutive day Obama ’s lead has grown as the two - year presidential battle draws to a close .
McCain is struggling to overtake Obama ’s lead in every national opinion poll and in many battleground states .
“ This is not good news for McCain .
The race was tightening for a few days but now it is going back the other way , ” pollster John Zogby said .
Support for Obama , a first - term senator from Illinois , hit or exceeded the 50 percent mark for the seventh time in the last 10 days .
McCain ’s support has not reached 46 percent in more than three weeks of polling .
Obama held steady or expanded his edge among several crucial blocs of swing voters , leading by 19 points among independents , 10 points among women , 9 points among Catholics and 7 points among voters above the age 65 .
Obama also moved ahead of McCain , an Arizona senator , by 5 points among men .
McCain still leads by 8 points among white voters but only earns the support of about 30 percent of Hispanics , a fast - growing group that gave President George W. Bush more than 40 percent of their vote in 2004 .
The poll also found Obama was doing a better job of reaching across ideological lines , earning the support of nearly 20 percent of self - described conservatives .
McCain wins about 10 percent of liberals .
Both candidates campaigned in Florida on Wednesday as Obama simultaneously ran a 30 - minute advertisement on three national television networks .
He also appeared at a late - night rally in Orlando with former President Bill Clinton -- their first joint campaign event .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
Independent Ralph Nader received 2 percent in the national survey , and Libertarian Bob Barr was at 1 percent .
About 2 percent of voters remain undecided .
The rolling tracking poll , taken Monday through Wednesday , surveyed 1,202 likely voters in the presidential election .
In a tracking poll , the most recent day ’s results are added , while the oldest day ’s results are dropped to monitor changing momentum .
The U.S. president is determined by who wins the Electoral College , which has 538 members apportioned by population in each state and the District of Columbia .
Electoral votes are allotted on a winner - take - all basis in all but two states , which divide them by congressional district .
( Editing by Doina Chiacu )
Here they are , the MacBook and MacBook Pro graphics benchmarks you 've been waiting for .
Our basic Mac - only benchmarks used in our dual review were great at showing how close the CPU performance was , but not great at illustrating the disparity between chunky - hunky 9600 GT and the comparatively weak integrated 9400 M that we saw firsthand while playing Spore .
With a little time , we 've been able to : • Install Windows XP and run 3D Mark • Play a little Crysis — yeah , Crysis • Get ahold of Adobe CS4 and run some rendering jobs
The conclusion ?
If you 're a serious gamer or work with graphics of any kind and you need an Apple laptop , you 're gonna want the MacBook Pro .
Here are the raw numbers to prove it .
Crysis
Advertisement
Advertisement
Pretty gigantic gap in Crysis performance here .
It 's a bit more than the 50ish % difference tossed around a few weeks ago when describing the 9600 vs. the 9400 , but that 's also due to the faster CPU , more RAM and increased L2 cache found in the MacBook Pro.
Still , though , you can gauge from the two charts that Crysis is kinda playable on the MacBook on low , and playable on the MacBook Pro on medium .
Both are chunktastic on high , and both get slower when you start shooting people in the forest .
3DMark 06
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Big ass difference once again between the MB and MBP .
The kicker is that the CPUs are almost identical , a fact illustrated in the benchmarks contained in our original review .
It 's really the card that 's going to make the difference in gaming on your MacBook .
After Effects CS4 and Photoshop CS4
Advertisement
Rendering a project in After Effects uses a little bit of GPU action , but not very much .
The difference between 9400 and 9600 on the same MacBook Pro is only two seconds of render time on a nearly seven minute project .
Negligible at best .
Advertisement
There 's essentially no difference between the two cards on the MBP on the Photoshop test , but a slight slowness when you swap over to the MacBook .
Verdict
The takeaway from these charts is that yes , there really is a difference between the MacBook and MacBook Pro in terms of graphical capability .
The two benchmarks we used before , GeekBench and XBench , do a poor job of utilizing the graphics card .
Whether that 's because the benchmarks are two years old or because they 're just poor benchmarks is irrelevant — you can totally see the difference in gameplay and in more established metering programs such as 3D Mark .
If you want to be playing one of the handful of games released for Mac every year ( or dual boot to Windows ) , you should really pick up a MacBook Pro. [ MacBook and MacBook Pro Review ]
Work with us .
Be an island medic .
Working as a doctor or dentist in Shetland , you and your family can live life to the full in one of the most spectacular natural environments in Europe .
And be part of a welcoming , vibrant community .
FIND OUT MORE
Video ( 02:12 ) : When Laurie Coleman , wife of U.S. Sen .
Norm Coleman , hauled her trash to the alley at 7:30 this morning , a chilling sight greeted her .
Spray - painted in black on the wooden siding of the garage in the couple 's Summit Hill neighborhood was this angry graffiti , in letters nearly a foot high : " U R A CRIMINAL RESIGN OR ELSE !
PSALM 2 "
When Laurie Coleman , wife of U.S. Sen .
Norm Coleman , hauled her trash to the alley at 7:30 Wednesday morning , a chilling sight greeted her .
Sprayed in black on the wooden siding of the garage behind the couple 's St. Paul home , in letters nearly a foot high : " U R A CRIMINAL RESIGN OR ELSE !
PSALM 2 " On the alley side , " SCUM " was scrawled across both garage stall doors and a wooden partition in between .
The Colemans were n't alone .
Vandals struck the garages and homes of five other Minnesota members of Congress late Tuesday or early Wednesday , spray - painting graffiti that called for them to resign and included a biblical reference to " Psalm 2 . "
In Minneapolis , Sen .
Amy Klobuchar went to fetch the newspaper and found that the side of her home had been defaced , as did Kim Ellison , the wife of U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison , also in Minneapolis .
The garages of Rep. Michele Bachmann , of Stillwater ; Rep. Jim Ramstad , of Minnetonka , and Rep. John Kline , of Lakeville , also bore similar graffiti .
Klobuchar and Ellison are Democrats ; Coleman , Bachmann , Ramstad and Kline are Republicans .
DFL Rep. Betty McCollum , who lives in a St. Paul condominium , did not have her property vandalized -- nor were the homes of representatives in outstate Minnesota .
Peter Panos , spokesman for the St. Paul Police , said the threatening nature of some of the graffiti elevates concerns .
" We 're looking at this as an actual threat , " he said .
" We 're taking it quite seriously .
Vandalism threats are pretty rare in this city . "
Police in the different jurisdictions are investigating the incidents and may coordinate their efforts today , Panos said U.S. Capitol Police spokeswoman Sgt. Kimberly Schneider said that the Capitol Police in Washington are assisting in the investigation .
Capitol Police deal regularly with threats to members of Congress or their offices , and could potentially have data from any previous incidents .
Early morning discoveries
Sometime between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. , someone came alongside the north Minneapolis corner home of Keith and Kim Ellison and left the words " TRAITOR .
RESIGN NOW .
PSALM 2 , " for a shaken Kim Ellison to find .
Larry Weiss , Keith Ellison 's campaign manager , noted that the word " SCUM " was spray - painted high enough above the garage door that the culprit probably would have needed a step stool .
Ramstad , who has represented the Third Congressional District in the western suburbs since 1991 , found that his Minnetonka property had been violated in the night .
The garage door was emblazoned with the message , " U R A sellout !!!
Psalm 2 , " and the word " SCUM " was sprayed above the door , according to Ramstad spokesman Lance Olson .
Ramstad , who is not running for reelection , found the incident disturbing , Olson said .
A spokesman for Kline , Troy Young , said similar language was spray - painted on the congressman 's garage door , although he declined to say what the words were or when the incident occurred , and would not say whether Kline was home at the time .
In Stillwater , Bachmann 's home , garage and driveway were defaced with the words " Resign Now , Scum , Psalm 2 " said spokeswoman Michelle Marston .
Curiously , the graffiti also said " Vote No on the bailout . "
Bachmann was one of 171 members of Congress to vote against the $ 700 billion financial bailout package this month .
Kathryn Pearson , a political science professor at the University of Minnesota , said while the 2008 election cycle has been marked by exceptionally heated rhetoric , the graffiti incidents are in a category apart .
" This is very unusual and quite disturbing , " Pearson said .
" It 's hard to know what to make of this , but this is just not the next step in anger about the state of the nation or the economy .
I can't think of a time when so many members of a [ congressional ] delegation were targeted in this particular way . "
The invocation of Psalm 2 also does little to shed light on possible motives .
Sometimes called the coronation psalm , it refers to rulers who have displeased God and risk his wrath , said William Barnes , a professor of Hebrew and the Old Testament at North Central University in Minneapolis .
" I took it to a meeting [ of biblical scholars ] today and we just do n't know what to make of it , " he said .
" It 's not something we 've commonly seen used in a political context . "
An Israeli reader writes :
Your post on " The Danger of Obama " immediately brought to mind what happened here in Israel in the period leading up to Yitzhak Rabin 's assassination .
Even allowing for the differences in political culture between the two countries , some of the sounds we 're hearing in the public debate around the election have a haunting echo .
Here no one would have thought it possible that an Israeli Jew would take the life of a high official .
There 's little doubt that the crescendo of demonization toward Rabin  including accusations of treason , flyers picturing Rabin as an SS officer  and the difficulty , in a society guaranteeing free speech , of ' civilizing ' the public debate before it creates a fertile bed for actual violence , all helped create the context in which Rabin 's murderer decided to take matters into his own hands .
I 'd like to see which Republicans will denounce this turn towards demonization .
And if there are no takers  maybe Joe Lieberman ?
Barack Obama speaks Friday at the Roanoke Civic Center in Roanoke , Va. Obama leads among white independents
Barack Obama has taken a slight lead with white independent voters for the first time in the presidential race , positioning him to capture a key demographic group that has eluded recent Democratic nominees , according to a Politico analysis of independent voting patterns .
According to Gallup ’s weekly average of some 6,400 registered voters , Obama now holds a 45 percent - 43 percent edge over Republican John McCain with white independents .
About eight in 10 independents are white .
Advertisement
Should Obama ’s support hold , he is positioned to become the first Democrat to win white independents in a two - man race since the advent of exit polling .
As recently as last week , McCain led within this group by eight percentage points .
His lead was as high as 16 points in mid-September , in the week before the stock market 's first meltdown .
Obama ’s gains with white independents , who represent more than one in five voters overall , are a particular problem for the GOP .
Unlike four years ago , Democrats significantly outnumber Republicans heading into Election Day , and John McCain will need to win these voters to overcome the gap .
At the outset of the general election , Republicans were optimistic that McCain ’s “ maverick ” image would make him an especially attractive candidate to independents .
But it now appears that the recent economic crisis has undercut McCain ’s appeal to this centrist bloc .
According to a recent Associated Press - GfK Poll , independents and Democrats tend to view recent market events with similar levels of alarm — 82 percent of independents and 89 percent of Democrats are concerned that the economic crisis will cause a “ long - term toll on them , ” compared with only 65 percent of Republicans .
Independents also join Democrats in viewing the next president ’s capacity to handle the economy as more important than his capacity to handle national security , and both groups trust Obama more on the economy itself .
White independent women believe Obama can better improve U.S. economic conditions , 44 percent to 29 percent , while white independent men also have slightly more trust in Obama to handle the economy , 44 percent to 39 percent , according to recent polling by the Pew Research Center .
Obama holds even larger margins on the economic issue among white men and women classified by Pew as persuadable “ swing voters , ” the bulk of which are independents .
White voters overall believe that Obama would do the “ best job of improving economic conditions , ” 46 percent to 38 percent , according to Pew .
Obama 's advantage on the economy stretches into voter concerns over gas prices .
Fifty - five percent of white independent men and a plurality of white independent women , 40 percent , believe Obama would do the " best job " of " dealing with the nation 's energy problems . "
Still , white independents , like all white voters , remain suspect of the $ 700 billion bailout package supported by both Obama and McCain .
Pew finds that overwhelming majorities of all whites , independents included , are concerned that the government is “ too involved in financial markets , ” that those responsible for the financial crisis are being “ let off the hook ” and that the bailout “ wo n’t fix what caused problems . ”
For McCain , there is some promise among this white independent cohort .
Only about a third of independent white men and women believe McCain would “ continue Bush ’s policies , ” while half of all independents — 57 percent of those who are white men and 47 percent , a plurality , of those who are white women — believe McCain would “ take the country in a different direction . ”
Independent white men also believe , 62 percent to 23 percent , that McCain is more capable of making “ wise decisions about what to do in Iraq . ”
White female independents say the same , 52 percent to 29 percent .
More than six in 10 white independents believe McCain would do the “ best job of making wise decisions about foreign policy . ”
These voters believe McCain could better defend against a terrorist attack by more than a 2 - 1 ratio .
Taken as a whole , this data suggests that a national security or terrorism - related event could suddenly move these voters toward the Republican nominee .
Among independent whites , men are more prone to view Obama as not “ well qualified ” to be president , 57 percent to 37 percent .
A slim majority of independent white women agree , though the margin is considerably narrower — 51 percent to 43 percent .
Now , working to hold on to his job in what is shaping up as a bad year for Republicans , Mr. McConnell is counting on voters to express their gratitude for the federal largess as he tries to fend off a spirited challenge from Bruce Lunsford , a Democratic businessman with rural roots and a fortune made in health care .
“ The biggest issue in this race is whether or not our small state is going to continue to have a person of significant clout in Washington or whether we are to trade that person in for a rookie , ” said Mr. McConnell , slightly dressed down for the festival in a barn jacket with a leather collar and “ Mitch ” stitched on its front .
He was accompanied by his wife , Elaine L. Chao , the labor secretary and only remaining member of the original Bush cabinet .
Mr. McConnell ’s focus on federal aid illustrates how he and other lawmakers view such legislative earmarks as valuable political currency back home despite their increasingly bad name in Washington .
It also shows that in the current hostile environment , Mr. McConnell has decided to focus less on overarching policy issues than on old - fashioned pork .
His opponent , who is pushing a “ Ditch Mitch ” theme , says it is with good reason .
Mr. McConnell may sprinkle money around the state , but the Lunsford campaign calculated it at about $ 30 per capita last year , an amount the Democrat labels “ chump change . ”
Mr. Lunsford says the Republican leader has teamed with President Bush to create an economic catastrophe and block health and tax policies more valuable to Kentuckians over the long haul than a few local projects .
“ Those two together have brought an economic crisis in this country that we have n’t seen since the Great Depression , ” Mr. Lunsford told a crowd at the Broughtontown Community Center outside Crab Orchard in Lincoln County .
“ They had their chance . ”
Election officials are braced for the biggest election turnout in US history tomorrow as voters finally deliver their verdict on Barack Obama and John McCain to bring to an end a gripping , two - year long campaign .
The excitement generated by Obama 's candidacy is expected to see between 130 m to 140 m Americans vote , easily eclipsing the 121m in 2004 .
Although election officials expressed confidence that polling booths across the country will cope , campaigners and political analysts expressed fears that the strain could see long queues and polling stations having to extend their opening hours into the night .
The knock - on effect would be results in key states delayed .
With all the major polls putting Obama well ahead , political analysts from both right and left said they expected him to easily reach the 270 of 538 electoral votes needed to win the presidency and many predicted a landslide , taking 350 or more electoral seats .
The Washington - based Pew organisation , one of the most thorough and respected pollsters who accurately predicted the vote in 2004 , today put Obama on 52 % and McCain on 46 % .
RealClearPolitics , a website that averages out the main polls , put Obama on 51 % to McCain 's 44 % .
If the polls are borne out tomorrow , Obama would become the first Democrat since Jimmy Carter in 1976 to win 50 % or more of the popular vote .
Obama and McCain both began multi-state tours today in Florida , before heading towards their homes states today for what will be a victory party for one and a wake for the other .
Obama told a rally in Jacksonville , Florida : " After decades of broken politics in Washington , eight years of failed policies from George Bush and 21 months of a campaign that has taken us from the rocky coast of Maine to the sunshine of California , we are one day away from change in America . "
Disciplined enough to largely hide the relief that began permeating his campaign weeks ago , Obama was unable to avoid providing occasional glimpses throughout the day that he expected to become the 44th president .
In an courteous gesture he might not have made if the race was closer , Obama said he wanted to " congratulate McCain on the great race that he has fought " .
Exuding confidence , he told a rally last night : " The last couple of days , I 've been just feeling good . "
As polling day closes in , he has inevitably become more reflective , telling CBS in an interview this morning that he had found the toughest part of the two - year campaign right - wing attacks on his wife , Michelle .
He described this as " just completely out of bounds " .
McCain , at a rally in Tampa , Florida , boldly predicted he could still pull out a surprise win .
" The pundits may not know it and the Democrats may not know it , but the Mac is back .
We 're going to win this election , " he said .
The Democrats , as well as political analysts , were less sanguine than election officials today about trouble - free voting , saying that with 300,000 precincts across the country , there would inevitably be problems .
Democratic officials complain that in some states Republican election officials are not opening enough polling booths in areas that are predominantly African - American in the hope that some voters , put off by the prospect of long queues , will go home without voting .
Professor Michael McDonald , a specialist in elections at Virginia 's George Mason University , said : " I would not be surprised if we had long lines , potentially keeping polling places open longer on election day . "
He anticipated problems in states that had not allowed early voting in significant numbers , such as Virginia , Pennsylvania and Missouri .
The Democrats are outspending the Republicans on advertising by at least two - to - one , and in some states four - to - one .
They also estimated to have more staff and volunteers out , with 770 offices nationwide compared with McCain 's 370 .
Astronomers have discovered a distant galaxy making stars at an amazing rate .
It is creating stars at a rate more than a thousand times that of the Milky Way , but the remarkable thing about it is its extreme distance .
This galaxy may call into question the current theory of how galaxies form .
The galaxy , nicknamed the baby boom galaxy , is making stars at a rate of about 4000 per year , compared to the Milky Way , which makes only 10 stars per year .
This galaxy is also located very far from us , 12.3 billion light years .
We have observed other starburst galaxies before , but none this far away , or similarly this old .
This galaxy is a very young galaxy , since it is so far , we are looking at it as it was almost 12 billions years ago .
That gives this galaxy the record for furthest ( or youngest ) starburst galaxy ever observed .
The furthest before this one was 11.7 billion light years from us .
Now this galaxy calls into question the current most popular model for how galaxies are believed to form , called the hierarchal model .
This model states that galaxies form slowly by consuming other smaller galaxies and star clusters , thus the stars in the galaxies should all have different birthdays .
However , with this new galaxy all the stars will have very similar birthdays , meaning formation of around the same time .
So the question now is whether this case is the norm or the exception .
With this kind of star formation we may be witnessing the birth of one of the most massive elliptical galaxies in the universe .
The discovery of this was only possible through combined use of several different telescopes .
Measurements in the radio wavelengths were made with the National Science Foundation ’s Very Large Array in New Mexico .
Infrared data was used from both the Spitzer space telescope and the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope on Mauna Kea Hawaii .
Visible light images were used from both the Hubble Space Telescope and Japan ’s Subaru Telescope also atop Mauna Kea .
The identification of this galaxy and its properties would not have been possible without observations in the full range of the light spectrum .
So its discovery is a fine example of the combination of different available technologies , from different sponsoring organizations .
Now that we know how to find them , i.e. using data from across the electromagnetic spectrum , hopefully we can find out if galaxy baby booms were common in the distant universe , and if not , what is special about this case .
Tags : astronomers , galaxies , galaxy , Hubble space telescope , milky way
PRINCETON , NJ -- Democratic candidate Barack Obama has gained ground in the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking average from Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday , and now leads Republican John McCain among registered voters by a 48 % to 42 % margin .
The latest three - day Gallup Poll Daily tracking average ( Aug. 25 - 27 ) is directly coincident with the first three days of the Democratic National Convention in Denver , and is no doubt beginning to reflect the typical convention " bounce " that Gallup has observed in most party conventions in recent decades .
There is a lag of sorts involved in the daily tracking ; interviewing is conducted in most parts of the country before that evening 's high - focus speeches have taken place .
Thus , the current three - day average would reflect any impact of Monday night 's speech by Michelle Obama , and Tuesday night 's speech by Hillary Clinton , but would not completely reflect Wednesday night 's lineup of speakers , such as John Kerry , former President Bill Clinton , and vice presidential nominee Joe Biden , nor the appearance on stage at the end of the evening by Barack Obama himself .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Gallup 's interviewing for last Friday through Sunday , the last three days before the convention officially began , showed the race at a 45 % to 45 % tie .
Thus , there is already a six percentage point bounce evident in the data , although the final " official " post - convention bounce used in comparison with other recent conventions will not be tabulated by Gallup until interviewing for Friday through Sunday is completed ( reported next Monday on gallup.com ) .
Of keen interest this year will be the dynamics of the race in the forthcoming days , as John McCain , by all accounts , will attempt to pounce on the Democrats ' bounce by announcing his vice presidential running mate either Thursday night or Friday and with attention turning quickly to the Republican convention that is set to begin on Monday in St. Paul .
Also in the mix this year will be an act of nature ; if Tropical Storm Gustav becomes a hurricane and makes landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast sometime on Tuesday , news coverage of the GOP convention will be diluted , and the impact of that situation ( coming some three years after Hurricane Katrina ) is impossible to predict .
-- Frank Newport
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Aug. 25 - 27 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,723 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Podesta : Obama has ' real mandate for change ' David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday November 9 , 2008
Print This Email This President - elect Obama will review all the executive orders issued by President Bush to determine which ones should be repealed , said his transition chief John Podesta .
When asked by Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday what some of Obama 's first decisions might be to prove his dedication to changing Washington , Podesta said Obama would probably overturn the ban on stem cell research as well as orders concerning healthcare and energy transformation .
" There 's a lot the president can do using his executive authority without waiting for congressional action and I think we 'll see the president do that , " Podesta said .
He also said Obama has won a " real mandate for change " with Tuesday 's election .
The high voter turnout and landslide electoral college victory spell a clear path of American support for Obama 's message of political reform , Podesta said .
He told Wallace the transition team is " moving aggressively to try to build out that core economic team , the national security team . "
" I think his charge to us is that he wants a broad diverse cabinet , one that 's built on first criteria excellence , " Podesta said .
In the battle of political philosophies during this election , the progressive philosophy won , he said .
" It sort of got extinguished in the Republican Party over the course of the last couple decades , " Podesta said .
" But I think that progressive vision of providing opportunity for people that work hard , providing for the common good ... was what he [ Obama ] laid before the American people . "
This video is from Fox 's Fox News Sunday , broadcast November 9 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Contributions will be going towards buying a NEW computer so I can pump out these very important videos at a much faster rate .
Any contributions will be greatly appreciated .
Thank you
Today it ’s appropriate for me to summarize my reasons for not voting .
To put it in a nutshell , democracy is a repugnant and ridiculous system , and so I have no ethical duty to vote .
And then , my vote by itself will almost certainly have no effect on the election , and hence I have no pragmatic interest in voting .
So why would I do something morally dubious if it wo n’t even make a difference ?
Even though I ’m sure you ’ve heard this before , let ’s review just why your individual vote does NOT count .
In order for your vote to make a difference ( in the presidential race ) , your state would have to be decided by a margin of exactly one .
In other words , suppose you do n’t vote .
So long as the candidate who wins your state does so by a margin of two or more people , then your decision to abstain meant absolutely nothing .
But it gets worse .
Suppose against all odds that it works out that the popular vote in your state is a dead tie , considering everybody else who votes , and then you cast the tie - breaking vote in favor of your candidate .
( We already know this would never ever happen . )
Even so , your vote still only affects the identity of the next president , if the margin in the Electoral College is close enough such that your state decides the outcome .
OK , now I should dispose of some of the obligatory objections .
* “ That does n’t make sense .
If you ’re saying it ’s rational to not vote , then nobody should vote .
But then you get to write yourself in as president .
So then everybody should vote .
Duh , you economists are stupid . ”
—>
No , there is nothing wrong with cost / benefit analysis , so long as you are framing the costs and benefits correctly .
The reason I am virtually certain my vote wo n’t affect the outcome , is that I am virtually certain that millions of Americans will stupidly vote .
When Free Advice gains 10 million daily readers , perhaps I will revise my forecasts of voter turnout .
( Technically , if you do a formal model the symmetric Nash equilibrium is a “ mixed strategy ” where everybody is indifferent between voting or not , and so everyone is willing to pick a strategy of voting with probability x , where x is really small .
So x times the whole population means you expect a certain amount of people to show up and vote , and that expectation is just enough to render you indifferent .
But in the real world , we ’re not in a Nash equilibrium–at least , not if everyone just gets utility from influencing the outcome of the election–and so I get strictly more utility by not voting .
Also , I should add that I do n’t really view the world as if I ’m “ in ” a game theoretic model , I ’m just showing how there ’s nothing contradictory about the analytical framework . )
* “ What if everyone thought like you ? ”
—>
If everyone thought like me that would be great .
Nobody would vote , and so 535 people in Washington DC saying , “ Send us half your income so we can bomb people and bail out bankers ” would be a funny joke .
If you want to do a Kantian deal , and pick the action you wish everyone else would , then why in the world are you voting for a guy you yourself admit is the “ lesser of two evils ” ?
That makes no sense at all .
It ’s one thing to do a morally odious action because it provides tangible utilitarian benefits ; e.g. making the bus swerve so it hits 3 people instead of 30 .
But why participate in voting in a guy you think will do evil , when your participation does n’t do anything to limit the evil ?
If you think Obama / McCain is the worse candidate , your vote for McCain / Obama does n’t do anything to contain him .
Obama / McCain would win / lose with or without your vote , with about 99.9999 % certainty .
* “ If you do n’t vote , then you have no right to complain about our government . ”
—>
This is just about the most asinine thing I ’ve ever heard , and there is stiff competition in this category .
We all agree that our government is run by thieves and liars , right ?
OK , so how do they get in there ?
Because voters put them there .
So you ’re telling me that I ’m responsible for the horrible people in DC , rather than the people who actually voted for them ?
* “ It ’s because of the apathy of people like you that our system is n’t working properly . ”
—>
This is related to the above objection .
I really would like people who believe this , to just think through the implications of this type of statement .
It means that the people who actually vote are ( in general ) morons and / or evil , whereas the people who do n’t vote are ( in general ) wise and virtuous .
You have to believe that , if you claim that increasing voter turnout will improve the politicians we end up getting .
I thank you for the kind words , but I think you are mistaken .
If ( as in some countries ) the government forced people to vote , I do n’t think our politicians would suddenly become honest statesmen ( and women ) .
The reason democracy yields awful results is that it ’s a repugnant , ridiculous system , not because we ’re too lazy to “ make it work . ”
WHY DEMOCRACY IS A REPUGNANT , RIDICULOUS SYSTEM
==================================================
I ’ll close by defending those strong words .
Imagine if you had to get your brakes fixed , but you were n’t allowed to pick the company to do the work .
Instead , there was an election for city mechanic , and everyone in your city had the option to cast a vote deciding which person got to fix your brakes .
Also , that person could then decide how much to charge you , and , you did n’t even have the option of switching to riding the bus–you had to get in your car everyday after the work was done .
Would you like that system ?
If you are a parent , I ’ve got an even better one .
Suppose you did n’t get to choose who babysits your kid(s ) , but instead the position is decided by majority rule .
If you are just skimming this it probably is n’t sinking in .
Seriously , imagine that you could n’t control who watches your kid(s ) , but that perfect strangers had just as much individual say as you did .
And not only that , but that the pool of eligible candidates would be restricted , to those potential babysitters who did n’t mind enduring a year - long investigation into their lives , with the backers of other potential babysitters starting nasty rumors and so on .
Do you think the outcome would be good ?
Or would you rather the freedom to pick your own babysitter , using your own criteria ?
Well , I hope you can see now what I mean when I say democracy is a repugnant and ridiculous system .
It ’s true , you could argue that there are some things like national defense or the legal system , where it is practically impossible to have the freedom that we all agree is ideal in cases like fixing your brakes or hiring a babysitter .
If that ’s your view , I encourage you to check out this pamphlet [ pdf ] .
In conclusion , I do n’t vote because I see no reason to participate in the collective anointing of someone who will violate property rights and end up killing innocent people , when my vote does n’t even have the slightest chance of influencing the outcome .
Oct. 10 , 2008  --
Each water bottle you recycle may seem like a drop in the bucket , but do n't undervalue your efforts .
America is recycling nearly 33 percent of its waste -- almost twice as much as 15 years ago .
But sometimes it can be tough to tell what can go in the bin , what can't and what your recycling center does and does not accept .
To help you navigate the often murky recycling waters , check out Real Simple magazine 's A to Z guide to recycling .
These tips were first published in the September and October issues of Real Simple and written by Natalie Ermann Russell .
For more tips like these , a new lifestyle makeover series called " Real Simple , Real Life , " hosted by Kit Hoover , premieres on the television channel TLC on Oct. 17 , at 8 p.m. ET .
AEROSOL CANS .
These can usually be recycled with other cans , as long as you pull off the plastic cap and empty the canister completely .
ANTIPERSPIRANT AND DEODORANT STICKS .
Many brands have a dial on the bottom that is made of a plastic polymer different from that used for the container , so your center might not be able to recycle the whole thing ( look on the bottom to find out ) .
However , Tom's of Maine makes a deodorant stick composed solely of plastic No. 5 .
BACKPACKS .
The American Birding Association accepts donated backpacks , which its scientists use while tracking neotropical birds .
BATTERIES .
Recycling batteries keeps hazardous metals out of landfills .
Many stores , like RadioShack and Office Depot , accept reusable ones , as does the Rechargeable Battery Recycling Corp .
Car batteries contain lead and can't go in landfills because toxic metals can leach into groundwater , but almost any retailer selling them will also collect and recycle them .
BEACH BALLS .
They may be made of plastic , but there are n't enough beach balls being thrown away to make them a profitable item to recycle .
If a beach ball is still usable , donate it to a thrift store or a children 's hospital .
BOOKS .
" Hard covers are too rigid to recycle , so we ask people to remove them and recycle just the pages , " said Sarah Kite , recycling manager of the Rhode Island Resource Recovery Corp. , in Johnston , R.I .
In many areas , paperbacks can be tossed in with other paper .
CARPETING ( NYLON FIBER ) .
The Carpet America Recovery Effort estimates that 5 billion pounds of carpeting went to landfills in 2003 .
Go to www.carpetrecovery.org and click on " What can I do with my old carpet ? " to find a carpet - reclamation facility near you , or check with your carpet 's manufacturer .
Some carpet makers , like Milliken , Shaw ( www.shawfloors.com), and Flor ( www.flor.com), have recycling programs .
CARS , JET SKIS , BOATS , TRAILERS , RVS AND MOTORCYCLES .
If these are unusable -- totaled , rusted -- they still have metal and other components that can be recycled .
Call junkyards in your area , or go to www.junkmycar.com, which will pick up and remove cars , trailers , motorcycles and other heavy equipment for free .
CELL PHONES .
According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , less than 20 percent of cell phones are recycled each year , and most people do n't know where to recycle them .
The Wireless Foundation refurbishes old phones to give to domestic - violence survivors .
For information on other cell - phone charities , log on to www.recyclewirelessphones.com.
In some states , like California and New York , retailers must accept and recycle old cell phones at no charge .
COMPACT FLUORESCENT LIGHT BULBS .
CFLs contain mercury and should n't be thrown in the trash .
Ikea and the Home Depot operate CFL recycling programs ; you can also check with your hardware store or recycling center to see if it offers recycling services .
COMPUTERS .
You can return used computers to their manufacturers for recycling .
Check www.mygreenelectronics.com for a list of vendors or donate them to a charitable organization , such as www.sharetechnology.org or www.cristina.org.
Nextsteprecycling.org repairs your broken computers and gives them to underfunded schools , needy families , and nonprofits .
CRAYONS .
Send them to the National Crayon Recycle Program , which melts down crayons and reforms them into new ones .
Leave the wrappers on : " When you have black , blue and purple crayons together without wrappers , it 's hard to tell them apart , " said the program 's founder , LuAnn Foty , aka the Crazy Crayon Lady .
CROCS .
The manufacturer recycles used Crocs into new shoes and donates them to underprivileged families .
Mail them to : Crocs Recycling West , 3375 Enterprise Ave. , Bloomington CA 92316 .
DVDS , CDS AND JEWEL CASES .
If you want to get rid of that Lionel Richie CD because " Dancing on the Ceiling " does n't do it for you anymore , you can swap it for a disc from another music lover at www.zunafish.com.
But if you just want to let it go and not worry about it ending up in a landfill , send it ( along with DVDs and jewel cases ) to www.greendisk.com for recycling .
EMPTY METAL CANS ( CLEANING PRODUCTS ) .
Cut off the metal ends of cans containing powdered cleansers , such as Ajax and Bon Ami , and put them in with other household metals .
( Use care when cutting them . )
Recycle the tubes as you would any other cardboard .
EMPTY METAL CANS ( FOOD PRODUCTS ) .
Many towns recycle food cans .
If yours does n't , you can find the nearest steel - can recycling spot at www.recycle-steel.org.
Rinse out cans , but do n't worry about removing the labels .
" Leaving them on does n't do any harm , " said Marti Matsch , the communications director of Eco - Cycle , one of the nation 's oldest and largest recyclers , in Boulder , Colo .
" When the metal is melted , " she said , " the paper burns up .
If you want to recycle the label with other paper , that 's great , but it 's not necessary . "
EYEGLASSES .
Plastic frames can't be recycled , but metal ones can .
Just drop them into the scrap - metal bin .
However , given the millions of people who need glasses but can't afford them , your frames , broken or not , will go to better use if you donate them to www.neweyesfortheneedy.com.
Sunglasses and plastic frames in good condition can also be donated .
Or drop off old pairs of glasses at LensCrafters , Target Optical or other participating stores and doctors ' offices , which will send them to www.givethegiftofsight.org.
FAKE PLASTIC CREDIT CARDS .
They 're not recyclable , so you can't just toss them along with their paper junk - mail solicitations .
Remove them first and throw them in the trash .
FILM CANISTERS .
Check with your local recycling center to find out if it takes gray film - container lids ( No. 4 ) and black bases ( No. 2 ) .
If not , many photo labs will accept them .
FIRE EXTINGUISHERS .
There are two types of extinguishers .
For a dry - chemical extinguisher , safely relieve the remaining pressure , remove the head from the container and place it with your bulk - metal items ( check with your local recycler first ) .
Alternatively , call fire - equipment companies ( listed in the phone book ) and request that they dispose of your extinguisher .
Carbon dioxide extinguishers are refillable after each use .
FOOD PROCESSORS .
Some communities accept small household appliances for recycling -- if not in curbside collection , then in drop - off locations .
( New York City will even pick up appliances left on the sidewalk . )
" If an appliance is more than 50 percent metal , it is recyclable , " said Kathy Dawkins , director of public information for New York City 's Department of Sanitation .
Most appliances are about 75 percent steel , according to the Steel Recycling Institute .
So unless you know something is mostly plastic , it will probably qualify .
Recycle Around Your Home
GADGETS .
There are many ways to recycle PDAs , MP3 players and other devices so that any money earned from the parts goes to worthy causes -- a win , win , win scenario ( for you , the environment and charity ) .
Recycleforbreastcancer.org , for example , will send you prepaid shipping labels , recycle your gadgets , then donate the proceeds to breast cancer charities .
GLUE .
Many schools have recycling programs for empty containers of Elmer 's glue and glue sticks .
Students and teachers rinse out the bottles , which are then sent to Wal - Mart for recycling .
Find out more at www.elmersgluecrew.com.
GLUE STRIPS AND INSERTS IN MAGAZINES .
Lotion samples and non-paper promotional items affixed to glue strips in magazines should be removed because they can jam up recycling equipment ( scented perfume strips , on the other hand , are fine ) .
" One of the biggest challenges we get is pages of promotional stickers and stamps , " said Matsch , " which can adhere to the machinery and tear yards of new paper fiber . "
HANGERS ( PLASTIC ) .
These are not widely accepted at recycling centers because there are n't enough of them coming through to make it worthwhile .
However , some cities , such as Los Angeles , are equipped to recycle them .
You might consider donating them to a thrift store .
HANGERS .
Some dry cleaners and Laundromats will reuse them .
Otherwise , they can be recycled with other household metals .
But be sure to remove any attached paper or cardboard first .
HEARING AIDS .
The Starkey Hearing Foundation recycles used hearing aids , any make or model , no matter how old .
Lions Clubs also accept hearing aids ( as well as eyeglasses ) for reuse .
Log on to www.donateglasses.net/hearingaids.html to find designated collection centers near you .
HOLIDAY CARDS .
After they 've lined your mantel for two months , you could throw them into the recycling bin , or you could give them a whole new life .
St. Jude 's Ranch for Children , a nonprofit home for abused and neglected youths , runs a holiday - card reuse program in which the kids cut off the front covers , glue them onto new cards and sell the result , earning them money and confidence .
IPODS .
Bring in an old iPod to an Apple store and get 10 percent off a new one .
Your out - of - date iPod will be broken down and properly disposed of .
The catch ?
The discount is valid only that day , so be prepared to buy your new iPod .
JAM JARS .
Wherever there is container - glass recycling ( meaning glass jars and bottles ) , jam jars are eligible .
It helps if you remove any remaining jam , but no need to get obsessive .
They do n't have to be squeaky clean .
Before putting them in the bin , remove their metal lids and recycle those with other metals .
JUICE BAGS .
Because most are a combination of a plastic polymer and aluminum , these are not recyclable .
But TerraCycle will donate 2 cents for each Honest Kids , Capri Sun and Kool - Aid Drink pouch , and 1 cent for any other brand you collect , and send in to the charity of your choice .
The organization provides free shipping , too .
What does TerraCycle do with all those pouches ?
Turns them into colorful purses , totes and pencil cases that are sold at Target and Walgreens stores throughout the country .
To get started , go to www.terracycle.net/brigades.
KEYS AND NAIL CLIPPERS .
For many recycling centers , any metal that is n't a can is considered scrap metal and can be recycled .
" There 's not a whole lot of scrap metal we would n't take , " said Kite .
" It 's a huge market now . "
LEATHER ACCESSORIES .
If your leather goods are more than gently worn , take them to be fixed .
If they 're beyond repair , they have to be thrown in the trash -- there 's no recycling option .
( A product labeled " recycled leather " is often made from scraps left over from the manufacturing process , which is technically considered recycling . )
Donate shoes in decent condition to www.soles4souls.org, a nonprofit that collects used footwear and distributes it to needy communities .
MAKEUP .
Makeup can expire and is none too pretty for the earth when you throw it in the trash ( chemicals abound in most makeup ) .
Some manufacturers are making progress on this front .
People who turn in six or more empty MAC containers , for example , will receive a free lipstick from the company in return ; SpaRitual nail polishes come in reusable , recyclable glass ; and Josie Maran Cosmetics sells biodegradable plastic compacts made with a corn - based resin -- just remove the mirror and put the case in your compost heap .
MATTRESSES AND BOX SPRINGS .
Mattresses are made of recyclable materials , such as wire , paper and cloth , but not all cities accept them for recycling .
Go to www.earth911.org to find out if yours does .
METAL FLATWARE .
If it 's time to retire your old forks , knives and spoons , you can usually recycle them with other scrap metal .
MILK CARTONS WITH PLASTIC SPOUTS AND CAPS .
Take off and throw away the cap ( do n't worry about the spout -- it will be filtered out during the recycling process ) .
As for the carton , check your local recycling rules to see whether you should toss it with plastics and metals or with paper .
MIRRORS .
These are n't recyclable through most municipal recyclers , because the chemicals on the glass can't be mixed with glass bottles and jars .
You can donate them to secondhand stores , of course .
Or if the mirror is broken , put it in a paper bag for the safety of your trash collectors .
NIKES AND OTHER SNEAKERS .
Nike 's Reuse - a- Shoe program accepts old sneakers ( any brand ) and recycles them into courts for various sports so kids around the world have a place to play .
You can drop them off at a Nike store , other participating retailers , athletic clubs and schools around the country ( check the Web site for locations ) , or mail them to Nike Recycling Center , c/o Reuse - A - Shoe , 26755 SW 95th Ave. , Wilsonville OR 97070 .
If your sneakers are still in reasonable shape , donate them to needy athletes in the United States and around the world through www.oneworldrunning.com.
Mail them to One World Running , P.O. Box 2223 , Boulder , CO 80306 , or call 303-473-1314 for more information .
NOTEBOOKS ( SPIRAL ) .
It may seem weird to toss a metal - bound notebook into the paper recycling , but worry not -- the machinery will pull out smaller nonpaper items .
One caveat :
If the cover is plastic , rip that off , says Marti Matsch , communications director for Eco - Cycle , in Boulder , Colo .
" It 's a larger contaminant . "
OFFICE ENVELOPES
Envelopes with plastic windows .
Recycle them with regular office paper .
The filters will sieve out the plastic , and they 'll even take out the glue strip on the envelope flaps .
Paper FedEx envelopes can be recycled , and there 's no need to pull off the plastic sleeve .
FedEx Paks made of Tyvek are also recyclable ( see below ) .
Goldenrod .
Those ubiquitous mustard - colored envelopes are not recyclable , because goldenrod paper ( as well as dark or fluorescent paper ) is saturated with hard - to - remove dyes .
" It 's what we call ' designing for the dump , ' not the environment , " says Matsch .
Jiffy Paks .
Many Jiffy envelopes -- even the paper - padded ones filled with that material resembling dryer lint -- are recyclable with other mixed papers , like cereal boxes .
The exception : Goldenrod - colored envelopes must be tossed .
Padded envelopes with bubble wrap .
These can't be recycled .
The best thing you can do is reuse them .
Tyvek .
DuPont , the maker of Tyvek , takes these envelopes back and recycles them into plastic lumber .
Turn one envelope inside out and stuff others inside it .
Mail them to Tyvek Recycle , Attention : Shirley B. Wright , 2400 Elliham Avenue # A , Richmond VA 23237 .
If you have large quantities ( 200 to 500 ) , call 866-338-9835 to order a free pouch .
PACKING MATERIALS .
Styrofoam peanuts cannot be recycled in most areas , but many packaging stores ( like UPS and Mail Boxes Etc. ) accept them .
To find a peanut reuser near you , go to www.loosefillpackaging.com.
Some towns recycle Styrofoam packing blocks ; if yours does n't , visit www.epspackaging.org/info.html to find a drop - off location , or mail them in according to the instructions on the site .
Packing pillows marked " Fill - Air " can be deflated ( poke a hole in them ) , then mailed to Ameri - Pak , Sealed Air Recycle Center , 477 South Woods Drive , Fountain Inn SC 29644 .
They will be recycled into things like trash bags and automotive parts .
PAINT .
Some cities have paint - recycling programs , in which your old paint is taken to a company that turns it into new paint .
Go to www.earth911.org to see if a program exists in your area .
PENDAFLEX FOLDERS .
Place these filing - cabinet workhorses in the paper bin .
But first cut off the metal rods and recycle them as scrap metal .
PHONE BOOKS .
Many cities offer collection services .
Also check www.yellowpages.com/recycle, or call AT&T 's phone book - recycling line at 800-953-4400 .
PIZZA BOXES .
If cheese and grease are stuck to the box , rip out the affected areas and recycle the rest as corrugated cardboard .
Food residue can ruin a whole batch of paper if it is left to sit in the recycling facility and begins to decompose .
PLASTIC BOTTLE CAPS .
Toss them .
" They 're made from a plastic that melts at a different rate than the bottles , and they degrade the quality of the plastic if they get mixed in , " says Sarah Kite , recycling manager of the Rhode Island Resource Recovery Corporation , in Johnston , R.I .
PLASTIC WRAP ( USED ) .
Most communities do n't accept this for recycling because the cost of decontaminating it is n't worth the effort .
POST -ITS .
The sticky stuff gets filtered out , so these office standbys can usually be recycled with paper .
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS .
The Starfish Project collects some unused medications ( TB medicines , antifungals , antivirals ) and gives them to clinics in Nigeria .
They 'll send you a prepaid FedEx label , too .
PRINTER-INK CARTRIDGES .
Seventy percent are thrown into landfills , where it will take 450 years for them to decompose .
" Cartridges are like gas tanks , " says Jim Cannan , cartridge - collection manager at RecyclePlace.com .
" They do n't break .
They just run out of ink .
Making new ones is like changing motors every time you run out of gas . "
Take them to Staples and get $ 3 off your next cartridge purchase , or mail HP - brand cartridges back to HP .
QUICHE PANS AND OTHER COOKWARE .
These can be put with scrap metal , and " a plastic handle is n't a problem , " says Tom Outerbridge , manager of municipal recycling at Sims Metal Management , in New York City .
RECREATIONAL EQUIPMENT .
Do n't send tennis rackets to your local recycling center .
" People may think we 're going to give them to Goodwill , " says Sadonna Cody , director of government affairs for the Northbay Corporation and Redwood Empire Disposal , in Santa Rosa , Calif. , " but they 'll just be trashed . "
Trade sports gear in at Play It Again Sports or donate it to www.sportsgift.org, which gives gently used equipment to needy kids around the world .
Mail to Sports Gift , 32545 B Golden Lantern # 478 , Dana Point CA 92629 .
As for skis , send them to Skichair.com , 4 Abbott Place , Millbury MA 01527 , where they 'll be turned into Adirondack - style beach chairs .
RUGS ( COTTON OR WOOL ) .
If your town 's recycling center accepts rugs , great .
If not , you 're out of luck , because you can't ship rugs directly to a fabric recycler ; they need to be sent in bulk .
Your best bet is to donate them to the thrift store of a charity , like the Salvation Army .
SHOPPING BAGS ( PAPER ) .
Even those with metal grommets and ribbon handles can usually be recycled with other paper .
SHOPPING BAGS ( PLASTIC ) .
" Americans recycled 812 million pounds of bags in 2006 , up 24 percent from 2005 , " says Keith Christman , senior director of packaging at the American Chemistry Council Plastics Division , which represents plastic manufacturers .
If your town does n't recycle plastic , you may be able to drop them off at your local grocery store .
Safeway , for example , accepts grocery and dry- cleaning bags and turns them into plastic lumber .
To find other stores , go to www.plasticbagrecycling.org.
What 's more , a range of retailers , like City Hardware , have begun to use biodegradable bags made of corn .
BioBags break down in compost heaps in 10 to 45 days .
SHOWER CURTAINS AND LINERS .
Most facilities do not recycle these because they 're made of PVC .
( If PVC gets in with other plastics , it can compromise the chemical makeup of the recycled material . )
SIX - PACK RINGS .
See if your local school participates in the Ring Leader Recycling Program ; kids collect six - pack rings to be recycled into other plastic items , including plastic lumber and plastic shipping pallets .
SMOKE DETECTORS .
Some towns accept those that have beeped their last beep .
If yours does n't , try the manufacturer .
First Alert takes back detectors ( you pay for shipping ) ; call 800-323-9005 for information .
SOAP DISPENSERS ( PUMP ) .
Most plastic ones are recyclable ; toss them in with the other plastics .
STEREOS AND VCRS .
Visit www.earth911.org for a list of recyclers , retail stores , and manufacturers near you that accept electronics .
Small companies are popping up to handle electronic waste ( or e-waste ) as well : Greencitizen.com in San Francisco will pull apart your electronics and recycle them at a cost ranging from nothing to 50 cents a pound .
And the 10 nationwide locations of Freegeek.org offer a similar service .
TAKEOUT -FOOD CONTAINERS .
Most are not recyclable .
Paper ones ( like Chinese - food containers ) are n't accepted because remnants can contaminate the paper bale at the mill .
Plastic versions ( like those at the salad bar ) are a no - go too .
TINFOIL .
It 's aluminum , not tin .
So rinse it off , wad it up , and toss it in with the beer and soda cans .
TIRES .
You can often leave old tires with the dealer when you buy new ones ( just check that they 'll be recycled ) .
Worn - out tires can be reused as highway paving , doormats , hoses , shoe soles , and more .
TISSUE BOXES WITH PLASTIC DISPENSERS .
The plastic portion will be filtered out during the recycling process , so you can usually recycle tissue boxes with cardboard .
TOOTHBRUSHES .
They 're not recyclable , but if you buy certain brands , you can save on waste .
Eco -Dent 's Terradent models and Radius Source 's toothbrushes have replaceable heads ; once the bristles have worn out , snap on a new one .
TOOTHPASTE TUBES .
Even with all that sticky paste inside , you can recycle aluminum tubes ( put them with the aluminum cans ) , but not plastic ones .
TVS .
Best Buy will remove and recycle a set when it delivers a new one .
Or bring old ones to Office Depot to be recycled .
Got a Sony TV ?
Take it to a drop - off center listed at www.sony.com/recycle.
UMBRELLAS .
If it 's a broken metal one , drop the metal skeleton in with scrap metal ( remove the fabric and the handle first ) .
Plastic ones are n't accepted .
USED CLOTHING .
Some towns recycle clothing into seat stuffing , upholstery , or insulation .
Also consider donating clothing to animal boarders and shelters , where it can be turned into pet bedding .
More Recyclable Items
VIDEOTAPES , CASSETTES , AND FLOPPY DISKS .
These are n't accepted .
" Videotapes are a nightmare , " says Outerbridge .
" They get tangled and caught on everything . "
Instead , send tapes to ACT , a facility in Columbia , Missouri , that employs disabled people to clean , erase , and resell videotapes .
You can also send videotapes , cassettes , and floppy disks to www.greendisk.com; recycling 20 pounds or less costs $ 6.95 , plus shipping .
WHEELCHAIRS .
Go to www.lifenets.org/wheelchair, which acts as a matchmaker , uniting wheelchairs with those who need them .
WINE CORKS .
To turn them into flooring and wall tiles , send them to Wine Cork Recycling , Yemm & Hart Ltd. , 610 South Chamber Drive , Fredericktown MO 63645 .
Or put them in a compost bin .
" They 're natural , " says Matsch , " so they 're biodegradable . "
Plastic corks can't be composted or recycled .
WIPES AND SPONGES .
These can't be recycled .
But sea sponges and natural sponges made from vegetable cellulose are biodegradable and can be tossed into a compost heap .
WRITING IMPLEMENTS .
You can't recycle pens , pencils and markers , but you can donate usable ones to schools that are short on these supplies .
At www.iloveschools.com, teachers from around the United States specify their wish lists .
And there 's always the option of buying refillable pencils and biodegradable pens made of corn ( like those at www.grassrootsstore.com) so that less waste winds up in the landfill .
CHRISTMAS LIGHTS .
Ship your old lights to HolidayLEDs.com , Attention : Recycling Program , 120 W. Michigan Avenue , Suite 1403 , Jackson MI 49201 .
The company will send you a coupon for 10 percent off its LED lights , which use 80 percent less energy and last 10 years or more .
And they 're safer , too .
LEDs do n't generate much heat , whereas incandescents give off heat , which can cause a dry Christmas tree to catch fire .
Ace Hardware stores accept lights as well ; search by ZIP code at www.acehardware.com.
YOGURT CUPS .
Many towns do n't recycle these because they 're made of a plastic that can't be processed with other plastics .
But Stonyfield Farm has launched a program that turns its cups into toothbrushes , razors , and other products .
Mail to Stonyfield Farm , 10 Burton Drive , Londonderry NH 03053 .
Or you can join TerraCycle 's Yogurt Brigade ( currently available only in the Northeast ) to recycle Stonyfield containers and raise money for your favorite charity .
For every cup collected , Stonyfield will donate 2 cents or 5 cents , depending on the cup size .
Go to www.terracycle.net.
ZIPPERED PLASTIC BAGS .
Venues that recycle plastic bags will also accept these items , as long as they are clean , dry , and the zip part has been snipped off ( it 's a different type of plastic ) .
But you expected no less , right ?
The Test Center 's reviewers loaded Firefox 3.1 beta on a Vista desktop outfitted with 2 GB RAM and Pentium dual - core at 1.80 GHz .
Take a look at these benchmark numbers from a side - by - side comparison of IE7 and Firefox 3.1 running on the same box :
-- 3D Java rendering test : IE : 2.85 seconds , Firefox : 0.857 seconds
-- SunSpider java benchmark tests : IE : 107159.4ms , Firefox : 3894.6ms
-- Acid 3 : IE : 12/100 , Firefox : 89/100
Using Scanit , an online security browser that tests for issues with Quick time , memory corruption and overflows , Firefox passed all seventeen tests .
Firefox 3.1 is the fastest version yet .
One of our favorite sites to use for testing is papervision 3d.org because it is so graphics heavy .
Firefox 3.1 took 25 seconds to fully load .
Compare this to our last Firefox 3 review on the same machine , Firefox 3 took 45 seconds to load the site 's 3D image .
The browser is unquestionably fast .
It also comes with some new features , many of them under - the - hood and dealing with advanced CSS capabilities , but there are some new interface features as well .
For instance , Cntrl - tab has been added as a shortcut to quickly switch between tabs .
Also , tabs can be dragged and dropped between Mozilla windows , a feature that works well and smoothly .
There is also the ability to now do restricted searches in the Awesome bar .
The character " ^ " can be used to restrict searching to history , " * " restricts to bookmarks , and " + " to tagged pages .
Mozilla has cited known issues with the beta , ( there are n't many , yet ) that include failure to install certain client certificates when downloaded from a CA ( Certificate Authority ) , an issue with OS X PPC Macs hanging when viewing an Ogg video , and the migration dialog box not appearing after installing on Windows , which was not an issue during out test .
Also , Mozilla cautions that extensions added in Firefox 3 should not be expected to work properly in this beta .
The performance in this version is superb .
It will be interesting to keep an eye out to see if any security exploits are discovered .
Kerkorian sheds
Ford shares , could dump stake
( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2008-10-22 11:30
If Kirk Kerkorian's $ 1 billion shares of Ford in April gave investors some confidence in the reeling auto markets in the United States , the billionaire 's latest decision of a sell off may have shattered investors ' last ray of hope .
This combo shows Billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian stands in front of a Ford car .
Kerkorian sold part of his $ 1 billion shares , or 6.49 percent , of the Ford Motor Company on Tuesday after a " huge loss " , according to The New York Times .
The remaining 133.5 million shares , which accounts for a 6.09 percent stake in the world 's No. 2 automaker , will be probably dumped in the future , the paper reported .
Kerkorian 's holding group Tracinda said it had sold 7.3 million shares in Ford for an average price of $ 2.43 per share – a big loss compared to $ 8.50 dollars per share in June .
" We intend to further reduce our holdings of Ford common stock , including the possible sale of all of its remaining 133,500,000 shares , depending on market conditions and available sales prices , " The New York Times cited a Tracinda Corp spokesman .
In a statement , Tracinda explained that " current economic and market conditions " and other investment shifts toward " gambling and energy " led to its move on Ford .
Kerkorian 's divestment underscored the waning state of Ford and its two Detroit rivals , General Motors and Chrysler , which are in merger talks .
" Investors are becoming more pessimistic about the Detroit Three 's prospects in the environment of a deepening recession and restricted access to credit , " wrote Sean Maher , an analyst for Economy.com , referring to the US motor industry giants .
Ford shares fell 6.9 percent to $ 2.17 on Tuesday in a broadly negative market .
They have shed about 65 percent of their value since the beginning of the year while G.M. has seen its stock fall more than 80 percent from a year ago .
Kerkorian , 91 , built a position in Ford earlier this year .
The billionaire investor , who made a fortune from running and selling Las Vegas casinos , bought the shares in Ford after referring at the time to a " meaningful traction in its turnaround efforts . "
But despite Kerkorian 's high profile buying , circumstances worsened for Ford and the auto industry .
Ford lost $ 8.7 billion in the second quarter and was forced to abandon its goal of returning to profit in 2009 .
Since then the Detroit giant has battled to sell its heavy vehicles in its domestic market as consumers struggle with rocketing fuel prices and recent financial crisis has also hit sales .
In a recent announcement , Ford said sales in the US fell 34 percent to 116,734 vehicles in September while year - to - date sales were down 17.3 percent at 1.5 million vehicles .
Kerkorian , renowned for turning around troubled companies with his smart investments , has a mixed history in the auto industry , often failing to achieve his ambitions .
He was at a time , Chrysler 's biggest shareholder and launched his own bid for the auto giant in 1995 before backing a deal to sell the firm to Germany 's Daimler - Benz .
In 2006 , Kerkorian increased his stake in General Motors , the largest US automaker , and won a board seat for one of his associates , but later reduced his holdings after failing to motivate an alliance with Nissan - Renault .
He announced another bid for Chrysler in 2007 before the announcement of the sale of the US division to private equity firm Cerberus .
New York
Time contributes to the story
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Georgia Rep. John Lewis said Saturday that controversial remarks he made comparing the feeling at recent Republican rallies to those of segregationist George Wallace were misinterpreted .
Rep. John Lewis , D - Georgia , and Sen. John McCain traded tough statements Saturday .
The civil rights icon issued a statement Saturday evening which said a " careful review " of his remarks made earlier in the day " would reveal that I did not compare Sen. John McCain or Gov. Sarah Palin to George Wallace . "
McCain said Lewis ' earlier statement was " a brazen and baseless attack " and called on Sen. Barack Obama to repudiate it .
Lewis had said earlier that he was " deeply disturbed by the negative tone of the McCain - Palin campaign " and that the Republican running mates are " playing with fire . "
" What I am seeing reminds me too much of another destructive period in American history .
Sen. McCain and Gov. Palin are sowing the seeds of hatred and division , and there is no need for this hostility in our political discourse , " Lewis said in a statement .
" During another period , in the not too distant past , there was a governor of the state of Alabama named George Wallace who also became a presidential candidate .
George Wallace never threw a bomb .
He never fired a gun , but he created the climate and the conditions that encouraged vicious attacks against innocent Americans who were simply trying to exercise their constitutional rights .
Because of this atmosphere of hate , four little girls were killed on Sunday morning when a church was bombed in Birmingham , Alabama , " wrote the Democrat .
McCain has written about Lewis in the past , praising his actions in Selma , Alabama , during the civil rights movement .
The Republican nominee even said during a summer faith forum that Lewis was one of three men he would turn to for counsel as president .
McCain said Saturday that Lewis ' statement was " shocking and beyond the pale . "
" The notion that legitimate criticism of Sen . Obama 's record and positions could be compared to Gov. George Wallace , his segregationist policies and the violence he provoked is unacceptable and has no place in this campaign .
" I am saddened that John Lewis , a man I 've always admired , would make such a brazen and baseless attack on my character and the character of the thousands of hard - working Americans who come to our events to cheer for the kind of reform that will put America on the right track . "
Clarifying his remarks later Saturday , Lewis said his statement " was a reminder to all Americans that toxic language can lead to destructive behavior . "
Watch more on the rising rage at McCain - Palin rallies »
" I am glad that Sen. McCain has taken some steps to correct divisive speech at his rallies .
I believe we need to return to civil discourse in this election about the pressing economic issues that are affecting our nation . "
Obama 's campaign said Obama " does not believe that John McCain or any policy criticism is any way comparable to George Wallace or his segregationist policies " but said Lewis was " right to condemn some of the hateful rhetoric . "
Lewis ' comments followed several days of headline - grabbing anger aimed at Obama from some attendees at campaign rallies for McCain and Palin .
In the past few days , angry supporters have called on McCain toughen up on Obama .
Late last week , McCain urged his supporters to be respectful of Obama .
" We want to fight and I will fight .
But we will be respectful , " he said .
" I admire Sen. Obama and his accomplishments .
I will respect him and I want everyone to be respectful , and let 's make sure we are . "
CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About John Lewis • George Wallace • Sarah Palin
So I said that the Twilight Hack was gone and probably would n’t be coming back .
Good thing I left that probably in there .
Yes , they screwed up the anti-Twilight Hack check .
Again .
There ’s not much point in us publishing a detailed explanation on where the problems are this time around .
It comes down to nothing remarkable anyway – just more stupid , silly bugs .
They fixed some and added more .
We did n’t look much this time because we thought that , well , they really could n’t have screwed it up this time , could they ?
As it turns out , you did n’t even have to look at the code to figure out that something was wrong .
Someone tried to copy the Twilight Hack out of a 3.3 Wii and into a 3.4 Wii .
Go ahead , try it .
It does n’t quite work ( it crashes the game when used ) , but the save copies .
Oops .
Props to Krusty for pointing this out .
Will this finally be the last release of the Twilight Hack ?
Will Nintendo finally manage to beat it into the ground ?
Third time ’s the charm , maybe ?
We do n’t know .
Enjoy : Twilight Hack v0.1 - beta2 ( special 3.4 edition )
Notes :
This is for 3.4 ONLY .
3.3 and earlier users should continue with the v0.1 - beta1 Twilight Hack .
The hacked savefile will be deleted on every boot , so you should copy it , run Zelda , and immediately install HBC , as the hack will be gone once you go back to the System Menu ( and then you ’ll have to copy it again to use it again ) .
JAP and PAL are untested but ought to work .
Also , this in no way implies that updating is a good idea .
It ’s not .
Do n’t do it .
Flash SSDs Do n’t Improve Your Notebook Battery Runtime – they Reduce It
Flash - based solid state drives ( SSDs ) are considered to be the future of performance hard drives , and everyone seems to be jumping on the bandwagon .
We are no exception , as we have been publishing many articles on flash - based SSDs during the last few months , emphasizing the performance gains and the potential power savings brought by flash memory .
And there is nothing wrong with this , since SLC flash SSDs easily outperform conventional hard drives today ( SLC = single level cell ) .
However , we have discovered that the power savings are n’t there : in fact , battery runtimes actually decrease if you use a flash SSD .
Could Tom ’s Hardware be Wrong ?
No , our results are definitely correct .
We ’ve looked at almost a dozen different flash SSDs from seven vendors over the last few months , and measured acceptable or sometimes even disappointing power requirements with most flash SSDs .
In an effort to determine the actual impact on notebook systems , we took four SSDs that we had available in our test lab , and ran a series of Mobilemark benchmark runs on a Dell Latitude D630 notebook .
We found runtime differences of up to one hour (! ) when using a flash SSD compared to a high - performance 7,200 RPM 2.5 ” notebook hard drive .
Will this Slow Down the Flash Memory Hype ?
We do n’t think so .
Flash is cool , because it ’s expensive , and because it does provide significant performance advantages ( when SLC flash is used ) .
But while our results are interesting for most users , they will be shocking to road warriors .
You will see very clearly in the benchmark section that theory and real life are sometimes entirely different .
We still believe that flash - based drives will be the future for the performance segment , but they must not become a key component for energy - efficient notebooks and ultra-portables — where performance is secondary — as long as their average power consumption is higher than that of conventional 2.5 ” notebook hard drives .
In fact , even a high - performance 7,200 RPM 2.5 ” drive provided better overall battery runtime than most of the flash SSDs we put through the Mobilemark test .
Update :
We apologize for a procedural mistake in testing battery runtime for this article .
As the benchmark looped , the total workload processed by the fast Flash SSDs was higher , causing other components , such as the chipset and the CPU , to be more active as well .
We followed up with the article Flash SSD Update : More Results , More Answers , which proves our conclusion correct , despite the procedural mistake .
Most of the Flash SSDs are not there yet .
However , OCZ ’s SATA - II Flash SSD proves that the technology has the potential to leave hard drives in the dust .
Leverage the sharing economy for jobs or services that suit your lifestyle .
Discover the top service in each industry , such as meal delivery , rideshare , and more .
Who first wrongly linked anthrax to Iraq -- and why ?
Muriel Kane
Published : Friday August 1 , 2008
Print This Email This
In the wake of the apparent suicide of an alleged suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks , fresh questions are being raised about the extent to which those attacks were used by the Bush administration as part of the push for both draconian anti-terror legislation and eventual war with Iraq .
Blogger Glenn Greenwald has suggested , " By design , those attacks put the American population into a state of intense fear of Islamic terrorism , far more than the 9/11 attacks alone could have accomplished . "
Greenwald has also raised questions about the source of claims being pushed by ABC News in late October 2001 that government tests had shown the anthrax contained bentonite , an additive used only by Iraq .
These claims , which were later found to be completely false , played an important role in spreading the idea of an Iraq - anthrax link .
However , the idea of such a link was already in circulation a week earlier when , according to Think Progress , John McCain was using the anthrax attacks to argue for war with Iraq .
McCain told David Letterman on October 18 , " The second phase is Iraq .
There is some indication , and I dont have the conclusions , but some of this anthrax may  and I emphasize may  have come from Iraq . "
RAW STORY has found that , although there had been active online speculation about an Iraqi source for the anthrax by the first week of October , the first suggestion that official investigations were focusing on that nation appears to have come in an article published in the Guardian on October 14 .
Under the headline , " Iraq ' behind US anthrax outbreaks ' - Pentagon hardliners press for strikes on Saddam , " David Rose and Ed Vulliamy wrote , " American investigators probing anthrax outbreaks in Florida and New York believe they have all the hallmarks of a terrorist attack - and have named Iraq as prime suspect as the source of the deadly spores .
Their inquiries are adding to what US hawks say is a growing mass of evidence that Saddam Hussein was involved , possibly indirectly , with the 11 September hijackers . "
Rose and Vullaimy noted a ( since - debunked ) report that Mohamed Atta had met with an Iraqi agent in Prague , writing , " According to sources in the Bush administration , investigators are talking to Egyptian authorities who say members of the al - Qaida network , detained and interrogated in Cairo , had obtained phials of anthrax in the Czech Republic .
Last autumn Mohamed Atta is said by US intelligence officials to have met in Prague an agent from Iraqi intelligence called Ahmed Samir al - Ahani , a former consul later expelled by the Czechs for activities not compatible with his diplomatic mission . "
They added that , " It was confirmed yesterday that Jim Woolsey , CIA director from 1993 to 1996 , recently visited London on behalf of the hawkish Defence Department to ' firm up ' other evidence of Iraqi involvement in 11 September .
Some observers fear linking Saddam to the terrorist attacks is part of an agenda being driven by US hawks eager to broaden the war to include Iraq , a move being resisted by the British government . "
The next day , the Wall Street Journal picked up the story , but without the Guardian 's skepticism , suggesting that the most likely suspect was al Qaeda using supplies obtained from Iraq .
" U.S. officials let Saddam know during the Gulf War that if he used such agents against U.S. forces he would get a destructive response , " explained the Journal .
" But that does n't mean he , or his agents , might not want to unleash the weapon from a deniable distance , or via third parties .
His anti-American animus has n't lessened since his Gulf defeat .
And Czech government sources have reported that Atta , the hijacking mastermind , met at least once with Iraqi diplomat Ahmad Samir Al - Ani in Prague . "
On the same day , CNN quoted former UN weapons inspector Richard Butler as saying , " What we 've got to be certain about above all is whether it came from a country supporting these terrorists as a matter of policy , such as Iraq , which we know has made this stuff .
And there 's a credible report , not fully verified , that they may indeed have given anthrax to exactly the group that did the World Trade Center .
...
It 's possible that many months ago anthrax , a small quantity of it , was handed over in Prague to Mohamed Atta ... and the person who handed it over in Prague was an Iraqi . "
These reports , and the use of the since - discredited claim that Mohammed Atta had visited Prague the previous year , appear closely allied with the aims of the Pentagon at that time .
Former White House counter - terrorism adviser Richard Clarke has reported that Donald Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz were discussing the possibility of war with Iraq as early as the afternoon of September 11 .
Investigative reporter Seymour Hersh has further indicated that the Office of Special Plans ( OSP ) was created in the fall of 2001 " in order to find evidence of what Wolfowitz and his boss , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , believed to be true that Saddam Hussein had close ties to Al Qaeda , and that Iraq had an enormous arsenal of chemical , biological , and possibly even nuclear weapons that threatened the region and , potentially , the United States . "
Former CIA director James Woolsey , described in the Guardian story as trying to " firm up " evidence of Iraqi involvement in 9/11 on behalf of Pentagon hawks , was working closely at that time with the Office of Special Plans and is now known to have been sent to London by Paul Wolfowitz .
In 2002 , Woolsey became a founding member of the Committee for the Liberation of Iraq .
Ron Brynaert provided additional research for this article .
To set this up :
The teams are tied with just a fraction of a second in overtime .
The yellow team sinks a free throw to win the game .
( at least they think they do )
The second free throw is missed .
A guy from the Purple team rebounds the ball and gets a shot off just milliseconds before the buzzer .
Watch the rest to see what happens .
Possibly the greatest moment in NCAA sports history .
The name of the game 's hero is Jordan Snipes .
GAFNO
August 1 , 2008
The Bush administration ’s newly created National Cyber Security Center remains shrouded in secrecy , with officials refusing to release information about its budget , what contractors will run it , and how its mission relates to Internet surveillance .
In correspondence with the U.S. Senate posted on Thursday , the Bush administration said it would not provide that information publicly .
An 18 - page , partially redacted letter from DHS said that disclosure could affect “ the conduct of federal programs , or other programs or operations essential to the interests of our nation . ”
The censored letter–a nonredacted , “ For Official Use Only ” version was provided to senators–came in response to queries from the top Democratic and Republican members of the Senate ’s Homeland Security committee .
Sen . Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , indicated that the nonredacted version satisfied her , at least for now .
“ Increased information sharing will benefit the department , Congress and the public , as well as the private - sector , which controls the vast majority of the nation ’s cyber infrastructure , ” Collins said in e-mail to CNET News .
“ It is my hope that the release of this information will assist in improving security in both the public and private sectors . ”
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who caucuses with Democrats , did not respond to our queries on Thursday .
In March , DHS announced that Rod Beckström , 47 , would be appointed as director of the National Cyber Security Center .
Secretary Michael Chertoff said at the time that Beckström would “ implement cyber security strategies in a cohesive way ” and contribute to the “ protection of federal networks and the security of our homeland . ”
Oddly , DHS seemed to change its mind about whether even the mere existence of the National Cyber Security Center was classified or not .
“ On March 20th , you announced that Rod Beckstrom would be the director of the new National Cyber Security Center within DHS , ” Lieberman and Collins said in a letter ( PDF ) to DHS in May .
“ Prior to this announcement , committee staff had been instructed that the existence of the NCSC was itself classified . ”
Their letter to DHS in May asked for a detailed account of the department ’s role in the Comprehensive National Cyber Security Initiative , noting a lack of information from the department , in spite of the fact that the administration had claimed that cybersecurity was one of Chertoff ’s “ top four priorities for ‘ 08 . ”
The DHS has requested an additional $ 83 million for National Cyber Security Center for fiscal year 2009 ( which begins in October 2009 ) ; including the $ 115 million awarded for the initiative in 2008 , that would increase its budget by $ 200 million , tripling the amount the DHS has spent on cyber security since 2007 .
The department ’s new National Cyber Security Center is taking the lead on the CNCI , a “ multi-agency , multi - year plan to secure the federal government ’s cyber networks ” that was established in January by a directive signed by President Bush .
In the letter made public on Thursday , DHS described the center as a way to “ coordinate and integrate information necessary to help secure U.S. cyber networks and systems and help foster collaboration among federal cyber groups , ” and serve as a “ single location for all - source situational awareness about cyber activity and security status of the U.S. networks and systems . ”
Though just made public Thursday , the letter was initially sent to the senators on June 2 .
The subsequent redacted version eliminated the department ’s response to questions such as : “ Why was the determination made that the contract will be for a 10 - month period ? ” and “ How will the DHS provide appropriate oversight to ensure that the contractors support efforts do not intrude on inherently governmental functions ? ”
One question left unanswered is how the National Cyber Security Center will interact with DHS ’s so - called Einstein program , which is designed to monitor Internet mischief and network disruptions aimed at federal agencies .
( Not much about Einstein is public , but a privacy impact assessment offers some details . )
A Homeland Security spokeswoman told us in April that the primary focus of Einstein at the time was protecting federal - government networks –not monitoring the privately operated Internet , a move that would raise unique legal , technical , and privacy challenges .
The DHS letter refused to divulge any information about Einstein .
It said : “ Technological upgrades and planning activities are classified .
DHS will be happy to provide the committee with a briefing in the appropriate ( classified ) setting . ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Welcome to the 57th edition of the Encephalon psychology and neuroscience writing carnival , where we have the honour of hosting the best in the last fortnight ’s mind and brain writing , here on Mind Hacks .
We start off with two great interviews .
The first is a video interview with pioneering neuroscientist Rodolfo Llin√°s , known for his radical ideas on consciousness , picked up by Channel N. One of the great names in cognitive science makes an appearance on Sharp Brains as Michael Posner is the subject of a recent interview .
One of Posner ’s great achievements , along with Marcus Raichle was to invent the subtraction method for the analysis of brain imaging data to allow us to make inferences about how the mind is working .
The Neurocritic has an excellent piece on some of the state - of - the - art work which is attempting to advance this technology , almost 30 years after the original breakthrough , by looking at links between electrical activity in the cortex and spontaneous fluctuations in signals from fMRI scanner .
Also on a neuroimaging tip , Pure Pedantry covers a recent study on the neuroscience of hypothesis generation , or how we think up possible explanations to explain causality in our booming , buzzing confusion of a world .
The masters of making sense of out of confusion are , of course , children , and a couple of great articles look at some of the latest research showing how the developing brain seems to work its magic .
Looking at the remarkable development of language , the consistently excellent Cognitive Daily discuss a child ’s use of gesture to communicate and whether it slows language learning .
Songs from the Wood has a great piece on infantile amnesia – that curiosity of development where we typically cannot remember anything that happened before the age of 3 - 4 years .
But if you want to learn more about what makes memories stick , Physiology Physics looks at long - term potentiation – one of the most important neuroscience discoveries in the last fifty years and one of the cornerstones of remembering .
If you ’re interested in where all this childhood experience ends up , one destination is our personality or personal style of interacting with each other and the world .
The Mouse Trap looks at some of the most influential of these theories in < a href= "
http://the-mouse-trap.blogspot.com/2008/09/cloningers-temaparements-and-character.html”>three great posts that discuss character traits , emotional maturity and emotional intelligence .
Obviously , if you ’ve been reading the same dodgy research that Dr Shock has , you ’ll know that one part of emotional maturity is saying no to computer games because THEY BURN YOUR SOUL .
Or , maybe they do n’t and the researchers are trying to spin a positive result into a negative one to get their unsupported point across .
Ah , the joys of science .
Entering more unusual territories , Brain Blogger has a brief guide to the syndrome where people lose control of their hands after brain injury , carious known as anarchic or alien hand syndrome .
PodBlack stays with the uncanny in a post about sex differences in superstitions and paranormal beliefs .
It ’s actually the last part of the four part series looking at superstitions and all are well worth a read .
Equally mysterious and no less controversial is the placebo effect and Brain Health Hacks has an interesting piece on what the the science of placebo might tell us about the neuroscience of hope .
I ’m sure there ’s an election joke in their somewhere but I ’ll leave that as a exercise for the reader .
Talking of culture in a more general sense , the newly launched Culture and Cognition blog has an interesting piece that discusses a recent Nature paper on culture and the brain and another on what can only be described as culture hacking .
From culture hacking to baseball hacking as sports psychology blog 80 Percent Mental looks at the cognitive science of baseball including some illustrative videos and perfect timing for the World Series .
From the best in baseball , to the best in online writing about Bipolar Disorder ( calling Liz Spikol … ) as PsychCentral ranks its Top 10 Bipolar Blogs for 2008 .
Keeping with the positivity , Brain Blogger looks at tetrabenazine , a drug which shows promise in treating Huntingdon ’s disease .
Finally , we finish with some articles about our animal friends .
The always thought - provoking Neuroanthropology which provides two posts with video footage of cooperative hunting in chimpanzees .
As they say – “ The videos raise questions about our own animal nature , as well as what is the dividing line between our own minds and the minds of some of our closest relatives . ”
Obviously , none of those chimpanzees have robotic cyber- implants , unlike the monkey discussed in a Pure Pendantry piece on a recent Nature Neuroscience article .
But it ’s not just cyber - monkeys , it ’s also radioactive mice !
Neurotopia has the low - down on the effects of exercise on hippocampal cell proliferation in irradiated mice .
I ’m sure there ’s a Marvel comic that starts like that but I dread to think which one .
Along the same lines of a science - fiction plotline become reality , Neurophilosophy looks at recent research on how individual memories were erased in mice .
And if your hero needs a daring getaway , there ’s more from the same source on staggering escape mechanism of the crayfish .
When a woman gets attacked in the street , the Indian authorities seem to think it 's her own fault for not staying at home
Indian women may be climbing the global power lists but that does n't stop our top politicos from rapping us on the knuckles for straying from where we belong : home .
Earlier this month , Soumya Vishwanathan , a television journalist in Delhi , was killed on her way back from work .
So far , we know little except that it was around three in the morning and she was shot from a moving vehicle .
Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit said she regretted Vishwanathan 's death but felt that she should not have been so " adventurous " .
Now she 's appealing to employers to ensure safety for female employees .
Because , of course , cleaning up the city – known to be notoriously unsafe for women – would take too much work .
Vishwanathan 's death may not have been related to her gender but the debate on women 's safety has been churned up , with many echoing Dikshit 's sentiments .
This is not new .
As Indian women step into new - found freedom , there are frequents attempts to bind our feet .
Three years back , when a call centre worker in Bangalore was raped and killed by the driver of the company car , a flurry of voices advised women to avoid night shifts .
In Karnataka , the law prohibits women from working at night in most industries ( media and the IT - enabled services industry are exceptions ) .
Recently , when the Karnataka High Court repealed a ban on female bartenders , the police cautioned that crimes against women would increase .
Feminists protest against such regressive attitudes and laws – and with good reason .
By shifting responsibility from the state to the individual woman , they make society more unsafe in the long run .
When something happens to a woman , the kneejerk reaction is to assume that she is the miscreant , the breaker of rules .
By curtailing women 's freedom and mobility , they impede our ability to compete in an economy that has to keep up with a global clock – a professional handicap that increases our dependence on men as financial providers .
The fear factor makes women physically and psychologically dependent , exacerbates a sense of victimhood and encourages helplessness .
It 's harder for women to engage in social activities , build support systems or get involved in political or community issues .
I 'm not advocating that we sacrifice ourselves on the altar of bravado and women's lib but is n't it time to give the blame back where it belongs ?
Our cities are unsafe .
And this is largely due to poor infrastructure ( dingy alleys , badly - lit streets , poor public transport ) and inadequate or unresponsive policing , as a recent planning commission report said .
Funny thing .
Because there are occasions when cops swarm the streets .
When a political bigwig comes visiting , for example .
During public festivals , processions , the rare gay pride march .
Clearly , women 's safety is not so high on the priority list .
Because no matter what the situation is , it 's presented as though it is women 's fault for not toeing the Cinderella line .
It 's our fault for not asking employers for special privileges .
It 's our fault for venturing out in the first place .
What Madam Dikshit ( and others like her ) would do well to remember is that in most Indian cities , stepping out alone anytime after dark constitutes " adventurousness " for a woman .
Safe streets should be a basic right , not a luxury .
It would be heartening if one felt that the government was taking the problem seriously and making some moves in the right direction .
But sadly , year after year , all we get is the same old blame game , some sanctimonious advice , a few regressive laws and no promises , not even empty ones .
ASP .NET MVC is now officially in Beta .
Go get it !
ScottGu has all the juicy details in his usually Epic style .
In a nutshell , this is called Beta ( and not Preview 1138 ) because the quality and the amount of testing gone into it was higher than the Previews and source drops you may have gotten off of CodePlex .
It 's API surface is pretty stable now .
Also , we 're shipping jQuery with ASP .
NET MVC !
When you go File | New ASP .
NET MVC Project , you 've already got jQuery .
Bam .
Here 's what 's new in ASP .
NET MVC Beta :
If you 've been playing it safe as all the Alpha Geeks have been living on the edge , if you 're wondering when would be the time to start using ASP .
NET MVC or when you could go live , this is a good time to start .
This release as a very clear Go - Live license .
Totally , ( if you have n't already ) go out there and put your sites out in public on ASP .
NET MVC if you like .
It 's pretty much feature complete ( again , hence , " Beta " ) and should n't change in any major ways between now and it's release in a coming month ending in " - ber " like January - ber or Next June - ber .
( Seriously , I have no idea when it 'll be out .
When it 's done .
But , we 're closer than we were yesterday .
Go ask Phil. )
One of the new additions is Model Binders that formalize the relationship between what 's happening in HTTP and what ends up happening in your Controller actions .
Similar to what you can do in MonoRail with IParameterBinder , you can now do in ASP .
NET MVC .
For example , back in June I showed how to handle uploaded files with ASP .
NET MVC .
It was useful , but hard to test and kind of hard to read .
Here 's a cleaner way as an example from Levi Broderick , a Developer on the ASP .
NET MVC team .
A Sample ModelBinder for HttpPostedFileBase :
public class HttpPostedFileBaseModelBinder : IModelBinder {
public ModelBinderResult BindModel( ModelBindingContext bindingContext ) {
HttpPostedFileBase the File = bindingContext .HttpContext.Request.Files[bindingContext.ModelName ] ;
return new ModelBinderResult ( the File ) ;
}
}
You 'd activate it in your global.asax.cs ( or .vb ) :
ModelBinders.Binders[typeof( HttpPostedFileBase ) ] = new HttpPostedFileBaseModelBinder ( ) ;
Then you 'd make sure the form in your view uses the correct enctype :
< form enctype= " multipart / form-data " method= " post " action= " {some url} " >
Choose file : < input name = " the File " type= " file " >
< input value = " Submit Query " type =" submit " >
</ form >
… and finally , in the action method of your controller :
public ActionResult Upload( HttpPostedFileBase the File ) {
// ' the File ' now contains the uploaded file
}
That 's it .
There 's lots of cool binding stuff you can do , but that 's just one example .
One other thing I wanted to say .
I was in Las Vegas yesterday keynoting VSLive and I made it a point to show this new slide .
It 's simple , and perhaps obvious , but perhaps not :
I wanted to make it clear that even though folks ( and me ) might use the term " hybrid " to refer to ASP .
NET applications that mix WebForms , MVC and Dynamic Data , that these are all just ASP .
NET .
Arguably ASP.NET
Ajax and the Ajax Controls could be either another circle or part of the larger one .
I also showed ASP .
NET + Dynamic Data that you 'll be hearing more about at PDC and even more next year .
You should feel free to use these subsystems as you like , mix and match , promote and ignore .
Whatever makes you happy .
All the ASP.NET core stuff like Authentication , Authorization , Session , Caching , etc , that all works in all of these subsystems because they are all ASP .
NET .
Wow , that kind of sounded like a political speech !
" Ca n't we all just get along ?
MVC and WebForms living together , with Dynamic Data by their side ... "
Enjoy .
A massive untapped gold mine has been discovered in Co Monaghan .
The mine , found by Conroy Diamonds and Gold , is believed to be the biggest gold mine ever found in Ireland or the UK .
The company issued a formal announcement to the London Stock Exchange that the area outside Clontibret has more than one million ounces of gold .
Company chairman Professor Richard Conroy said it was a substantial amount of gold by any standards and that he was delighted at the find .
Mr Conroy added that a feasibility study is now under way and that at current gold prices , he believes it should make economic sense to mine .
Work could begin in less than two years ' time .
Although the grade of the gold in Co Monaghan is relatively low by world standards , the sheer size of the find and the surging prices of gold mean it could still be hugely profitable .
Costs of building and running the mine are estimated at around two - thirds of the value of the unexploited resources which , at present prices , could see a return of € 190m .
Daimler to Build 500 Charging Station Network For Electric Smart Car
Daimler and electricity company RWE have launched a joint battery - car and recharging station test project in the German capital called " E - Mobility Berlin " .
This is Daimler 's second battery - car test project .
Electric Smart cars started a trial as fleet vehicles for the police and other services in London in 2007 .
The companies announced at a media conference that Daimler would provide more than 100 battery - powered Mercedes and Smart cars
Daimler will provide more than 100 battery - powered Mercedes and Smarts .
RWE said it would install and operate about 500 charging stations .
The program will begin testing in 2009 and should come on line at the end of that year , with support from the German federal government .
Daimler said the cars would be powered by specially developed lithium - ion batteries that provide more range and shorter charge time than conventional batteries .
These batteries , it said , would have a range of about 60 miles ; 90 percent of German citizens generally drove less than that each day .
Introduction
This article describes an algorithm for optimizing a function of one variable without requiring a function for the derivative .
Methods that require derivatives are often fast but unstable .
Methods that do not require derivatives are often stable but slow .
The method implemented here , however , is stable and efficient .
It was first published by Richard Brent in his book " Algorithms for Minimization Without Derivatives . "
Given a function f( x ) and an interval [ a , b ] , the method finds the minimum of f( x ) over [ a , b ] .
The method can be used to maximize functions as well .
To find the maximum of a function , pass in the negative of the original function .
That is , the maximum of f( x ) occurs at the minimum of - f ( x ) .
Brent 's method is more robust than the Newton 's more familiar method .
When Newton 's method works , it is very fast .
But when it does not work , it can go wildly wrong , producing worse answers with each iteration .
Newton 's method is like the girl in the nursery rhyme :
When she was good , she was very , very good .
But when she was bad she was horrid .
Brent 's method is also easier to use than Newton 's method because it does not require the user to supply a derivative function .
The method sacrifices some efficiency for the sake of robustness , but the it is more efficient than other robust methods such as the golden section method .
Using the Code
The code given here is a single C++ function and a demo project for using it .
To use the function in your own project , simply #include the header file Brent.h .
The main input to the minimization function is a templated argument , a function object implementing the objective function to minimize .
The objective function must implement a public method with the signature double operator ( ) ( double x ) .
For example , here is a class for a function object to compute the function f( x ) = -x exp ( - x ) .
class foo { public : double operator ( ) ( double x ) { return - x * exp ( - x ) ; } } ;
The primary reason our code requires a function object rather than simply a function is that functions that need to be optimized in applications often depend on parameters in addition to function arguments .
A function object may have a dozen parameters that are fixed before finding the minimum of the resulting function of one variable .
The other arguments are the end points of the interval over which the function is minimized , the tolerance for stopping , and an output parameter for returning the location of the minimum .
The return value of the minimization function is the value of the objective function at its minimum .
The signature for our minimization function is as follows .
template < class TFunction > double Minimize ( TFunction& f , double leftEnd , double rightEnd , double epsilon , double & minLoc )
Suppose we want to find the minimum of the function -x exp ( x ) represented by the class foo above .
Below is a plot of this function .
We find the minimum of this function twice .
First we find the minimum over the interval [ - 1 , 2 ] to illustrate finding a minimum in the middle of an interval .
Then we find the minimum over the interval [ 2 , 3 ] to illustrate the case case of the minimum occuring at one of the ends of the interval .
foo f ; double minloc ; double minval ; std::cout << std::setprecision( 7 ) ; minval = Minimize < foo >( f , - 1 , 2 , 1e - 6 , minloc ) ; std::cout << " Computed minimum location : " << minloc << "
" << " Exact value : " << 1 . 0 << "
" << " Computed minimum value : " << minval << "
" << " Exact minimum value : " << f( 1 . 0 ) << "
" ; minval = Minimize < foo >( f , 2 , 3 , 1e - 6 , minloc ) ; std::cout << " Computed minimum location : " << minloc << "
" << " Exact value : " << 2 . 0 << "
" << " Computed minimum value : " << minval << "
" << " Exact minimum value : " << f( 2 . 0 ) << "
" ;
In the first case , minimizing over [ - 1 , 2 ] , the exact minimum occurs at 1 .
This is the global minimum of the function .
In the second case , minimizing over [ 2 , 3 ] , the function is increasing on this interval and so the minimum occurs at the left end point .
The output shows that the results were correct to the specified tolerance of 10 - 6 .
Computed minimum location : 1 Exact value : 1 Computed minimum value : - 0.3678794
Exact minimum value : - 0.3678794
Computed minimum location : 2.000001
Exact value : 2 Computed minimum value : - 0.2706704
Exact minimum value : - 0.2706706
Commentary
Brent 's method is an overlooked treasure from the past .
It was developed decades ago ( 1972 ) , and not too many people know about it now .
However , the method is ideal for many applications since it is both robust and efficient .
People often use the method without realizing it because it is used internally by other software packages , such as Mathematica .
NBC is furiously erasing its tracks .
Any attempts to upload the forbidden SNL bailout skit skewering George Soros and his left - wing subprime schemer friends Herbert and Marion Sandler will likely be squashed .
So , I transcribed the whole comedy sketch for you and provided screenshots for the 7 - minute video that has disappeared from NBC and Hulu .
( Pat Dollard ’s blog has posted the full clip on its server .
Thanks to Ms. Underestimated for the .wmv file . )
The hits on the Sandlers ( “ People who should be shot ” ) and Soros ( “ Owner , Democratic Party ” ) occur near the end of the skit .
***
Announcer : Next on C - SPAN , President Bush , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , and Congressman Barney Frank appeared earlier today at a joint press conference to comment on the financial bailout measure just passed by Congress .
Bush : Good afternoon .
On Friday , this Congress was able to put aside its differences and come together in the bipartisan spirit to pass legislation that was absolutely vital to ensure world confidence in our financial markets and prevent a collapse of credit which would have had a catastrophic effect on our economy .
Approving this bill was the right thing to do and I commend our legislators for their actions .
Speaker Pelosi .
Pelosi : Thank you , Mr. President .
I , too , applaud Congress for this vote and add that without your vote , this bill might well have failed .
Even though this crisis was 100 percent the fault of your administration and it ’s insane economic policies .
And though I ’m sure you ’ll agree , you will go down in history as our worst president ever .
This one time , you did manage to not screw things up and I wanna acknowledge that .
Bush : Thank you , Madame Speaker .
I was glad to do it .
Frank :
Let me add , Mr. President , I was also pleased to see that for the first time during your eight years in office and possibly your entire life , you were able to demonstrate leadership , not to mention simple human decency .
Bush :
You bet , you bet .
Pelosi : Let ’s not forget , Mr. President , that it was the Democrats that first sounded the alarm about the risky mortgage loans that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were encouraging and that your party resisted all our efforts to rein them in .
Bush : W - w - w - w-ait .
Was n’t it my administration that warned about the problem six years ago ?
And it was the Democrats that refused to listen ?!
Pelosi : What ?
Who told you that ?
That ’s crazy .
It was completely the other way around .
Frank : Actually .
This time , he ’s sort of right .
Pelosi : Shhh !
Do n’t say anything .
He does n’t know .
Now , there was another point we wanted to make here and you are welcome to stay .
Bush :
Thank you .
I ’d like that .
Pelosi : Back there would be better .
Bush : No problem .
Pelosi :
In the past few weeks , this debate has focused on the wisdom of government intervention in the housing markets .
What has n’t been talked about is that behind every home foreclosure , there is a story of real suffering by real Americans .
People who , but for the grace of God , could be you or your neighbors .
And today , we ’d like to introduce you to some of them .
Michael McCune and Jerome Gant , two ordinary Americans whose only crime was to play by the rules and who now find themselves facing eviction from their homes .
Please tell us your story .
Michael : Uh , well , to start .
I still do n’t understand how this happened to me .
I mean , I fit all the requirements for a subprime mortgage .
Uh , no credit history .
Jerome : Same here .
Michael : No job .
Jerome : Me neither .
Michael : Minor criminal record .
Jerome : Ditto .
Michael : Dishonorable discharge from the Army .
Jerome : Yeah , I got mine right here .
Michael : Uh , drug problems .
Jerome : Me , too .
Michael : Uh , alcohol problems .
Jerome : Guilty as charged .
Michael : Gambling addiction .
Jerome : Yeah .
Michael : Pregnant girlfriend — actually , two pregnant girlfriends .
Jerome : Just the one .
Well , I was talked into a balloon mortgage .
Where you move into the house .
And then you get to live in it .
And you do n’t have to , like , pay money or anything to the bank .
But then later , you do .
Jerome : Yeah , what up with dat ?
Michael : I mean , you could say I ’m a double victim , since I never had a job and now I do n’t have a home !
Jerome :
Well , I ’m a triple victim , because now I ’ve been charged with arson for allegedly setting fire to the house they evicted me from .
Pelosi :
You are both in our thoughts .
( Hugs Michael .
Wo n’t hug Jerome . )
This is Greg Phillips and his wife , Judy .
How did the housing collapse affect you ?
My wife and I bought two dozen time - share condos which we heavily mortgaged in order to flip them 6 months later for triple the purchase price and then the real estate market tanked .
Pelosi :
And you were doing this through …
Judy : Misrepresentation .
Pelosi :
No , I meant , did you do this out of your home …
Judy :
Out of greed .
Greg :
Yes , out of greed .
Pelosi :
And now , with the real estate market down , you ’re stuck with two dozen time - share condos that you ca n’t sell …
Judy : Unless we can sell them for , like , 10 percent more than we paid .
Pelosi :
So , you ca n’t make your mortgage payments .
Greg :
Not without selling the boat .
Or putting off essential cosmetic surgery .
Pelosi :
And who is this ?
This is Crystal , our surrogate mother .
Crystal : Waaaazup ?
Judy :
You see , I ca n’t have children … without getting bad stretch marks .
Pelosi :
You are also in our thoughts and prayers .
This is Herbert and Marion Sandler .
Tell us your story .
Herbert Sandler :
My wife and I had a company which aggressively marketed subprime mortgages , and then bundled them into securities to sell to banks such as Wachovia .
Today , our portfolio is worth almost nothing — though at one point , it was worth close to $ 19 billion .
Pelosi : My God .
I am so sorry .
Were you able to sell it for anything .
Herbert Sandler : Yes , for $ 24 billion .
Pelosi : I see .
So in that sense , you ’re not so to speak , actual victims .
Herbert Sandler ( chuckling ) : Oh , no .
That would be Wachovia Bank .
Marion Sandler : Actually , we ’ve done quite well .
We ’re very happy .
Herbert Sandler :
We were sort of wondering why you asked us to come today .
Marion Sandler : Anyway , it ’s delightful to see you , Nancy .
( Kisses Pelosi . )
Herbert Sandler :
And thank you , Congressman Frank , as well as many Republicans for helping block
Congressional oversight of our corrupt activities .
Frank :
Not at all .
Let me say something else here .
You know , many of you are probably wondering , “ Where will that $ 700 billion missing from our economy go ? ”
To help answer that , let me introduce our good friend , billionaire hedge fund manager , George Soros .
Soros :
So what became of zat $ 700 beellion dollars ?
Well , basically it belongs to me , now .
Actually , it ’s not even dollars anymore , but Swiss franks , since I have taken a short position against the dollar .
Bush : Oh , really .
That ’s not good .
Soros :
You ’re not to speak .
I do n’t like you .
Yes , uh , zee U.S. dollar will have to be devalued sometime next week .
Either Tuesday or Wednesday .
I have n’t decided wheech yet .
It will depend on how I feel .
Frank :
Thank you very much , Mr. Soros .
You ’re a great man .
Soros : Could I just add that even though you know what ’s coming , you wo n’t be able to do anything about it .
Pelosi :
You ’re a wise man , Mr. Soros .
And a powerful one .
Frank :
You are better than us .
Soros ( pointing to Anne Hathaway character ) : Your wife is physically attractive .
Sell her to me , please .
Greg and Judy : Sure .
Ok .
Announcer :
We ’ll now leave this press conference and join a discussion of Sen.
McCain ’s foreign policy positions already in progress .
Gov. Palin is about to say something embarrassing .
##End##
Praise the Lord and pass the ballot box .
Things are different in Alaska , perhaps because politically there is less at stake .
But now that Sarah Palin moves onto a national stage as John McCain 's running mate , it might be useful to examine some of her faith - based values in greater detail .
She emphasised these views in a talk she gave in June at her hometown church in Wasilla , Alaska .
In his introduction , controversial evangelical Pastor Ed Kalnins noted that when he first met Palin , she was the mayor of the town :
When I got the chance to meet our mayor , I said : " This person loves Jesus .
That 's the bottom line .
She loves Jesus with everything she has .
She 's a disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ before she 's a mayor . "
After boasting that her 19 - year - old son Track had enlisted in the military and was about to be deployed to Iraq , Palin said :
Pray for our military men and women who are striving to do what is right .
Also , for this country , that our leaders , our national leaders , are sending [ US soldiers ] out on a task that is from God . …
That 's what we have to make sure that we 're praying for , that there is a plan and that that plan is God 's plan .
Subsequently , she spoke about a $ 30bn natural gas pipeline that she 's seeking to build from Alaska through Canada to the lower 48 states :
I can work really , really hard to get a natural gas pipeline , a $ 30 bn project that 's going to create a lot of new jobs for Alaskans and will have a lot of energy flowing through here .
And pray about that also .
I think God 's will has to be done in unifying people and companies to get that gas line built , so pray for that .
Then , after listing the tasks she can do as governor to make the state a decent place to live , she added :
None of that is gonna do any good if the people 's heart is n't right with God .
We can work together to make sure that God 's will be done here in Alaska .
After watching this video , I can perfectly understand why evangelicals are overjoyed with her nomination .
But I can't understand why McCain was as well .
Did he not think that statements like this might disturb non-evangelicals , not to mention non-Christians , of which , believe it or not , there are a few in this country ?
Religiously , Sarah Palin is George Bush unbuttoned .
The latter manages much of the time to disguise the evangelical passion of his political mission .
Palin possesses the same zeal , but lays it on the line for all to see .
There is no artifice , no subtlety .
It 's all right there .
If this woman is right for the vice - presidency , then evangelical Christianity is even more pervasive and powerful than I feared .
Frankly , candidates like Palin are the Jews ' worst nightmare .
The sentiments she expresses are part of a vestigial memory we internalise about what intolerance and bigotry sounds like .
This certainly does n't rise to the level of flat - out anti-Semitism .
But we know when we 're not wanted , and as non-believers we 're not wanted in the evangelical Christian worldview , except as enablers of Jesus ' final coming .
The Politico's Ben Smith reports that only two weeks ago , Palin attended her local church to hear Jews for Jesus executive director David Brickner excoriate Jews for not accepting Him as their Lord and saviour :
Brickner 's mission has drawn wide criticism from the organised Jewish community , and the Anti-Defamation League accused them in a report of " targeting Jews for conversion with subterfuge and deception " .
Brickner ... described terrorist attacks on Israelis as God 's " judgment of unbelief " of Jews who have n't embraced Christianity .
" Judgment is very real and we see it played out on the pages of the newspapers and on the television .
It 's very real .
When [ Brickner 's son ] was in Jerusalem he was there to witness some of that judgment , some of that conflict , when a Palestinian from East Jerusalem took a bulldozer and went plowing through a score of cars , killing numbers of people .
Judgment - you can't miss it . "
I 'm not going to make the same mistake anti-Obamaites made in attributing the Rev Jeremiah Wright 's views to Obama by attributing Brickner 's views to Palin .
But I think it 's entirely legitimate to ask what she was doing there while a speaker Jews view as anathema was expressing such ideas .
And it 's appropriate to insist that she not participate in such forums in the future and that she dissociate herself from the views she heard that day .
We are a minority who , in a way , lives on the kindness of strangers , to quote Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire .
In the evangelical world that Palin embraces there is little kindness for Jews .
Until now , McCain enjoyed the highest poll ratings of a Republican presidential candidate in a long time ( around 32 % ) .
No longer .
With Palin on his ticket he can kiss a good deal of that Jewish vote goodbye .
Sure , he 'll still retain 20 - 25 % of the hardcore true believers .
But forget the rest .
Smith also writes about an email he received from the Republican Jewish Coalition touting Palin as a friend of Israel because her office has an Israeli flag on the wall :
The fact that this tiny image [ of the Israeli flag ] is the best the official voice of Republican Jewry has to defend Palin is a mark that McCain may have just helped solve Obama 's Jewish problem .
On Tuesday , MSNBC reported that Palin , chaperoned by Joe Lieberman , had her first pro forma meeting with Aipac 's national board of directors at her Minneapolis hotel , where the campaign has sequestered her :
A campaign official ... said [ the meeting ] was geared towards putting the American Jewish community at ease over her understanding of US - Middle East relations .
" That 's obviously going to be an issue , " the aide said .
" It 's not like being the senator from New York , obviously .
But these are n't issues that are off her radar . "
Palin … expressed her " heartfelt support for Israel " and spoke of the threats it faces from Iran and others , the campaign official said .
" We had a good productive discussion on the importance of the US - Israel relationship , and we were pleased that governor Palin expressed her deep , personal , and lifelong commitment to the safety and well - being of Israel , " Aipac spokesman Josh Block said .
" Like senator McCain , the vice - presidential nominee understands and believes in the special friendship between the two democracies and would work to expand and deepen the strategic partnership in a McCain / Palin administration . "
This is clearly boilerplate stuff .
And you 'll notice that the story was fed to the press by spokespeople instead of the candidate herself .
This is a further indication of nervousness on the campaign 's part in having Palin present her own views on the issue .
Clearly , McCain 's people worry that Palin has as little understanding of Israel as she has of other major foreign policy issues .
It would be legitimate to question whether , at this point , she gets many issues of concern to the Jewish community .
Her evangelical background is n't going to help persuade Jews otherwise .
This is through no fault of her own .
But the fault lies with McCain , who chose Palin without thinking through the impact this would have on his campaign in the Jewish community .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The credit crisis has left the Group of Seven club of rich nations looking like a 20th century relic unable to tackle a modern financial disaster , and its larger siblings may be no better suited for the task .
U.S. President George W. Bush ( C ) talks in the Rose Garden after meeting with G7 finance ministers and heads of international finance institutions at the White House in Washington , October 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
Over the past 48 hours , world finance leaders have gathered under the umbrellas of the exclusive G7 , the broader G20 that includes both emerging and developed economies , and the 185 - nation International Monetary Fund .
None of them managed to plot a course out of the credit morass wide enough to address the full range of financial problems yet focused enough to calm investors who are desperately looking for answers to the 14 - month crisis .
“ If you look at the global financial architecture , I do n’t think it reflects the global economy today , ” U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said when asked whether the G7 -- the United States , Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy and Japan -- should be expanded to include developing powers such as China , India , Russia and Mexico .
“ It ’s a big world , and it ’s a lot bigger than the G7 . ”
The credit crisis has hammered that point home in the past three weeks as no region has escaped the panic - driven stock market slides which have become a near - daily occurrence .
Many analysts were bracing for another rocky trading day on Monday after a weekend full of meetings in Washington and Paris failed to fully allay concerns the global economy was dangerously off course .
“ If you ask me for my view about the problems we ’re seeing right now , it ’s the absence of strong , visible leadership capable of driving change and coordinated responses to market burn - down , ” Trevor Manuel , South Africa ’s finance minister , said during a panel discussion on Sunday .
He faulted the IMF for seeming “ remote ” during the crisis .
At its session on Friday , the G7 scrapped the usual three - page communique that normally covers everything from the economic outlook to money laundering and instead offered a bullet point five - step plan that focused on the need to unfreeze markets and rebuild bank balance sheets .
“ The G7 statement was underwhelming .
Much briefer than most of us had expected , ” said Michael Woolfolk , senior currency strategist at Bank of New York Mellon in New York .
“ This was a great opportunity for them to try to come up with concrete measures to help the credit markets .
They were all there locked up in the same room in Washington and with G20 ministers at hand .
Still , they missed it . ”
On Sunday , European heads of state held a hastily arranged summit in Paris and agreed to pump money into banks , but the specific steps to be taken would be left to each government to decide .
“ Even though these measures are not as strong as people expected , and the G7 statement was actually pretty tame , it seems central banks and the finance leaders are finally beginning to move in a coordinated manner , ” said Kathy Lien , head of currency research at GFT Forex in New York .
CALLING THE “ GX ”
Unity was a common theme this weekend as the G20 and IMF endorsed the plan put forward by the G7 .
But underneath the united front were plenty of calls for change .
In a sign that even the mighty United States recognized that it needed help to solve the crisis , it was Paulson who called for this weekend ’s special G20 meeting , which took place on Saturday , a day after the G7 .
Italian Economy Minister Giulio Tremonti called for expanding the exclusive G7 but dubbed his new forum the “ GX ” because even he did n’t know what shape it ought to take .
“ We propose to go beyond the G7 framework to adopt a larger structure , ” Tremonti said , adding that Italy would propose such a change next year when it assumes the rotating G7 leadership .
The trick is to put together a group that is representative of the modern economy but compact enough to be decisive without getting bogged down in politics .
Countries such as Brazil , Russia , India and China -- the so - called BRIC economies -- have long been discussed as logical additions to the G7 club .
“ China is now essentially tied with Germany for the world ’s fourth - largest economy .
Not to have China at the table dilutes the G7’s influence and power right now when it is needed . ” said economist Mark Zandi of Economy.com in West Chester , Pennsylvania .
The BRICs are members of the wider G20 , but that group may be too unwieldy .
Guido Mantega , the Brazilian finance minister who chairs the G20 , said it needed to be “ more agile ” and lacked the proper instruments to address the current crisis .
“ Ideally , the G20 would have a situation room , such as you have when you are in a war .
Indeed , this crisis is like a war , ” he added .
In a Washington Post editorial on Sunday , former IMF chief economist Simon Johnson and Peter Boone , chairman of British - based charity Effective Intervention , warned of “ all - out financial warfare ” unless countries improved coordination .
“ Actions by one country alone , and the current pattern of small steps , are no longer credible enough to change the tide .
Markets need to be jolted out of their panic , ” they wrote .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
US troops made a raid inside Syrian territory near Iraq , according to Syrian media , which left 8 persons ( the Syrians say civilians ) dead .
What is odd is that the Bush administration did not behave that way when the infiltration of fundamentalist vigilantes from the Syrian side was a more significant problem .
I do n’t know if this is election politics on Bush ’s part , an attempt by Bush - Cheney to mire Obama down in a Syria conflict they started .
Or maybe the secular , Alawi - dominated Baath Party of Syria , always afraid of the Sunni fundamentalists , has grown so terrified of Fatah al - Islam that they gave a secret go - ahead to the US to hit the fundamentalists where they had intelligence on them .
The ruling clique in Syria , Alawis , are a kind of folk Shiites much despised by Sunni fundamentalists .
The feuding between the two has been visible in nearby Lebanon , in the northern port of Tripoli .
Think you have the rights to your photos ?
MOSCOW - Russia reacted angrily yesterday to US State Department sanctions leveled this week against an arms trading company , calling it an " arrogant application " of US laws abroad .
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the US move to ban government agencies from dealing with the company Rosoboronexport , which is managed by a close friend of the Russian prime minister , Vladimir Putin , is " absolutely incompatible with the new realities in the current world structure . "
In addition to the Russian company , the State Department imposed sanctions against companies in Venezuela , China , Sudan , South Korea , and United Arab Emirates for allegedly selling technology to Iran , North Korea , and Syria that could lead to weapons of mass destruction .
The United States has stepped up its international efforts to apply diplomatic pressure on Iran to make it halt the development of nuclear fuels , which could be used in a nuclear bomb .
" If somebody in Washington thinks that in this way the United States will make Russia more accommodating in accepting the US approach to the solution of the Iran nuclear problem , this is a mistake , " Lavrov said yesterday .
Lavrov insisted that the sales were legal and met international guidelines .
But State Department spokeswoman Sara Mangiaracina said the Russian company and others were in violation of the Iran , North Korea , and Syria Nonproliferation Act passed by Congress in 2007 .
The sanctions against Russia surprised some observers because they came after a meeting last week in Finland of the US and Russian joint military chiefs of staff , the first high level encounter since the Russian invasion of Georgia in August .
LOS ANGELES TIMES
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
If you want a hardcopy of this poster , you can either ( 1 ) download the PDF file here for free and take it to a print shop ( Kinkos will work ) and get it printed as a large poster ( it prints 24 ″ x 48 ″ ) , or ( 2 ) buy it online at Zazzle.com ( click here to jump to the poster ) .
The words in the image above may look a bit blurry because this web page is displaying a compressed JPEG image on this web site ( to improve download time ) .
If you make a print from the PDF file ( or zazzle ) all the words and lines will be crisp and clear .
I created the poster with the Xara Xtreme drawing program .
Keywords :
Tree of Life , evolution , cladogram , cladistics , darwin , phylogenetic tree , phylogenetics , evolutionary tree , darwin , poster .
The primary sources for this illustration are :
Permission to copy and modify this illustration is given under the Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 United States License ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us).
To paraphrase that license : you must keep my name in any derived documents you create ; you cannot sell your derivative work commercially ; and any derivative copies you create must be distributed with the same CC - by - nc - sa license .
Animalia
Blog 1996
Math Skills
Sign of the Seahorse
Ten Commandments
Tree of Life
Posted by John Thomas and Markus Clermont
This is the second of a two part blog series titled ' Taming the Beast : How to test AJAX applications ' .
In
Application under test
The sample application we want to test is a simple inventory management system that allows users to increase or decrease the number of parts at various store locations .
The application is built using
To quickly recap from
Explore the system 's functionality Identify the system 's architecture Identify the interfaces between components Identify dependencies and fault conditions
For each function Identify the participating components Identify potential problems
Test in isolation for problems Create a ' happy path ' test Let 's look at each step in detail :
1. Explore the system 's functionality
This is the second of a two part blog series titled ' Taming the Beast : How to test AJAX applications ' .
In part one we discussed some philosophies around web application testing .
In this part we walk through a real example of designing a test strategy for an AJAX application by going ' beyond the GUI ' .
The sample application we want to test is a simple inventory management system that allows users to increase or decrease the number of parts at various store locations .
The application is built using GWT ( Google Web Toolkit ) but the testing methodology described here could be applied to any AJAX application .
To quickly recap from part one , here 's our recipe for testing goodness :
Let 's look at each step in detail :
2. Identify the architecture
Learning about the system architecture is the next critical step .
At this point think of the system as a set of components and figure out how they talk to each other .
Design documents and architecture diagrams are helpful in this step .
In our example we have the following components : Simple as this sounds , it is a crucial first step to testing the application .
You need to know how the system functions from a user 's perspective before you can begin writing tests .
Open the app , browse around , click on buttons and links and just get a ' feel ' of the app .
Here 's what our example app looks like :
The app has a NavPane to filter the inventory by locations , list number of items in each location , increase / decrease the balance for items and sort the list by office and by product .
Learning about the system architecture is the next critical step .
At this point think of the system as a set of components and figure out how they talk to each other .
Design documents and architecture diagrams are helpful in this step .
In our example we have the following components : GWT client : Java code compiled into JavaScript that lives in the users browser .
Communicates with the server via HTTP - RPC
Servlet : standard Apache Tomcat servlet that serves the " frontend.html " ( main page ) with the injected JavaScript and also serves RPCs to communicate with the client - side JavaScript .
Server - side implementation of the RPC - Stubs :
The servlet dispatches the RPC over HTTP calls to this implementation .
The RPCImpl communicates with the RPC - Backend via protocol - buffers over RPC
RPC backend : deals with the business logic and data storage .
Bigtable : for storing data
It helps to draw a simple diagram representing the data flows between these components , if one does n't already exist :
In our sample application , the RPC - Implementation is called " StoreService " and the other RPC - Backend is called " OfficeBackend " .
3. Identify the interfaces between components
It helps to draw a simple diagram representing the data flows between these components , if one does n't already exist :
Some obvious ones are :
gwt_module target in Ant build file
" service " servlet of Apache Tomcat
definition of the RPC - Interface
Protocol buffers
Bigtable
UI ( it is an interface , after all ! )
4. Identify dependencies and fault conditions
With the interfaces correctly identified , we need to identify dependencies and figure out input values that are needed to simulate error conditions in the system .
In our case the UI talks to the servlet which in turn talks to StoreService ( RPCImpl ) .
We should verify what happens when the StoreService : Some obvious ones are :
With the interfaces correctly identified , we need to identify dependencies and figure out input values that are needed to simulate error conditions in the system .
In our case the UI talks to the servlet which in turn talks to StoreService ( RPCImpl ) .
We should verify what happens when the StoreService :
returns null
returns empty lists
returns huge lists
returns lists with malformed content ( wrongly encoded , null or long strings )
times out
gets two concurrent calls
returns malformed content
times out
sends two concurrent requests
throws exceptions
Client
Gets all offices from RPC
On select , fetch items with RPC .
On completion , update table .
On deselect , clear items from table .
RPCImpl
Gets all offices from RPC - Backend
Fetches all stock for an office from RPC - Backend
RPC - Backend
Scan bigtable for all offices
Query stock for a given office from bigtable .
Introduce a flag to switch
Use the proxy - pattern
Switch it at run time
Add a different constructor to the servlet
Introduce a different build - target that links to the fake implementation
Use dependency injection to swap out real for fake implementations
In addition the RPCImpl ( StoreService ) talks to the RPC - Backend ( OfficeAdministration ) .
Again we want to make sure the proper calls are made and what happens when the backend :
To achieve these goals , we will want to replace the RPCImpl ( StoreService ) with a mock that we can control , and have the servlet talk to the mock .
The same is true for the OfficeAdministration - we will want to replace the real RPCBackend with a more controllable fake , and have StoreService communicate with the mock instead .
To get a better overview , we will first look at individual use - cases , and see how the components interact .
An example would be the filter - function in the UI ( only those items under a ' checked ' in a checked - location in the NavPane will be displayed in the table ) .
Our next step is to figure out the " smallest test " that can give us confidence that each of the components works as expected .
Make sure that de-selecting an item removes it .
For that , we need to be sure what items will be in the list .
A fake RPCImpl could do just that - independent of other tests that might use the same datasource .
The task is to make the Servlet talk to the " MockStoreService " as RPCImpl .
We have different possibilities to achieve that :
Any one of these options would do the job depending on the application .
Solutions like adding a new constructor to the servlet would need production code to depend on test code , which is obviously a bad idea .
Switching implementations at run time ( using class loader trickery ) is also an option but could expose security holes .
Dependency injection offers a flexible and efficient way to do the same job without polluting production code .
There are various frameworks to allow this form of dependency injection .
We want to briefly introduce GuiceBerry as one of them .
Warns war on terror could be eternal
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Tuesday , Oct 7 , 2008
An important news item that flew under the radar for the most part last week was the assertion from former CIA operative turned whistleblower Robert Baer that Osama Bin Laden is long dead .
The hugely respected intelligence & foreign policy expert told Terry Gross , host of National Public Radio show Fresh Air , “ Of course he is dead , where are the DVDs ?
Bin Laden would n’t dye his hair , all these things can be manipulated . ”
Baer , who has has previously publicly questioned the official story of the 9/11 attacks , continued “ He has n’t shown up , I ’ve taken in the last month a poll of CIA officers who have been on his trail , and what astounded me was not a single one was sure he was alive or dead .
They have no idea , I mean this man disappeared off the side of the earth . ”
Baer , who ’s previous book See No Evil was the basis for the film Syriana , asked “ When in history has a country fought another country or another entity when the leader may be dead ? ” and warned that the so called war on terror could be an eternal war if the goal continues to be to capture Bin Laden .
Baer also warned that the war is shifting into Pakistan , a dangerous precedent that could see the vaguely defined conflict move anywhere .
Last July it was revealed that Pakistan has an agreement to allow CIA - operated Predator drones fly over the country and strike targets in the so called “ hunt ” for Bin Laden .
Since that time many strikes have taken place , killing civilians in the process .
In addition , details of a secret Pentagon plan to send U.S. special forces into the wild tribal regions of Pakistan to find Bin Laden have also emerged .
The plans have reportedly not yet been implemented due to White House in fighting .
Listen to the short excerpt here .
Listen to the whole interview here .
( Article continues below )
There is voluminous evidence to suggest Bin Laden is long dead .
According to French newspaper Le Figaro , Bin Laden was on a kidney dialysis machine after he had one shipped to his base in Kandahar Afghanistan in 2000 , and when the CIA personally visited him in a Dubai hospital .
Other accounts suggest he was also suffering from Hepatitis C at the time and had only two years left to live .
Journalists who met Bin Laden before 9/11 later proclaimed their disbelief about the fact that he did n’t appear on video after December 2001 to brag about the fact that he had not been captured .
Since that time , every single Bin Laden video tape released has contained vague non-specific messages and in many cases the footage is old and re-hashed .
“ With an ego the size of Mount Everest , Osama bin Laden would not have , could not have , remained silent for so long if he were still alive .
He always liked to take credit even for things he had nothing to do with .
Would he remain silent for nine months and not trumpet his own survival ? ” wrote the New York Times ‘ Amir Taheri in July 2002 .
A very good reason for Osama remaining silent after the end of 2001 would be the fact that he probably died on December 26 of that year , according to a report in the Pakistani Observer , which cited a Taliban official as stating that Bin Laden died due to an untreated lung complication and that he had attended his funeral .
In 2002 CNN reported on the fact that Pakistan ’s president Pervez Musharraf believed Bin Laden to be dead :
[ A Bush administration official ] said U.S. intelligence is that bin Laden needs dialysis every three days and “ it is fairly obvious that that could be an issue when you are running from place to place , and facing the idea of needing to generate electricity in a mountain hideout , ” .
Others have gone on record insisting they believe Bin Laden to be dead , they include : Afghan President Hamid Karzai , FBI counter - terrorism chief Dale Watson , Israeli intelligence sources , the late former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto , Bin Laden expert Professor Bruce Lawrence , head of Duke University ’s Religious Studies program .
In addition , a leaked French secret service memo in September 2006 concluded that Bin Laden had died of typhoid poisoning the previous month .
The memo cited Saudi Arabian secret service sources who were convinced that Bin Laden had died in Pakistan .
“ The information gathered by the Saudis indicates that the head of al - Qaeda fell victim , while he was in Pakistan on August 23 , 2006 , to a very serious case of typhoid that led to a partial paralysis of his internal organs , ” states the French memo .
Judging from all the available evidence , the White House knows for certain or at least strongly suspects that Bin Laden is dead and has been for many years , but they have chosen to maintain his myth for the purposes of political propaganda and as a hook on which to pin the advance of the imperial Neo - Con agenda .
This article was posted : Tuesday , October 7 , 2008 at 11:38 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
gitを使っていて、間違ったファイルを git add してしまった場合に、 これをキャンセルする為には、以下のコマンドが使えます。
1 % git rm -- cached < filename >
git rm は、Working Tree ( 作業コピー ) と index からファイルを削除するコマンドですが、 -- cached を指定する事で、 indexからのみファイルを削除する事ができます 。
Jake Tapper , over at Political Punch , notes that many conservatives are continutally embarrassed by Gov. Sarah Palin .
They are speaking out about her inability to understand the talking points she throws out to crowds .
“ The thought of Sarah Palin as president gives me acid reflux , ” Chris Buckley tells the New York Times .
He said his father , the late conservative icon William F. Buckley , “ would have been appalled . ”
Writes Peggy Noonan , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin “ is a person of great ambition , but the question remains :
What is the purpose of the ambition ?
She wants to rise , but what for ?
… She does n’t think aloud .
She just . . . says things … .
She does not speak seriously but attempts to excite sensation …
“ In the past two weeks she has spent her time throwing out tinny lines to crowds she does n’t , really , understand .
This is not a leader , this is a follower , and she follows what she imagines is the base , which is in fact a vast and broken - hearted thing whose pain she cannot , actually , imagine .
She could reinspire and reinspirit ; she chooses merely to excite .
She does n’t seem to understand the implications of her own thoughts …
Peggy Noonan wrote a critical op - ed entitled Palin ’s Failin that Jake Tapper took a few excerpts from , here are more of Noonan ’s observations .
But it ’s unclear whether she is Bushian or Reaganite .
She does n’t think aloud .
She just . . . says things .
She is not as thoughtful or persuasive as Joe the Plumber , who in an extended cable interview Thursday made a better case for the Republican ticket than the Republican ticket has made .
In the end the Palin candidacy is a symptom and expression of a new vulgarization in American politics .
It ’s no good , not for conservatism and not for the country .
And yes , it is a mark against John McCain , against his judgment and idealism .
It does n’t appear that many conservatives will be voting for the McCain - Palin ticket .
Not after reading op - ed ’s like that one .
Added to that , we have seen the most conservative , right leaning newspapers endorsing Barack Obama .
McCain has truly lost his base and his credibility , when he made the destructive decision to have Palin join the ticket .
I find myself in the unique position of agreeing with Peggy Noonan ’s point of a “ new vulgarization in American politics . ”
It is a new low that is not in the best interest of our country .
Debian & Android Together on G1
Ok , so Android exists .
We finally have hardware , we even have source code .
What we did n't have was some game changing moment whereby we suddenly got control of our mobile phones .
You know , the moment that Google has promised us for the last year .
The reality of the situation is actually quite indicative of the attitudes in the cell phone world that even Google is powerless to affect .
So , anyone who has actually gotten a G1 and has spent the time to try to do anything awesome with it have been utterly disappointed by the fact that we are just regular users on our own boxes : T - Mobile did n't give us root , being afraid of what we might do .
Device Rooting / Jailbreaking
To me , this particular limitation turns this device into nothing more than a toy : as anyone who has been following my adventures into iPhoneLand knows , I think it is a crying shame to be carrying around a high - speed ARM CPU running a modern OS with a reasonably large screen and numerous input methods to just be a sub - par cell phone .
Luckily , this all changed a couple days ago when someone found a serious flaw in the Android firmware : all keypresses are routed to the Linux console , which was running a root terminal .
This meant that just typing ¶telnetd ¶ into any program provides a very simple remote root shell .
Unfortunately , once there , it 's actually a mite difficult to accomplish anything given Google 's overly simplistic busybox replacement , toolbox .
What we really need is a much more complete Unix userland .
This device is powerful enough that we should be able to even develop directly on it .
Installing Debian ARMEL
The main thing I 've so far seen on this matter have been a few attempts to get busybox on there .
I , however , think we can go a lot further : following the instructions in this article will end you up with a full distribution of Debian , one of the most highly respected Linux distributions , and the ability to install almost anything you want .
To do this , we need to think through a few of the details of getting this sort of thing running on the G1 .
The first question : where do we put it ?
The device has some internal flash , but it is n't really enough : only 128 MB to share with the OS and other applications .
We therefore turn our attention to the much more reasonably sized microSD card , a format which lets us get up to 16 GB of space .
Unfortunately , for compatibility with all existing readers , these cards are formatted FAT , which makes them nearly useless to store Unix programs and data on .
This is where we have to start getting tricky : we could put our Debian root inside of a filesystem image that we , in turn , store on the SD card as a single file on the FAT partition .
To do this , we just need to mount the file over a loopback driver with a more reasonable filesystem .
Checking / proc / filesystems , we find all kinds of filesystems we could choose from : vfat , yaffs , yaffs2 ... ok , or not .
T - Mobile only installed the small handful of filesystem drivers that Google needs to make Android function .
This means we need to load our own driver , which is finally where we get our break : the kernel is setup for modules .
Building the Debian Image
Ok , enough talking , let 's start doing things !
What we need first is a Debian filesystem image to transfer to the device .
To build this , we can use any existing Debian system to cross - debootstrap our installation .
Thankfully , Debian already fully supports ARM EABI and even has a helpful guide on doing this installation .
For people who would prefer to just use a ready - made image , I constructed this filesystem image for a 750 MB root and have uploaded the final image file to RapidShare .
This file has been bzip2 compressed down to about 85 MB .
If you would rather make this image yourself ( maybe you would like a different size than 750 MB , or just want more control over the process ) , here is the set of commands used to construct it , consolidated into one place .
Note the 749999999 , dd is irritating .
apt - get install debootstrap dd if=/ dev/zero of=debian.img seek=749999999 bs=1 count=1 mke2fs -F debian.img mkdir debian mount -o loop debian.img debian debootstrap -- verbose -- arch armel -- foreign lenny debian http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian umount debian
Building our Debian " Kit "
Once we have our image , we need to transfer it to our microSD card .
At the same time we should also grab a few other files we need .
One important aspect of this is that these steps require different kernel modules depending on what version of the firmware you are using ( as the configuration slightly changes over time ) .
ext2.ko ( RC19 ) ( RC29/30 ) - the standard Linux filesystem driver
unionfs.ko ( RC19 ) ( RC29/30 ) - lets us merge folders together ( advanced )
busybox - for a few key tools we need working variants of
Put all of these ( and debian.img ) together in a folder on the microSD card ( I do this using the USB connection , which I find simple and fast to use ) .
Note that if you downloaded a premade image you might want to rename it to debian.img to make these instructions simpler / work .
Setting up the Mount
Now for some more decisions : where do we , and where did we , put things ?
I placed the kit in a folder under the root directory of the microSD card and put everything else in / data / local ( the one useful folder you can normally write to ) .
To make the remaining instructions simpler , I am going to export these paths as environment variables so they are easy to use later without having to retype them .
It also makes the remaining instructions semantically much more simple to read .
export kit= / sdcard / kit export bin=/data/local / bin export mnt=/data/local/mnt
Next , there are a few environment variables we really need to setup lest we , or some of the software we try to use , goes insane .
We will also take this time to quickly load the ext2 filesystem driver so we have it available in later steps .
Note that these might look weird ( HOME in particular ) , but ignoring these environment variables can cause major problems later .
export PATH=$bin:/usr/bin:/usr/sbin:/bin:$PATH export TERM=linux export HOME=/ root insmod $ kit/ext2.ko
Our next order of business is to copy busybox to somewhere it can be executed .
As the G1 does n't come with a cp command , we have to use cat to do this .
Note that the mkdir command I have there cannot have a - p ( as toolbox does n't support it ) , so if you chose a crazy deep folder ( or one that exists ) you may have to do ignore some errors or do something more intelligent .
mkdir $ bin #- p cat $ kit / busybox > $bin/ busybox chmod 755 $ bin/busybox
Now that we have busybox , we can use it to create a device node for a loopback driver .
We need busybox for this as the G1 does not come with mknod , which is needed to do this .
We will also alias busybox to something shorter , making it easier to type .
( Often you would have busybox construct a set of symlinks for its subcommands , but I think that 's overkill for our temporary usage . )
alias _=busybox _ mknod / dev/loop0 b 7 0
Finally , we get to mount the image !
Note to use the filename you used for it .
We will mount this " noatime " in order to minimize unneccessary writing to the flash memory part ( which is both slow and will decrease its lifetime ) .
Thanks goes to Lauren Weinstein for reminding me of that flag !
_ mkdir -p $ mnt _ mount -o loop , noatime $ kit/debian.img $ mnt
Finalizing the Installation
At this point , we have to go back and finish some of the work that debootstrap is n't able to handle .
First , we have to run some package scripts and fix the URL of the main Debian repository ( debootstrap messes this up for some unknown reason ) .
If you downloaded the prebuilt image , these two commands do n't need to run .
_ chroot $ mnt /debootstrap/debootstrap --second - stage echo ' deb http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian lenny main '
>$ mnt/etc/apt/sources.list
To make certain that networking works fully ( specifically DNS resolution ) we have to verify the nameserver listed in /etc/resolv.conf .
One easy way to do this for a HOWTO is to just set this DNS server to a known working value .
I have already done this in the pre-made image file .
You might want to do something more intelligent here .
echo ' nameserver 4.2.2.2 ' > $ mnt/etc/resolv.conf
Now that that 's over ( which probably took almost ten minutes ) , we can enter the Debian environment using chroot .
This will give us a shell that is locked into Debian land , and capable of running all the advanced / awesome things we can do there .
You should continue from here even if you have a premade image .
_ chroot $ mnt / bin / bash
Once in , we need to do a quick few mounts to make things fully functional .
mount -t devpts devpts / dev / pts mount -t proc proc / proc mount -t sysfs sysfs /sys
Next we have a simple change that I should have done in the preconstructed image , but did not realize I needed to do , and now I 've already distributed it , so maybe next time I make an image it will already be done .
rm -f /etc/ mtab ln -s / proc/ mounts
/etc/mtab
We should also set a password for the root account so we can remotely log into it later .
passwd root
Setting up OpenSSH
Here is where the true power of Debian comes through : getting more advanced software rapidly onto the phone .
Let 's start by getting SSH up so we can get a fully functional terminal ( it might be hard to notice , but there are definitly a few issues running through the telnetd into the chroot ) .
To start , we use APT ( Debian 's package tool ) to first update its catalog and then install the server .
The second command will also automatically start the server .
apt - get update apt - get install openssh - server
If you come back later and would like to start OpenSSH again ( as we are n't doing the normal Debian bootup process ) , you can use the following command ( optionally using " restart " instead of " start " ) .
/etc/init.d/ssh start
Ok , Now What ?
Now you have fun !
The first things I got on there were subversion , gcc , and vim so I could start developing for it .
Again , people who want to get deep into the internals of Android ( kernel drivers , hardware access , flashing ) should join the G1 - Hackers mailing list .
If you later reboot your device , you will need to run some , but not all , of these commands again .
A careful read - through will make this clear , but if you happened to use the same paths that I did in my example you can use this script to re-setup the mounts .
Running Debian Code at /
Ok , so one thing that was unfortunate about all of this is that we pretty much have to make a choice : in Debian , or in Android .
This is the kind of choice we really should n't have to make , especially given that the two systems pretty much do n't overlap .
This is where unionfs comes in .
insmod $ kit/unionfs.ko mount -t unionfs -o dirs=$mnt/etc=rw:/etc=ro unionfs /etc
What this does is make /etc contain both the files from Android and the files from Debian .
It also sets the system up so that if we modify any files in /etc ( or create any new ones ) these modifications will get stored in our Debian partition : a feature that now gives us a fully working /etc !
The next problem is that Android and Linux use different naming conventions for their dynamic linker .
On Android we have / system / bin / linker , whereas on Linux we have / lib/ld- linux.so.3 .
This means we get file not found errors just from running valid software .
This is easy enough to fix with a symlink .
_ mount -o remount , rw / _ ln -s $ mnt/lib /
At first glance this might seem dangerous , but it is n't .
While we are modifying the root filesystem of the device ( something we are n't supposed to be able to do ) , it happens to be " rootfs " : a special instance of the Linux ramfs filesystem .
This means that any changes we make to it are undone by a simple reboot .
At this point we should be able to run most Debian programs without entering a chroot by just running the program from $ mnt .
Unfortunately , not everything is going to work as most of the files are in the " wrong " place .
Let 's fix that with some more symlinks .
for x in \ bin boot home media mnt \ opt selinux srv usr var do _ ln -s $ mnt / $x / done
This leaves only a few folders that we need to deal with .
The first one is trivial : / root is empty , so we can just get rid of it and replace it with another symlink .
Also , as we are now done modifying the filesystem on / , I highly recommend reprotecting this mount as files that end up here directly take up RAM ( not flash ) and do not get sync'd back to the Debian environment ( which is confusing / wrong ) .
rmdir / root _ ln -s $ mnt / root / _ mount -o remount , ro /
This leaves / sbin and / dev .
The former can be handled by a simple unionfs , but the situation with / dev is actually pretty evil .
It has a mount underneath it , / dev/pts , that you seemingly can't layer under a unionfs for whatever reason and expect it to still work .
The fix for this is to remount it back on top after the union .
mount -t unionfs -o dirs=$mnt / sbin=rw:/sbin=ro unionfs / sbin mount -t unionfs -o dirs=$mnt / dev=rw :/ dev=rw unionfs / dev mount -t devpts devpts / dev/pts
At this point we have everything setup well enough that even things like OpenSSH should work , so let 's restart it in this environment .
/etc/init.d/ssh restart
Cavaets and Open Issues
While this all looks great , there are a few issues worth mentioning :
The first is that I am not certain where usernames and other authentication details are coming from , but wherever it is Debian is going to need to be taught how to get access to that same information through PAM or some other architecture .
If you use Debian 's ls to look at files you will note that it does n't know anyone 's username .
Secondly , using a symlink tree for / rather than pivoting it to the mounted image ( which I could n't come up with a clean way to do given that the system has already booted and I 'm no longer init ) means that any package that tries to add a folder to / is going to fail to install : you might want to use apt - get mostly from within the chroot .
Finally , this is seriously going to be very temporary .
Updates for RC30 are already going out which fix the console bug that let us do all this in the first place ( as you need root access to get files into places where you can run them ) .
I therefore highly recommend playing with it while you still can .
( Frowny pants on that , by the way :(.
I wish I understood why cell phone companies are so keen on selling us devices that are purposely dumbed down .
Is it actually good for their business ? )
Palin : Pallin ' With Hypocrisy
By Shannyn Moore
shannynmoore.wordpress.com
The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR ) has been locked away for years .
Living in Alaska and being a steward of ANWR is like having a beautiful young daughter .
She 's a virgin now , and you want her to stay pristine as long as possible .
However , when the day comes , you want it to be with someone who knows about romance , safety , commitment and respect ; not some frat guy at a party .
The majority of Alaskans would go along with the opening of ANWR if it were n't drilled by a proven environmental rapist like EXXON .
Last spring , there was a buzz running through local talk radio shows .
The renewed desire to drill ANWR had overtaken Alaska like an adolescent 13 year old boy with a new Victoria Secret Catalog .
Arctic Power , a private lobbying company , hired by the State of Alaska to lobby congress to open ANWR for oil drilling , was ready to hire a spokesman .
I wondered how their initial meeting had gone .
" Hey , Alaska , let 's have a party !
Hannibal Lecter will be the chef , Jim Jones will pour drinks , and G. Gordon Liddy will promote the opening of ANWR ! ”
Where do I RSVP ?
Arctic Power , who was awarded $ 120,000 in state funds , thought the ambassador to reach across the aisle was Watergate conspirator and talk radio host , G. Gordon Liddy .
The hook would be a live G - Man broadcast from Alaska .
With boots on the ground , he could testify how barren and ripe for drilling ANWR was .
Alaska is rich with political scandal :
The infamous Bridges to Nowhere , Congressman Don Young ’s Coconut Road , Senator Ted Stevens ’ chalet upgrades , Senator Lisa Murkowski ’s friends and family land deal and former legislators sitting in federal penitentiaries for selling their votes , give us a not - so - savory reputation .
We have enough political convicts , no need to import a notorious felon to be spokesman for opening ANWR .
According to Governor Sarah Palin ’s former staff member Larry Persily , the Governor thought it was a good idea and planned to make an appearance on G. Gordon Liddy ’s program .
When suggested that a Watergate operative may not be a smart choice , Arctic Power co-chair , Mike Navarre , suggested most people did n’t know of Liddy ’s background and his role in President Nixon ’s administration and demise .
Letters to newspapers came pouring in , as did phone calls to the Governor ’s office .
“ I think it ’s terrible .
If Alaska wants to put the best face on things it ’s probably best to not hire felons , ” Senator Kim Elton said .
Sarah Palin attacking Barack Obama ’s relationship with William Ayers is ironic .
She ’s playing a pit bull , but it ’s not the Palin we know .
The Palin we know would n’t have known who William Ayers was .
“ Our opponent is someone who sees America as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who targeted their own country , ” Palin told a rally of about 10,000 gathered at a tennis stadium in Carson , California .
“ Our opponent …is someone who sees America , it seems , as being so imperfect , imperfect enough , that he ’s palling around with terrorists who would target their own country , ” she said on the same day in Englewood , Colorado .
Palin is referring to William Ayers .
There are obvious controversies around the activist career of Bill Ayers , but the connections to Obama are peripheral .
Bill Ayers has never been arrested , he turned himself into authorities and he never went to jail .
He is professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago and has fought hard for education reform in his community .
According to Palin ’s qualifications of “ pallin ’ around ” , John McCain and G. Gordon Liddy are practically blood brothers .
McCain and Liddy have been longtime friends and McCain has publicly stated “ I ’m proud of you , I ’m proud of your family . ”
He went on to say , “ It ’s always a pleasure for me to come on your program , Gordon , and congratulations on your continued success and adherence to the principles and philosophies that keep our nation great . ”
After the last eight years , I do n’t hold the same regard for presidential operatives covering up crimes of the administration they work for .
Liddy has contributed money to McCain ’s campaign and held several fund raisers in his home .
Mike Navarro was right in his assumption Alaskans would n’t remember who G. Gordon Liddy was .
Maybe Sarah Palin was one of those .
She funded the lobbyist group who dreamed it up , and was willing to be on the G - Man ’s radio show .
Did Palin know Liddy was convicted of conspiracy , burglary , wiretapping , contempt of court and contempt of Congress ?
Did Palin know Liddy was willing to kill a janitor and a journalist as part of the Watergate cover - up ?
Did Palin know Liddy admitted plotting to firebomb the Brookings Institution ?
What about the plan to kidnap protesters at the 1972 Republican National Convention ?
Did Palin not know Liddy served a more than four years in prison ?
Or did Sarah Palin , like John McCain , celebrate and consider Liddy ’s terrorist activities to be “ principles and philosophies that keep our nation great ? ”
It is an interesting and relevant footnote ;
In the late 1960s when Bill Ayers was involved with the Weatherman protesting a bloody , never - ending war that killed 58,000 Americans , he was in his early 20s ;
In the early 1970s when G. Gordon Liddy was involved in his criminal activities , he was in his early 40s .
Maybe Sarah Palin ’s excuse is she was only eight years old when the G - Man was plotting his terrorist acts .
Does any of this sound familiar ?
Shannyn Moore. Born Alaskan .
Patriot .
Constitutionalist .
Lover of Freedom .
Giving hell to the establishment .
Standing up to fascists and tyranny ... both foreign and domestic .
Visit Shannyn's blog at shannynmoore.wordpress.com
© AlaskaReport.com All Rights Reserved .
watch the white parked car in the top right ...
KANSAS CITY , Mo. --
While U.S. airlines downsize and scrimp on amenities , one carrier is offering its passengers leather seats , ample legroom and free food .
But frequent fliers probably do n't want a ticket on what may be the fastest growing " airline " serving Central America .
This carrier is run by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the federal agency responsible for finding and deporting undocumented immigrants .
A crackdown on illegal immigration has led to a spike in deportations and the creation of a de facto airline ...
" Le laisser - faire , c'est fini . "
It was French president Nicolas Sarkozy who actually uttered the words , but you could draw the same message from watching the televised debates in the United States at both the vice - presidential and presidential level .
You know that America 's founding economic philosophy is in deep trouble when candidates for our nation 's highest office refer easily to " Wall Street greed " and " predatory lenders " to explain the global financial crisis .
And those are the Republicans .
Where ...
The Shotgun Blog
« Human rights complaint against Maclean 's dismissed | Main | Liveblogging from Harper 's Toronto rally »
Friday , October 10 , 2008
Finally , central banking explained
The U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks have been in the headlines recently .
First there were the various expansions of power that allowed the Fed a greater role in the economy , and then there was yesterday 's coordinated interest rate cut by six of the world 's central banks , including the Fed and the Bank of Canada .
A month ago few Canadians knew who Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke was , now they 've seen him testifying before Congress clamoring for a bailout , but they still may be unsure exactly what he does .
Here is Australia 's answer to Jon Stewart , Shaun Micallef , interviewing the Reserve Bank of Australia 's Tony Froth ( remember then - Fed Chair Alan Greenspan 's July 2005 comment that " the apparent froth in the housing markets appears to have interacted with evolving practices in mortgage markets " ) trying to get to the bottom of it :
UPDATE : Welcome to our fine blog LewRockwellites !
We are Canada 's # 1 political blog , but , more importantly , we 're pro-liberty !
Go ahead and explore .
We 've covered Canadians giving an Austrian explanation of the financial crisis here and here .
If you want to learn more about Canada , we recently compared gun rights in Canada and Switzerland and if you 're curious about Canada 's political scene and our present election , we 've got some short but apt summaries here and here .
Posted by Kalim Kassam on October 10 , 2008 in Humour | Permalink
Comments
Anybody catch Jim Flaherty 's announcement of a 25B " injection into the Canadian economy ?
Does this look familiar to anyone here in Canada where the economy is healthy and sound ?
( According to PM Harper anyway )
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 3:43:04 PM
This is a great video .
Too right mate !
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 4:37:43 PM
Anybody catch Jim Flaherty 's announcement of a 25B " injection into the Canadian economy ?
Posted by : JC | 10 - Oct-08 3:43:04 PM
Ca n't you get anything right ?
The government is buying government backed mortgages back from the banks .
The mortgages are then to be resold later .
If the mortgage holder defaulted the government would be on the hook either way .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-10-10 5:20:46 PM
If the mortgage holder defaulted the government would be on the hook either way .
Posted by : The Stig | 10 - Oct-08 5:20:46 PM
The " government " would be on the hook either way ?
Sinse when is any of this ANY of the government 's business ?
At all ?
You work for the government do n't you .
Its the only possible way you could have your head so far up its ass .
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 8:49:03 PM
The " government " would be on the hook either way ?
Sinse when is any of this ANY of the government 's business ?
At all ?
Posted by : JC | 10 - Oct-08 8:49:03 PM
Ever heard of Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation ?
I did n't think so .
You work for the government do n't you .
Its the only possible way you could have your head so far up its ass .
Posted by : JC | 10 - Oct-08 8:49:03 PM
I do n't work either directly or indirectly for any government .
Unlike you I do understand how the system works .
Go back to salivating while listening to Ron Paul 's video's on Youtube .
BTW .
You still have n't explained how your commodity based wonder currency would work , or even detailed what commodities you 'll use .
Until you do do n't waste my time .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-10-10 9:07:24 PM
Oddly , everyone I spoke to today referred to it as a mini " bail out " Hmmmm
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 9:10:13 PM
Stig :
I 'm with you on this one .
JC is obviously a financial illiterate .
Cheers .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-10 9:12:36 PM
Ca n't you get anything right ?
The government is buying government backed mortgages back from the banks .
The mortgages are then to be resold later .
If the mortgage holder defaulted the government would be on the hook either way .
Posted by : The Stig | 10 - Oct-08 5:20:46 PM
I 'm still trying to figure out how this is anything but a step down the path that led the US to where it is today .
Posted by : Janet | 2008-10-10 9:16:55 PM
This video is n't just hilarious , it also exemplifies how I feel every time I sit through a macro lecture .
Posted by : Janet | 2008-10-10 9:17:42 PM
I do n't work either directly or indirectly for any government .
Unlike you I do understand how the system works .
Go back to salivating while listening to Ron Paul 's video's on Youtube .
BTW .
You still have n't explained how your commodity based wonder currency would work , or even detailed what commodities you 'll use .
Until you do do n't waste my time .
Posted by : The Stig | 10 - Oct-08 9:07:24 PM
We 've been over this I do n't know how many times now and its boring ....
You suggested Maple Syrup and Walnuts .... well that would be a step up from " thin air " would n't it ?
And I do n't need to be a financial whiz kid to know which way the wind blows and neither does the rest of the country .
The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation is just another level of bureacracy and completely unnecessary .
You go ahead and defend your glass house ... I hope you do n't get hurt too badly when it collapses on you .
And its going to .
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 9:31:58 PM
I 'm still trying to figure out how this is anything but a step down the path that led the US to where it is today .
Posted by : Janet | 10 - Oct-08 9:16:55 PM
The action by the government today was to add financial liquidity to the banks .
The banks ARE NOT being bailed out in Canada .
Take a course in accounting so you can read a balance sheet then get a financial statement from RBC or BMO .
You 'll find our banks are solid .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-10-10 9:41:12 PM
This ai n't Ron Paul ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIsHD7nwTbU&eurl=http://www.campaignforliberty.com/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQOt1yyJeNg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhLPNdjyjyg&feature=related
I may be a financial illiterate ... but I 'll take the word of these guys over most people 's ... any day of the week .
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 10:13:05 PM
The action by the government today was to add financial liquidity to the banks .
Posted by : The Stig | 10 - Oct-08 9:41:12 PM
Translation :
The action taken by the government today was more " meddling " in the market .
Plain and simple .
Add liquidity ... my ass ! :)
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-10 10:27:57 PM
Scalped from harry on another website :
Fear is the path to the dark side .
Fear leads to anger .
Anger leads to hate .
Hate leads to suffering .
Yoda
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-11 1:02:04 AM
" The mortgages are then to be resold later . "
But if they are n't worth anything because the mortgage holder still can't pay later , then the taxpayer gets $ 0 back , and the government is saddled with even more debt .
" If the mortgage holder defaulted the government would be on the hook either way . "
Right , and the government gets its money from the taxpayer .
So either the government goes bankrupt from its massive debt , and the taxpayer loses his or her lifetime investment in the institution that is supposed to be protecting them ( not going to happen ) , or the government simply borrows more money from foreign nations whose production is actually in significant surplus to its consumption ( i.e. it does n't overextend its own credit and become a debtor nation . )
Oh , but wait ...
Then the " mortgage holder " becomes the debtor nation , and the " lending institution " is ultimately the foreign nation with a surplus and good credit ...
Where things go from there is any madman 's pick out of a number of perfectly logical but utterly immoral solutions .
Posted by : rintrah | 2008-10-11 8:51:32 AM
You 'll find our banks are solid .
Posted by : The Stig | 10 - Oct-08 9:41:12 PM
Then why does the government need to inject 25B in " thin air " dollars to the " solid " banking system ?
And who is actually paying for it ?
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-11 8:59:07 AM
This is great !
Our media and entertainment industry in America are far too uninformed to put on a show such as this !
:)
Posted by : Jonathan H | 2008-10-11 11:43:49 AM
JC :
Once you 're in a hole , stop digging .
It 's apparent you 're an economic illiterate , so please stop embarrassing yourself .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-11 12:14:34 PM
Harpo was once a Hayekian who 's now condemned Canada to at least a mild DEPRESSION with this taxpayer insured , liquidity fueled bail out of banks -- banks ' who are only still solvent because the Canadian real estate collapse was delayed by high commodity prices , now on their way down .
Posted by : Name | 2008-10-11 2:17:48 PM
Name :
What planet did you just arrive from ?
Canadian housing statistics just came out two days ago and the market is pretty stable .
I 'm guessing you 're a new arrival from Chicken Littleovia .
Could you cite any Canadian economic statistic which suggests a depression ?
Let 's see .
Budget surplus ... $ 2.9 billion .
Canadian banking system ranked best in the world .
105,000 new jobs .
Unemployment rate steady at 6.1 % .
GDP increasing at a rate of 0.7 % .
National debt being paid off from increasing tax revenue due to higher employment .
Jack Layton bemoaning the fact that Canada 's labour market is so tight , Alberta has to bring in foreign workers .
Where 's the problem , Chicken Little ?
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-11 2:46:04 PM
JC :
Once you 're in a hole , stop digging .
It 's apparent you 're an economic illiterate , so please stop embarrassing yourself .
Posted by : set you free | 11 - Oct-08 12:14:34 PM
So the questions I raised are n't valid ?
Qualify that ... if you can .
I love how these trained morons make statements like that and give no reasoning whatsoever for such assinine assertations .
Prove yourself !
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-11 3:00:09 PM
Speaking of Ron Paul 's videos -- there 's one on the Yahoo !
Finance homepage ( top right ) right now , titled " Ron Paul : Rescue Plan is ' Not Good ' "
http://finance.yahoo.com/
or
http://cosmos.bcst.yahoo.com/up/player/popup/?rn=289004&cl=10144272&src=finance&ch=1316259
:-)
- AK
Posted by : AK | 2008-10-11 3:05:58 PM
" Where 's the problem , Chicken Little ? "
Exactly .
Where 's the problem that requires a $ 25B " backstop " of taxpayer money ?
If the banks and their mortgage portfolios are so secure than where are all the private investors lining up to guarantee them on their own initiative and dime ?
For example , how much have the armchair economists on this blog who are poo-pooing Ron Paul and the like * personally * invested in bank stocks lately ?
How much have they borrowed using their own property and good name as security , in order to take advantage of this once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to score big by betting against the financial apocalypse ?
Sounds like either the sky is falling , or someone is using the public 's vague impression that the sky is falling to pull a very fast and smooth one and get a LOT of free insurance on someone else 's dime .
Posted by : Turkie Lurkie | 2008-10-11 4:20:27 PM
JC :
The $ 850 billion in the US was for what were termed ‘ toxic ' loans .
In other words , it was unlikely they would ever be paid out .
The US taxpayer basically will have their taxes raised $ 850 billion for a good intention gone wrong .
Although the goal of ‘ equal opportunity of home ownership for every American ' is admirable , there was political pressure in Congress and advocacy pressure by ACORN exerted upon the lenders .
Like anything , the road to hell was paved with good intentions .
At the crisis point , it was no surprise that people who did not qualify as good credit risks were unable to make payments on their mortgage .
The Canadian banking system , best in the world , did not indulge itself in this type of ‘ social equality ' loans .
Canadian banking practise is solid , with ability to repay an important consideration before a cent is given to the borrower .
Therefore , the mortgage system insured by CMHC is solid and shows no more than the usual percentage of potential default .
In the US , bad loans represent a growing percentage of portfolios .
Combined with a spike in oil prices , people who were living payday to payday found it increasingly harder to pay their loans .
Housing prices had been artificially inflated about the long - term inflation line due to the influx of unqualified borrowers ... as per the classic supply / demand curve .
Combined with the fact US taxpayers can write off mortgage interest against their income tax , which created an incentive for an irresponsible consumer society .
Once house prices started coming down due to the fact more people could not afford their mortgage payments , more and more Americans found themselves in houses in which they owed more money than the house was worth .
As more and more bad ( or toxic ) loans showed up on the books of US lenders , their ability to give out more credit became more limited .
Canada has neither the taxpayer writeoff incentive or the housing instability due to falling prices in its financial structure .
The fact Canadian banks did not indulge in these risky lending practises is the main reason the banking system is considered the best in the world .
Yet , since financial markets are intertwined internationally , Canada was not immune to what 's referred to as the credit crunch .
The $ 25 billion transferred onto the books of the CMHC represent totally safe loans and was just an accounting procedure .
In the US , Congress had to approve the $ 850 billion of debt it was loading up on the US taxpayers .
Curiously , a higher percentage of Democrats in both the House of Representatives and the Senate voted in favour of putting the taxpayer on the hook , even though they blamed Wall Street greed for the problem .
In Canada , the issue did not have to be approved by the House , since it did not involve the expenditure of any taxpayers ' dollars .
If it had , the opposition parties would be howling .
That 's about as simple an explanation as I can offer .
Any questions on any of the points brought out here ?
Intelligent ones only , please .
The important thing is to move away from economic ignorance and to understand how these things work .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-11 4:30:19 PM
I have good suggestion may be funny though
or may be hidden we can do that who knows :
USA has 10 trillion debth
listen how they can find the solution is so easy
plus
we have 7 to 10 rich country in the world who ruled the rest as third world
include Canada with 1 trillion debt
due to too much war we can asked them to print more money for all and happy ended story
who can stop them
they can do once every 100 years for politicla reasons
just tell Bush print 40 trillion american US paper money in their bank it is only piece of paper realy call it money
then get 10 trillion to bank owe to US anthoer 9 to other 9 rich country include pay debt of Harper too
20 trilion print money new for USA and 9 more rich country we put Canada while canada is not rich country anyway
and 20 trillion print money for third world country
wiht more or less every body back to zero or close to plus number and start all over again
or made all norht america one currency
like europe used one currency now or any other solution
creat more job
stop rich company stop small new innovation compnaied or do ot let mid compnay grow as well
we need secure stock run by government in few resource such as energy cna be us by govment and some prive together as secure investment
then choose 100 poor counties in map in middle east include Iraq and afgan and pay each 200 bilion in totoal of all 100 third world we will give them another 20 trilion to rebuilt thier county and pay hunger put all muslim included that 100 to stop them enter in any war qand busy them for rebuilt their country instead
made minimum wage food on table rent or house for all peopel in world and if some one look or ask more let do some motivation and freedom by border not those crook criminla in USA are too much fraud can bother all world since americna are gridy and let them step back from enterfer in other country security
let peopl has life and happy ended story
the bank are happy all economict harper - bush become happy and bank start borrow more
and made three stock
one stock for government for secure one for people above 40 years old with interst of 5 %
one FOR LARG COMPANY STOCK
one for small new innovation stock
one for mid medium business ready to grow
matter of problmes of recesion by print paper money will resolve ane execuse of war will help this job done hay plus bush can do any thing
remeber in his vote
Posted by : new | 2008-10-11 4:39:52 PM
Any questions on any of the points brought out here ?
Intelligent ones only , please .
The important thing is to move away from economic ignorance and to understand how these things work .
Posted by : set you free | 11 - Oct-08 4:30:19 PM
That 's a valid observation all the way around .
And not one bit of it is in any way at all news to me .
I 'm not as illiterate as you 'd like to think you see .
My problem is that I simply disagree with the way things are presently done .
I see this system as generally predatory and corrupt .
It starts right at the beginning for me ... with government issued currency .
Not an altogether bad thing provided it is done with integrity and with regard to the actual value of that currency .
I do n't believe that it is though .
I think we have an " old boy " system of corporate elitists and high level politicians who are able to manipulate this system of finance for their own well being and with complete disregard for people in general as anything but sources of income .
Basically its financial " fuedalism " and I 'd like to see it change to a system with more accountibility and oversight .
Thanks for taking the time to explain your position / thinking .
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-11 5:01:31 PM
JC :
There 's only one course for you to take .
Run for office and see how your ideas play in the marketplace .
If you want accountability and oversight in the financial markets , there 's no better place it 's practised than in Canada .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-11 5:13:22 PM
I was feeling smug because I 'm in a cash situation , then someone had to go and spoil it by bringing up inflation .
We 're all going to get bloody this time .
Canada may have the most stable banking system , but they 're still too loose with mortgages for my liking .
Thank the conservatives for putting a stop to 40 year mortgages , but 5 % is still too small a down payment .
It 's not that long ago that first time buyers had to save for at least 5 years to buy a house .
We bought that house to live in , not to build a portfolio around .
We need to be re-educated on the basics of personal finances , and I think we 're in for a crash course .
With all the focus on home mortgages , nobody 's talking about student loans .
Is it going to get tougher to finance an education ?
Will tuitions have to drop ?
Taxpayers will be on the hook for that too .
My plan is to bribe an Indian Chief into swearing that my kids are 1/8 Mic Mac .
Hard times require outside the box solutions .
Posted by : dp | 2008-10-11 5:47:07 PM
JC :
There 's only one course for you to take .
Run for office and see how your ideas play in the marketplace .
If you want accountability and oversight in the financial markets , there 's no better place it 's practised than in Canada .
Posted by : set you free | 11 - Oct-08 5:13:22 PM
I would agree that we do pretty well here in Canada as compared to most other nations .
And you are n't the first person to suggest I run for office .
I 've even considered it .
But my wife ( sinse May ) has told me that if I want to go down that road ... I 'm going alone .
But if I ever get Divorced !
I 'm going for it !
lol
Posted by : set you free | 11 - Oct-08 5:13:22 PM
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-11 7:55:33 PM
But if I ever get Divorced !
I 'm going for it !
lol
Posted by : set you free | 11 - Oct-08 5:13:22 PM
Posted by : JC | 11 - Oct-08 7:55:33 PM
Ooops !
one cut and paste too many .
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-11 7:56:27 PM
JC :
If you ever run for politics , there 's much to be said for original ideas .
Cut and paste do n't cut it .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-11 9:02:47 PM
Then why does the government need to inject 25B in " thin air " dollars to the " solid " banking system ?
And who is actually paying for it ?
~JC | 11 - Oct-08 8:59:07 AM
You mean the Canadian government that owes the Banks $ 480 Billion CDN in national debt has " injected " ( repayed ) $ 25 Billion back to those same Banks that is owes $ 480 Billion to ?
Oh , the HORROR !!!
( and just to restore liquidity and confindence in the Canadian dollar too the farging basticles - have they no shame )
Do n't Timothy McVeigh wannabes like you , JC , believe in paying your debts ?
Posted by : Speller | 2008-10-11 11:23:06 PM
I am ecstatic to have found the Western Standard !
It seems that at least some of our brothers and sisters to the north understand liberty and freedom , and call socialists , socialists !
This is all going to end very , very badly if the people do n't stop the politicians and their buddy 's the banksters
Posted by : Habman | 2008-10-12 6:46:26 AM
Show your outrage at the what the Federal Reserve has done to the American Economy .
Sign and comment on the Abolish the Federal Reserve Petition at
http://www.petitiononline.com/fed/petition.html
Posted by : Ron Holland | 2008-10-12 8:10:58 AM
Do n't Timothy McVeigh wannabes like you , JC , believe in paying your debts ?
Posted by : Speller | 11 - Oct-08 11:23:06 PM
That 's completely uncalled for and very very low ... but then that 's what you are is n't it ?
Low !
You mean the Canadian government that owes the Banks $ 480 Billion CDN in national debt has " injected " ( repayed ) $ 25 Billion back to those same Banks that is owes $ 480 Billion to ?
And sinse the government produces nothing , how can " it " pay back anything ... Dumbass .
That 's our tax dollars your talking about .
Thanks Speller , I love it when a moron gives me the opportunity to point out things like that .
Have another small minded day . :)
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-12 9:38:13 AM
JC :
$ 25 billion of strong mortages in the most solid banking system in the world .
Cost to Canadian taxpayer for what 's essentially an accounting move ... zero .
$ 1.5 trillion in ‘ toxic loans ' in the US thanks to the stupidity of social justice mortgages encouraged by politicians on both sides of the House .
Cost to the US taxpayer ... $ 850 billion and counting .
Housing prices in Canada ... holding steady .
Housing prices in US ... a comparable one to my $ 450,000 house in Phoenix can be had for $ 50,000 .
Why are US house prices plunging and Canadian house prices holding fairly steady ?
Politically - correct lending practises south of the border coming back to bite the financial system .
Thanks USA .
Your road to hell was paved with good intentions .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-12 10:22:41 AM
No , no JC : Nothing 's wrong , everything is great .
The government is injecting $ 25B into the economy .
This wo n't cause inflation .
This is all normal .
These dopes are n't even suspicious .
Everything will be fine as long as our buddy Steve is in charge .
Willing rubes .
Posted by : attitude | 2008-10-12 11:44:58 AM
The fact that no one sees the Rothchilds , Morgans , Walbergs , and an array of Zionist are rapidly changing the world as you know it , into A NEW WORLD ORDER , by manipulation of the highest government officials in the most powerful countries of the world , has got to be the real joke .
This planned burst of the bubble now lowered the economy of USA and Europe simultaneously .
This in turn will ripple around the world causing all the ecomys to drop .
Once the paper dollar is worthless the introduction of the ET ( electronic transactions - RFID ) will be right there to protect the people that have any net worth left .
You jerks better wakeup and revelotion against the people as mentioned at the top of this comment .
Just think , Mayer Rothchild been stealing $ from the world all his life .
Enough to pay every man woman and child on the planet 73,000 US Dollars , a total of 500 trillion .
Th greed is way too much and needs to be cut down .
The world is headded for the worse dictatoral govenment of all time .
Stop the Bank Bailouts___ it 's just transfering wealth to the rich and eliete .
Posted by : George | 2008-10-12 3:44:09 PM
About 5 month ago i started to do blogging
and say my opion about problmes I saw in canada then in world and mostly related to unfair act and opion about Muslim and espcially Muslim canadian
soon I noticed while i said so many good ideas 99 % of ideas was taken soon by main stream medias and newspapers and global and mail and etc , ,
not becuase i was favor of them really !
now i noticed my ideas go to world politician desk recently
http://www.reportonbusiness.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20081012.wbankseurope13/BNStory/Business/home
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20081012.wimf1012/BNStory/Front
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20081012.wworldbank1012/BNStory/Front
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20081012.wbankskoring1013/BNStory/Front
which i said this ideas few month ago
any way
I took 5 economic course in universtiy and
so many math courses and know the business view and problmes in Canada
while i still have problems in English like Mr. Dion I am joking this one
next steps is now
to after banking and all money borrow get rid of it to fix the problems among
all level of business in world
import export and local business
and not let big company interfer in small company in illegal compettion and steal each other buisness
while there is way open that small can go mid and if they are lucky to join big company
still big compnay has not right to smash small conmpanies
and as the final of my message I am working in this month of october to made sure
people know how much big company did damages small company by interupt their business
while never let me tell you NEVER big company able to do ANY thing small but with brain of new innovation can do it
I hope in almost final of my message this option is open to public is warning for all citizen in all world that each single of us and our act is count and every body illegal act will affect our next person and our neighbours
people must particiapte in politic as part of life to let people get free of all nonsense we saw in past 20 years in world
we can be happier if we put so many differnces apart and focus in main issues and find real solution to today problmes rather than choose war and fight and legal action to ask our right
I am sure world find correct direction and move more forward but still we need more honest poltician to work for usa nd inform us with problms before it get worst and let
elected people to made real direction to get recommanded not made majority of power of abosolute dictorship to have power and misused our money in world and we pay pentality for them
we can do once but we are not stupid to let this happend one more time again
attention future leader of country or local leaders :
we all people are watching you this time
just behave well and do not trick us again
thank you to my parents who sent me to the best schools and universities it helped while my job is not to stay here long
Posted by : new | 2008-10-12 11:39:13 PM
In this video the Reserve Banker says that the Reserve Bank had long ago sold its Gold reserves .
Assuming that most western reserve banks have done the same thing , I have a question .
Who was all that gold sold " to " ?
And where is it now ?
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-13 9:20:09 AM
JC :
Once again , you prove your economic illiteracy .
The US went off the gold standard in the early ' 70s and the rest of the world followed .
We 're in a fiat currency system , that is , a currency backed up by confidence in government 's ability to maintain confidence .
Gold was sold off to the private market and its price is now determined by supply and demand .
Posted by : set you free | 2008-10-13 10:22:44 AM
Gee set ... good thing your not a teacher I guess .
If you were , everytime someone asked a question you would start your answer by telling them how stupid they are .
How very egotistic and arrogant of you .
So all that gold is just floating around on the free matrket now ?
Bull .
I do n't believe that for a minute .
have a good day . :)
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-13 12:21:19 PM
So all that gold is just floating around on the free matrket now ?
Bull .
I do n't believe that for a minute .
have a good day . :)
Posted by : JC | 13 - Oct-08 12:21:19 PM
Actually there never really was any gold reserves .
It 's just an elaborate hoax by the Illuminati , the Masons , the Council on Foreign Relations , the Bilderberg Group , the Bohemian Grove Group , and other members of the " New World Order " to fool libertarians like you .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-10-13 1:16:23 PM
Central banks are still major holders of gold , they just do n't keep as much of it anymore .
Modern fiat currencies have no tie to gold , but are based on a government 's ability to pay its debts , normally through taxation .
The Federal Reserve has been selling off gold , while the Bank of China has been buying it , but much of the gold sold by Central banks ends up in private hands .
While the price of gold is largely determined by market forces , because they are such big players in the gold market and because it affects their monetary policy , central banks ( which are extra- market institutions ) manipulate the prices as well .
George , I 'm going to try to reason with you , though this may prove futile .
I think you overestimate the competence of these banksters .
Yes , if they had studied sound economic theory they would have known they were creating a bubble , but in their hubris they really thought that they knew how to make a paper standard as good as gold .
I know that historically the Rothschilds have played a major role in the BoE and other central banks and that the Morgans have been beneficiaries of Fed policy .
What evidence is there that they are particularly zionist , or driven by zionism rather than simple greed ?
In the absence of any evidence , why single out these families from among the huge financial and political elite who benefit from central banking ?
Why would I think that they are in charge ?
It looks to me like noone is in charge at all .
Posted by : Kalim Kassam | 2008-10-13 2:33:42 PM
While the price of gold is largely determined by market forces , because they are such big players in the gold market and because it affects their monetary policy , central banks ( which are extra- market institutions ) manipulate the prices as well .
Posted by : Kalim Kassam | 13 - Oct-08 2:33:42 PM
Oh do explain how central banks " manipulate " the price .
And also explain why they do it .
Bear in mind that the largest holder of gold reserves is the US with about $ 250 billion .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-10-13 2:54:29 PM
Stig ,
Start here : http://www.gata.org/node/6242
Posted by : Kalim Kassam | 2008-10-13 4:18:44 PM
Stig ,
Start here : http://www.gata.org/node/6242
Posted by : Kalim Kassam | 13 - Oct-08 4:18:44 PM
Bwahahahahaha .
And I 'll end there .
COMEX ended price fluctuation limits on gold several years ago so you can get wild swings in the price .
The markets determine the price of gold , which is n't what conspiracy theorists want to hear .
Posted by : The Stig | 2008-10-13 4:43:28 PM
Actually there never really was any gold reserves .
It 's just an elaborate hoax by the Illuminati , the Masons , the Council on Foreign Relations , the Bilderberg Group , the Bohemian Grove Group , and other members of the " New World Order " to fool libertarians like you .
Posted by : The Stig | 13 - Oct-08 1:16:23 PM
Just another sarcastic ( statist ) idiot .
Posted by : JC | 2008-10-13 5:09:59 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Text size
ANNA SCHWARTZ , CO - AUTHOR WITH Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman of the seminal A Monetary History of the United States , has worked with the National Bureau of Economic Research since 1941 , and remains an adjunct professor emeritus at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York .
About to turn 93 , she has spent most of her professional life studying how the changes in money supply interact with inflation -- both within the United States and abroad .
" The chief problem is that the Treasury can responsibly provide capital only to solvent institutions , but should not recapitalize insolvent institutions .
The current program offers no way of determining who is solvent and who is insolvent , " says monetary authority Anna Schwartz .
Gary Spector for Barron's
When it comes to the unprecedented lending by the Federal Reserve Bank under Chairman Ben Bernanke and new and untested programs from the Treasury and its head , Henry Paulson , she does n't like what she sees .
Her prescription : Stop managing by press release .
The federal government needs to turn off the liquidity spigot and quarantine bad assets .
Ad hoc program announcements have only undermined faith in the U.S. financial system , in her view , and , if continued , could raise fears that ultimately threaten the U.S. financial system .
Here are more of her provocative thoughts on the current crisis .
Barron's : Professor Schwartz , what are your regrets about the government 's handling of the credit crisis ?
Schwartz :
If I regret one thing , it 's that Milton Friedman is n't alive to see what 's happening today .
It 's like the only lesson the Federal Reserve took from the Great Depression was to flood the market with liquidity .
Well , it is n't working .
Professor Friedman would have enough stature to get them to listen and stop pooh - poohing any notion of possible inflation .
It is also regrettable that the Shadow Open Market Committee is no longer active .
It was a group of private economists that until two years ago met semi-annually to comment on policy actions of the U.S. monetary authorities .
If the group were issuing policy statements too , they would be providing the public with an independent judgment on the merits or shortcomings of the authorities .
So you find today 's policymaking frustrating ?
It 's like there 's a bunch of guys that are making it up as they go along .
They talk about transparency and what they present is opacity , programs that do n't make sense , or are not yet fully laid out .
This only increases the already high level of uncertainty and anxiety .
Disclosure 's a problem .
With the bailouts of Bear Stearns , AIG , and the failure of Lehman Brothers , we have yet to receive a full explanation of the reasons for either rescuing the banks or , in the case of Lehman , letting them fail .
Why did the Fed rescue Bear Stearns , yet let Lehman Brothers go under ?
There 's clearly not enough disclosure to show if they are approaching the problem in a systematic manner or are playing favorites .
Who knows ?
These unanswered questions only add to the fear in the system .
Accountability , or its absence , is a theme of yours .
Indeed .
The Federal Reserve has used its balance sheet in ways never before seen , leveraging it by 25 % .
It now lends to banks and brokerage firms and companies in a series of programs ranging from the support of asset - backed paper , money funds , the London offices of Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch , and also AIG .
These programs come on top of the TARP [ Troubled Asset Relief Program ] passed in Congress this month .
Do you believe that the real problem comes not so much from troubled mortgages but the inability of banks to price securities they have created in the secondary market ?
The problem comes from the introduction of new instruments and the difficulty in pricing these securities or pools of mortgages .
The trouble is that mortgage pools are made of good , bad and insufficient mortgages , and it 's hard to name a price .
To make matters worse , the rating agencies were used to rate the securities .
And they came up with ratings in an arbitrary manner without really doing due diligence .
Now no one has any idea of how to price these securities .
And the rating agencies are lowering the ratings on some of the instruments to which they have given top grade .
Another spinoff from mortgage - backed securities is credit - default swaps .
There was no way of evaluating what effect a downturn would have on the derivatives markets and their counterparties .
Few who deal in the derivatives market have a clear notion of their responsibilities .
We have a bewildering array of instruments with uncertain prices .
And as a result , we do n't know who 's solvent and who 's not .
The problem comes from a lack of ability to price the instruments , not a lack of liquidity .
Evidence of the banks ' unwillingness to lend can be seen in the most basic Federal Reserve statistics , which show that in the week ended Oct. 1 , the banks had $ 167 billion of balances with the Federal Reserve , whereas on July 2 there was only $ 14 billion .
Clearly the banks are holding the money and failing to pass it on in new consumer loans and business , preferring instead the safety of the vault .
So the trouble comes from not knowing the shape and size of the players and the exposures they have in various markets .
We also need to learn whether or not security holders are responsible for their counterparties .
How do you coordinate rescue programs both domestically and overseas ?
We arguably have an obligation to help clean up Europe because we persuaded investors there to buy these securities , because of their high ratings , and they 've been left high and dry .
The Federal Reserve 's recent creation of " unlimited " billions of dollars in currency - swap lines to central banks like the Bank of England , Bank of Japan , the European Central Bank and the National Bank of Switzerland helps in this regard .
These institutions arguably assist the various rescues without necessarily having to sell dollars to raise the available funds .
But there 's too little information about how these loans are being made .
For what duration , and on what terms .
Transparency will only serve to increase faith that the measures are occurring in the open .
But you contend that the most work needs to done on the Paulson plan .
The $ 700 billion Paulson package represents further problems because of the ad hoc way it seems to be cobbled together .
Originally the hope was that the program could absorb all the bad assets on the balance sheets of banks so they could start over .
No one has come up with an exact program for dealing with the bad assets once the Treasury buys them .
How are they going to price the assets that the Treasury ultimately purchases ?
No one has come up with a way to price these new securities .
Now , however , the bad - asset programs seem to have been set aside in favor of a program to recapitalize financial institutions .
But wo n't all these multi-billion - dollar programs in time create inflation ?
Up until the middle of 2008 the Federal Reserve balance sheet had not experienced an annual growth rate well above the traditional 5 % .
Since mid-summer , Fed credit appears to have ballooned greatly , and that 's behind the upward pressure in the consumer price index .
The Fed pooh - poohs inflation because of a perceived slowdown in oil and gas prices .
But theoretically any increase in the monetary base must be met with a tightening if inflation is to be avoided .
Right now the Fed is pursuing a pro-inflation strategy by lowering interest rates and showering the banking system with liquidity .
They 're not even considering inflation .
Paul Volcker learned that success in fighting inflation comes from tightening monetary policy , even if the public holds you responsible for disinflation .
Is there anything to like about the Paulson plan ?
The first real positive sign was the original Paulson package .
It seemed to be a move in the right direction .
But it 's been superceded and is short on specifics .
How were they going to price these assets ?
Who were they going to hire to buy the assets for the federal government ?
Will they be friends of Goldman Sachs , BlackRock ?
There 's precious little detail about how they 're going about this plan .
What about the chance of holdouts ?
And what does the government do with the paper once it buys it ?
The way you clear up problems in the credit market is through coming up with a clear , understandable plan and then executing it precisely .
Just how high are the stakes ?
My hope is that they will solve the problem by doing a bang - up job .
But there 's already been talk about having to come back for more money .
The risk of being unclear and doing things ad hoc is that you gradually destroy faith in the financial system .
And complete loss of faith leads to the imposition of a bank holiday , the closing down of the system , to reassure the public of the solvency of banks .
We 're not there yet .
But if we keep making things more uncertain , and feeding the fear without minimizing the problems , we could eventually make it so that Americans lose faith in their financial system .
The program now is to recapitalize financial institutions on the questionable premise that the accounting of potentially bad assets on the bank balance sheets is correct and accurate .
The chief problem with this program is that the Treasury can responsibly provide capital only to solvent institutions , but should not recapitalize insolvent institutions .
The current program offers no way of determining who is solvent and who is insolvent .
We have a dilemma .
Thank you , Anna .
7 Disappointing Summer Olympians Aug. 7 by Aaron_Koehn
Some of them fell far short of gold - medal expectations .
Others tainted Olympic victory with illegal drugs or other underhanded methods .
One thing is for sure -- all of them left the games in lesser regard .
7- Russian 1972 Men's Basketball Team
The year was 1972 , and two roundball squads from communist Russia and the Democratic United States were about to decide the fate of the Cold War with a heated game of hoops .
The Americans -- who not only excelled at the sport but who were also given credit for inventing the game -- were heavy favorites , and since the sport 's introduction into the summer games some 30 years prior , they had taken home the gold medal each time .
However , this contest proved to be more challenging and with several seconds left in the game , the Americans found themselves ahead by only one point with the possession arrow pointing to the Reds .
What ensued next is possibly the most infamous three seconds in Cold War basketball history , and it involved a questionable Ruskie timeout , two chances by said comrades to score the final basket ( the second being more successful than the first ) , and a dejected American team 's refusal of the Silver Medal on the basis of cheating .
6- Michelle Smith
When one considers the litany of skills the Irish possess , swimming rarely comes to mind .
So when Ireland 's Michelle Smith made a surprising Gold Medal run during the ' 96 Olympics , much of the world -- including many on the Emerald Isle - - were shocked .
Unfortunately , with Smith 's amazing and unusual results , the world was forced to frequently read and hear the cliche phrase about how she had made Ireland 's collective eyes smile .
However , maybe the Olympic drug testing committee should look into this eye - smilin ' phenomenon as a possible side effect of doping , because this Irish swimmer 's results were incredibly suspicious , especially considering her past times and performances .
Eventually drug testers were sent to Mrs. Smith 's home to perform a random test , and when the results were returned , they found alcohol levels in the urine to be so high it would be fatal if consumed by a human .
Apparently Michelle attempted to mask her sample by adding whiskey to it , and as a result she was suspended for four years .
And that was the only time that whiskey did n't provide a solution to an Irish person 's problems .
5- Sergei Bubka
No one in the world could better use a stick to jump over another highly - placed horizontal stick than one Sergei Bubka .
Except when it came time to compete in the Olympics .
Then pretty much anyone could .
Mr. Bubka was regarded as the most dominate pole vaulter to ever use a pole to vault over things , repeatedly taking first place in international competitions and breaking world records more than 30 times .
Yet every four years when the ol ' Greek Games rolled around , Mr. Bubka would fall flat on his face , literally .
In ' 84 , his country boycotted the games and his pole never left its sheath .
In ' 88 , he won one medal but was one miss away from complete elimination .
In '92 , he failed to clear any height in three attempts , and in '96 he was forced to bow out with an injury to his Achilles Heel .
To this day when an Olympic athlete fails to perform or live up to expectations , it is commonly referred to as being " Bubkaed , " or at least it should be .
4- Mary Decker Slaney & Zola Budd
Having not been able to compete in the 1980 Olympics due to a U.S. boycott , Mary Decker Slaney first saw Olympic Competition in 1984 .
Coming into the ' 84 Olympics , Ms. Slaney had dominated in track and field , setting U.S. and world records in every distance from 800 to 10,000 meters , and she was the heavy favorite in Los Angeles .
Unfortunately , during the 3,000 - meter , she experienced a run-in with a diminutive racer by the name of Zola Budd , resulting in a fall to the track and an Olympics - ending injury to her hip ( said crash and the subsequent injury , followed by a chorus of boos for Ms. Budd can be seen here ) .
In ' 88 , she finished 8th and 10th in her events .
In '92 , prolonged foot injuries hampered her attempts to qualify , and in ' 96 , with her best years behind her , she again came up empty .
However , Mary did manage to serve a cold dish of revenge to Zola Budd in ' 85 when they met again for another 3000 - meter race , the first time they 'd opposed each other since the Olympics .
Decker easily won the race and Budd finished 4th .
3- 2004 Dream Team
You set the bar pretty high when you refer to the team you play on as an amazing nocturnal fantasy .
So when you then fail to perform to the lofty standards you 've established for yourself , do not roll your eyes when someone cleverly refers to your team more accurately as " Nightmare Team . "
In 2004 , a band of professional basketball players who claim residence within the United States confidently strolled onto the hardwood in Athens , Greece , expecting to win gold , and maybe the silver at the same time .
Unfortunately , many other countries , some with populations 100 times smaller than the United States , decided they 'd like to try and claim some of those precious metal medals for themselves , and ultimately they did , beating the Yankee hoopsters repeatedly .
America's " Dream Team " whose most recognizable talent consisted of Allen Iverson , Timothy Duncan , and LeBron James , was beaten three times during the course of the Olympics , and as a result they received the least - liked of the medals : the bronze .
2- Dan and Dave
Riding the success of the recently - released Pump , Reebok took its marketing genius to the next level by selecting two Americans who were shoe-ins ( pun intended ) for the gold medal in Barcelona .
Dan O'Brien and Dave Johnson were heralded as the two best decathletes in the world , and as a result , Reebok " pumped " 25 million dollars into an ad campaign to promote the future success of these super sportsmen .
However , when it came time to qualify against other measly American peons who did n't have shoe deals , O'Brien " no- heighted " on the pole vault resulting in a failure to qualify , and Johnson stress - fractured his left foot .
Ultimately , Dave did receive a bronze medal in the decathlon , but with the pre-Olympic hype predicting a new platinum medal to be invented and awarded to the winner of this two - man competition , the " least - liked medal " was a huge disappointment .
1- Sally Robbins
There 's an old sports adage that goes : " Quitters never win and winners never quit . "
However , if Sally Robbins had coined the phrase , it might read more like : " Quitters are never tired and winners always are . "
During the last 600 meters of the 2004 Women 's 8 ( a team rowing event ) , a bushed Sally Robbins decided that instead of further exerting herself in what appeared to be a losing effort , she would conserve her energy for the post - race press conference .
As her team struggled to keep up with the now distancing boats ahead , Sally dropped her oar and laid her head back into the lap of the teammate behind her .
And there she stayed until the conclusion of the race .
To this day no one knows the exact reason Sally Robbins laid down , and she 's never offered an explanation , but what we are sure of is that her team finished dead last as a result of her recumbent , no - oar - in - hand rowing technique and the country of Australia never forgave the idle rower for it .
Oddly enough , on Rowing Australia 's athletes profile page , Robbins ' personal motto states : " Never Surrender the Dream . "
Tags
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson needs to change his reading list .
Instead of reading the balance sheets and income statements of the failing banking industry , he needs to read Henry Hazlitt 's classic book Economics in One Lesson .
It will cost Paulson far less than the $ 700 billion that he is spending on the bailout , and he might just learn a little economics in the process .
Hazlitt delivers his " one lesson " in chapter 1 , and proceeds to spend the rest of the book giving examples .
His lesson , based on the work of Frédéric Bastiat , is that " the art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy ; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups . "
For example , in chapter 2 , Hazlitt delivers the well - known " broken window fallacy " in which a hoodlum breaks a shopkeeper 's window with a rock .
The common folk see it as a tragedy , but an astute Washington bureaucrat could argue that it creates new jobs for glaziers .
As Hazlitt points out , though , any resources that the shopkeeper spends on the new window would have been used elsewhere , perhaps for a new suit .
So while the glazier gets new business , the tailor loses the same amount of business .
There is no net benefit ; in fact there is a net loss .
Absent the hoodlum , the shopkeeper would have had both a window and a new suit ; given the hoodlum , the shopkeeper has a window but no suit .
Even though the damage was to the window , it is the suit that is lost to the shopkeeper and , hence , to society .
In chapter 6 , entitled " Credit Diverts Production , " Hazlitt discusses government lending policies , such as additional credit to farmers or business owners .
However , he points out , the recipients of such programs are rarely the more - productive farmers and business owners .
After all , the more - productive people are able to borrow their money from private lenders .
It is only the less - productive individuals and firms , unable to get funds on the free market , that must turn to government .
For example , suppose that there is a farm for sale .
A private lender would normally be willing to lend money to farmer A who has proven his abilities in the past , rather than to farmer B , who has demonstrated a lower level of productivity than has A .
However , because government taxes citizens or borrows money itself in capital markets , private lenders have fewer funds available to lend to A. Instead , government lends the money to B on the grounds that B is underprivileged , in need of a hand , or some other politically based argument .
The more productive borrower , A , loses out on the scarce land while the less productive borrower , B , gains the resources .
Because the less - productive individual acquires the scarce resource , there will be less total production , and the entire society is worse off .
Further , Hazlitt states , the government takes bigger risks with taxpayers ' money than private lenders take with their own money .
Private lenders who make bad loans will go bankrupt and be forced out of business .
But when the government gets involved , it lends funds for riskier ventures since the bureaucrats who approve the loan face no personal recriminations — much less loss of profit — for error .
In other words , private lenders would take Action A while government lenders would take Action B , and Action B is the less - productive path .
After all , there is no need for government to take Action A : it can be handled quite well in the free market .
So it is with the current rash of bailouts .
Whatever the final price tag — $ 500 billion , $ 750 billion , $ 1 trillion , more — the fact is that government gets its money either from taxes , borrowing , or the printing press .
It is hard to raise taxes by $ 1 trillion on short notice , and since there is a small hurdle that slows the government 's ability to print the money , we know that government will issue bonds .
In other words , government will borrow the money from private capital markets .
As Hazlitt points out , though , the private capital markets ( those that are n't bankrupt and standing in line for a bailout ) would otherwise lend their funds to more - productive ventures .
If private capital wants to lend directly to the failing banks , it is already capable of doing so .
The fact that such private capital is not lending to the banks is a clear indication that the government 's current bailout is contrary to free - market principles .
The argument that the government is somehow pumping new capital into the market is absurd .
Government is actually borrowing the money from the capital markets that it is in turn injecting into the capital markets .
There is no additional source of funding ; there is only a diversion of funds from more - productive outlets to less - productive outlets , with government acting as the middleman .
So when Henry Paulson argues that it is necessary to pump money into credit markets to prevent them from freezing up , he does n't bother to realize that the money he pumps into the credit markets is coming directly out of the very same credit markets .
He is doing little more than rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic ; shuffling the money from one set of financial intermediaries to another does not increase either liquidity or solvency .
It merely delays the problem for a few brief moments .
Even the failing banks pay lip service to their fiduciary responsibility , but any privately funded firm that took money from more - productive people to give it to less - productive people would soon go out of business .
Only the government can violate Hazlitt 's logic and survive , because only government can socialize its losses through the tax system .
ST . PAUL , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin came out swinging Wednesday night , but it 's going to take more than just fighting words to win over the independent and undecided voters who hold the election in their hands .
Gov. Sarah Palin's speech Wednesday night fired up Republican delegates .
Palin's speech at the Republican National Convention marked her first major address as the Republican vice presidential candidate .
The Alaska governor tore into Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama as two - faced , arrogant and unable to lead while she painted Republican candidate John McCain as courageous reformer who is ready to take charge .
Her prime time address was full of humor and sarcasm .
Her tone was a hit with delegates watching in St. Paul , Minnesota , but it did n't resonate well with everyone outside of the Republican circle .
" She came across as angry and overconfident , " said Kuntal Warwick , an independent voter from King of Prussia , Pennsylvania .
Palin had little to say about policy , and her speech was full " of smugness and mockery , " Warwick said .
Independents like Warwick , combined with voters who have yet to make up their mind , are the ones who could decide who ends up in the White House .
Watch what iReporters think about the speech »
" The base of the Democratic and Republican parties -- their votes are predictable , " said John Avlon , author of " Independent Nation : How Centrists Can Change American Politics . "
" It 's the swing voters who decide who 's going to carry the balance of power , who will ultimately win that election state - by - state and even nationwide . "
Avlon did n't have a problem with Palin 's tone .
He said her humor and confidence will probably appeal to the independents , but it 's the lack of substance that will leave that group in search of something more .
Grade the speech »
Independent voters tend to be fiscally conservative and socially liberal , and they usually vote for the more centrist candidates .
iReport.com : What do you think of Palin ?
Palin 's speech touched on her fiscal record , but her far - right stance on social issues , which Avlon says " could be a real wedge with independent voters , " were largely unmentioned .
Watch analysts discuss the good , the bad and the ugly »
" I think she has really helped close the enthusiasm gap which existed and really energized them , " Avlon said , but " there is a substance gap that still exists , things we do n't know about Sarah Palin in terms of what policy she supports . "
Palin 's zingers got the crowd on its feet .
The Republican delegates watching at the convention crowned her the " quintessential American . "
Kansas state Sen. Karin Brownlee said Palin " can do a one - two punch better than Muhammad Ali , " and Utah state Sen .
Mark Madsen said the speech would leave Obama and running mate Joe Biden " quaking in their boots . "
Even the Obama campaign gave her kudos for delivering a " tremendous speech , " but the campaign said her bare - knuckled approach could come at a cost .
" A lot of people came in not knowing who she was , and I think whenever a political candidate makes a speech that is heavy with contrast like last night 's was , that is going to move people to your side , and it 's going to move people away from you .
That 's not a zero- sum game , " said Robert Gibbs , Obama 's communications chief .
Instead of running a " NoBama " campaign , Avlon says , McCain and Palin need to remind independents why they liked McCain so much during his 2000 presidential run .
This time around , they need to sell the story of a team of mavericks , unafraid of charging into Washington as independent reformers , he said .
During his last White House run , McCain was known as a maverick who challenged the Republican - led Congress on overspending , corruption and campaign finance reform .
CNN contributor Paul Begala said that Palin is the " new hero of the Republican right " but that her attack - dog style was n't what the independents and swing voters want to hear .
" They 're very impressed with Barack Obama 's appeal for healing and unity .
And what they really want to vote on is health care , jobs , the economy ; basic middle - class kitchen - table issues , " he said .
But Stephen Hayes , a senior writer with The Weekly Standard , said she might have what it takes to woo voters to her side .
" You look at the kinds of arguments she was making last night .
A lot of the arguments went back to the narrative that Republicans are trying to battle about Barack Obama being elitist , about him being too -- caring too much about himself , not enough about his country .
" It could be a pretty effective line of attack , especially if she can deliver it with a smile , " he said .
But looking back to the last election , it 's not a method that worked well for John Kerry .
His attempts to motivate people on the basis of being anti-Bush backfired , and Avlon says the same thing will happen to McCain and Palin if they fuel their campaign with negativity .
Her impact on the independents and undecideds will depend on what storyline those voters believe , Avlon said .
" Will they see this as just a political selection on the part of McCain ? " he asked .
" Or will they see this appointment as I think the McCain camp would like to see it , which is a reform governor who is a fiscal conservative who rooted out corruption in her own party ? "
CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Republican Party
About Fausto Fernós
Fausto Fernós is the host of iTunes ’ # 1 LGBT talk show , the Feast of Fun podcast , which he produces and hosts with his partner , Marc Felion .
Born in San Juan , Puerto Rico , Fausto Fernós created the Feast of Fools in 1998 as wacky artists variety show in Chicago , Illinois .
Feast of Fun grew out of an audio blog to promote the live show into the world ’s most downloaded talk show aimed for gay people .
When he ’s not blogging , recording or sleeping , Fausto can be found at the gym or appreciating the beauty found in nature .
View all entries by Fausto Fernós
Becky Hogge from the Open Rights Group sez ,
I 've just come back from Parliament Square in London , where about 30 of us have spent the morning building a giant picture of Prime Minister Gordon Brown out of photos of CCTV cameras and other surveillance state ephemera .
Take a look at some of the photos of the day ( http://www.flickr.com/search/?w=all&q=FnFBigPicture&m=tags) – it looks fantastic ( and the great weather helped ! )
Last week , Boing Boing helped us put out a call for people to capture the database state on their cameras .
Today , to celebrate an international day of action for democracy , privacy and free speech , we put those images together into a huge 4 m x 6 m collage , depicting a very Big - Brother - esque Gordon Brown against a background of barbed wire , handcuffs and double helices .
Our message was that although as individuals we only see incremental invasions of our privacy , put together , these creeping changes constitute a wholesale shift towards a society predicated not on freedom , but on fear .
As you can see from the photos of the event , despite the seriousness of our message , we had a lot of fun delivering it to Parliament .
Thanks to Christopher Scally for artwork and Tom Ackers for coordinating the collage , and to everyone who contributed photos of surveillance state ephemera , or turned up the day to help us build the " Big Picture " .
Alan Moore 's initial outline for Watchmen was already more than Dave Gibbons ' could have imagined ' , but it went on to become one of the greatest graphic novels of all time .
Here we present preliminary designs and early sketches which chart the development of their alternate reality
Meet the JavaScript Development Toolkit
A JavaScript Eclipse plug - in wants to hold your hand ; it wo n't be long before you 're productive with JavaScript
From the developerWorks archives
Bradley Childs
|
The JavaScript Development Toolkit ( JSDT ) is an open source plug - in that brings robust JavaScript programming tools to the Eclipse platform .
JSDT streamlines development , simplifies code , and increases productivity for pure JavaScript source files and JavaScript embedded in HTML .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
てんかんという脳の病気は発作を繰り返す病気なのですが、脳の神経細胞に突然発生する興奮によって発作を起こしてしまうのです。
大脳に突然発生する電気的な興奮はどのようなことがきっかけになるのかわからない場合が多く、いつ発症するのかわからないのです。
発作の内容としては突然意識を失ってしまう、体がガクガクと痙攣してしまう、一定の間意識がないような状態が続くといった症状があります。
てんかんを発症する年齢としては3歳以下の乳児期と成人、高齢者でも発症します。
3歳以下が多いのですがこの年齢で発症した場合は治癒することがあります。
成人になって発症するような場合や高齢者になってから発症する場合は治癒することが難しく、薬によって発作が起こらないようにします。
成人や高齢者のてんかんの原因は脳になんらかの障害を起こしてしまったために発症することが多く、脳炎や脳梗塞、脳出血、頭を強打したような場合に発症します。
成人や高齢者のてんかんもいつ発症するかわからないということと、意識を失ってしまうことが多いため車の運転なども制限が出てくることになります。
事実、事故も発生している状況でもありきちんと医師が判断して診断書を書いてもらう必要があり、それまでは車の運転はできません。
てんかんの治療はまず発作を抑える薬を飲み続けます。
強い発作を起こしてしまうとより脳に負担をかけてしまうことにもなります。
てんかんはその原因や種類によって治るものと治らないものがあります。
それは脳の傷がなくなるわけではないので、薬を飲んでいて発作を抑えられていても睡眠不足やストレスなどが原因で発作を起こしてしまうこともあります。
ますは医師とよく相談をして長い目で治療を続けることが大切です。
Judge Richard J. Leon of Federal District Court in Washington ruled that five Algerian men had been unlawfully held at Guantánamo and ordered their release .
He said : “ Seven years of waiting for our legal system to give them an answer to a question so important is , in my judgment , more than plenty . ”
Of the 770 detainees grabbed here and there and flown to Guantánamo , only 23 have ever been charged with a crime .
Of the more than 500 so far released , many traumatized by those “ enhanced ” techniques , not one has received an apology or compensation for their season in hell .
What they got on release was a single piece of paper from the American government .
A U.S. official met one of the dozens of Afghans now released from Guantánamo and was so appalled by this document that he forwarded me a copy .
Dated Oct. 7 , 2006 , it reads as follows :
“ An Administrative Review Board has reviewed the information about you that was talked about at the meeting on 02 December 2005 and the deciding official in the United States has made a decision about what will happen to you .
You will be sent to the country of Afghanistan .
Your departure will occur as soon as possible . ”
That ’s it , the one and only record on paper of protracted U.S. incarceration : three sentences for four years of a young Afghan ’s life , written in language Orwell would have recognized .
We have “ the deciding official , ” not an officer , general or judge .
We have “ the information about you , ” not allegations , or accusations , let alone charges .
We have “ a decision about what will happen to you , ” not a judgment , ruling or verdict .
This is the lexicon of totalitarianism .
It is acutely embarrassing to the United States .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Japanese scientists have cloned mice whose bodies were frozen for as long 16 years and said on Monday it may be possible to use the technique to resurrect mammoths and other extinct species .
Three generations of cloned mice are shown here .
The second level combines both the second and third generations , demonstrating the magnitude of the process .
REUTERS / Handout
Mouse cloning expert Teruhiko Wakayama and colleagues at the Center for Developmental Biology , at Japan ’s RIKEN research institute in Yokohama , managed to clone the mice even though their cells had burst .
“ Thus , nuclear transfer techniques could be used to ‘ resurrect ’ animals or maintain valuable genomic stocks from tissues frozen for prolonged periods without any cryopreservation , ” they wrote in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Wakayama ’s team used the classic nuclear transfer technique to make their mouse clones .
This involves taking the nucleus out of an egg cell and replacing it with the nucleus of an ordinary cell from the animal to be cloned .
When done with the right chemical or electric trigger , this starts the egg dividing as if it had been fertilized by a sperm .
“ Cloning animals by nuclear transfer provides an opportunity to preserve endangered mammalian species , ” they wrote .
“ However , it has been suggested that the ‘ resurrection ’ of frozen extinct species ( such as the woolly mammoth ) is impracticable , as no live cells are available , and the genomic material that remains is inevitably degraded , ” they said .
DIGGING INTO FREEZERS
Wakayama ’s team dug out some mice that had been kept frozen for years and whose cells were indisputably damaged .
Freezing causes cells to burst and can damage the DNA inside .
Chemicals called cryoprotectants can prevent this but they must be used before the cells are frozen .
They tried using cells from several places and discovered that the brains worked best .
This is a bit of a mystery , as no one has yet cloned any living mouse from a brain cell .
Many animals have been cloned , starting with sheep , and including pigs , cattle , mice and dogs .
Livestock breeders want to use cloning to start elite herds of desirable animals , and doctors want to use cloning technology in human medicine .
“ There is hope in bringing Ted Williams back , after all , ” cloning and stem cell expert John Gearhart of the University of Pennsylvania said in an e-mail .
The family of Williams , the Boston Red Sox hitter , had his body frozen by cryogenics firm Alcor after he died in 2002 .
Gearhart was only half - joking and said the study “ may now stimulate the small industry of freezing parts of us before we die to bring us back in the future . ”
Mammoths may be the extinct animals that scientists would be most likely to try to clone , as many of the animals have been found preserved in ice .
In July 2007 Russian scientists discovered the body of a baby mammoth frozen in the Arctic Yamalo - Nenetsk region for as long as 40,000 years .
“ It remains to be shown whether nuclei can be collected from whole bodies frozen without cryoprotectants and whether they will be viable for use in generating offspring following nuclear transfer , ” Wakayama ’s team wrote .
The 2008 - 09 Blazer Dancer squad was finalized recently and I thought this was some news that no Portland man should be without .
There is a big ol ' slide show at the Trail Blazers website , but a lot of it was junk .
Here are the highlights , or , err ... just take a look .
See , now was n't that fun ?
We spared you all of the boring stuff , like the actually selection process .
More to come , including the final tryout session in super skimpy outfits .
Grr.
______________________________________________________________________
Make sure to follow us on Twitter and subscribe to Blaze of Love for instant updates !
Neoformix is a company that provides services in the creation of custom data visualizations and generative design .
We are currently available for new projects so contact us through Email or Twitter if you are interested .
Neoformix is based in Toronto but our clients are world - wide .
Selected projects are shown on this page or have a look at the Blog to see the latest updates .
I did n't expect this .
I fired up Google 's Web browser , Chrome , expecting very little except a stripped down early beta with a plethora of bugs .
After playing with it for a while , it 's too early to say that I 'm blown away , but I must admit that I 've stumbled onto some impressive feats which show that the team that built Chrome was intelligent , mature and forward - thinking .
Here they are , in no particular order .
1. Blazing fast
Chrome actually uses WebKit for rendering Web pages , the same rendering engine as Safari , which is known to be very fast .
Put that in a simple , well optimized , stripped down shell and you get the fastest Web browser around .
It loads fast , it displays pages fast , and we 're talking noticeable differences here , which really makes it a joy to use .
Do n't just take my word for it , check out some early benchmarks .
2 . Chews code like there 's no tomorrow
This one goes hand in hand with being fast , but it 's a little different .
Today , it 's not all that important for a browser to render a lot of HTML quickly ; browsers are now platforms in which you run applications : two , three , perhaps even a dozen at a time .
Therefore , a good browser can handle dynamic content without stuttering and crashing , and from what I 've seen , Chrome passes the test with flying colors .
True , I have n't had enough time to test this thoroughly , but the folks over at scriptNode have put together some benchmarks and it seems that Chrome not only handles good code well , it also excels at handling errors .
3. Incognito mode
Click the control icon in the upper right corner of the browser and you 'll get the option to open a new tab , a new window , or a new incognito window .
Incognito window will fire up without appearing in browser or search history , and it wo n't leave cookies or any other traces of your activity , except files you 've downloaded or bookmarks .
Yes , Safari has it , too , but it 's a nice jab at Firefox which skipped some similar privacy features in version 3.0 .
4. Easy to switch
When you 're entering a saturated market with a new product , you can't change everything .
You must carefully balance the features you want to blatantly copy with the ones you want to innovate in .
I was pleased to see that Google Chrome was built with this in mind ; for example , it 's easy to switch from Firefox , but it does bring enough novelties to make you stick around .
Importing your bookmarks from Firefox is easy and works well ; and other details , like keyboard shortcuts , are the same .
Therefore , Chrome 's learning curve is virtually non-existent ; start it up and you 'll be browsing as usual in no time .
5 . Intelligent start page
Although not completely original ( Opera has got a similar approach to quick bookmarking ) , Chrome 's start page is a pleasant surprise .
Besides the ubiquitous search bar , it gives you a list of most commonly visited Web pages to fire up quickly .
Granted , I 've always hated suggestions of that ilk ( for example , I 've never , ever used the commonly used programs feature in Windows ) , but here it just works , because the pages you frequently visit really are the ones you want to open first .
6 . Has its own task manager
Chrome treats tabbed windows as separate processes .
Nice , we 've already seen that in IE8 , right ?
But Chrome also has a nifty way to see what 's going on : a task manager .
Similar to the task manager in Windows , it lets you see which processes are active ( inside Chrome ) , and how much memory , CPU , and network resources they use .
Beautiful .
You can access it by right clicking Chrome 's title bar .
7. Dragging tabs out and back in again
It 's a little thing , but it warms my heart .
You can drag a tab out of Chrome into a separate window , and you can drag a separate window back into tab bar , where it 'll be happily received by Chrome .
Stuff like this turns geeks into converts , and Google 's dev team knows that .
Feel free to let us know which are your favorite ( or least favorite ) features of Chrome in the comments !
Google company profile provided by TradeVibes
[ Image credit : Google ]
Hisense Europe Group forced to cut the number of employees due to severe economic impact of coronavirus pandemic
Following the announcement of the global COVID - 19 pandemic and the epidemic in Slovenia in mid-March , we have already seen a decline in household appliances orders in March 2020 .
The trend continues in April .
As a result of state measures to ban the sale of goods and services to consumers , the sales of household appliances have fallen dramatically both locally and in most European countries , where restrictive measures have been implemented .
In the first quarter of 2020 , we recorded a significant loss , a large majority in March .
In the second quarter of 2020 , in April and May 2020 we expect an additional loss and , due to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic and completely changed circumstances on the markets , and a significantly worse performance than the original estimates for the period , which predicted a profit of € 1.1 million .
Hisense Group is therefore forced to implement various crisis measures , among which is also reduction of the number of employees in all companies in the Group .
In doing this , all Hisense Europe Group companies will strive to minimize redundancies by using soft methods of staff reductions , including the disinvestment of non-core companies , outsourcing , consensual leave , retirement , etc .
We will also focus on sales increase , speeding up the e-commerce business and other operational adjustments to ensure the survival of the company in the expected global recession , following the coronavirus pandemic .
( Natural News )
The use of antidepressants may increase the risk of " white matter " lesions in the brains and spines of the elderly , according to a study conducted by researchers from Duke University Medical Center and published in the journalResearchers compared magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans separated by five years in 1,829 people over the age of 65 .
None of the participants were using antidepressants when their first MRI was taken .
The researchers found that those who used tricyclic antidepressants after the first scan were 77 percent more likely to have new white matter lesions in their second scans than those not taking any drugs .
An elevated risk of white matter lesions was also found in those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors , but this difference was not statistically significant .
White matter is a type of central nervous tissues that carries signals between different parts of the nervous system .
It gains its characteristic color from the fatty myelin sheath that insulates the nerve fibers in order to allow them to conduct electrical messages more quickly .
A number of studies have found a connection between lesions in white matter and late - life depression .
The destruction of the myelin sheath in white matter is also a characteristic of the neurodegenerative disease multiple sclerosis , while the amyloid plaques that characterize the brains of Alzheimer 's patients also occur in the white matter .
In contrast to the " gray matter " that does most of the brain 's processing , white matter is sometimes able to regenerate itself when injured .
The researchers said that they could not tell from the current study what was causing the white matter lesions .
The lesions might arise as a direct side effect of the antidepressants , or might be caused by another antidepressant side effect .
They might also be connected to depression or other conditions for which tricyclic antidepressants are often prescribed , such as diabetic neuropathy or migraines .
Welcome to the latest service from Flickr , Flickr Explore , where 500 of the best pictures uploaded to Flickr each day are rotated through a rainbow spewing from the mouth of a Panda .
And no , I ’m not making that last part up , and yes , the screenshot above is EXACTLY what you ’ll find on the site here .
Mark over at Mashable has no explanation for it , but I ’m going to suggest the only obvious one I can think of : drugs .
Acid to be precise , and lots of it .
WTF does n’t even begin to describe this .
As part of our Behind the Burner food series , I had the unbelievable opportunity to chat with John DeLucie , Executive Chef and Partner of one of New York City ’s top celebrity hang outs , The Waverly Inn , a spot so exclusive , the dining is by invitation only .
Needless to say , this gastronomic gem has catered to the highest of high profile crowds , making it a venue to see and be seen while serving up some of the most extraordinary cuisine this side of Eden .
But thanks to the passion of Divya Gugnani , chef , foodie and founder of Behind The Burner , a website that brings the most coveted tips and trends in the culinary scene to the masses , dining like a star is as close as this blog post .
So , read on as we literally go Behind the Burner of the Waverly Inn and inside the creative mastermind that has turned dining into a red carpet event .
DeLucie , one of today ’s hottest chefs , is as personable as he is talented , demonstrating an unwavering commitment to quality , well prepared traditional fare with a twist ( like his Mediterranean Octopus appetizer ) , and known for creating an experience that ’s as enjoyable as the food itself .
Favorite indulgent food : Lombardi’s Pizza - classic margherita
Favorite healthy food : Basmati Rice ( that counts right ? )
One kitchen tool you ca n’t live without :
My micro-plane .
It does exactly what it promises consistently , and without complaint .
One ingredient you ca n’t live without : Garlic ; it can be harsh , it can be sweet and somehow there is always some around when you need it most .
Most prized recipe :
My grandmother ’s “ Pasta Fazool ”
What inspires your cooking ?
Movies , books , music , NYC …
I recently saw a documentary about the artist Chuck Close and I swear I was able to make my Amish chicken juicier and crispier .
Do you have a signature dish ?
The restaurant has several signature dishes .
Chicken pot pie , mac and cheese with truffles , trout cooked on a cedar plank .
My own personal signature dish would probably have mortadella in it .
How does it feel to own a celebrity “ hot spot ? ”
Hmmm … all tingly and warm .
I understand that you have chicken pot pie on the menu .
How do you innovate such a traditional meal ?
Just by simplifying it and using the best , most natural ingredients possible .
Do you change the menu with the seasons ?
Or do the seasons affect your cooking style ?
As a rule I find that that customers do n’t really want the menu to change very much .
The offerings become reliable and comfortable .
If suddenly the dish is n’t there one day , anarchy can ensue !
So we incorporate the seasonal offerings as additions to the menu .
Do you think it ’s important to experiment as a chef ?
Yes , experiment , eat out , travel , have sex .
These can all have an invaluable benefit to cooking .
Are there green elements to your cooking style ?
Sure , we use lots of green market stuff , local produce and Hudson Valley purveyors .
Tell us more about your upcoming book , The Hunger .
It ’s an inside look at the restaurant business from a very personal perspective .
How a guy ( me ) changed careers in young middle life , took a cooking course in a basement brownstone and ended up the Chef at a truly spectacular restaurant .
It ’s aspirational , a little dirty and a lot of fun .
Is it difficult to balance the business and creative sides of your business as chef and partner ?
No , not really .
I have an amazing set of partners who are each good at a different thing .
The menu and the management of the kitchen is my main responsibility .
How do you feel about sharing your tips and trade secrets at BehindtheBurner.com ?
If anyone can learn anything at all from me I am all for it .
There is nothing new under the sun as a very wise French Ch ef once told me .
What excites you most about food ?
Mostly what it ’s capable of — bringing people together .
You seemed very comfortable on camera preparing octopus for the Behind the Burner viewers .
Is a TV show or food podcast in your future ?
I am fairly comfortable doing in front of a camera what I normally do for 12 hours a day .
TV is fun .
If there is ever a show that needs a rapidly aging chef as its host , please call me .
With your vast and eclectic background , what do you envision your next endeavor to be ?
Another restaurant or book I suppose .
As long as The Hunger is n’t piled to the ceiling in the .99 cent bin at the Strand once its released !
5 - star dining at home is only a click away when you join Behind the Burner for access to trade secrets from other culinary masters like John plus exclusive membership savings on the tools and ingredients that will have you cooking like a top chef by the new year !
Enter code ‘ polipetti ’ for a special 15 % discount on seafood and other fine foods at MYLOgourmet , where John purchases many of his key ingredients .
And be sure to check back each week as we feature another renowned chef who will share unique culinary insights and advice with you .
Next week , meet Gavin Kaysen of Cafe Boulud , known for his inventive vegetarian dishes , and the following week , enjoy a VIP pass to the one and only , Harold Dieterle , winner of Season 1 of Bravo TV ’s Top Chef , and owner of the booming new downtown NYC restaurant , Perilla !
Depuis son lancement en l’an 2000 , la cigarette électronique séduit de plus en plus de monde .
Les fumeurs sont les premiers à être attirés , car ils sont nombreux à vouloir en finir avec la clope traditionnelle .
Pour eux , il est indéniable que l ’e - cigarette soit une ...
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Have you ever wondered why your mobile phone can alert you to new voicemail without having ever rung ?
Or why a text message can get through when a call can’t ?
Maybe you ’ve traveled across continents and been amazed at how calls still manage to follow you ?
Or perhaps you ’ve noticed that sometimes your battery seems to last only a fraction of its normal life ?
And why can the iPhone 3G figure out your location in 3 seconds when it takes your car GPS 3 minutes ?
Although we normally take the ubiquitous mobile phone for granted , assuming it should work anywhere at any time , there ’s quite a bit of complex technology involved in sending a call to a device in your pocket .
While we ’ve all screamed in frustration over dropped calls and other annoyances , the truth is these are impressive devices , packed with amazing technology .
And after you learn a little more about the inside of the system , maybe , just maybe , you ’ll be a little less irritated the next time you battle to make a simple call .
How Your Calls Follow You —
One of the most fascinating aspects of mobile phones is how calls manage to find us in the first place .
If you think about it , you are basically wandering the planet with a tiny radio in your pocket , but by calling a single number anyone can track you down in seconds .
Although there are a few different types of mobile phone networks , they all follow the same basic , yet elegant , architecture .
For this article I ’ll be using terms for the GSM ( Global System for Mobile communications ) network – the one used by AT&T and other international iPhone providers .
I ’ve also simplified things a bit , and Wikipedia is a great source if you ’d like to dig in deeper .
It all starts with the phone in your pocket .
Every phone in the world has a unique identifier called an IMSI – your International Mobile Subscriber Identity .
In most phones , this is encoded on a small smart card ( yes , the same technology used by some banks and ID cards ) called a SIM – Subscriber Identity Module .
When you turn your phone on it tries to find the nearest base station , which is a collection of switching equipment tied to that ( likely ugly ) cellular antenna on the side of the highway .
Your phone connects to the nearest base station , based on signal strength , and that ’s where the interesting stuff starts to happen .
The IMSI truly is a unique number tied to you and your mobile phone provider , and is the key to the entire system .
The base station is a relatively dumb system that just passes on your information to the main brains of the system – the Mobile Switching Center ( MSC ) .
The MSC can be located pretty much anywhere , which is why , in the very early days of cell phones , 911 calls might have been routed to a confused emergency dispatcher in a different city or state ( do n’t worry , that ’s all fixed now ) .
While each system is a little different , a large cell phone provider will generally have a bunch of MSCs to support different phone numbers for different local areas .
At its simplest , the MSC is just two big databases and a connection to the regular phone system .
One database , called your Home Location Registry ( HLR ) is the master database for your account , with your IMSI , phone number , and current location .
The second database is called the Visitor Location Registry ( VLR ) and it keeps track of people that have wandered into that area ( a VLR serves only a single base station ) .
Here ’s how it works .
Your phone registers your unique IMSI with the nearest base station , and that base station tells its VLR that you are connected .
The VLR then contacts your HLR and , using your IMSI , registers your location .
When someone calls you , the call is routed from the regular phone system through your MSC all the way out to the highway you ’re driving on , since the system always knows where you are .
If you happen to be on a GSM system like AT&T ( and unlike Verizon ) , your call can even follow you to any other GSM system in the world , as long as it has some sort of agreement with your primary phone provider .
I used to have to rent a local phone when I traveled someplace like Australia ( since U.S. phone companies do n’t play nice with others ) , but in recent years my biggest worry is someone from home accidentally waking me up at 3 AM local time .
How Calls Work in Cars and Planes —
This may seem pretty straightforward , but it becomes more complex since we mobile phone users have a bad habit of moving around – sometimes at high speed – while we ’re on the phone .
To handle this , the base stations and MSC work together to hand off your call as you move from tower to tower .
This is a bit easier today since we ’ve switched off the old analog system ( where your phone needed a dedicated channel to talk ) to the new digital systems ( where many phones share a channel , just like a computer network ) .
All your conversations are digitally encoded and the phone system routes them around as needed .
Not that it ’s perfect – especially if you drive the main highway between my home in Phoenix and my wife ’s office .
Some of these hand - offs do n’t always work as planned , notably if there are dead zones between towers .
But it does explain those times when your call becomes garbled or you lose half the conversation , then everything magically returns to normal ( by magically , I mean rarely ) .
As we move around with our phones , they ’re constantly negotiating with base stations , which are constantly negotiating with each other and one or more MSCs .
Now imagine you ’re 30,000 feet in the air traveling at 500 miles per hour .
Although our mobile phones do n’t have a lot of power , from up in the sky it ’s not unlikely a single phone could hit dozens of towers with nearly equal power signals .
That ’s the main reason you ’re not supposed to use your phones in the air ; Wikipedia explains in more detail .
Newer planes are extremely well shielded from interference and should n’t experience problems ( although some studies still consider phones a risk ) , but all the base station switching and phone tracking confuses the heck out of the mobile phone network .
The systems some airlines outside the United States are putting into planes set up a tiny cell network on the plane itself so your phone locks in to the plane ’s system using low power , and then it handles talking to the ground .
As a side note , the main reason airlines make you turn all your electronics off during takeoff and landing is so you are n’t distracted and can hear and follow directions if something goes wrong .
Why Text Messages Work When Your Phone Wo n’t Ring —
All of that crazy call setup happens in the background without your ever noticing because , as anyone who watches spy movies will tell you , your phone is always talking to the network .
It does this using channels dedicated to signaling and messaging that are separate from the channels we use to talk .
That ’s how your phone is initially registered , and how calls are handed off ( or dropped ) as you move from one base station to another .
Early on when they invented GSM , someone decided it would be useful to dedicate a small part of this signaling to sending messages to your phone .
They added a feature to send 160 - character messages over the signaling channel .
The initial idea was to use it to alert you to new voicemail messages , but then someone thought it might be nice to also send some short text messages , and thus the Short Messaging Service ( SMS ) was born .
That ’s why you sometimes get voicemail notifications without hearing your phone ring .
If the local voice channels are all filled , the call ca n’t get through and callers are forced to leave a message , but since the notification uses that signaling channel , it still reaches you right away .
A nice side benefit is that SMS messages will often go through even when regular calls wo n’t .
When I ’m wearing my part - time hat as a disaster worker , I often find myself using SMS when I can’t make regular calls .
If you are at that big concert , game , or Steve Jobs keynote you might try SMS instead of battling your neighbors for scarce voice channels .
The Multimedia Messaging Service ( MMS ) that Apple mysteriously wo n’t support on the iPhone also uses SMS .
In this case , the short message contains a special link that tells your phone where to find a photo or video someone shared with you .
The downside of SMS is that there ’s no guarantee your message will go through , and the system ca n’t alert either you or the recipient if it was dropped somewhere along the line .
( Some mobile phone networks allow you to confirm message delivery , but AT&T does not offer that option ) .
Why Your Battery Sometimes Dies Faster —
As you now realize , there ’s a ton of signaling and messaging going on in the background as you walk down the street with that amazing battery - powered radio in your pocket .
Modern mobile phones are incredibly power - efficient and use this signaling to “ tune ” themselves to their local environment .
When they have a good signal , they use less power , but the farther you move away from the base station the more power they need to maintain these signaling channels .
If you are in a really busy area your phone might also be battling for space on the network , which increases how many signals are sent and thus how much power it uses .
So you might notice two effects – in some places your battery may seem to last forever , whereas in other places it drains quickly , no matter how little you use it .
If you are deep inside in a big building your phone might need to use a lot more power to communicate with the nearest base station , taxing your battery .
Another area might require less power under normal circumstances , but if it ’s saturated with a lot of phones you ’ll be signaling more , or talking to a base station that ’s farther away , and your phone will die sooner .
That ’s why my iPhone battery does n’t last nearly as long at Macworld Expo as it does during other conferences in Moscone Center – the density of iPhone ( and thus AT&T ) users is significantly higher .
Why the iPhone GPS is Faster than Your Car GPS —
By this point , you probably already know the answer to that question .
While phones are constantly tracking their location so calls can reach you , when you turn a GPS on it needs to figure out where you are nearly from scratch .
Your GPS looks for special signals from satellites , and then compares the timing of those signals to determine your position .
When you pull a GPS out of the box for the first time , it has no idea where you are on the face of the planet , and has to spend a few minutes looking around for those signals and downloading data to narrow your location .
When you turn it on in roughly the same location after that , unless it ’s been a long time since your last usage , it will be faster to acquire the satellites , but it still has to lock on to the necessary satellite signals before it can determine your location .
Your iPhone cheats .
In order to support 911 emergency services , all mobile phone systems now try to track your physical location down to about a minimum of 150 meters ( it ’s a bit different outside the United States ) .
Thus your phone , thanks to the network , has a good rough idea where you are before the GPS even starts .
If you are near a Wi -Fi network , the Skyhook Wireless - enabled location feature of the iPhone may then narrow your location down even more .
This means your iPhone GPS already has a good idea of where to look for those satellites , while the unit in your car needs to start scanning from scratch ( or based on remembering where you were when you last turned it off ) .
The Future Is Now —
We take them for granted , but mobile phones , and the networks that back them , are fascinating pieces of technology that provide capabilities that seemed like science fiction only a few short decades ago ( consider Dick Tracy ’s wristwatch radio , Maxwell Smart ’s shoe phone , and James Bond ’s car phone in the 1963 movie “ From Russia with Love ” ) .
Now maybe the next time you ’re ready to slam that frustrating marvel against the floor because you ca n’t make a call , you ’ll hesitate briefly and send your mother a text message instead .
After a marathon race , the 2008 US Presidential Election is finally here .
Voters go to the polls Tuesday morning to elect the 44th President of the United States .
Media reports indicate a record turn out is expected this year off the back of a surge in new voter registrations , and early voting has been delivering some major numbers .
Delays are expected at polling places , so timing will be everything to minimize time taken to vote .
Here ’s the best places you can use to answer the following questions : voting polls times / what time do polls open and where to vote / voting poll locations .
Google Maps
Google has a dedicated site run jointly with the League of Women Voters that allows anyone to look up their nearest polling place , and the times the polls will open and close .
Vote411
Vote411 has a poll finder and other related election information , ideal for last minute information .
Can I Vote ?
If you ’re not sure if you ’re registered to vote , head over to Can I Vote to confirm your details .
If you ’re not showing , do n’t not vote , most States allow for a provisional vote where a name does n’t appear on the roll .
Overseas Vote Foundation
Information on voting if you ’re living or traveling outside of the United States
Pew Center on the States
Information on poll opening and closing times .
Go Vote Absentee
Information of voting absentee if you ’re traveling within the United States
Brennan Center for Justice
Voting information for Students
Election Protection
Monitors voting problems .
Place to report issues or track them as they happen .
Most of all remember : you should most definitely VOTE !
Want to get free stuff for voting , too ?
Check out this list of goodies up for grabs .
I touched upon this scheme from this liberal Marxo - feminist in an earlier post ,
It should not be illegal to discriminate against white men .
Today on the BBC website is another article about her continued push for this most disgusting proposal .
There is no such thing as positive discrimination .
It is all discrimination .
Remember , this is straight out of Communism , the States ’ desire to ‘ equalise ’ the ( Collectivist ) groups in employment .
White men in Britain must be completely undermined in order to be able to complete the State ’s takeover of the country .
Notice how there is no similar campaign to discriminate against other groups in the case of white men being the minority .
By the way , society is not composed of groups , it is composed of individuals .
Using groups is the Collectivist method to ‘ divide and conquer ’ .
BBC Harriet Harman has defended plans to make it legal for firms to discriminate in favour of female and ethnic minorities job candidates .
The equalities minister said firms should be able to choose a woman over a man of equal ability if they want to .
In favour of female and ethnic minorities means anyone but white men .
There are more women of working age in Britain than men .
So technically men are the minority , not that it matters .
Who does the State see as the threat eh ?
The new Equalities Bill will also force employers to disclose salary structures in a bid to close the gender pay gap .
The plans , which will be adopted first across England then Wales and Scotland , will also ban all age discrimination .
We all know about the Gender Pay GapTM LIE .
It does however offer a suitable Dialectic for the State to continue to expand its powers into the lives of private businesses .
Ms Harman said she wanted a more “ open and diverse ” economy with companies not just choosing from “ a pool of friends of friends ” .
Tackled on BBC Radio 4 ’s Today programme about whether the proposals would lead to discrimination against white men , she said companies would not be forced to use positive discrimination .
What the hell has the ‘ make up ’ of the economy got to do with a politician ?
In a free society you employ who you bloody like and make your own decisions .
It just goes to show how the State is socially engineering a Communist ideal by enforcing whatever it thinks is ‘ fair ’ .
But she added : “ They might think we do n’t want an all male team .
“ We ’ve got a new post coming up , we ’ve got equally qualified men and women going for it , we are going to pick the woman because we want to have a more balanced top team .
Yeah , until she gets pregnant or something .
“ The law at the moment is not clear and we are clarifying and saying if you want to do it , you can , and it makes it much more open . ”
Ms Harman will set out the proposals in the Commons later .
Age discrimination in the workplace has been illegal since 2006 , but the new legislation will tackle more widespread forms of age - related prejudice .
The Bill aims to close the gender pay gap by forcing firms to “ publish their gender pay gap ” .
Again , who gets paid what is none of the States ’ business .
Female part - time workers still earned 40 % less per hour than their full - time male counterparts , Ms Harman told Today .
“ Do we think she is 40 % less intelligent , less committed , less hard - working , less qualified ?
It ’s not the case .
It ’s entrenched discrimination .
It ’s allowed to persist because it ’s all swept under the carpet . ”
Oh fuck off .
If a business ever chose to employ a man over a woman , I ’m sure there are very good reasons for doing so , as Sir Alan Sugar explains to us .
A business is supposed to employ whomever they think will be best for the job and for the business .
The State is essentially saying your business should serve the interests of ‘ equality ’ and not capitalism .
The Bill will also seek to stop pensioners being denied NHS treatment because of their age .
Ms Harman said doctors will still be able to refuse treatment if they believe there are sound clinical reason for doing so .
But she added : “ Everybody should be treated as individuals and not just discriminated against across the board because of their age . ”
I wonder if the men will still be denied treatment ?
Age discrimination will also be outlawed in the provision of goods and services , such as holidays and insurance .
It is likely organisations and companies will be given time to review and , if necessary , change their practices before the new law would be enforced .
Other age distinctions , such as free bus passes and holidays for the over - 50s or 18 - to - 30s , will be exempt .
A sickening power grab by the Police State over fundamental freedoms , as always , under the guise of protecting one ‘ group ’ from another ‘ group ’ .
The real enemy of the State are two ‘ groups ’ .
White men and the middle class .
Why the middle class ?
Well generally they tend to run the means of production , like farmers and tend to know their rights and have the financial ability to fight for them .
Release a few weaponised diseases and pile on the EU regulations and disenfranchise them .
The government can centralise production using taxpayer money in response ( preferably with corporate partnership , as is the case with Corporate Fascism . )
It is plainly obvious what is going on .
“ Feminism is just Communism with tits ” – FM Watkins
Harriet Harman should be thrown off a cliff .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama ’s lead over Republican rival John McCain has grown to 12 points in the U.S. presidential race , with crucial independent and women voters increasingly moving to his side , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Thursday .
With less than two weeks before the November 4 election , Obama leads McCain 52 percent to 40 percent among likely voters in the latest three - day tracking poll , which had a margin of error of 2.9 points .
Obama has made steady gains over the last four days and has tripled his lead on McCain in the past week of polling .
“ Obama ’s expansion is really across the board , ” pollster John Zogby said .
“ It seems to be among almost every demographic group . ”
The Illinois senator saw his lead among women -- who are expected to play a decisive role in this election -- increase to 18 points from 16 points on Wednesday .
And independent voters , who have been the target of intense campaign efforts by both sides , have now swung behind Obama by a 30 - point margin , 59 percent to 29 percent .
Zogby said McCain , 72 , appeared to have lost the traction he won after the third and final presidential debate last week .
“ McCain can still try to turn it around , but he has to find focus , ” Zogby said , adding that economic issues , which dominated the campaign amid turmoil in the credit , housing and financial markets , still seem to be working in Obama ’s favor .
“ At some point there are some issues that just overwhelm , and McCain has been particularly weak on the economy , ” Zogby said in a statement .
Other recent national polls have given Obama a narrower lead , but Zogby said he was confident in his sampling methods .
The latest poll showed a continued erosion of McCain ’s support even among his “ base ” voters .
While Obama wins the backing of 86 percent of Democrats , only 81 percent of Republicans back the Arizona senator -- down from figures in the low 90s immediately after the Republican national convention in early September .
Obama holds a 6 - point lead among men , 48 percent to 42 percent , while white voters -- who had been among McCain ’s core support groups -- now only back McCain by a 2 - point margin .
Slideshow ( 17 images )
Independent Ralph Nader and Libertarian Bob Barr held relatively steady at 2 percent and 1 percent respectively .
Three percent of voters said they remained undecided , unchanged from Wednesday .
The rolling tracking poll surveyed 1,208 likely voters in the presidential election .
In a tracking poll , the most recent day ’s results are added while the oldest day ’s results are dropped to monitor changing momentum .
The U.S. president is determined by who wins the Electoral College , which has 538 members apportioned by population in each state and the District of Columbia .
Electoral votes are allotted on a winner - take - all basis in all but two states , which divide them by congressional district .
( CNN ) -- A Little Rock , Arkansas , television anchorwoman who was attacked in her home and severely beaten died from her injuries Saturday .
Anne Pressly , 26 , was a popular morning news anchor at KATV in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Anne Pressly , 26 , the morning anchor on KATV , was found in her home Monday , savagely beaten mostly on her face and upper body .
She had been hospitalized and sedated , unable to speak and suffering from massive brain swelling , her family said .
Police said she might have been the victim of a burglary because her purse was missing .
Her credit card was used at a gas station sometime this week , police said .
Her father Guy Cannady appeared on " Good Morning America " earlier in the week and said he doubts the attack was random .
" It 's so hard to understand , first of all , why would anybody vandalize and brutalize somebody to this extent , " he said .
" There are items missing from the home .
The severity of the injuries and brutality of the attack in my own mind calls into question the motive . "
Pressly 's left hand was broken , possibly as she tried to fight off her attacker .
Her father earlier said that his daughter 's brain had swollen and she was unable to communicate , making it impossible for her to talk to police .
Do n't Miss Intruder savagely beats news anchor
Intruder savagely beats news anchor KATV : Anne Pressly , 1982 - 2008
Public personalities , including those on television , are sometimes stalked .
Police have yet to identify a suspect , although detectives have combed the area around Pressly 's home in the Heights neighborhood , a mix of bungalows and mansions near the Little Rock Country Club .
A $ 30,000 reward , established by KATV , will go to anyone who provides information leading to the arrest of Pressly 's attacker , the station reported Saturday .
The anchor 's death comes just one day after reports that her condition appeared to be improving .
Dr. Clifton R. Johnson said on Friday that the swelling in her brain had gone down and that doctors were slowly reducing her sedative dosages .
Pressly 's parents released a statement Saturday saying they were " with her in her last moments , " and that they needed privacy .
On Saturday , KATV opened its nightly news cast with a seven - minute segment devoted to Pressly .
Anchor Pamela Smith told viewers that Pressly 's family agreed to have their daughter donate her organs .
An emotional Smith read condolences sent into the station , her eyes red .
" She owned every room she was in , not because she demanded our attention , but because we willingly gave it to her , " Smith said .
" We all felt a little better , a little more alive just being near her . "
Cannady told ABC
News that his family has received many letters of support during the week from across the world .
Director Oliver Stone wrote one of them .
Pressly made a brief appearance as a television commentator in Stone 's new movie , " W . "
" You 're one hellava gal , " he wrote .
" Keep fighting .
You 're a winner . "
No funeral arrangements have been announced .
" Life was easy for Anne Pressly , " Smith told viewers .
" But it is her death that is so very hard for all of us . "
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About Little Rock
Out of nine tremendously creative and functional household designs produced by the finalists in the 2008 Electrolux Design Lab competition , one design really stood out in the judges minds :
The " Flatshare " Refrigerator , by Austrian design student , Stefan Buchberger , whose inspiration came from sharing a flat , of course .
The mess he described in his flat 's refrigerator is familiar to most of us who have had roommates , so he came up with a way that everyone could keep their mess a secret from each other , by designing a " to each his own " modular refrigerator that is portable , so when you move , your fridge mess moves with you !
A fridge is a tricky thing to reinvent , ” said Henrik Otto , head of Global Design for Electrolux and chair for the jury .
“ Flatshare , however , manages to be new in a fun and expressive way .
A shared refrigerator is also very relevant from a consumer - insight perspective , managing to resolve the needs and wants of the target group . ”
As winner of the Electrolux Design Lab competition , Mr. Buchberger receives € 5,000 plus a six month scholarship to an Electrolux Group design center !
Second place winner was the iBasket , by designer Guopeng Liang of China .
The iBasket is a hamper that starts washing your clothes automatically when the hamper becomes full !
As if that was n't a clever enough design , you can also monitor the iBasket from your office !
And the third place win belongs to Antoine Lebrun , the student designer from France , who created the Coox .
Coox is a portable stovetop that travels on adjustable legs and wheels to any number of rooms and stations in your home .
Breakfast in bed ?
Prepare it by your bedside while you 're watching the morning news !
The competitors for Electrolux Design Lab 2008 were all international design students who were tasked with designing a kitchen or household appliance that would be useful to iGeneration consumers .
You can read about all nine finalist designs here .
via press release and September 25 , 2008 , 9 Design Lab '08 Finalists : Brilliant Kitchen Appliances For The IGeneration
The Virtual Piano is an online piano , so you can play piano online and learn piano online - and a perfect tool for songwriters or singers - or anyone who wants to accompany a singer .
It allows you to immediately play chord progressions on it , while simultaneously showing you how to play the same chords on the piano .
It 's a visual way of learning how to play the piano , so you can learn the piano without using the traditional , tedious method of learning to read notes on a staff - Not that there 's anything wrong with that - it just takes way too long before you are actually playing something you like .
If you want the easiest , fastest way to learn keyboard , so you can play any song on the piano keyboard now - and learn music - the Virtual piano will help you achieve that goal .
Learn Piano by ear .
The easy way to learn piano .
Learn to play piano without reading notes .
Real Clear Politics
has Barack Obama leading in Pennsylvania by an average of 11 points , so why is John McCain betting on an upset there , of all swing states ?
It seems that Gov. Ed Rendell is among the Democrats who are nervous :
He has asked the Obama campaign to send its big guns back to the Keystone State .
The McCain campaign claims to have internal polling data that show a tighter race in Pennsylvania than publicly released surveys .
MANCHESTER , New Hampshire ( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama 's foreign policy positions could encourage America 's enemies to test it during the early days of an Obama administration , Sen. John McCain said Wednesday .
Sen .
John McCain says he will consider a second economic stimulus package if he is elected president .
" And the thing that probably may encourage them a little is that Sen. Obama has been wrong , " McCain said in an interview aired on CNN's " The Situation Room " on Wednesday .
" He was wrong about the surge in Iraq .
He still fails to acknowledge that he was wrong .
I mean , remarkable , " the Republican presidential nominee continued .
" He was wrong when he said Georgia should show restraint .
He was wrong when he said he would sit down across the table from Ahmadinejad , Chavez and the Castro brothers .
He was wrong about those .
So I can understand why the American people might be concerned . "
Enemies would not similarly challenge McCain , he said , because he 's already been tried .
" They know I 've been tested , " he said .
" They know I 've been tested .
I 've been tested many times . "
Watch McCain talk about being tested »
On the economy , McCain defended his vote in favor of the government 's $ 700 billion plan to prop up the lending industry , despite his insistence that as president he would cut spending .
" Extraordinary circumstances require extraordinary actions , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in Manchester , New Hampshire .
He said he will consider a second economic stimulus package if he is elected president .
His running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , said the day before that " this is not a time to use the economic crisis as an excuse for reckless spending . "
" Homeowners are the innocent bystanders in a drive - by shooting by Wall Street and Washington , " McCain said Wednesday .
" It never should have happened , " he said of the mortgage crisis that has shaken financial markets , and it would not have happened if he had been president , he said .
He attacked Obama , his Democratic rival for the White House , for saying that " when you spread the wealth around , it 's good for everybody . "
That is " certainly not something I would ever do , " he said .
Watch where the candidates stand on the economy »
Obama made the comment as he defended his proposal to raise taxes on couples earning more than $ 250,000 a year while cutting taxes for those with lower incomes .
Obama says his plan would lead to lower taxes for 95 percent of American families .
McCain contended that Obama has been " all over the place " with his economic proposals .
And he said flatly , " I wo n't raise taxes on anybody . "
He also vowed to " fix Social Security , " refusing to rule out raising the retirement age or allowing some Social Security funds to be invested in the stock market .
McCain discounted former Secretary of State Colin Powell 's endorsement of Obama , saying that five former secretaries of state had endorsed McCain .
Watch McCain say he ' respectfully disagrees ' with Powell »
McCain said he is confident of victory November 4 , though many polls show him trailing far behind Obama .
CNN 's Poll of Polls showed him 9 points behind Obama nationally on Tuesday , with 7 percent of voters undecided .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • U.S. Presidential Election
Should Prostitution Be Decriminalized ?
San Franciscans will soon vote on whether their city should decriminalize prostitution .
Supporters say that taking prostitution out of the black market will improve the safety and health of sex workers , and shave $ 11 million per year off the city ’s law - enforcement expenses .
Opponents say the measure would encourage human trafficking , raise crime , and generally turn San Francisco into a magnet for pimps , prostitutes , and sex fiends .
The most effective solution might be to split the difference .
In 1999 , Sweden legalized the sale of sex , leaving buyers subject to fines and humiliation through public exposure .
While the jury is still out on how effective Sweden ’s “ Sex Purchase Law ” has been , the approach has drawn international attention for its novelty .
Julie Bindel and Liz Kelly , at London Metropolitan University , found that the Swedish law decreased street prostitution by two - thirds between 1999 and 2003 .
But the law ’s effect on the sex trade overall is difficult to determine — it may have simply driven sex workers indoors .
We ’ve weighed in more than a few times on prostitution .
But what do you think ?
“ It has been cooperative and collegial , and his coming here today was a very clear message from him that he ’s not bitter and that he wants to go out on top , ” Mr. Graboff said .
NBC will try to assure that , Mr. Graboff said , by making Mr. Leno ’s last show on “ Tonight ” an event  as long as Mr. Leno wants it that way .
“ We ’ll do whatever we can and whatever Jay wants to give him the proper send - off , ” he said .
In the meantime NBC is refusing to concede that Mr. Leno ’s departure to another network  as in ABC , in Mr. Kimmel ’s nightmare scenario  is a fait accompli .
Mr. Graboff said NBC was continuing to work on ideas with Mr. Leno across all divisions of the company .
“ We believe in this day and age there ’s room for him to be on our air , ” he said , though he added that it would not be in a show at 11:30 p.m .
One way may be some combination of television and the Internet , though that would not seem to fit Mr. Leno , who has dominated in late - night ratings on television for more than a decade , as much as it would a newer comic .
One such comic is Jimmy Fallon , who is set to take over the “ Late Night ” show from Mr. O’Brien when he moves up to “ Tonight . ”
The NBC executives did not set a specific date for Mr. Fallon ’s first show , though they said it was likely to be in March or April .
That would mean Mr. Fallon would get the benefit of the big ratings lead - in from Mr. Leno for a number of weeks before the transition to Mr. O’Brien .
Lorne Michaels , the longtime “ Saturday Night Live ” boss who is also the executive producer of Mr. Fallon ’s forthcoming show , said in an interview that he wanted to have Mr. Fallon start unofficially long before that .
He plans to initiate an Internet version of the show before it begins on television .
For years , the EPA has refused to crack down on global warming pollution .
Due to a Supreme Court ruling the EPA is now asking for public comment on a simple question :
Do greenhouse gases that cause global warming endanger public health and welfare ?
NWF believes there is no greater threat to people and wildlife than global warming .
Before the comment period ends on Nov. 28 , let the EPA know you agree !
Do n't let corporate polluters have the only voice .
from django.db import models from django import forms from django.
conf import settings import binascii import random import string class EncryptedString ( str ) : " " " A subclass of string so it can be told whether a string is encrypted or not ( if the object is an instance of this class then it must [ well , should ] be encrypted ) . " " " pass class BaseEncryptedField ( models .
Field ) : def __init__ ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : cipher = kwargs .
pop ( ' cipher ' , ' AES ' ) imp = __import__ ( ' Crypto.
Cipher ' , globals ( ) , locals ( ) , [ cipher ] , - 1 ) self .
cipher = getattr ( imp , cipher ) . new ( settings .
SECRET_KEY [ : 32 ] ) models .
Field .
__init__ ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) def to_python ( self , value ) : #values should always be encrypted no matter what !
#raise an error if tthings may have been tampered with return self .
cipher .
decrypt ( binascii .
a 2b_hex ( str ( value ) ) ) . split ( ' \ 0 ' ) [ 0 ] def get_db_prep_value ( self , value ) : if value is not None and not isinstance ( value , EncryptedString ) : padding = self .
cipher .
block_size - len ( value ) % self .
cipher .
block_size if padding and padding < self .
cipher .
block_size : value += " \0 " + '' . join ( [ random .
choice ( string .
printable ) for index in range ( padding - 1 ) ] ) value = EncryptedString ( binascii .
b2a_hex ( self .
cipher .
encrypt ( value ) ) ) return value class EncryptedTextField ( BaseEncrypted Field ) : __metaclass__ = models .
SubfieldBase def get_internal_type ( self ) : return ' Text Field ' def formfield ( self , ** kwargs ) : defaults = { ' widget ' : forms .
Textarea } defaults .
update ( kwargs ) return super ( EncryptedTextField , self ) .
formfield ( ** defaults ) class EncryptedCharField ( BaseEncrypted Field ) : __metaclass__ = models .
SubfieldBase def get_internal_type ( self ) : return " CharField " def formfield ( self , ** kwargs ) : defaults = { ' max_length ' : self .
max_length } defaults .
update ( kwargs ) return super ( EncryptedCharField , self ) .
formfield ( ** defaults )
" We are surprised to hear that our song , " Who Says You Can't Go Home " was used by the McCain campaign at rallies yesterday and today .
We wrote this song as a thank you to those who have supported us over the past twenty - five years .
The song has since become a banner for our home state of New Jersey and the defacto theme song for our partnerships around the country to build homes and rebuild communities .
Although we were not asked , we do not approve of their use of ' Home . ' "
I was refactoring some code today , and could n’t figure out why my simple textbook change was making code break , until I relearned a subtlety of Python .
The code looked like this :
def __eq__ ( self , other ) :
# Compare the parts , but be clever when comparing the specs .
if self .
__class__ != other .
__class__ :
return False
return self .
spec .
make_div_only ( ) == other .
spec .
make_div_only ( ) and self .
chunks == other .
chunks
I did n’t like that long last line , so I made the simple change to this :
def __eq__ ( self , other ) :
# Compare the parts , but be clever when comparing the specs .
if self .
__class__ != other .
__class__ :
return False
if self .
spec .
make_div_only ( ) != other .
spec .
make_div_only ( ) :
return False
return self .
chunks == other .
chunks
and ran my unit tests , and they failed .
What !?
How could doing a simple boolean refactoring cause breakage ?
I scratched my head , re-read the lines , questioned my understanding of the short - circuit nature of the and operator , and so on .
The usual “ am I going crazy ? ” debugging techniques .
Undoing the refactor made the tests work again , I changed it again to the shorter lines , and the tests failed again .
Adding some print statements to see the actual values being compared , I realized that the result of make_div_only is an object ( of class Spec ) , and that object defines its own Spec.__eq__ method to define the meaning of the == operator for its instances .
Then it hit me : the class does n’t define a __ne__ method .
My refactoring changed the operator from == to != , the first was overridden to provide custom semantics , but the second was not , so simple object inequality was being checked , so make_div_only inequality test was always true , and the method incorrectly always returned False .
The Python docs are clear on this point :
There are no implied relationships among the comparison operators .
The truth of x==y does not imply that x!=y is false .
Accordingly , when defining __eq__ ( ) , one should also define __ne__ ( ) so that the operators will behave as expected .
Adding a __ne__ method to my Spec class made everything work properly :
def __ne__ ( self , other ) :
return not self .
__eq__ ( other )
Experience the censored Chinese internet at home !
The Firefox add - on China Channel offers internet users outside of China the ability to surf the web as if they were inside mainland China .
Take an unforgetable virtual trip to China and experience the technical expertise of the Chinese Ministry of Information Industry ( supported by western companies ) .
It ’s open source , free and easy .
Watch the fffffat screencast :
This project is currently exhibited at the “ Videotage ” in Hong Kong ( 6.10 .-4.11.2008 )
Two computers are connected to a single keyboard and mouse allowing visitors to control both identical machines at the same time while using just a single input device .
The only difference between the two internet terminals is their network connection ; one machine is connected to the less restricted internet in Hong Kong , while the other is connected to the internet through a connection point in the mainland of China .
China Channel was developed by Aram Bartholl , Evan Roth and Tobias Leingruber ( consulted by LM4 K and Jamie Wilkinson . )
He ’s 72 .
He ’s had 4 bouts of serious cancer .
He does n’t look terribly well for his age .
If he wins , it ’s a pretty sure bet she ’s going to be president .
And she ’s a blithering idiot .
And now a bigot too .
That ’s the entirety of Sarah Palin ’s complex world view , folks .
Make women carry their rapist ’s baby to term , and ban gays in the US Constitution .
Beyond that , she ’s a little fuzzy .
And another thing .
It ’s interesting that Palin thinks defending marriage should be a top priority for her administration .
Putting aside the fact that John McCain is an admitted adulterer ( no , we ’re not talking about Vicky Iseman ) , why is Palin ’s pregnant child now not getting married until after the birth , if at all ?
If we ’re going to talk about the federal government intruding in our private lives to defend marriage , should n’t some of that defense begin at home ?
And , as the NYT noted , Palin has her own mathematically curious pregancy / marriage issues that seem to fit a growing pattern of the McCain / Palin ticket being not -very - marriage - friendly in their own lives :
The Palins eloped on Aug. 29 , 1988 , and their first son , Track , was born eight months later , a fact that Maria Comella of the McCain campaign , declined to elaborate on .
“ They were high school sweethearts who got married and ended up having five beautiful children together , ” Ms. Comella said .
( And let ’s not even discuss the other rumors about Palin ’s marriage . )
Palin should stay out of other ’s people private lives , or she ’s asking for scrutiny of her own .
Then again , she wo n’t give any interviews to any real reporters , so the media will probably continue to give her , and her hypocrisy , a pass .
Speaking of defending marriage :
Show of hands , how many presidential candidates have not been married to two women at the same time ?
Not so fast , Senator McCain .
DULUTH , Minnesota –
The federal judge who presided over the nation 's only peer - to - peer copyright - infringement trial announced from the bench here Monday that he is likely to declare a mistrial .
" Certainly , I have sent a signal to both sides of where I 'm headed , " U.S. District Judge Michael Davis said during a 70 - minute hearing in which lawyers for the Recording Industry Association of America and defendant Jammie Thomas sparred over whether a jury verdict against Thomas should be overturned .
At issue is whether the RIAA needs to prove that copyrighted music offered by a defendant on a peer - to - peer network was actually downloaded by anyone .
During Thomas ' trial last October , Davis , on the RIAA 's recommendation , instructed ( . pdf ) the jury that no such proof was necessary ; if Thomas had the music in her Kazaa shared folder , where it could be downloaded , she could be found liable " regardless of whether actual distribution has been shown . "
But in May , long after Thomas had lost the trial and was dinged $ 222,000 , Davis developed second thoughts .
He wrote in an order that he may have committed a " manifest error " with that instruction .
" I think I surprised everyone , " Davis said at the outset of the Monday 's hearing .
As the hearing wrapped up , there was little evidence that the RIAA 's lawyer had changed the judge 's mind .
Judge Michael DavisThe judge 's decision , which he said would be issued " hopefully before the end of September , " is likely to have wide - ranging implications in the RIAA 's file - sharing litigation campaign – 20,000 lawsuits and counting .
Most cases have settled out of court for a few thousand dollars without resolving the question of whether the RIAA must prove that music shared over a peer - to - peer network had actually been downloaded .
RIAA attorney Donald Verrilli Jr. urged Davis not to disturb the $ 222,000 judgment against Thomas for unlawfully distributing 24 songs , drawing skeptical questioning from the Clinton - appointee .
The judge said that the Copyright Act appears to outlaw only an actual transfer of copyrighted material .
The law gives a rights holder the exclusive right " to distribute copies or phonorecords of the copyrighted work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership , or by rental , lease , or lending . "
Congress , Davis noted , has not added language supporting Verrilli 's position : that actual downloading is implied by the act of putting content in a shared folder .
" Why did n't Congress do that ? " the judge asked .
" There is nothing in that language that the plaintiff must demonstrate a transfer , " Verrilli countered .
The primary reason the RIAA is making the argument – a position backed by the Motion Picture Association of America – is because it is generally not technically possible to determine whether somebody is downloading files from another 's share folder on a peer - to - peer network .
" The downloads are all done in secret , " Verrilli argued .
" It 's all done behind a veil " and " significantly diminishes the economic value of our sound recordings , " he said .
Donald Verrilli Jr. , the RIAA 's lawyer , urged the judge not to disturb the $ 222,000 jury verdict against Thomas .
Photo : David Kravets /** Wired.comVerrilli said illegal distribution is implied on Kazaa and other file sharing networks .
" There 's no doubt it 's being done millions and millions of times , " he said .
He added that if Thomas or other file sharers are n't liable for copyright infringement for using peer - to - peer applications , " the distribution right does n't mean anything . "
He pointed out the Napster case , in which the financial backers of a peer - to - peer network were liable for infringement even though there was no proof that the public downloaded songs on Napster .
Thomas , a 32 - year - old Minnesota mother of two , did not attend the hearing .
Her attorney , Brian Toder , told Judge Davis : " Your honor , I believe she is in labor . "
Toder , in his argument , told the judge that if a mistrial was not declared , the court would be inventing " a new right of recovery . "
" Would Congress really fashion a statute where a plaintiff does n't have to prove liability ? "
Toder asked .
While reciting parts of the Copyright Act , which allows fines of up to $ 150,000 per violation , Toder said , " They have to prove every element that a statute requires . "
" That is good public policy , " he said .
Neither a federal appeals court nor the U.S. Supreme Court has decided the issue ; and Davis ' decision , either way , is certain to be appealed by the losing party .
At least three other federal judges have ruled against the RIAA on this point , but those rulings were in pretrial stages and did n't summarily kill the cases .
Brian Toder , Jammie Thomas ' attorney , said he expects a mistrial to be declared .
Photo : David Kravets /** Wired.comStill , even if Judge Davis rules against the RIAA , that does n't mean Thomas or others who challenge RIAA lawsuits would automatically win .
The reason : RIAA detectives always download some of the shared music files themselves .
In the Thomas case , RIAA investigators downloaded 24 songs from the 1,702 that were in the 32 - year - old woman 's publicly available share folder .
In court briefs , ( .pdf ) the RIAA asked that the judge , if he finds that proof of downloading is necessary , allow the files downloaded by the RIAA 's investigators to be counted as unlawful distribution .
Toder , however , argued that the RIAA should not be allowed to use downloads it made from Thomas or anybody else 's share folder .
Those downloads , Toder said , cannot be considered unauthorized downloads because the RIAA authorized them .
" You ca n't infringe your own copyright , " Toder said .
The RIAA learned of Thomas ' identity , and the identities of the thousands of others it has sued , by logging on to Kazaa or other file sharing systems and obtaining users '
IP addresses that are accessible to anybody using the network .
A case is commenced after the internet provider –- via an RIAA subpoena – coughs up the identity of the account holder attached to an IP address .
The case is Capitol Records Inc. , et. al. v. Jammie Thomas , No. 06-1497 ( MJD / RLE ) .
See Also :
It 's nearly 20 years since the fatwa against Salman Rushdie ; the judgment by Ayatollah Khomeini , Iran 's spiritual leader and head of state , that the author deserved to die for having written the Satanic Verses .
Ask the average person on the street about the affair and he or she would probably say it was a straightforward case of Muslims reacting to a blasphemy against their faith , for which the punishment according to that religion is death .
This is not Kenan Malik 's view .
Talking at the " Battle of Ideas " , he offered an alternative explanation – that the headline - grabbing response to the book was the result of an emphasis on identity that had slowly been gaining ground since the 1970s .
By the time the Satanic Verses was published identity had become the basis for the allocation of resources and decision - making powers in the community .
That has n't gone away ; now , he argues , it helps create the very problems of disintegration and disaffection that it purports to solve ; it has helped foster an " internal fatwa " on the part of western liberals .
For Malik , one of the great myths about the Rushdie affair was that it was fuelled by theology .
Not so : it had its roots in politics , he says .
The book was banned in India as a result of political manoeuvring in advance of the country 's elections .
Khomeini gave his judgment in a bid to assert leadership of the Muslim world above Saudi Arabia .
And conditions were ripe for the conflict to take off in the UK because of the intense factionalism of Muslim groups here .
Alongside that factionalism was an official attitude to minorities that did nothing to contain the fire and everything to encourage its spread .
Malik believes multicultural policies created a space for " leaders " of " communities " to emerge who were able to hijack the issue and successfully present their view of it as the authentic one .
Malik might have been disappointed that , when members of the audience were brought in , they were n't so interested in the politics of it as the theology .
But he must be used to it by now ; there 's a desire to know whether or not Islam " really " says that violence in the defence of the faith is justified , about whether the Qur'an is a text apart because Muslims are obliged to view it as inerrant , whereas Christians are not given the same injunction with regard to their Bible .
But I found the audience 's reaction at least as instructive as Malik 's thesis .
Once the talk was over , I overheard a conversation between an older non-Muslim woman and a young Muslim , wearing a veil , who had just stood up to plug her website ( " everything you need to know about Islam " ) .
The older woman asked her about the fatwa , wondering how it was that when " your big man " issued a decree , Muslims around the world would obey it .
The young woman said she though it had been a very irresponsible thing to do .
" But why do they all follow what he says ?
We do n't , if we 're offended by something we just ignore it " .
She went on , " your website says it has ' everything you need to know about Islam ' , but it is n't everything , is it , because there are all these factions .
It 's just what you want to tell me . "
After a few minutes the veiled woman stopped defending herself and just made polite noises .
Eventually she escaped .
Whether she was aware of it or not , I think the non-Muslim woman was expressing a frustration at both not being able to pin down and define Muslims at the same time as being angry at " them " for acting in concert , following the orders of a leader in a far - away country .
The Muslim woman would have been entitled to feel a bit taken aback at being identified with a 87 - year - old Iranian shia who has been dead for 19 years .
And yet , I bet she gets that kind of thing all the time .
It 's makes about as much sense as taking Rowan Williams to task for the American Christians that picket the funerals of US soldiers , seeing their deaths as God 's judgment against America as a latter - day Sodom and Gomorrah .
But British Muslims are routinely told what they believe , or asked to justify , speak out against , or condemn heinous crimes which have nothing whatsoever to do with them .
It must be quite annoying .
It may well be the case , as Malik says , that multicultural policies have entrenched these kinds of confusions , bred suspicion and resentment .
He 's certainly right that identity is at the heart of this – not least the idea that there is somewhere an authentic " Muslim identity " to be divined .
But the whole thing did n't start on some civil servant 's desk .
At its root is our willingness to alienate people who are somewhat unfamiliar : to imagine that rather than being just like us , Muslims are definitively different ; to imagine that they are all the same , and out to get us ; that their creed and their book mysterious book drive them to behave unreasonably .
This is , in my opinon , a fantasy , but it's one that has taken hold in the years since the Satanic Verses was published .
Maybe changes in policy would help : or have we gone too far down the road of misunderstanding ?
What , if anything , do you think can be done ?
I 'm a product engineer and an indie hacker living in Sydney , Australia .
Currently building Querycafe .
Check the archive to find my past musings and work .
You may enjoy my tweets as well .
( also it is the best way to get in touch with me . )
I just ordered this today for my son from Thinkgeek .
Ok , ok , not ONLY for my son .
God , I ca n’t believe I ’m 34 and still buying toys like these .
I think I ’m a lost cause .
This battery powered wand features a mini Van de Graaff generator inside .
Push a button on the handle and the static charge built up in the wand causes the included 3D mylar shapes to levitate at your command .
You can also do some cool tricks causing the shapes to jump back and forth from your hand to the wand .
Not quite Harry Potter … but hey , we do our best for you .
[ Product Page ]
This needs to be stopped :
“ H.R. 4279 , Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 , is gaining momentum in Congress .
It passed the House a few days back .
It would allow the Feds to seize hardware that has even one file coming from ‘ dubious origins , ’ e.g. downloaded from P2P .
If passed into law , the bill would establish an Intellectual Property Enforcement Division within the office of the Deputy Attorney General .
Rep. John Conyers says the goal is to ‘ prioritize intellectual property protection to the highest level of our government . ' ”
In detail , what does this bill do ?
This :
This legislation gives the government the power to seize property that facilitates the violation of intellectual property laws .
The legislation also mandates the formation of a formal Intellectual Property Enforcement Division within the office of the Deputy Attorney General to enforce this madness .
In addition , a new office called the Office of the United States Intellectual Property Enforcement Representative is created within the Executive Office of the President .
If you boil it down to brass tax [ sic ] , this legislation allows the U.S. government to lawfully seize your computer if it has one unauthorized mp3 file on its hard drive .
It also provides the authorization for the creation of offices within the executive branch to enforce a law that is impossible to enforce .
This is not what the country needs .
Hell , if this passes , I would not be surprised to hear law enforcement seizing computers to use in criminal investigations because a copyrighted picture was found in your browser cache from simple surfing .
This is a terrible , terrible bill .
This bill will redefine the concept of prosecutorial fishing expeditions and asset seizure .
*** Update ***
A summary of the bill , and the full text .
The roll call vote is here , and it was passed 410 - 11 with 12 no votes .
Related .
*** Update # 2 ***
Commenters say I am freaking out over nothing :
Tacky interior design cliches — like lampshades fashioned out of human flesh , umbrella stands made from bones , solidified organ paperweights — are so over .
So it 's refreshing to see , in the austere pages of InTouch magazine , that pretend rock star Dave Navarro is celebrated for his more subdued and updated design aesthetic , which includes artwork by John Wayne Gacy .
Gacy , you 'll recall , is that charming fella who dressed like a clown and brutally raped and murdered 30 young men and boys back in the 1970's , burying their bodies under his house .
Killer !
Click for larger .
[ via Gigglesugar ]
It is always fun to take the road less traveled .
This applies to wine as well .
Jordan Mackay did just that in his Juice column Entering French Basque Country Some obscure appellations to seek out ( Chow , October 15 ) .
We get an education on Madiran as well as Pacherenc du Vic Bilh which we learn " adjacent to Madiran and produces white wines that must be 60 percent composed of the varieties Courbu and Petit Manseng .
They ’re usually semisweet or sweet , but Pacherenc du Vic Bilh Sec , or dry , can be very refreshing , with strong and alluring aromas of white flowers , vegetation , pears , and citrus rind . "
AF Touch Cuisine adds that in local language Béarnais " Pacherenc means " stakes in row " and from the language of Oc , Vic - Bilh is equivalent to " old country " .
Besides Courbu and Petit Manseng , two other varietals can be found in the area , Arrufiac and Large Manseng .
Petit Manseng is actually Now found in Georgia ( the state , not the country ) at Tiger Mountain Vineyards .
Wine for thought
Related : Jewel in the Crown of Southwest France ?
Domaine du Moulie Madiran
Sunday Sept. 7 , 2008 ( foodconsumer.org ) --
A new review suggests that adult exposure to bisphenol A , a common plastic ingredient may affect the brain , reproductive system and immune system in men and probably also in women .
The study was supported by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences and others and published in the Aug - Sept 2008 issue of Reproductive Toxicology .
The reviewers went through 199 studies on the effect of low doses of BPA below 50 mg / kg / day in model animals and found many effects of BPA are similar to that of estrogens diethylstilbestrol and ethinylestradiol .
The potency of the effects is about 10 to 1000 times less than that of diethylstilbestrol or ethinylestradiol .
The researchers said " particular outcomes occur in response to low dose BPA exposure . " and "
We are confident that adult exposure to BPA affects the male reproductive tract , and that long lasting , organizational effects in response to developmental exposure to BPA occur in the brain , the male reproductive system , and metabolic processes . "
They also believed that it is likely , but needs to be confirmed , that " adult exposure to BPA affects the brain , the female reproductive system and the immune system and that developmental effects occur in the female reproductive system . "
The National Health and Environmental Effects Research Laboratory and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has reviewed the report and approved publication of the report .
Bisphenol A is commonly present in polycarbonated plastics , which are commonly used in food and beverage containers and epoxy resins .
Editor 's note :
This is a solid review and interested readers may read the full report for the details at http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?tool=pmcentrez&artid=2151845
Once a Dog Lover is Always a Dog Lover
The Eyeclops Bionic Eye magnifyer is a pretty amazing little toy .
I first ran across one on a display table at Toys R Us in Arden Mall .
It is the size and shape of a softball , with a short pistol grip , and a single wire which was plugged into the front of a small television set .
The box extolled me to point it at coins , my skin , hair and insect wings , so I did , and I was impressed !
The image was awesome , well - lit and super magnified .
I tried a penny , a key , my teeth and everything else I had in my pockets .
The price was $ 50 , too much for an impulse buy , but Christmas was coming .
Four weeks later , I found one under the tree !
The ball shape holds a fat camera , surrounded by three bright white LED bulbs .
I was eager to show it off , so I plugged the Eyeclops into the TV and started pointing it at things .
The first things we looked at were pictures in magazines and $ 10 bills .
Before long we were scouring the house for tiny detailed objects , getting a super - magnified look at our skin and hair , leaves , mold , tools and dust .
Getting things into focus takes a bit of patience .
At such great magnification , in focus and out of focus ( depth of field ) is a matter of a tenth of a millimeter .
Luckily the image is a live video feed , so it is easy to zero in on the right distance from the target .
The eyeclops magnifier is equiped with a white translucent shell , which can be minutely adjusted for quick focus - finding .
Without further introduction , here are some images .
These are actual photos of the Eyeclops - created image on our television .
The Eyeclops magnifies objects 200 times their actual size ( depending on the size of your television ) .
The magnification level is not adjustable , so everything you see in these TV pictures is at a consistant level of magnification .
This is a look at the hair on my head ... or it might have been my arm .
It looked like a bunch of black reeds piled up on top of one another .
If I used softsilk hair moisturizer , these hairs would all be wrapped in a protective shell of blue and purple ribbons .
One of the things we found out rather quickly is that there are strange fibers all over the place .
You probably do n't think that you have any little fibers on your hand right now , but you probably do .
You can't spot them , but the folks down at the crime lab can , and the eyeclops can .
Here is a red one , stuck to one of my eyebrow lashes .
I realize it looks like a curious little worm , inching his way towards unibrow canyon , but it is n't moving .
Boy , that would have been creepy .
It is just a dead little fiber , stuck to a single lash .
Printed material , as I will show later , turns out to be kind of boring on a microscopic scale .
It all just looks like colored dots .
Fabrics , on the other hand , are amazing !
Mike examined the tag on his shirt .
Here is one of the zeros in " 100 % cotton " , made from 10 teeny blue stitches .
As you can see , the bottom of the image is a little closer to the camera , and is out of focus .
Here is a close look at some plain slacks .
The pants are made from smooth grey fabric , but with super - magnification , it looks like a thick , two - tone cargo net .
Maybe the eyeclops would be a great tool for selling makeup .
" Sure , you are beautiful , but take a look at th ...... Oh my god !
Up close , your skin looks like rusty sandpaper ! "
Behold , a plate , after my french fry and cupcake dinner .
All that remained were candy sprinkles and table salt .
These tiny candy sprinkles are small , yet they seem to be perfect little balls .
Let 's take a closer look !
Uh , yeah , they are still perfect little balls .
Wow .
How do they do that ?
Also visible are square little blocks of salt .
Here is a grain of salt balanced upon two candy sprinkles .
More salt crystals .
I count 21 grains in this photo .
This is twice the recommended daily allowance for salt intake .
One of the oldest smallest manufactured products are printed magazines .
Here is another look at how incredible power of the Eyeclops bionic eye .
Shown here is a one - page article from Newsweek .
A detail from the center photo .
I took this photo with my Canon PowerShot on its MACRO setting .
And here is the same image , magnified onto our television using the eyeclops .
This is Theresa Gonzalez 's right eye .
Almost all printed material looks the same up close at 200X magnification : Lots of tiny dots .
Except for money .
Money is not lots of dots .
It is different , printed by impression from an engraved metal plate .
Here is a close look at the tiny pyramid eye ( the Eye of Providence ) on the back of a one dollar bill .
Look at that detail !
No wonder it is hard to make phony money .
That eye is only as wide as nine grains of salt .
Which are you going to have nightmares about , the red fiber worm from my lash , or this eyeball ?
Iraqi secret police believed that the notorious Palestinian assassin Abu Nidal was working for the Americans as well as Egypt and Kuwait when they interrogated him in Baghdad only months before the Anglo - American invasion of Iraq .
Hitherto secret documents which are now in the hands of The Independent – written by Saddam Hussein 's brutal security services for Saddam 's eyes only – state that he had been " colluding " with the Americans and , with the help of the Egyptians and Kuwaitis , was trying to find evidence linking Saddam and al - Qa'ida .
President George Bush was to use claims of a relationship with al - Qa'ida as one of the reasons for his 2003 invasion , along with Iraq 's possession of weapons of mass destruction .
Western reports were to dismiss Iraq 's claim that Abu Nidal committed suicide in August 2002 , suggesting that Saddam 's own security services murdered him when his presence became an embarrassment for them .
The secret papers from Iraq suggest that he did indeed kill himself after confessing to the " treacherous crime of spying against this righteous country " .
The final hours of Abu Nidal , the mercenary whose assassinations and murderous attacks in 20 countries over more than a quarter of a century killed or wounded more than 900 civilians , are revealed in the set of intelligence reports drawn up for Saddam 's " presidency intelligence office " in September of 2002 .
The documents state that Egyptian and Kuwaiti intelligence officers had asked Abu Nidal , whose real name was Khalil al - Banna , to spy for them " with the knowledge of their American counterparts " .
Five days after his death , Iraq 's head of intelligence , Taher Jalil Habbush , told a press conference in Baghdad that Abu Nidal had committed suicide after Iraqi agents arrived at the apartment where he was hiding in the city , but the secret reports make it clear that the notorious Palestinian had undergone a long series of interrogations prior to his violent demise .
The records of these sessions were never intended to be made public and were written by Iraqi " Special Intelligence Unit M4 " for Saddam .
While Abu Nidal may have lied to his interrogators – torture is not mentioned in the reports – the documents appear to be a frank internal account of what the Iraqis believed his mission in Iraq to be .
The papers name a Kuwaiti major , a member of the ruling Kuwaiti al - Sabbah family , as his " handler " and state that he was also tasked to " perform terrorist acts inside and outside Iraq " .
His presence in the country " would provide the Americans with the pretext that Iraq was harbouring terrorist organisations , " the reports say .
" Coded messages indicate that the Kuwaitis asked him indirectly to find out whether al - Qa'ida elements were present in Iraq .
Our conclusions were confirmed when he [ Abu Nidal ] started to mitigate his actions with irrational answers when asked about the data against him .
He attempted to sidetrack his answers by not being specific and referring to historical matters .
It was noted by the investigators that he went from short , ambiguous and unclear replies to generalities ... he seemed perturbed ...
But once he became convinced of the weight of the evidence against him concerning his collusion with both the American and Kuwaiti intelligence apparatuses in co-ordination with Egyptian intelligence , he realised that his treacherous crime of spying against this righteous country had been exposed ... "
Abu Nidal was no stranger to Iraq .
He had operated from Baghdad , Damascus and the Libyan capital of Tripoli when the regimes wanted to use him as a " gun for hire " .
It was Iraq which paid him to organise the attack on the Israeli ambassador to London , Shlomo Argov , in 1982 , an attempted assassination which prompted Israel to accuse Yasser Arafat of responsibility and to begin its disastrous invasion of Lebanon , and Colonel Muammur Gaddafi later established a close relationship with Abu Nidal .
In 1985 , his crazed gunmen attacked Israeli - bound passengers at Rome and Vienna airports , killing a total of 18 people .
His biographer Patrick Seale , who suggests that for some time Abu Nidal even worked for Israel 's Mossad intelligence agency , has written of how , when he feared treachery in his own ranks , a suspected spy would be buried alive , fed through a tube for days and then – if Abu Nidal 's " court " deemed death appropriate – a bullet would be fired down the tube .
His own interrogation at the hands of Saddam 's secret police , will therefore appear equally appropriate punishment for so cruel a man .
Among the other crimes of which he was accused in the Iraqi intelligence report was the preparation of 14 booby - trapped suitcase bombs to be used on foreigners – Swiss and Austrian , according to the intelligence file – in the northern Kurdish area of Iraq , at the time a US - supported " safe haven " , and an attempt to recruit new members for his so - called Fatah Revolutionary Council among Palestinians wounded by the Israelis in the West Bank and Gaza who were recovering in Baghdad hospitals .
There are some oddities in the report and some unanswered questions .
It says , for example , that Abu Nidal originally infiltrated Iraq from Iran on a false Yemeni passport years earlier , but that this was facilitated by his own representative in Kuwait , named as Nabil Uthman .
Abu Nidal was said to have communicated to Kuwait via coded messages sent through Lebanon and Dubai .
The papers give his date of birth as 1939 – he is believed to have been born in Jaffa in what was then Palestine in 1937 – and state that he resided in Libya in 1984 but " had no links with the Libyan authorities " .
He is also stated to have been imprisoned by the Egyptian security services for two months .
The man who is said to have provided Abu Nidal with a " safe house " in Baghdad was interrogated in 2002 alongside the Palestinian and is named as Abdulkareem Mohammed Mustapha .
Could Abu Nidal really have entered Iraq from Iran , whose own intelligence services , would surely have questioned him ?
Could Abu Nidal have lived in secret in the Baathist state of Iraq without Saddam 's own mukhabarat finding him ?
And for how long was he interrogated ?
The documents give us no answers to these questions .
His end is , however , recorded bleakly .
" Upon being asked to accompany those charged with guarding him to a more secure location to continue the interrogation procedures , he requested that he be allowed to change his clothes .
On entering his bedroom , he committed suicide .
Unsuccessful attempts were made to resuscitate him ... "
Nothing is known of the fate of Abdulkareem Mustapha , only that he was " submitted to court " .
But we do know where Abu Nidal now lies .
" The corpse of Sabri al - Banna " , the final report concludes , " was buried on 29/8/2002 in al - Karakh 's Islamic cemetery [ in Baghdad ] .
Until a final resting place is found , a marker designates the place of burial and it was documented on video as well as on still photographs as ' M7 ' . "
No " final resting place " for this savage man appears ever to have been found .
Years of terror A man as feared as Bin Laden
Abu Nidal , left , was once as feared as Osama bin Laden .
His most notorious attacks included :
* 1978 His " Black June " movement blamed for murdering PLO members in London , Paris , Madrid , Brussels , Kuwait and Rome .
* 1982 Israeli ambassador to Britain , Shlomo Argov , shot in Mayfair , leaving him permanently paralysed .
* 1984 Jordanian airliner attacked by rocket on take - off from Athens .
Assassinations included the British cultural attaché in Athens and the British deputy high commissioner in Mumbai .
* 1985 Egyptian airliner hijacked – six passengers murdered and 60 killed when the plane is stormed by Egyptian commandos .
* 1985 Gunmen massacre 18 and wound 120 in attacks on El Al ticket desks at Vienna and Romeairports , bottom left .
* 1986 Machine - gun attack kills 22 in a synagogue inIstanbul ; at least 20 passengers and crew are killed when Pan Am jet hijacked in Karachi , bottom right .
* 1988 Nine killed and 98 wounded when gunmenattack the Greek cruise ship the City of Poros .
Belfast Telegraph
Richard Raddon , the director of the Los Angeles Film Festival who has been at the center of controversy ever since it was revealed almost two weeks ago that he had contributed $ 1,500 to the campaign to ban gay marriage in California , resigned from his post over the weekend .
The nonprofit arts organization Film Independent sponsors both the Los Angeles Film Festival , held in May , and the popular Independent Spirit awards .
Raddon is a member of the Mormon Church , which actively called on its congregants to work for the passage of Proposition 8 , the constitutional amendment defining marriage as only between a man and a woman .
It has been estimated that Mormons gave more than $ 20 million in support of the recently passed ballot measure .
After Raddon ’s contribution was made public online , Film Independent was swamped with criticism from “ No on 8 " supporters both inside and outside the organization .
Within days , Raddon offered to step down as festival director , but the board , which includes Don Cheadle , Forest Whitaker , Lionsgate President Tom Ortenberg and Fox Searchlight President Peter Rice , gave him a unanimous vote of confidence .
Yet , the anti-Raddon bile continued to bubble in the blogosphere , and according to one Film Independent board member , “ No on 8 " supporters also berated Raddon personally via phone calls and e-mails .
The recriminations ultimately proved too much , and when Raddon offered to resign again , this time the board accepted .
Advertisement
‘ Profoundly sorry ’
In a statement , Raddon said , “ I have always held the belief that all people , no matter race , religion or sexual orientation , are entitled to equal rights .
As many know , I consider myself a devout and faithful Mormon .
I prefer to keep the details around my contribution through my church a private matter .
But I am profoundly sorry for the negative attention that my actions have drawn to Film Independent and for the hurt and pain that is being experienced in the GLBT [ gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender ] community . ”
Raddon ’s support for Proposition 8 has sparked debate within both the gay community and Hollywood , as many publicly worry about punishing people for free speech , even speech they deemed hateful , and his departure has already provoked ambivalence .
“ I ’m personally saddened by the outcome , ” said Film Independent board member Bill Condon , the writer - director of “ Dreamgirls . ”
“ Someone has lost his job and possibly his livelihood because of privately held religious beliefs .
I think the organization was ready to tough this out , but Rich ultimately decided it was n’t worth the cost .
I ’m not sure he was right . ”
Advertisement
Debate rages
Ever since the passage of Proposition 8 , liberal Hollywood has been debating whether and how to publicly punish those who supported the controversial amendment to the state constitution .
Scott Eckern , the director of the nonprofit California Musical Theatre in Sacramento , recently resigned amid a flurry of condemnation from prominent theater artists .
There have also been calls for boycotts of the Cinemark theater chain , whose chief executive , Alan Stock , donated $ 9,999 to “ Yes on 8 . ”
Activists have also called for pulling “ Milk , ” the film about slain gay activist Harvey Milk , which opens in limited release today , from Cinemark screens .
A representative for “ Milk ’s ” distributor , Focus Features , said that the studio had long ago committed to playing “ Milk ” in Cinemark houses in December , because of their successful exhibition of “ Brokeback Mountain , ” the 2005 Oscar - winning film about two gay cowboys in love .
--
Advertisement
rachel.abramowitz @latimes.com
NORTHAMPTON , England , Nov. 25 ( UPI ) --
British authorities said four men are being questioned after they allegedly entered the country illegally by hiding in a 32 - foot - tall fake Christmas tree .
Northamptonshire Police said two Iraqi men and two Iranian men were turned over to the country 's Border Agency after staff at a council depot in the city of Northampton , England , discovered them hiding in the back of a truck , The Daily Mail reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" Following their arrest after being found in a lorry , four suspected illegal immigrants were apprehended and transferred to our specialist teams of officers , " a Border Agency spokesman said .
The French truck driver is not believed to have known about the men in the back of his vehicle , authorities said .
Reports said the men were found in the back of the truck hiding inside of an aluminum and nylon Christmas tree ordered for the town center display .
However , Northampton Borough Council officials said the truck was not carrying Christmas decorations but had stopped at the depot to pick up paper for recycling .
Here is one of my little peculiarities : for all that I use it a lot , I do n't really like vi .
I use two or three editors on a routine basis ( and at least one more every so often ) , and out of all of those , vi is my least favorite .
But it is also the editor that I use the most , because over time it has become what I 'll call my sysadmin editor .
Why I have drifted into using vi all the time is a roll call of its virtues as a sysadmin editor .
First , it is ubiquitous ; if I am on some random , un-customized system , I know that I can type vi and get something usable .
Second , vi works in minimal environments , in that it does n't need X , and will thus work fine over basic ssh connections and on the console ( either normal or serial ) .
Finally , vi starts fast .
You are probably laughing at the last advantage , but it matters a lot in a sysadmin 's editor because of two factors : sysadmins make lots of little edits to separate files , and we do this on a bunch of different machines and accounts .
An editing environment that takes ten seconds to initialize is appreciably less useful than an one that starts in under a second , because those ten seconds can be an appreciable portion of the time I 'm going to spend in this editing session .
This usage profile is basically completely opposite that of most people , who edit the same things for a long time in a single , well developed and customized environment .
Which is why , for me , vi is a great sysadmin editor but not my favorite editor ; in any environment besides sysadmin editing , its relative weaknesses start showing up more and more .
( Despite this , because I 've used vi so much for quick sysadmin editing jobs I 've wound up drifting into it more and more for casual but more extended editing .
It 's usable enough ( and I know it well enough ) for such editing , and it 's often just enough of a pain to fire up a better editing environment that I do n't bother .
Thus I wind up doing things like dashing off quick email messages or even writing Wandering Thoughts entries with it . )
Sidebar :
Why sysadmins do n't just leave a big editor running
The usual big editor retort to the slow start problem is ' just start the editor once ' , but that does n't work for sysadmins because we edit files in lots of different contexts .
An editor for every context is an unfeasibly large number of them , and that assumes I am willing to leave editors running as root just in case I need them again , which I 'm not ( like most sysadmins , I get out of privileged contexts as fast as possible ) .
Some editors try to let you access files on other systems with other logins , but this is infeasible for sysadmins for various reasons ( including that I am not going to trust any editor with our root password ) .
YouTube is by far the world 's biggest stage for online video .
But in some ways
Hulu is stealing the show .
With critical plaudits and advertising dollars flowing to Hulu , the popular online hub for television shows and feature films , YouTube finds itself in the unanticipated position of playing catch - up .
On Monday , YouTube will move forward a little , announcing an agreement to show some full - length television shows and films from MGM , the financially troubled 84 - year - old film studio .
Metro-Goldwyn - Mayer Studios will kick off the partnership by posting episodes of its decade - old " American Gladiators " program to YouTube , along with full - length action films like " Bulletproof Monk " and " The Magnificent Seven " and clips from popular movies like " Legally Blonde . "
These will be free to watch , with ads running alongside the video .
The initial lineup may not be all that compelling , but for YouTube , which is owned by Google , the relationship with MGM is a crucial step in an essential reinvention .
YouTube had its debut in 2005 and quickly became famous for the democratic sharing of bite - size video clips .
Users love the site - 81 million people visited in September alone , according to Nielsen .
But Hollywood executives have complained over the way clips of their movies and shows pop up on the site without their permission .
And advertisers have found that user - created videos of pet pratfalls and oddball skits are largely incompatible with commercials for cars and other products .
Revenue at YouTube has disappointed Google investors since the company bought the startup in 2006 .
YouTube is trying harder to make friends with Hollywood - and emulate the appeal of Hulu , a joint venture of NBC and Fox .
Along with its MGM relationship , YouTube has recently forged ties with the independent studio Lionsgate and with CBS , which this month started posting to YouTube full - length episodes of older shows like " Star Trek " and " Beverly Hills 90210 . "
" We believe in comprehensiveness , and we want to have deals with everybody , " said Jordan Hoffner , the director of content partnerships for YouTube .
" We want to be able to give users the most content possible . "
In the last few months , YouTube has swept its virtual floors and painted its stage as it prepares to offer more professional videos .
This month , it introduced a " theater view " button that expands the viewing screen and darkens the rest of the Web page for optimum viewing - a feature similar to one introduced by Hulu .
YouTube has also developed a system called VideoID .
It allows media companies to spot unauthorized clips of their material on the site , and then either remove the clips or leave them up and sell ads on them .
As part of its deal , MGM will begin scouring YouTube for studio clips , from properties like the James Bond and Rocky franchises , and pulling many of them from the site .
But MGM will also work with YouTube to choose which clips can remain online , supported by advertising .
" YouTube is essentially saying to media companies , ' We are sorry for our past copyright stance ; we were n't thinking big enough .
Let 's see how we can make some money together , " ' said James L. McQuivey , an analyst at Forrester Research .
McQuivey thinks the strategy can work .
" They have hundreds of millions of views , " he said , " and it will be very hard for studios to pass that up . "
For now , the studios appear to be dipping their toes in cautiously .
Many Hollywood executives complain that YouTube 's online presentation is too cluttered .
They also say they are more comfortable with the cleaner , better - organized Hulu , which does not have amateur - created videos and which sprang from their own ranks .
Hulu had 6.3 million visitors in September , according to Nielsen , and has more than 100 sponsors trying out creative forms of advertising , like interactive games .
Jim Packer , MGM 's co-president , said his studio was starting slowly on YouTube , with action films intended to promote the studio's video - on - demand channel , Impact , on Comcast .
He said other MGM material would move to YouTube soon , including films like " Moonstruck " that appeal to women .
But he did not see putting a significant part of the studio's catalog on the site anytime soon .
" We will have some long - form videos up on YouTube , but I do n't think that 's the platform to have 30 or 40 movies up at once , " Packer said .
" I feel much more comfortable doing that on a site like Hulu . "
Lionsgate has also tiptoed onto YouTube , putting up clips from certain films and TV shows and directing viewers to sites where they can buy the DVD or pay for a full - length download .
" We did n't have huge expectations for this year , " Curt Marvis , Lionsgate 's president of digital media , said of the studio's presence on YouTube .
" We are still discussing , as I think YouTube is with every studio , how we can further take advantage of this audience . "
Hoffner , the YouTube executive , hinted that more digital deals were in the pipeline .
Potential candidates , according to Hollywood and high - tech executives , include Time Warner and Sony , a part owner of MGM .
A Sony spokeswoman said the studio was already putting abridged versions of older shows , called minisodes , on YouTube , and that no larger deal was imminent - at least in the next few weeks .
Time Warner is conducting some technical trials of YouTube 's clip identification system .
The ice between YouTube and Hollywood clearly has yet to thaw .
During its first few years , YouTube stood behind the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and told media companies it was not legally required to remove unauthorized material from its site unless specifically asked to do so by the owner .
The stance provoked a $ 100 billion lawsuit from Viacom , which is still pending , and animosity from media executives who say they still believe YouTube could be more aggressive in taking down pirated clips .
" A lot of studios have taken the position that they wo n't embrace YouTube until everything is perfect and the copyright protection is ironclad , " Marvis of Lionsgate said .
But YouTube may face an even greater challenge in the effort to transform itself .
Ken August , vice chairman of Deloitte & Touche and the head of its media and entertainment practice , said the largest studios were in a state of inertia - willing to experiment with online distribution but mostly aiming to protect their traditional way of doing business .
They are also waiting to see what will happen with Viacom 's lawsuit , August said .
" There needs to be a major realignment inside some of these companies for profound digital deals to happen , " he said .
This page has been archived
The information on this page is outdated or no longer in use but is kept for historical purposes .
Please see the Category : Archives for similar pages .
Warning
This tutorial uses Qt4 , PyQt4 , and PyKDE4 .
Creating a simple web browser application in PyKDE using the WebKit widget from Qt .
Python is a powerful yet intuitive programming language .
PyQt and PyKDE are bindings which let you write GUI programmes using Qt and KDE widgets in Python .
PyKDE is used in KDE for the printer - applet tool from kdeutils which shows current print jobs , system - config - printer - kde which edits printer settings and for Guidance Power Manager a battery applet .
PyKDE is used extensively in Kubuntu , a KDE based Linux distribution .
It is used to write the installer ( Ubiquity ) , packaging tools such as software - properties and the tool used for distribution upgrades .
Here we will create a simple web browser application .
We start with a basic Qt version of our application .
#!/usr/bin/env python import sys from PyQt4.QtCore import * from PyQt4.QtGui import * from PyQt4.QtWebKit import * app = QApplication ( sys . argv ) web = QWebView ( ) web .
load ( QUrl ( " http://kubuntu.org " ) ) web .
show ( ) sys .
exit ( app . exec_ ( ) )
Write this out in a file and save it as webkit1.py .
Python applications are not compiled , you can run this from a command line with python webkit1 .
py ( or you can set it as executable and just run ./webkit1.py .
The first line of the code tells Linux to run the file with Python .
The next block imports some Python program libraries .
sys contains useful functions to do with the system .
The PyQt libraries contain GUI widgets and related code .
All Qt applications need to create a QApplication object .
Our code here creates the object passing it sys.argv which contains and command line options used to start the application ( none in our case ) and saves it to a variable called app .
Next we create a QWebView object .
QWebView is the widget from Qt which gives us a WebKit based browser .
The QWebView documentation shows us methods which we can call on our object , the one we are interested in is load ( QUrl ) which loads a web page .
So we call that in the next line .
Then we use show ( ) to display the widget , it has no parent widget so it will be displayed as a window on your desktop .
Finally we start the application with app.exec_ ( ) .
In C++ this method is called just exec ( ) but we need to add an underscore in Python because exec is a reserved word .
exec_ ( ) will finish when you close the window , at which point it will return 0 ( or another exit code if there are problems ) .
This gets passed to Python 's sys.exit ( ) function which will quit the programme .
It will look like this
« Back to Python on Techbase | On to Part 2 »
The politics of exploration
Ars book reviews typically focus on works for the general public that we consider significant and insightful .
But today we 're making an exception : the work in question is meant for school children , and it's an atrociously bad book .
So why review it ?
Because , unfortunately , it may well turn out to be very significant .
The leading lights of the Intelligent Design Movement , the Discovery Institute , have written this textbook on evolution , and they are doing everything they can to make sure it gets into schools .
In response to a column I wrote a few months back , one of the authors of the text , called Explore Evolution , kindly sent me a copy .
What follows is not a comprehensive examination of the information contained in the text ( which would require more text than EE itself ) , but rather a summary of the history and politics that make the book significant , and my own perspective as a biologist on how that context produced a text that 's wildly inappropriate for use in a science classroom .
This does n't mean that I wo n't mention the scientific evidence that 's referenced in EE , but I generally wo n't delve into it in extensive detail .
For the most part , extensive details are n't actually essential to understanding the problems with EE .
So , with that caveat , we 'll do as the Discovery Institute has , and start with the politics .
The strategy for exploration
The Discovery Institute , as indicated by its wedge document , wishes to eliminate science 's focus on natural causes .
The group views this focus as the source of society 's increasing materialism , which makes it anathema in the belief system of Discovery 's members .
Stephen C. Meyer , the lead author of EE , heads the Discovery Institute and is mentioned by name in the wedge document , as is coauthor Paul Nelson .
Evolution has been singled out for special ire by Discovery , as it provides an explanation for the origin of humanity based solely on natural processes .
Although the ID movement has not developed a research program or even proposed a scientific formulation of its ideas , it has gotten a surprising amount of traction with its attack on the science of evolution .
Tapping into a rich vein of American thought that dates back roughly a century , the group 's members have used popular books and appearances in the press to argue that the scientific theory of evolution is on the verge of abandonment , having been pushed to its most recent " inevitable " collapse by new molecular evidence .
Judge John Jones ' Dover ruling
caused some states to back off of ID .
More significantly , however , Discovery Institute fellows have been attempting to have their arguments against evolution incorporated into the US public school system .
They testified in favor of education standards in Ohio and Kansas that targeted evolution for special criticism — Kansas ' standards went even further and eliminated reference to science 's search for natural causes .
In the wake of the Dover case , however , both states have reversed these policies , leaving Discovery without a foot in the door of the US education system .
EE appears to be part of a strategy to change that .
In June , Louisiana became the first state to enact a law specifically enabling the use of supplemental materials for the critical evaluation of evolution ; similar legislation has been introduced in several other states .
EE appears to have been intelligently designed to be the sort of supplemental text that 's appropriate under the Louisiana legislation , and so it 's likely to be making an appearance in classrooms there .
But EE may appear in other states , as the approval process for supplementary material is often far less strict than that governing textbooks .
Inquiry - based nonlearning
That said , Discovery faces at least one very significant challenge in its anti-evolution campaign : evolution is overwhelmingly accepted by the scientific community because the evidence for it is extensive and comprehensive .
Taking on that evidence runs the risk of simply emphasizing its significance , so EE maneuvers its way around this roadblock by using ( and abusing ) an approach to teaching called inquiry - based learning ( IBL ) .
IBL avoids the rote memorization endemic in past science classes by having a teacher guide students through a limited version of the scientific process .
Students are given a question or problem , provided with the opportunity to obtain information and data relevant to that problem , and then guided through the process of analyzing that information and reaching conclusions based on it .
This is n't an " anything goes " approach to science education , though — teachers and lesson plans play an extremely important role in ensuring the students obtain accurate and relevant information and adhere to the rules of logic when drawing conclusions based on it .
After all , it 's not a good educational method if students come out of it deciding that the force of gravity is random or unmeasurable .
Trained professionals can lead
students through IBL exercises .
EE gives its authors the chance to determine what information is relevant for students in order to apply IBL to evolution , taking the teachers and professional educators out of the equation .
It neatly dodges the issue of the vast evidence that has led to the acceptance of evolution by the scientific community ; the book 's introduction says that the students will see that in their normal textbooks anyway , so EE 's authors can simply present an abbreviated version of mainstream science .
Perhaps more significantly , it omits the entire process of assisting students in reaching a conclusion .
It divides evolution into a series of topics that are discussed separately .
Each topic includes a case for standard science , a reply to it , and then a further discussion area , where it switches back and forth between the two .
The text assiduously avoids suggesting that any conclusion can be reached at all .
At best , it could be described as a partial implementation of IBL , if it were n't for the atrocious presentation of scientific information it contains ( more , much more , on that below ) .
Divide and conquer
There are two obvious tactical reasons for the book 's omission of any explicit conclusions about the " debate . "
The first reason is simply that the authors know precisely the sort of conclusions they 'd like everyone to reach : some variation of the creationism that has been deemed legally intolerable by the courts .
But they 're also undoubtedly aware of survey results that indicate that well over 10 percent of US teachers " teach creationism as a ' valid scientific alternative to Darwinian explanations for the origin of species . ' "
By avoiding any conclusions , EE will allow those teachers to lead their students into precisely those conclusions that the book 's authors desire , all while providing them , and the Discovery Institute , with plausible deniability .
But the " divide and conquer " approach has a third feature that may also have been precisely what the authors intended .
As the book switches back and forth between perspectives and quickly changes topics , what gets completely lost is the internal consistency — the consilience — among the different lines of evidence .
The molecular , cladistic , and fossil evidence agree on the derivation of whales , birds , tetrapods , and other evolutionary transitions .
But EE presents them separately , attacking each in isolation .
One of science 's great strengths is the ability to create a coherent understanding from disparate lines of evidence .
One of the hardest tasks faced by science teachers is to weave the lines of evidence together for students , so that they can appreciate just how many phenomena a major theory ties together .
By attacking these lines of evidence separately , EE 's authors make it easier to claim that the fact that any one of them supports evolution was just a lucky fluke ( and they do precisely that ) .
This makes the hardest job of a teacher that much harder , and it makes a mockery of the use of IBL in the sciences .
最近はウェブサービスをする企業も増え始めています。その中には、クラウドコンピューティングサービスを実施しているところもあります。そんな業者の一つに、インターネット通信販売事業で成功を収めているアマゾンがあります。
それは、「aws」と呼ばれていて、それを運用する際にはworkspacesが活用されます。この記事では、awsの概要からworkspacesについてまで紹介します。
⇒awsの運用をするときにスクリプトを書けるエンジニアが必要な理由
awsとは ？
awsは、アマゾンが展開しているクラウド型のコンピューティングサービスのことで、正式名を「 Amazon Web Services」と言います。インターネットを活用した通信販売ですでに有名なアマゾンの系列会社がこのサービスを提供しています。
もともと、awsは、アマゾン社自体が自社のインフラを構築するために開発したものです。アマゾンの通信販売のシステムでは、連日世界中から多数のアクセスがあり、それに対応すべく、サーバー機器などの強化を続けてきたのですが、そのシステムを他社でも利用できるように解放したのが、awsのスタートでした。
awsの代表的なサービスとして「バブリッククラウド」があります。このサービスでは700以上ものサービスが利用可能です。この機能は、インターネットを経由してawsのコンソール画面にアクセスすることで利用可能です。
awsでは、実際にアマゾンが保有している最新テクノロジーを利用可能で、クラウドの基本サービスである「データーベース」・「レンタルサーバー」・「ストレージ」を利用することで、データのバックアップやデータの保管が可能です。
その他にも、機械学習システムや、画像認識システム、オンデマンド配信システム、IoTシステムなどの構築が可能です。
aws導入のメリット
awsのいちばんのメリットは、コストが安いことです。従量課金制が採用されているので、実際に利用した分のみの請求が来ます。つまり、日中のみしか利用しない企業などの場合は、夜間の料金は不要なのです。awsは高機能であるのも魅力です。
一般的にクラウド確立のためには、セキュリティ対策が必須となりますが、awsの場合は、アマゾンがこれまで自社で培った技術を使用して、セキュリティ認証を受けるなど、高いセキュリティ性を実現することで、世間からセキュリティに関する信用を勝ち取っています。
awsは、ビジネススピードの向上につながることも利点です。企業が企画を思いついた際には、すぐにプロトタイプを作れます。プロトタイプ作成後も、ストレージやCPUなどのパラメーターを容易に変更できるので、柔軟性や拡張性が高いこともメリットと言えるでしょう。
aws導入のデメリット
awsにもデメリットがあります。最初にあがるデメリットは、aws導入の際に予算化が困難なことです。先にも紹介したようにawsでは、使った分だけ請求が来る従量課金制がとられています。そのため、毎月の利用料金が固定額ではないので予算が立てづらいのです。
また、awsは多機能すぎて、サービスの選択が困難で、利用者を混乱させてしまうこともデメリットです。そのため、awsを利用し続けるためには、awsのサービスに関する知識を常に学習する必要があり、場合によっては専属のオペレーターをつける必要があるかもしれません。
なお、awsでは、これまで出てこなかったような、新しい概念がたくさん採用されています。これらのawsのサービスを使いこなすためには、aws特有の概念を理解する必要があります。その中でも、コンソールを使用してファイアウォールを設定するセキュリティグループの構築は難易度が高いことで知られています。
仮想デスクトップとは？
仮想デスクトップの概念は、データセンターなどのサーバー上に「仮想マシン」と言うものを稼働させて、利用者の端末にデスクトップ環境を再現させるものです。この場合のプログラムの動作は、サーバー上で行われていて、サーバーが表示している画面を、利用者の端末に転送します。
仮想デスクトップのメリットは、エンドユーザーの端末にデータを保管する必要がないことです。そのため、万が一エンドユーザーの端末が盗難や紛失にあっても、情報漏えいのリスクがありません。
また、エンドユーザー端末のストレージに余裕ができるため、端末が快適に動作するようになるのもメリットです。
営業マンなども外出先でアクセスが可能なところもメリットです。インターネット回線さえ確保していれば、取引先でも自宅でもデータの更新が可能で、営業マンも直出や直帰がしやすくなり、残業の軽減効果もあり働き方改革につながります。
WorkSpacesとは？
アマゾンWorkSpacesとは、マネージド型の仮想デスクトップサービスです。クライアントの端末がインターネットに接続されていれば場所や時間を問わず利用可能です。WorkSpacesの利点は、「スモールスタートが可能」なことです。
初期投資が不要で月額料金に関しては「固定料金 」と「従量課金」の2種類から選べます。固定料金制はたくさんのデータアクセスする人におすすめで、決められた一定の月額料金を支払うことで、サービスを無制限に利用可能です。
使用頻度が低い人は、従量課金がおすすめで、この場合は使用した分しか料金が発生しません。アクセス時間を最小限に抑えることでコストダウンが可能です。「端末を選ばないこと」もメリットです。利用可能な端末は、WindowsパソコンやMacパソコンなどに対応しているほか、各種タブレット端末にも対応しています。
各端末ごとに使用するソフトウエアは異なりますが、アマゾンのウェブサイトから無料でダウンロードが可能です。「オンプレミス環境との連携」も可能です。awsとオンプレミス環境を接続することで、既存のシステムをそのまま利用可能です。
「バックアップやセキュリティ面が安心」なこともメリットです。バックアップに関しては12時間ごとにバックアップしてくれます。awsとのデータのやり取りの際にはPCoIPプロトコルが利用されています。このプロトコルはデータのやり取りをする際に、データを圧縮し暗号化するものですので、高いセキュリティ性を誇ります。
クラウドに保管されているデータについても圧縮と暗号化がされているので、クラウド経由でデータが盗まれる心配もありません。
WorkSpacesを利用して快適なaws環境を利用しよう
ご紹介したように、awsは、通販サイトとして成功を収めている、アマゾンが提供しているクラウドコンピューティングサービスです。その中には、WorkSpacesというサービスがあります。WorkSpacesは、アマゾンが提供する仮想デスクトップサービスです。
WorkSpacesを利用することでいろいろなメリットがあるので、WorkSpacesサービスを利用して快適なaws環境を利用してみてはいかがでしょうか。
関連 ⇒AWS 監視・運用 マネージドクラウド | CloudCREW | ＧＭＯ クラウド株式会
社http://managed.gmocloud.com/managed/
The U.S. government is putting up $ 250 billion from the $ 700 billion financial - system rescue plan to inject capital directly into banks .
Officials hope banks will turn around and start lending more freely to consumers and businesses .
But what if the banks simply hoard the capital ?
“ That is a concern , ” said Rep. Spencer Bachus of Alabama , [… ]
I like the sleek exterior and modern interior of this concert hall in Cesk Budejovice , Czech Republic .
This is Jan Kaplicky 's final project .
The founder of the avant - garde architecture firm , Future Systems , past away last week at age 71 .
The building features a shiny , dark , undulating roof that is shaped like a sting ray .
Inside , the unique design features two concert halls–a philharmonic hall and a chamber music hall that will seat 1000 and 400 people respectively .
It will also feature a window behind the musicians that will allow concert - goers to take in views of the park outside .
Construction of the concert hall is due to start in 2010 and will open in 2013 .
courtesy of architects journal More Modern Architecture : “ Dupli Casa ” by Jurgen Mayer : Germany The Mondri and Elano Hotel : Las Vegas The Louvre Abu Dhabi ( 6 photos ) Green Dreams on Madison Square : New York A Magnificent Urban Plan Proposal : Ansan City , South Korea
Strong evidence of distortion in media ’s portrayal of Syrian invasion
Some of you may have read recently ( source , source , source , source , source , source , source ) that the United States broke international law on Sunday by violating the sovereignty of a UN member nation ( Syria ) without the necessary UN sanction and without the appropriate legal and moral criteria necessary to justify such an attack without UN sanction .
As an exercise , I decided to look at how the mainstream U.S. media covered the incident .
For the purposes of this exercise , I took mainstream media to consist of : CNN , FOX News , LA Times , Washington Post , NPR , USA Today , NY Times ¹ and Time Magazine .
At approximately 4 pm this afternoon , I conducted a google news search on the issue and filtered out all U.S. mainstream publications who had written on the issue of the U.S. ’s illegal raid into Syria .
The following pieces were generated by Google and the results of what they are saying to the American populace is frightening . ²
Some Key Distortions :
Of the nine unique pieces put forth by the U.S. mainstream media , 8 of the 9 fail to mention that there were several reports of children being killed by the U.S. attack .
The only piece to mention the alleged killing of children was FOX News and they mentioned it only to discredit such claims .
Of the nine unique pieces , 3 questioned whether the raid even took place ( usually describing the incident as “ Syrian claims ” ) .
Of the nine pieces , not one mentions the illegality of the raid ( although one does mention one quoted source ’s opinion that the raid could be a violation of U.S. - Iraqi bilateral agreements ) .
Of the nine pieces , only three highlight the legitimate grievances of the Syrian government .
Yet , every single one of the nine pieces mention “ foreign fighters ” or attacks against Iraq as legitimate justification for crossing border and launching an attack on Syrian civilians .
Below is a graphical representation of the distortion of the event by the mainstream U.S. media . ³
__________________
Notes :
¹ Google News Search did not generate any pieces at 4 pm for the New York Times .
² The titles of some of the listed articles have changed since the data was scraped from Google News .
The hyperlinks generated by Google News and listed above are unchanged as are the article headlines .
Any change in article headlines between what is listed above and what is linked to is a result of the publication in question changing the title sometime between 4 pm and 9:35 pm EDT .
³ While the articles themselves were scraped from Google News at 4 pm , the analysis of the content of each article did not take place until 9 pm EDT and thus the analysis above does take into account any changes in text which may have occurred between 4 pm and 9:35 pm EDT .
It should also be noted here that this post was originally going to be about the distortion of the Syrian incident as seen by the North American mainstream media rather than merely the American media .
However , at 4 pm EDT Google News failed to generate any mainstream Canadian news publications that filed their own reports on the invasion ( i.e. did not just buy a wire service report ) .
... or whatever .
Casual posts in webdev topics
Even as Rep. Michele Bachmann said she had been misunderstood , strong reaction Sunday to her claim that Barack Obama " may have anti-American views " brought an unexpected shakeup to the race in Minnesota 's Sixth Congressional District .
News reports , political TV shows and websites buzzed with chatter about Bachmann 's comments Friday on MSNBC 's " Hardball . "
On Friday , Bachmann was asked by host Chris Matthews whether she believes that Obama may have anti-American views .
She replied , " Absolutely .
I 'm very concerned that he may have anti-American views . "
The exchange took on national scope Sunday as former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell and U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi denounced the Republican 's comments .
Meanwhile , Elwyn Tinklenberg , Bachmann 's DFL opponent , said Sunday that her remarks about Obama triggered a surge of contributions to his campaign that will allow him to wage a more vigorous media campaign .
Tinklenberg 's campaign said that in the 48 hours after Bachmann 's remarks , $ 640,000 from nearly 13,000 people came in to his campaign .
That is more than all donations he received during the entire third quarter .
His campaign now will air more TV ads than it had planned this week .
National Democrats say they will help .
" We 're certainly going to be able to be on TV a lot more than we originally thought was going to be possible , " Tinklenberg said .
" We are confident that we are going to be able to go step for step with her the rest of the way . "
At the end of September , Bachmann had about $ 1 million more to spend than Tinklenberg .
It 's unknown how much she and the National Republican Congressional Committee will raise in the final weeks before the election .
The party , which recently has concentrated its efforts on saving embattled incumbents , has been spending money on ads in the Sixth District .
Strong rebuffs
In Washington to endorse Obama on Sunday , Powell referred to Bachmann 's call for a media inquiry of Congress , saying " we have got to stop this kind of nonsense . "
Pelosi , the speaker of the House , is scheduled to campaign in the Twin Cities today for Ashwin Madia , who is running against Republican Erik Paulsen in the Third District .
Pelosi said Bachmann 's suggestions that members of Congress should be investigated for possibly being un-American " dishonors the office she holds " and " discredits the person who is speaking it . "
Bachmann was unavailable for comment Sunday afternoon .
But her spokeswoman , Michelle Marston , said that the money going to Tinklenberg is too late to improve voter awareness of him and that Bachmann 's reputation is well - established .
" Michele Bachmann , people either love her or they hate her , " Marston said .
" But they all know who she is , and they all have an opinion about her . "
On Sunday morning , Bachmann had softened her stance on Obama .
Appearing on WCCO - TV , she said , " I feel his views are concerning , and I 'm calling on the media to investigate them .
I 'm not saying that his views are anti-American .
That was a misreading of what I said . "
On Friday , on MSNBC's " Hardball , " Bachmann asserted that Obama has a close connection to 1960s radical William Ayers .
FactCheck.org , a nonpartisan effort by the Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania , said , " There 's ... no evidence of a deep or strong ' friendship ' with Ayers . "
Bachmann also said on MSNBC , " I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out are they pro-America or anti-America . "
Those remarks prompted a wave of chatter on the Internet .
On www.startribune.com alone , hundreds of readers had posted reactions to her remarks by Sunday afternoon .
Said Marston : " We 've gotten many calls and e-mails .
Some of them are just plain nasty , and some of them are overwhelmingly supportive . "
A strategic error ?
Bachmann has the benefits of incumbency and a district that has been reliably Republican , the kind of realities that might dissuade a Republican politician from taking risks on TV .
When Tom Brokaw asks McCain whether he agrees with Rush Limbaugh when he says Colin Powell 's endorsement of Barack Obama was based purely on race , McCain reverts to his standard talking point that he 's honored to have received the endorsement of five other Secretaries of State .
Unfortunately for McCain , he completely bungles it when he cant seem to remember the name of that last guy whose endorsement he 's so honored to have ...
MR. RUSH LIMBAUGH :
It was totally about race .
The Powell nomination , or endorsement , total , totally about race .
MR .
BROKAW : Do you agree with Rush Limbaugh ?
SEN .
McCAIN : * No ... I 'm disappointed in General Powell , but I 'm very , very happy to know that five former secretaries of state who I admire enormously -- Henry Kissinger , Jim Baker , Larry Eagleburger , Al Haig , ummm .. [ Laughs ] Ummm ... Jim Baker , Henry Kissinger , Al Haig , Larry Eagleburger [ sigh ] and one other .... and over 200 retired flag general -- generals and admirals are supporting my campaign .
I 'm very proud of their support ...
MR .
BROKAW : Senator , we opened today with a -- how you 're doing in Iowa .
The Des Moines Register has endorsed ...
SEN .
McCAIN : George Shultz !
George Shultz is the other one .
MR .
BROKAW : George Shultz , right .
I guess McCain does n't realize that winning the endorsement of five Republican Secretaries of State is n't exactly that impressive .
Especially when he can't even name them all .
Chalk it up to another one of those " senior moments . "
* Corrected transcript
Updated September 6 , 2010 for the latest Dr. Dobbs URL mapping .
I also found several more articles .
I answered a question over at StackOverflow about finding old TPJ articles .
I 'm not sure why the guy was n't searching for TPJ , but that 's what I did to get this list of results .
With a little scraping , now you have an index of the articles on Dr. Dobbs that were published under The Perl Journal .
They even have some of the PDF files available .
This covers the period after TPJ was part of SysAdmin and after they tried publishing the issues as PDF only .
Huh , I was the last person to publish an article in TPJ .
Go figure .
I have n't verified this for completeness , so if you find missing articles , just send me the link .
PDFs
Put together by broomduster
New York City voters who planned to vote by mail in November 's election are worried their votes will be invalid after residents in two boroughs have complained ...
New York City voters who planned to vote by mail in November 's election are worried their votes will be invalid after residents in two boroughs have complained ...
Some courageous Republicans have started asking the question :
Do we really need to count ALL of the votes ?
After all , counting is hard .
( This is also a good ...
Guy Aitchison ( London , OK ) :
This little nugget from the latest NO2ID email :
A website launched by the government in July to find out what 16 - 25 year olds think of the national ID scheme has been closed .
Visitors to the site are now greeted by the message " Site off - line :
The mylifemyid community has now finished .
Many thanks for your contribution .
We will post a notification here when the report is published " .
Most of the comments posted on the site , that cost £ 76,249 to set up and maintain , were against ID cards and the National Identity Register so it will be interesting to see the promised report ...
What I love most about this is the name the Home Office bods ( or whichever private consultancy firm the 76 k went to ) came up with to try and make ID cards appealing to people of my age group .
You can just imagine them - " The yoof love MySpace do n't they ?
How about calling it ' mylifemyid ' ? " ... only to be swamped by a tsunami of hostile comment , most of which was probably unpublishable .
Makes yer proud , does n't it ?
I do n't know much about the design of IEEE floating point , except for the fact that a lot of knowledge and what they call " intellectual effort " went into it .
I do n't even know the requirements , and I suspect those were pretty detailed and complex ( for example , the benefits of having a separate representation for +0 and - 0 seem hard to grasp unless you know about the very specific and hairy examples in the complex plane ) .
So I do n't trust my own summary of the requirements very much .
That said , here 's the summary : the basic purpose of IEEE floating point is to give you results of the highest practically possible precision at each step of your computation .
I 'm not going to claim this requirement is misguided , because I do n't feel like arguing with people two orders of magnitude more competent than myself who have likely faced much tougher numerical problems than I 've ever seen .
What I will claim is that differences in numerical needs divide programmers into roughly three camps , and the highest - possible - precision approach hurts one of them really badly , and so has to be worked around in ways we 'll discuss .
The camps are :
The huge camp of people who do businessy accounting .
Those should work with integral types to get complete , deterministic , portable control over rounding and all that .
Many of the clueless people in this camp represent 1 dollar and 10 cents as the floating point number 1.1 .
While they are likely a major driving force behind economical growth , I still think they deserve all the trouble they bring upon themselves .
The tiny camp doing high - end scientific computing .
Those are the people who can really appreciate the design of IEEE floating point and use its full power .
It 's great that humanity accidentally satisfied the needs of this small but really cool group , making great floating point hardware available everywhere through blind market forces .
It 's like having a built - in Stradivari in each home appliance .
Yes , perhaps I exaggerate ; I get that a lot .
The sizable camp that deals with low - end to mid-range semi-scientific computing .
You know , programs that have some geometry or physics or algebra in them .
99.99 % of the code snippets in that realm work great with 64 b floating point , without the author having invested any thought at all into " numerical analysis " .
99 % of the code works with 32b floats .
When someone stumbles upon a piece of code in the 1 % and actually witnesses fatal precision loss , everybody gathers to have a look as if they heard about a beautiful rainbow or a smoke suggesting a forest fire near the horizon .
The majority of people who use and actually should be using floating point are thus in camp 3 .
Those people do n't care about precision anywhere near camp 2 , nor do they know how to make the best of IEEE floating point in the very unlikely circumstances where their naive approach will actually fail to work .
What they do care about though is consistency .
It 's important that things compute the same on all platforms .
Perhaps more importantly for most , they should compute the same under different build settings , most notably debug and release mode , because otherwise you can't reproduce problems .
Side note : I do n't believe in build modes ; I usually debug production code in release mode .
It 's not just floating point that 's inconsistent across modes – it's code snippets with behavior undefined by the language , buggy dependence on timing , optimizer bugs , conditional compilation , etc .
Many other cans of worms .
But the fact is that most people have trouble debugging optimized code , and nobody likes it , so it 's nice to have the option to debug in debug mode , and to do that , you need things to reproduce there .
Also , comparing results of different build modes is one way to find worms from those other cans , like undefined behavior and optimizer bugs .
Also , many changes you make are optimizations or refaptorings and you can check their sanity by making sure they did n't change the results of the previous version .
As we 'll see , IEEE FP wo n't give you even that , regardless of platforms and build modes .
The bottom line is that if you 're in camp 3 , you want consistency , while the " only " things you can expect from IEEE FP is precision and speed .
Sure , " only " should be put in quotes because it's a lot to get , it 's just a real pity that fulfilling the smaller and more popular wish for consistency is somewhere between hard and impossible .
Some numerical analysts seem annoyed by the camp 3 whiners .
To them I say : look , if IEEE FP was n't the huge success that it is in the precision and speed departments , you would n't be hearing from us because we'd be busy struggling with those problems .
What we 're saying is the exact opposite of " IEEE FP sucks " .
It 's " IEEE FP is so damn precise and fast that I 'm happy with ALL of its many answers – the one in optimized x86 build , the one in debug PowerPC build , the one before I added a couple of local variables to that function and the one I got after that change .
I just wish I consistently got ONE of these answers , any of them , but the same one . "
I think it 's more flattering than insulting .
I 've accumulated quite some experience in defeating the purpose of IEEE floating point and getting consistency at the ( tiny , IMO ) cost of precision and speed .
I want to share this knowledge with humanity , with the hope of getting rewarded in the comments .
The reward I 'm after is a refutation of my current theory that you can only eliminate 95% - 99 % of the pain automatically and have to solve the rest manually each time it raises its ugly head .
The pain breakdown
I know three main sources of floating point inconsistency pain :
Algebraic compiler optimizations " Complex " instructions like multiply - accumulate or sine x86 - specific pain not available on any other platform ; not that ~100 % of non-embedded devices is a small market share for a pain .
The good news is that most pain comes from item 3 which can be more or less solved automatically .
For the purpose of decision making ( " should we invest energy into FP consistency or is it futile ? " ) , I 'd say that it 's not futile and if you can cite actual benefits you 'd get from consistency , than it 's worth the ( continuous ) effort .
Disclaimer : I only discuss problems I know and to the extent of my understanding .
I have no solid evidence that this understanding is complete .
Perhaps the pain breakdown list should have item 4 , and perhaps items 1 to 3 have more meat than I think .
And while I tried to get the legal stuff right – which behavior conforms to IEEE 754 , which conforms to C99 , and which conforms to nothing but is still out there – I 'm generally a weak tech lawyer and can be wrong .
I can only give you the " worked on my 4 families of machines " kind of warranty .
Algebraic compiler optimizations
Compilers , or more specifically buggy optimization passes , assume that floating point numbers can be treated as a field – you know , associativity , distributivity , the works .
This means that a +b+c can be computed in either the order implied by ( a+b ) + c or the one implied by a +( b+ c ) .
Adding actual parentheses in source code does n't help you one bit .
The compiler assumes associativity and may implement the computation in the order implied by regrouping your parentheses .
Since each floating point operation loses precision on some of the possible inputs , the code generated by different optimizers or under different optimization settings may produce different results .
This could be extremely intimidating because you can't trust any FP expression with more than 2 inputs .
However , I think that programming languages in general do n't allow optimizers to make these assumptions , and in particular , the C standard does n't ( C99 § 5.1.2.3 # 13 , did n't read it in the document but saw it cited in two sources ) .
So this sort of optimization is actually a bug that will likely be fixed if reported , and at any given time , the number of these bugs in a particular compiler should be small .
I only recall one recurring algebraic optimization problem .
Specifically , a *( b+1 ) tended to be compiled to a *b + a in release mode .
The reason is that floating - point literal values like 1 are expensive ; 1 becomes a hairy hexadecimal value that has to be loaded from a constant address at run time .
So the optimizer was probably happy to optimize a literal away .
I was always able to solve this problem by changing the spelling in the source code to a *b+ a – the optimizer simply had less work to do , while the debug build saw no reason to make me miserable by undoing my regrouping back into a *( b+1 ) .
This implies a general way of solving this sort of problem : find what the optimizer does by looking at the generated assembly , and do it yourself in the source code .
This almost certainly guarantees that debug and release will work the same .
With different compilers and platforms , the guarantee is less certain .
The second optimizer may think that the optimization you copied from the first optimizer into your source code is brain - dead , and undo it and do a different optimization .
However , that means you target two radically different optimizers , both of which are buggy and can't be fixed in the near future ; how unlucky can you get ?
The bottom line is that you rarely have to deal with this problem , and when it can't be solved with a bug report , you can look at the assembly and do the optimization in the source code yourself .
If that fails because you have to use two very different and buggy compilers , use the shotgun described in the next item .
" Complex " instructions
Your target hardware can have instructions computing " non-trivial " expressions beyond a*b or a+b , such as a +=b*c or sin( x ) .
The precision of the intermediate result b*c in a +=b*c may be higher than the size of an FP register would allow , had that result been actually stored in a register .
IEEE and the C standard think it 's great , because the single instruction generated from a +=b*c is both faster and more precise than the 2 instructions implementing it as d=b*c , a=a+d .
Camp 3 people like myself do n't think it 's so great , because it happens in some build modes but not others , and across platforms the availability of these instruction varies , as does their precision .
AFAIK the " contraction " of a +=b*c is permitted by both the IEEE FP standard ( which defines FP + and *) and the C standard ( which defines FP types that can map to standards other than IEEE ) .
On the other hand , sin(x ) , which also gets implemented in hardware these days , is n't addressed by either standard – to the same effect of making the optimization perfectly legitimate .
So you can't solve this by reporting a bug the way you could with algebraic optimizations .
The other way in which this is tougher is that tweaking the code according to the optimizer 's wishes does n't help much .
AFAIK what can help is one of these two things :
Ask the compiler to not generate these instructions .
Sometimes there 's an exact compiler option for that , like gcc 's platform - specific - mno - fused - madd flag , or there 's ( a defined and actually implemented ) pragma directive such as # pragma STDC FP_CONTRACT .
Sometimes you do n't have any of that , but you can lie to the compiler that you 're using an older ( compatible ) revision of the processor architecture without the " complex " instructions .
The latter is an all - or - nothing thing enabling / disabling lots of stuff , so it can degrade performance in many different ways ; you have to check the cost .
If compiler flags can't help , there 's the shotgun approach I promised to discuss above , also useful for hypothetical cases of hard - to - work - around algebraic optimizations .
Instead of helping the optimizer , we get in its way and make optimization impossible using separate compilation .
For example , we can convert a +=b*c to a+=multiply_dammit( b, c ) ; multiply _dammit is defined in a separate file .
This makes it impossible for most optimizers to see the expression a +=b*c , and forces them to implement multiplication and addition separately .
Modern compilers support link - time inlining and then they do optimize the result as a whole .
But you can disable that option , and as a side effect speed up linkage a great deal ; if that seriously hurts performance , your program is insane and you 're a team of scary ravioli coders .
The trouble with the shotgun approach , aside from its ugliness , is that you can't afford to shoot at the performance - critical parts of your code that way .
Let us hope that you 'll never really have to choose between FP consistency and performance , as I 've never had to date .
x86
Intel is the birthplace of IEEE floating point , and the manufacturer of the most camp - 3 - painful and otherwise convoluted FP hardware .
The pain comes , somewhat understandably , from a unique commitment to the IEEE FP philosophy – intermediate results should be as precise as possible ; more on that in a moment .
The " convoluted " part is consistent with the general insanity of the x86 instruction set .
Specifically , the " old " ( a.k.a " x87 " ) floating point unit uses a stack architecture for addressing FP operands , which is pretty much the exact opposite of the compiler writer 's dream target , but so is the rest of x86 .
The " new " floating point instructions in SSE do n't have these problems , at the cost of creating the aesthetic / psychiatric problem of actually having two FP ISAs in the same processor .
Now , in our context we do n't care about the FP stack thingie and all that , the only thing that matters is the consistency of precision .
The " old " FP unit handles precision thusly .
Precision of stuff written to memory is according to the number of bits of the variable , ' cause what else can it be .
Precision of intermediate results in the " registers " ( or the " FP stack " or whatever you call it ) is defined according to the FPU control & status register , globally for all intermediate results in your program .
By default , it 's 80 bits .
This means that when you compute a *b+c*d and a , b , c , d are 32 b floats , a*b and c*d are computed in 80 b precision , and then their 80 b sum is converted to a 32b result in memory ( if a *b + c*d is indeed written to memory and is n't itself an " intermediate " result ) .
Indeed , what 's " intermediate " in the sense of not being written to memory and what is n't ?
That depends on :
Debug / release build .
If we have " float e=a * b+c*d " , and e is only used once right in the next line , the optimizer probably wo n't see a point in writing it to memory .
However , in a debug build there 's a good reason to allocate it in memory , because if you single - step your program and you 're already past the line that used e , you still might want to look at the value of e , so it 's good that the compiler kept a copy of it for the debugger to find .
The code " near " e=a *b+ c*d according to the compiler 's notion of proximity also affects its decisions .
There are only so many registers , and sometimes you run out of them and have to store things in memory .
This means that if you add or remove code near the line or in inline functions called near the line , the allocation of intermediate results may change .
Compilers could have an option asking them to hide this mess and give us consistent results .
The problems with this are that ( 1 ) if you care about cross-platform / compiler consistency , then the availability of cross - mode consistency options in one compiler does n't help with the other compiler and ( 2 ) for some reason , compilers apparently do n't offer this option in a very good way .
For example , MS C++ used to have a / fltconsistency switch but seems to have abandoned it in favor of an insane special - casing of the syntax float ( a*b ) + float ( c*d ) – that spelling forces consistency ( although the C++ standard does n't assign it a special meaning not included in the plain and sane a * b + c*d ) .
I 'd guess they changed it because of the speed penalty it implies rather than the precision penalty as they say .
I have n't heard about someone caring both about consistency and that level of precision , but I did hear that gcc 's consistency - forcing - ffloat - store flag caused notable slowdowns .
And the reason it did is implied by its name – AFAIK the only way to implement x86 FP consistency at compile time is to generate code storing FP values to memory to get rid of the extra precision bits .
And - ffloat - store only affects named variables , not unnamed intermediate results ( annoying , is n't it ? ) , so / fltconsistency , assuming it actually gave you consistency of all results , should have been much slower .
Anyway , the bottom line seems to be that you can't get much help from compilers here ; deal with it yourself .
Even Java gave up on its initial intent of getting consistent results on the x87 FPU and retreated to a cowardly strictfp scheme .
And the thing is , you never have to deal with it outside of x86 – all floating point units I 've come across , including the ones specified by Intel 's SSE and SSE2 , simply compute 32b results from 32b inputs .
People who decided to do it that way and rob us of quite some bits of precision have my deepest gratitude , because there 's absolutely no good way to work around the generosity of the original x86 FPU designers and get consistent results .
Here 's what you can do :
Leave the FP CSR configured to 80b precision .
32 b and 64b intermediate results are n't really 32 b and 64b .
The fact that it 's the default means that if you care about FP result consistency , intensive hair pulling during your first debugging sessions is an almost inevitable rite of passage .
Set the FP CSR to 64b precision .
If you only use 64b variables , debug==release and you 're all set .
If you have 32 b floats though , then intermediate 32b results are n't really 32b .
And usually you do have 32b floats .
Set the FP CSR to 32b precision .
debug==release , but you 're far from " all set " because now your 64b results , intermediate or otherwise , are really 32b .
Not only is this a stupid waste of bits , it is not unlikely to fail , too , because 32 b is n't sufficient even for some of the problems encountered by camp 3 .
And of course it 's not compatible with other platforms .
Set the FP CSR to 64b precision during most of the program run , and temporarily set it to 32b in the parts of the program using 32 b floats .
I would n't go down that path ; option 4 is n't really an option .
I doubt that you use both 32 b and 64b variables in a very thoughtful way and manage to have a clear boundary between them .
If you depend on the ability of everyone to correctly maintain the CSR , then it sucks sucks sucks .
Side note : I sure as hell do n't believe in " very special " " testing " build / running modes .
For example , you could say that you have a special mode where you use option ( 3 ) and get 32b results , and use that mode to test debug==release or something .
I think it 's completely self - defeating , because the point of consistency is being able to reproduce a phenomenon X that happens in a mode which is actually important , in another mode where reproducing X is actually useful .
Therefore , who needs consistency across inherently useless modes ?
We'd be defeating the purpose of defeating the purpose of IEEE floating point .
Therefore , if you do n't have SSE , the only option is ( 2 ) – set the FP CSR to 64 b and try to avoid 32 b floats .
On Linux , you can do it with :
#include < fpu_control.h > fpu_control_t cw ; _FPU_GETCW( cw ) ; cw = ( cw & ~ _FPU_EXTENDED ) | _FPU_DOUBLE ; _FPU_SETCW( cw ) ;
Do it first thing in main ( ) .
If you use C++ , you should do it first thing before main ( ) , because people can use FP in constructors of global variables .
This can be achieved by figuring out the compiler - specific translation unit initialization order , compiling your own C/C++ start - up library , overriding the entry point of a compiled start - up library using stuff like LD_PRELOAD , overwriting it in a statically linked program right there in the binary image , having a coding convention forcing to call FloatingPointSingleton : : instance ( ) before using FP , or shooting the people who like to do things before main ( ) .
It 's a trade - off .
The situation is really even worse because the FPU CSR setting only affects mantissa precision but not the exponent range , so you never work with " real " 64 b or 32 b floats there .
This matters in cases of huge numbers ( overflow ) and tiny numbers ( double rounding of subnormals ) .
But it 's bad enough already , and camp 3 people do n't really care about the extra horror ; if you want those Halloween stories , you can find them here .
The good news are that today , you are quite likely to have SSE2 and very likely to have SSE on your machine .
So you can automatically sanitize all the mess as follows :
If you have SSE2 , use it and live happily ever after .
SSE2 supports both 32 b and 64b operations and the intermediate results are of the size of the operands .
BTW , mixed expressions like a+b where a is float and b is double do n't create consistency problems on any platform because the C standard specifies the rules for promotion precisely and portably ( a will be promoted to double ) .
The gcc way of using SSE2 for FP is - mfpmath=sse -msse2 .
If you only have SSE , use it for 32 b floats which it does support ( gcc : - mfpmath=sse - msse ) .
64 b floats will go to the old FP unit , so you 'll have to configure it to 64b intermediate results .
Everything will work , the only annoying things being ( 1 ) the retained necessity to shoot the people having fun before main and ( 2 ) the slight differences in the semantics of control flags in the old FP and the SSE FP CSR , so if you configure your own policy , floats and doubles will not behave exactly the same .
Neither problem is a very big deal .
Interestingly , SSE with its support for SIMD FP commands actually can make things worse in the standard - violating - algebraic - optimizations department .
Specifically , Intel 's compiler reportedly has ( had ? ) an optimization which unrolls FP accumulation loops and reorders additions in order to utilize SIMD FP commands ( gcc 4 does that , too , but only if you explicitly ask for trouble with - funsafe - math - optimizations or similar ) .
But I would n't conclude anything from it , except that automatic vectorization , which is known to work only on the simplest of code snippets , actually does n't work even on them .
Summary : use SSE2 or SSE , and if you can't , configure the FP CSR to use 64b intermediates and avoid 32 b floats .
Even the latter solution works passably in practice , as long as everybody is aware of it .
I think I covered everything I know except for things like long double , FP exceptions , etc. – and if you need that , you 're not in camp 3 ; go away and hang out with your ivory tower numerical analyst friends .
If you know a way to automate away more pain , I 'll be grateful for every FP inconsistency debugging afternoon your advice will save me .
Happy Halloween !
Rejection can make a person more intuitive .
New research suggests individuals who have faced the cold shoulder can more easily spot phony people .
The ability to spot a fabricated smile , exhibited by test subjects who had suffered rejection , could be a relic of our past , the researchers said .
" This seems to be a skill we 've acquired through evolution , " said researcher Michael Bernstein , a doctoral student in social psychology at Miami University in Ohio .
" Living in groups several hundreds of years ago was extremely important to survival .
Being kicked out of the group was like death , so they became very good at reading facial expressions and social cues . "
A similar , albeit perhaps less lethal , threat occurs when you get knocked out of a clique at school or in the office .
In fact , past research has shown social exclusion can make a person cold , literally .
And another study revealed that loneliness , at least in older adults , is linked with high blood pressure .
" People these days who are rejected are in a dangerous place because of evolutional pressure to find their way back into a group , " Bernstein said .
Spot the fake
Bernstein and his colleagues , including MU psychologist Heather Claypool , studied this phenomenon in 32 individuals , about evenly split between men and women .
The researchers had some individuals write about a time when they felt excluded or rejected , while others wrote about a time they felt accepted , and the control group just wrote about what happened yesterday .
Rejected stories included breaking up with a partner and not being called when your friends go out .
A football player who had been injured wrote how he could no longer play and felt his football friends did n't associate with him as much .
The participants then watched 20 quick videos showing a person with either a fake or real smile .
The results showed that those primed to feel rejection distinguished the fake smiles nearly 80 percent of the time , compared with about 60 percent for the accepted and control individuals .
Smiling eyes
Turns out , the eyes might hold the clues for bogus versus genuine smiles .
" We think that rejected people are probably looking harder at these faces , and they may actually be looking at better spots on the face , " Bernstein told LiveScience .
He added that rejected participants may have focused more on the smiling person 's eyes .
" A real smile is not shown in the mouth ; it 's shown in the eyes , " he said .
" There are muscles around the eyes that are indicative of a real smile , whereas a fake smile just requires the mouth muscles . "
The results were surprising to some of the researchers , who thought rejection would cause individuals to cling to any inkling of camaraderie .
Rather , getting the boot from a group makes a person that much more savvy when it comes to entering another one .
" Some thought the subjects who had been rejected would latch on to any sign of positivity and accept the insincere smiles as genuine , " Bernstein said .
" But it 's clear we 're equipped with radar for identifying who is open to affiliation and who is not . "
The research is detailed in the October issue of the journal Psychological Science .
( Heather co-wrote this post )
This clip has a lot of goodies in it including Palin bring up her clothes right before the election and David 's shock at the circling firing squad by the McCain camp directed at Sarah .
What is rare is to have campaign aides putting a harpoon in the candidate , and then some of the candidate 's friends firing back .
But on a serious note , As McCain keeps attacking Obama as a " socialist " and a " Redistributionist in Chief , " David Gergen reminds us that Ronald Reagan actually starting " spreading the wealth . "
Gergen : Now , one of the most effective popular programs we 've had in the last three decades .
It 's called the earned income tax credit .
It 's a program whereby , if you 're a working person , a working couple and you 're below the poverty line , the government will actually give you money .
That 's a redistributed program .
It 's a program which takes money from the upper classes and gives it to the lower -- to the working poor .
Now who started that program ?
The earned income tax credit ?
Ronald Reagan .
It was one of the -- it was an achievement of the Reagan administration that Bill Clinton then built on .
The Republican Party has been dancing on Reagan 's bones for some time now as THE conservative to emulate .
Well , he did raise taxes when he had too and after this tidbit of information I guess he 's just a typical socialist after all .
Full transcript available here .
( From Anderson Cooper 360 Oct. 27 , 2008 a mash up of David Gergen 's remarks . )
COOPER : And , yet , David , yesterday , they were surprised because Hasselbeck brings is up , and then Sarah Palin talks about it quite extensively , not just about accessories , but about the wardrobe .
I mean , how damaging is something like this ?
DAVID GERGEN , CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST : I think it 's damaging in a couple of ways , Anderson .
You know , we were -- just late last week , we were talking about the fact that -- that there was a very , very tight window in which McCain had to turn the momentum in this campaign ...
( CROSSTALK )
COOPER : Right .
You said three , four days .
CROSSTALK )
GERGEN : ... Monday .
Three or four days .
And we were talking about that last Thursday , Friday .
Here we are on Monday night now , and we 're still talking about Palin 's wardrobe .
I mean , that 's exactly where they -- what they do not want to be talking about , if they 're going to have a fighting chance to -- to win this .
And the second thing , you know , we have heard for the last few days , well , it 's not unusual to have finger - pointing in a campaign , a lot of aides backbiting each other .
What is rare is to have campaign aides putting a harpoon in the candidate , and then some of the candidate 's friends firing back .
That is -- that is extremely rare .
It does seem to me that 's -- that 's disloyal to the candidate .
It 's unfair to the candidate .
Whatever else you think about Sarah Palin , she does not deserve to be taking shots from within -- within her own campaign .
[....]
COOPER : David , I see you kind of shaking your head .
GERGEN : Oh , it 's just -- it 's absurd .
It 's absurd that we 're sitting here ...
KING : Yes , it is .
GERGEN : ... talking about her -- her clothing and this and that eight days before a major national election .
COOPER : And , yet , she 's talking about it .
I mean , she's ...
GERGEN : Absolutely .
The McCain campaign ...
( CROSSTALK )
COOPER : As far I was concerned , this thing was gone , and , then , this weekend , all of a sudden , they 're both -- they 're talking about it .
GERGEN : I totally agree .
This was not manufactured by the media on Sunday .
This was manufactured by the campaign .
But it 's just an absurd place to be , if you have got a large national campaign , with -- with an economy in crisis .
[.....]
COOPER : David , I want to talk a little bit with you about some of the accusations being made now by John McCain , kind of hitting Barack Obama on this sort of socialism thing .
There was a very testy interview with an Orlando news anchor between the anchor and Joe Biden .
I just want to play a little bit of this for our viewers .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
You may recognize this famous quote : " from each according to his abilities to each according to his needs . "
That 's from Karl Marx .
How is Senator Obama not being a Marxist , if he intends to spread the wealth around ?
BIDEN : Are you joking ?
Is this a joke ?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : No .
BIDEN : Or is that a real question ?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
That is a question .
( LAUGHTER )
( END VIDEO CLIP )
COOPER : It 's certainly a question the McCain campaign has kind of been hammering at , portraying Obama as a socialist .
You hear that on -- on the Palin campaign as well .
Is it working ?
GERGEN : They may be making some modest progress with it , Anderson .
We did see some evidence of McCain coming up a point or two here and there .
I do n't think it 's anywhere near close enough to win an election .
And more importantly , I do n't think the Democrats have really answered it appropriately .
You know , Teddy Roosevelt , a Republican , was very much an advocate of what 's called progressive taxation .
Ad that is the rich pay more than the poor in terms of taxes .
Now , one of the most effective popular programs we 've had in the last three decades .
It 's called the earned income tax credit .
It 's a program whereby , if you 're a working person , a working couple and you 're below the poverty line , the government will actually give you money .
That 's a redistributed program .
It 's a program which takes money from the upper classes and gives it to the lower -- to the working poor .
Now who started that program ?
The earned income tax credit ?
Ronald Reagan .
It was one of the -- it was an achievement of the Reagan administration that Bill Clinton then built on .
So I think that these arguments are -- you know , some of them get so carried away that they do n't recognize the realities of what we 've been going through in public policy and the big arguments about why the wealth over the last 30 years has been redistributed .
It 's been redistributed upwards .
COOPER : John ...
Earlier this summer , we covered a report suggesting that the majority of corporate data loss comes from risky employee actions and systemic failures at the corporate level when it comes to implementing comprehensive IT security policies .
Now , a new study from Compuware reports new information that supports Trend Micro 's conclusions from back in July .
The unsung heroes in the IT department , it turns out , may be doing a better job stopping outside hackers than they get credit for .
According to a new study ( PDF , info required ) from Compuware , IT departments should take a bow — only 1 percent of corporate data losses this past year were due to hackers .
Unfortunately , the good news mostly ends there .
Negligent employees are far and away the largest cause of data breaches , but IT managers also listed outsourcing and malicious employees ( possibly ex-employees as well , one assumes ) as two significant reasons why data breaches often occur .
Compuware reports that of the 1,112 IT practitioners it surveyed , 79 percent reported that their organization had experienced at least one data breach .
That 's an extraordinarily high number , but there are several intervening variables that may have inflated it .
Compuware does not completely define the term " data breach . "
It provides an indication of what it means by describing a data breach as " the loss or theft of information
about individuals such as consumer data , customer information , employee records , and so forth . "
That definition is more than adequate for a general discussion or description ,
but fails to address certain meaningful nuances .
about individuals such as consumer data , customer information , employee records , and so forth . "
That definition is more than adequate for a general discussion or description , but fails to address certain meaningful nuances .
Compuware does not filter its results by magnitude ; a breach that affected two million people is treated equally to one that impacted just two .
Compuware does not filter by severity ; this is where the subtle nuances of definition I mentioned earlier come into play .
We know that a data breach involves the loss or
theft of consumer data or employee records , for example , but no information on what , precisely , was stolen or exposed .
If I 'm a customer of JC Penney , and someone steals the list of customers who bought there over the past
24 months , I 'm unhappy .
If that list contained my home phone number and address , I 'm concerned .
If , on the other hand , that list contained my phone number , address , Social Security number , and credit card information , I 'm downright worried , and may wish to take immediate action .
I raise these variables because the " gotcha ! " of this particular story — 79 percent of companies reporting data breaches — has , in my view , been somewhat distorted in the reporting .
Compuware 's figures may be perfectly accurate , but I 'd be careful when drawing any conclusions from them — not every data breach is of TJ Maxx proportions .
In general , Compuware 's study seems well - grounded and covers a number of interesting topics .
Asked where their efforts are typically focused post - breach , a large group — 41 percent of those surveyed — indicated that they participate in investigating , categorizing , and verifying the particulars of the incident .
18 percent of respondents indicate they were involved in remediation activities , 16 percent were tasked with training and educating staff or personnel , 11 percent conducted a root - cause analysis , and 10 percent established an incident response team .
I 'm not sure what to make of that last , since incident response teams are emergency groups trained to respond when an emergency occurs .
The fact that so many respondents were involved in specifically establishing one implies that 10 percent of the organizations surveyed did n't have them to begin with .
Note the relatively low number of IT employees who were asked to spend time training fellow workers , as this will be important later .
Next up , we 've got what I personally consider to be the most interesting information in the report , for all that it 's largely gone unreported by the press .
Having ascertained the roles IT personnel are most likely to play in the event of a data breach , Compuware asked them how confident they are in their own organization 's ability to respond to such an event .
The majority of IT workers surveyed are clearly less - than confident in their employer 's ability to monitor and detect information theft , even though they themselves almost certainly play a role in such efforts ; 56 percent of respondents labeled themselves either " Somewhat confident " or " Not confident . "
As for the " Unsure " category , it 's hard to imagine that the security professionals who opted for this category are secretly " Very Confident " or " Confident . "
As for why the breaches themselves occur , there 's one category that stands out in particular :
Asked to name the leading causes of data breaches , IT staff could n't run for the negligence category fast enough .
Combine this with the fact that most workers do n't trust their company to monitor the occurrence of data theft and the fact that relatively few IT staffers are tasked with employee training post - breach , the entire corporate security model begins to sway suspiciously .
The majority of IT professionals surveyed do n't believe their employers can adequately monitor company resources for data breaches or prevent these breaches from occurring .
Who 's causing the breaches ?
Negligent employees .
Given these two facts , one would expect to see the number of IT staff involved in employee training to skyrocket post - breach , as the company attempts to plug the hole , but again , evidence suggests this is n't happening ; the majority of IT staffers are involved in fixing the technical aspects of the problem , with relatively few addressing the root cause of the issue .
This obviously makes some sense , given that the IT department was n't hired to teach Security 101 , but it may also indicate that company management has n't grasped the true root of the problem .
It 's easy to bring in a consultant for some remedial security training , but without the explicit involvement of the IT department , such training will inevitably focus more on general bad practices and less on the specific situations that may have exposed customer data in this particular case .
There 's nothing in Compuware 's report , meanwhile , that suggests this loop is changing , or that IT workers today feel more confident in their company 's ability to deal with a data breach than employees did five years ago .
The report ultimately suggests that the vast majority of companies have security models that are semifunctional at best .
Accountability is a hit - or - miss affair , confidence in the system as a whole is minimal , and the flaws that contribute to data breaches are n't confined to any single level of an organization .
Not the most optimistic Friday read , I 'll admit , but the results are n't all that surprising , either .
A Carl Hayden High School student is in the hospital after being struck by a Phoenix police patrol cruiser Tuesday .
The officer was responding to a call near 35th Avenue and Roosevelt Street when he struck the 15 - year - old boy crossing the street in front of the school .
The officer was responding to a bank robbery at the Bank of America on 115th Avenue and Buckeye Road according to the Phoenix Police Department and had his lights and sirens on at the time .
The boy was transported to the hospital with several broken bones .
The officer involved was treated for eye injuries from shattered glass .
Roosevelt Street and 35th Avenue will be closed for the remainder of the night as police continue their investigation
The Democratic Party and Wall Street
By Barry Grey
1 October 2008
The role of the Democratic Party in promoting the plan devised by the Bush administration and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to bail out Wall Street has exposed the real social interests that this party defends .
From the moment Paulson broached the idea of using at least $ 700 billion in taxpayer funds to buy worthless mortgage - backed securities from the major banks , the Democratic leadership , including the party ’s presidential candidate , Barack Obama , backed the scheme .
They accepted the basic framework of Paulson ’s proposal .
They echoed his claims and those of Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke that immediate legislative action was required to avert an economic catastrophe .
Despite their control of both houses of Congress , the Democrats never advanced their own plan to deal with the financial crisis .
With Wall Street and the entire ideology of American “ free market ” capitalism discredited in the eyes of the American people , and popular opposition to the bailout mounting , the Democrats were in a position , as the nominal opposition party , to demand significant reforms of the banking system .
They could have called for tougher regulation of the banks and punitive measures against the multi-millionaire architects of the financial meltdown .
They did nothing of the kind .
Instead , they took the lead in secret negotiations with Paulson to draw up legislation whose entire purpose was to protect the interests of the most powerful sections of the financial elite , such as the Wall Street giant Goldman Sachs , formerly headed by Paulson .
They insisted that the crisis required a bipartisan response , and that a program to place immense public resources at the disposal of Wall Street , with the most far - reaching implications for the American people , should be excluded from the election campaign and implemented before voters could register their opposition on Election Day .
There is little doubt that the outlines of the scheme Paulson presented to congressional leaders on September 19 had been discussed in advance with the Democratic leadership .
Barney Frank , the Democratic chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , who has led the Democrats in their talks with Paulson , had already publicly called for a government rescue of the banks along the lines of the $ 160 billion bailout of the savings and loan industry carried out in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
The Democratic - backed bill that emerged last weekend from these talks conformed in all essentials to the scheme initially proposed by Paulson .
The supposed improvements included at the insistence of the Democratic negotiators amounted to window dressing aimed at duping the American people into thinking their interests were being protected .
Even the token measures initially called for by some Democrats to aid distressed homeowners were dropped , at the insistence of the banking industry and the Bush administration .
The bill granted Paulson virtually unlimited powers to run the bailout as he saw fit , with no serious provisions for the government to recoup the vast sums it will lose in the purchase and eventual resale of the junk assets .
Perhaps the most extraordinary provision of Paulson ’s proposal , barring any court review of his actions and those of the Wall Street firms he hires to manage the bailout , was largely retained .
The bill that was voted on and defeated in the House of Representatives on Monday bars anyone from challenging the bailout program in court except on grounds of violations of the US Constitution .
The program , its overseers and the banks that participate cannot be sued for violating existing laws — a blatantly unconstitutional restriction that amounts to a blank check for illegality and corruption .
As this provision underscores , the Democratic leadership wants nothing to be enacted that in any way threatens the interests of the most powerful banks and investment firms .
They support the Paulson bailout because they themselves are deeply embedded in the milieu of Wall Street and consider their most critical constituency to be the financial aristocracy and the richest layers of the upper - middle class .
The Democratic Party ’s open alliance with Wall Street reflects the economic evolution of social layers upon which it has long based itself .
The past three decades of boom on Wall Street have immensely enriched sections of the middle class which profited from the growth of financial speculation .
Not a few prominent Democratic politicians embody this process : Jon Corzine , the governor of New Jersey and former senator of the state , who made hundreds of millions of dollars as chairman and co-CEO of Goldman Sachs ; New Jersey Senator Frank Lautenberg , another small businessman who became a multi-millionaire ; and Bill Clinton , who has amassed a personal fortune since leaving office by associating with big players on Wall Street .
This accounts for the utter indifference of the Democratic leadership to the popular opposition to the bailout and the crisis confronting the broad mass of working people .
Leading up to Monday ’s vote in the House , it was apparent that the most serious threat to the bailout bill came from right - wing Republican congressmen , who feared being thrown out of office by angry voters and sought to posture as opponents of Wall Street .
They denounced the measure as an affront to “ free market ” capitalism and demanded instead of a direct use of taxpayer money a government guarantee against banking losses , combined with a frontal assault on social spending and even greater tax breaks for big business .
The negotiations on the bill were dominated by efforts on the part of the Democratic leadership and Paulson to appease the Republican opposition by removing the token housing provisions and adding the insurance scheme , but only as an option to be used at the treasury secretary ’s discretion .
The result was a united front of Wall Street spokesman Paulson , Bush and the Democratic congressional leadership .
In the event , the bill went down to defeat , with 67 percent of House Republicans voting against and 60 percent of Democrats voting in favor .
The vote itself reflected the close ties between the dominant sections of the Democratic Party and Wall Street .
Only three of New York state ’s 23 Democratic congressmen ( 13 percent ) voted against the measure .
All four members of the Black Congressional Caucus from New York voted “ yes . ”
In contrast , 15 of 34 Democrats from California ( 44 percent ) voted against the bill .
This is a measure of the degree to which Democratic legislators in the environs of Wall Street identify with the interests of the financial elite .
It is significant that the media has focused its attention almost entirely on the Republican opponents of the bailout bill , while saying virtually nothing about the 95 Democrats who voted against it .
Though their opposition lacks any principled basis and has been far less aggressive than that of the dissident Republicans , in their statements on the floor of Congress and elsewhere they have adopted a more openly populist tone and highlighted some of the most egregious aspects of the bailout plan .
The media has ignored them because it fears their protests will legitimize and encourage the popular opposition .
In the aftermath of the bill ’s defeat , the Democrats have once again taken the lead in the effort to hold a revote and push the measure through .
Speaking Tuesday at the University of Nevada at Reno , Obama said that he had spoken with Bush , the Democratic majority leader of the Senate , Harry Reid of Nevada , and other leaders about reviving the bailout plan .
Obama stepped up the campaign of fear - mongering in support of the bailout , saying that its defeat would mean that “ thousands of businesses could close around the country , ” and “ millions of jobs could be lost . ”
He added , “ To the Democrats and Republicans who opposed this plan yesterday , I say : Step up to the plate and do what ’s right for this country . ”
Both he and his Republican opponent , John McCain , announced their support for an amendment , pushed by some Republicans who voted against the bill , to raise the federal deposit insurance limit from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 — a further sop to the wealthy that would ultimately be paid for at taxpayer expense .
At the heart of the bailout plan is a drive by the most powerful sections of the financial elite to utilize the economic crisis to effect a reorganization and further consolidation of the banking industry .
In a front - page article headlined “ Industry is Remade in a Wave of Mergers , ” the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday :
“ The notoriously fragmented American banking system is going through a decade ’s worth of consolidation in a matter of weeks , with the US government often acting as matchmaker .
“ At the end of last year , the three lenders that are now the largest in US banking — Bank of American Corp. , JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc.— collectively held 21.4 percent of all US deposits .
Now , with this month ’s government - backed sales of the banking assets of Washington Mutual Inc. to JPMorgan and of Wachovia Corp. to Citigroup , the Big Three instantly have a combined 31.3 percent of US deposits …
“ For customers , it means less choice and the potential for higher fees as the big banks get more pricing power , further pressuring smaller rivals . ”
With the assistance of the government , scores of small and mid-sized banks , and some larger ones , will disappear , and a few banking behemoths will emerge from the crisis with dictatorial power over the economic life of the country .
Whatever their minor tactical differences , both major parties are united in the defense of the financial elite and a bankrupt economic system that is preparing a social catastrophe .
The Socialist Equality Party rejects the entire framework of the bailout plan and the official debate surrounding it — a debate that proceeds entirely from the standpoint of the capitalist system , private ownership and control of the banks , and the subordination of all social needs to the enrichment of a financial oligarchy .
We call for the nationalization of the banks and major financial institutions , without compensation to their executives and big shareholders .
These institutions must be turned into public utilities , controlled democratically by the working people , so that their resources can be used for productive purposes .
These include the creation of jobs , a halt to foreclosures and evictions , the rebuilding of the country ’s infrastructure , and the funding of education , health care and other social programs .
The Wall Street executives who are responsible for the crisis , who enriched themselves by means of financial manipulation and fraud , must be held accountable .
Their assets should be confiscated and they should face criminal prosecution .
The struggle for this program requires a complete break with the Democratic Party and the building of an independent party of the working class , based on a socialist program and the fight to end the political rule of the banks and big business through the formation of a workers ’ government .
This is the program being advanced by the candidates of the Socialist Equality Party in the 2008 elections — Jerry White for president and Bill Van Auken for vice president .
We urge all those who see the need for a socialist alternative to support our election campaign and join the SEP .
To find out more about the SEP campaign , visit www.socialequality.com or contact us .
計算機関係の某教科書を勉強がてら日本語に翻訳しており，できれば出版まで持って行きたい...
という方から私の体験談を求めるメールをいただいたので，その方への返答の抜粋をここに転記してみる．
訳は全て私です ．
残念ながら機械翻訳は全く信頼できません．
（だからといって私の訳が信頼できるとは限りませんが...）
最初は原著 者Graham氏のwebサイトから入手したPDFファイルから
文章を章や段落単位で.texファイルにコピペし，
それを一文ずつ日本語に置き換えてゆく形で進めました．
もちろん，よく分からないところは適当に飛ばしたりしてましたが．
始めたのは私が高校3年だった2002年冬だと思います．
ちなみに殆どの作業は，当時 唯一のPCに入れてたLinux上のgVimで行いました．
（私はこれより前 にVimのヘルプ翻訳をお手伝いしてたこともあるVim派です）
最初 はWindows環境で作業してたんですが，大学に入ってから思い切って
Windowsを消し てLinuxだけにしてしまったので ...
漢字変換 はCannaでしたが，これはあまりお勧めしません．
最初の7章まで終わった後，2chのLisp/Schemeスレに公表してみました．
（大学1年の2003年7月）
そこで勝手な翻訳版公開は原著が公開されてるにしてもまずいんじゃない，と言われて
原著 者Graham氏に許可を願うメールを送りました．
英文メールは初めてだったので緊張しました．
数日後，あっさ り " It 's fine . " とか言われて許可されたので続けました．
章を訳し終わるごとに公開版に反映させ，2chで告知し，それを最終章まで続けました．
大学2年の2004年11月まで，つまり丸2年かかりました．
この辺のことを軽くしゃべったときの資料を一応どうぞ：
なお途中から，（著作権的に怪しいんですが）
原著 をTexinfoにして公開している第三者のサイトを2chで教えていただき，
コピペが楽になりました．
（ Acrobat Readerのコピペは特殊な文字のあたりで文字化けが起きることがたびたび．）
と言う訳で本気で翻訳するなら原著者からTeXソースを貰うのがよいと思います．
紙の本と画面上の訳文を見比べて作業するのは辛いと思いますよ．
翻訳が一応 最後のappendixまで終わってしばらく経つと
口コミで評判が広がったようで，3年に上がる直前の2005年3月，
Common Lisp処理系のベンダである米Franzの日本向け営業の方（日本人）から
一緒に出版社を回って出版に向けて活動しないかとお誘いのメールが届きました．
（オフレコにつき削除）
偶然にも，それとほぼ同時に，（オフレコにつき削除）社編集部の方からも
（オフレコにつき削除）社で出さないかというお誘いのメールが届きました．
（オフレコにつき削除）
それはともか くFranzの方と元々狙っていたのはオーム社と
（オフレコにつき削除）だったので
それら（オフレコにつき削除）社を回りましたが，（オフレコにつき削除）からは断られ，
（オフレコにつき削除）から選ぶことになりました．
そこで私の好みでオーム社を選びました．
技術書の出版社としてかねてより個人的に信頼していたせいもありますが，
編集者の方々自身もプログラミングの経験があるなど
訪ねて話してみて初めて分かったことも理由に含まれます．
その後は.texファイルを章ごとに分けた上でSubversionに登録し
（オーム社に もSubversionサーバはあるんでしょうけど，
私が所属しているサークルUTMCのサーバを使いました）
この過程で，編集部の方に原文をTeXのコメントの形で
.texファイルに埋め込んでいただきました．
（編集部の方の書い たSchemeスクリプトで！）
こうすると作業性が上がるので，原文が手に入るそうすべきです．
関係者のやりとりは全てメールで行いました．
査読者の方々（後述）からのコメントは，
最初は影 舞 BTS を立てて私が1件ずつ登録していたのですが，
プログラムのバグと違って何度も討論するほどではない細かい点が大量に発生したため，
登録の手間の方が一元管理の手間を上回り，途中で放棄しました．
そこから実際に出版されたのは私がM1になった春だったのですが，
3人の査読者の方々につけていただいたコメントが膨大だったためと，
後半は私が卒研で忙殺されていたためと，何より怠惰だったためです．
この辺は他山の石としてください．
お恥ずかしい話ですが卒研の作業＆実験や卒論書き，卒研発表が終わった後も，
卒業単位不足（0.5単位！）をごまかしてもらう固体物理の追レポートの締め切りと，
On Lispの最終締め切りが重なり，泣きながら作業してました．
比喩ではなく泣きながら，です．
（個人情報につき削除）は研究室＆学校の方でどの程度
拘束があるカルチャーなのか存じ上げませんが
学業との両立は大きなポイントです．
査読者は萩谷昌己先生，平岡和幸さん，川合史朗( shiro)さんでした．
萩谷先生からは印刷したものに直接手書きで赤字を入れていただき，
それをオーム社の方でスキャナにかけていただいた画像をSVNに入れ，
手元ではそれを見ていました．
平岡さんからは.texへのdiffをメールでいただきました．
平岡さんからのコメントはとてもたくさんあったので，
結局 最後まで取り込みきれなかった点も残っています．
shiroさんは平岡さんからのコメントのうち，
ちょっと突っ込んだ話に対し詳しいコメントをいただく感じでした．
皆さんそれぞれに異なる背景の方々からコメントをいただけたのは
非常に有益だったと思っています．
そんな訳 でWeb公開している版と出版された版はかなり異なっています．
と言うかweb版は 「草稿」でしかないですね．
おかしな訳が大量にあります．
それらを査読者の方々からのコメントを元につぶしたのと，
私も訳を始めてから2，3年経って成長したので，訳し直した箇所もあります．
ただし本当は前半の未熟な訳を全部訳し直したかったのですが，時間切れでした．
編集部でメインの担当となっていただいた方のブログ：
（オフレコにつき削除）
Excellent article by Dr. Malcom Hatfield , M.D. on the deadly Racine County Family Court in Wisconsin .
A very appropriate recommendation of Alec Baldwin's A Promise to Ourselves .
A team of scientists from the United States and China announced last week that , for the first time , they had found a means of selectively and safely erasing memories in mice , using the signaling molecule ?
CaMKII .
It 's a big step forward , and one that will be of considerable interest to the military , which has devoted efforts to memory manipulation as a means of treating post - traumatic stress disorder .
But some military research has moved in another direction entirely .
In the 1980s , researchers found that even low - level exposure to a beam of electronscaused rats to forget what had just happened to them ( an effect known as retrograde amnesia — the other version , anteretrograde amnesia , is when you can't form new memories ) .
The same effect was also achieved with X - rays .
The time factor was not large — it only caused memory loss about the previous four seconds — but the effect was intriguing .
One theory was that the amnesia was a result of the brilliant flash experienced when the electron beam struck the retina .
And , indeed , it turned out that it is possible to produce amnesia in rodents using a flash of light :
Retrograde amnesia was demonstrated for the 80- , 85 - , and 100 - V foot - shock test trials .
At 40 V the voltage may not have been great enough to be felt by the subject .
For groups examined at shock levels above 100 V , the foot shock was so potent that a photoflash was ineffective in producing RA .
Our conclusion was that the photoflash was an effective amnesiac until the intensity of the foot shock became more potent than the photoflash ; this is consistent with the recency theory generated in serial learning and memory tasks .
This might help explain some of the disorienting effects of strobe lights used as nonlethal weapons , but there seems to have been little further research on this .
However , there have been plenty of studies on the physical effects of radio and microwave exposure on the brain .
Many of those investigations have been conducted by the military .
The Air Force Research Laboratory 's Human Effectiveness Directorate has carried out its own experiments in this area , which did not confirm the results of earlier studies suggesting that microwaves could cause memory loss .
( The report is now removed from the AFRL website , alas . )
Most scientists chalk up such effects to heating .
But the Directed Energy Bioeffects division continues to research the human effects of various forms of radiation .
What 's more , a 2003 paper on microwave effects on the nervous system , from a team that includes Navy and Air Force scientists , states that
" research with isolated brain tissue has provided new results that do not seem to rely on thermal mechanisms . "
It is hard to assess the real effect on working memory and other brain functions , they add .
*" The many exposure parameters such as frequency , orientation , modulation , power density , and duration of exposure make direct comparison of many experiments difficult … .
It is concluded that the diverse methods and experimental designs as well as lack of replication of many seemingly important studies prevents formation of definite conclusions concerning hazardous nervous system health effects from RF [ radio frequency ] exposure . " *
Still , it ’s interesting to see that the notes for a classified course run by the Directed Energy Professionals Society ( the people who build laser and microwave weapons ) include " memory loss " as a potential effect of such devices .
I doubt whether they have a functioning Men In Black - style
" Neuralizer . "
But as memory research continues to advance , it certainly starts to look like more of a possibility .
[ Photo : Columbia Pictures ]
Today is a good day for awesome images .
Check out M86 and NGC 4438 :
These two galaxies lie in the Virgo Cluster , a city of galaxies about 50 million light years away .
Life is crowded in the cluster , and collisions between galaxies are common .
Now , that line sounds pretty mundane , but think about it : entire galaxies collide !
They slam into each other at hundreds of kilometers per second !
Billions of stars interact gravitationally !
Gas clouds impact creating cosmic fireworks on an epic scale !
AIIIIEEEE !!!!!!
Phew .
OK .
That 's outta my system now .
So we see galaxy collisions all the time , but sometimes the evidence is weak .
NGC 4438 is the galaxy on the left , and it's all twisty and distorted .
M86 is a more normal looking elliptical .
But looking at the gas content of M86 has indicated something is going on ; it 's heated up pretty well , and distorted .
But it was n't until now we could see why .
That image above is from a 4 meter telescope in Arizona .
It has a camera that allows it to collect a lot of light over a big area of the sky .
When a filter was used that isolates warm hydrogen gas , astronomers found these tendrils connecting the two galaxies .
Those tentacles are the shrapnel of the impact , streamed out in the aftermath of the collision ... and the galaxies are now 400,000 light years apart .
That 's four times the size of our Milky Way .
The sciencey part of this is that they looked for new stars being born in those filaments ; that 's common after collisions .
However , there are n't any !
The collision happened at such high speed that the gas got really hot , and could n't condense to form stars .
That has implications for the galaxies themselves .
It 's been something of a mystery as to why elliptical galaxies stopped forming stars early in their lives .
It 's thought the central supermassive black hole in the center of every galaxy plays a part ; as the black hole feeds on matter it blows off a huge wind , blowing out the galaxy 's gas and cutting off star formation .
But now we see that collisions may play a role as well , heating up the galaxy 's gas and preventing it from making stars .
It 's hard to say how much each process contributes ; early in a galaxy 's life it has n't had much time to collide with others , so maybe this becomes important later .
And spirals have those black holes too , yet stars still form in them .
Obviously , there 's a lot of complicated stuff going on .
Either way , with these new detectors we can look deep into the goings - on of nearby galaxy clusters and learn more about them .
And there 's a lot to learn !
I 'll note that Virgo is the nearest big cluster , and M86 is visible easily in binoculars , yet here 's something new and surprising to discover about it .
Oh , and that edge - on spiral in the lower right ?
That 's NGC 4388 , which was once thought to be associated somehow with M86 .
But the filaments seen emanating from it are really high velocity , so something else may be going on there as well .
In a couple of billion years , our Milky Way galaxy will collide with Andromeda in a pretty decently ginormous event .
They 'll pass through each other , but then fall back again .
Over the course of about five billion more years , and a handful of passes , the two will merge into one massive galaxy .
What will happen to us then ?
Will the Sun fall toward our own central black hole ?
Or will we get ejected from the galaxy , flung out into intergalactic space ?
We do n't know .
But I know where you can find out more info ...
Chapter 8 . Mwuhahahahahaha !
Image credit : Tomer Tal and Jeffrey Kenney / Yale University and NOAO / AURA / NSF
Psychology Today journalist Matthew Hutson covers some fascinating experiments just published in this week ’s Science that found that reducing participants ’ control increase the tendency for magical thinking and the perception of illusory meaning in random or patternless visual scenes .
Hutson covers all six experiments , but here ’s a sample from his article which should give you the general idea :
In the fourth study , people who recalled a situation where they lacked control were more likely to see nonexistent images in snowy pictures and were also more likely to suspect conspiracies in ambiguous vignettes .
( In one story , three local construction companies raise their prices after their owners all spend the same weekend at one bed and breakfast .
In another , the protagonist was denied a promotion right after his boss and a workmate exchanged a flurry of emails . )
The fifth experiment showed that describing the stock market as volatile ( versus stable ) renders people more likely to spot false correlations in reports on company financials ‚Äîand then make stock investments based on their unfounded conclusions .
Finally , the sixth study showed that feeling good about yourself reduces the frantic grasping for straws .
There were three groups .
One group recalled not having control , another recalled not having control and then performed a self - affirmation task , and a third group did neither .
The first group saw more figures in snowy pictures and perceived more conspiracies than the other groups did .
Apparently , increasing self - esteem fosters a sense of control over one ’s life and reduces the need to seek additional stability in random noise .
Two of the ‘ snowy pictures ’ are shown on the right .
The one on the top is completely random , the other has an embedded picture .
This is particularly interesting to me , because one of my own studies I completed with some colleagues in Cardiff also involved getting participants to perceive images in random visual patterns .
We did something a little different though , in that we did n’t have any hidden images , so every time someone saw something we knew it was illusory .
However , we also managed to alter how often people saw the images , but we used electromagnets ( a technique called TMS ) to alter the function of the temporal lobes which have been previously thought to be involved in the magical thinking spectrum – from everyday examples to diagnosable psychosis .
This study was inspired by an earlier study by neuroscientist Peter Brugger , who found that people who professed a belief in ESP ( ‘ telepathy ’ ) were more likely to see meaningful patterns in visual noise than those that did n’t .
Both the new study and our study are interesting because they show how this type of magical thinking can be manipulated .
However , this new study takes it to a whole new level because it involves a whole range of magical thinking tests ( not just the ‘ snowy patterns ’ ) and shows how a number they are subject to the tides of emotion and feelings of being in control .
Link to Hutson ’s excellent write - up .
Link to study in Science .
Link to DOI entry for same .
NASHVILLE , Tennessee ( CNN ) --
A new national poll suggests Barack Obama is widening his lead over John McCain in the race for the White House .
Sen. Barack Obama leads Sen. John McCain by 8 points , according to CNN 's latest poll .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll out Monday afternoon suggests that the country 's financial crisis , record low approval ratings for President Bush and a drop in the public 's perception of McCain 's running mate could be contributing to Obama 's gains .
Fifty - three percent of likely voters questioned in the poll say they are backing Obama for president , with 45 percent supporting McCain .
That 8 - point lead is double the 4 - point lead Obama held in the last CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll , taken in mid-September .
Watch why the economy is hurting McCain
Monday evening 's CNN national Poll of Polls -- incorporating our new CNN survey , as well as new tracking numbers from Gallup and Hotline taken October 3 - 5 -- shows Obama leading McCain by 6 points -- at 49 to 43 percent .
President Bush may be part of the reason why Obama 's making gains .
Only 24 percent of those polled approve of Bush 's job as president , an all - time low for a CNN survey .
See the latest polling
" Bush has now tied Richard Nixon 's worst rating ever , taken in a poll just before he resigned in 1974 , and is only 2 points higher than the worst presidential approval rating in history , Harry Truman 's 22 percent mark in February 1952 , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
Presidential Debate Nashville is the battleground as the candidates face off in their second debate .
Do n’t miss a minute of the action !
Tonight , 9 p.m. ET see full schedule »
And that 's bad news for McCain , because the poll suggests a growing number of Americans believe the Republican presidential nominee would have the same policies as the current Republican president .
Fifty - six percent say McCain 's policies would be the same as Bush , up from 50 percent a month ago .
The financial crisis also appears to be contributing to Obama 's increased lead in the poll .
Sixty - eight percent are confident in the Democratic presidential nominee 's ability to handle the financial crisis , 18 points ahead of McCain , and 42 points ahead of Bush .
More Americans appear to have an unfavorable view of Gov. Sarah Palin , and that may also be helping Obama in the fight for the presidency .
Forty percent now have an unfavorable view of Palin , up from 27 percent a month ago and from 21 percent in late August , when McCain surprised many people by picking the first - term Alaska governor as his running mate .
" A majority of Americans now believe that Sarah Palin would be unqualified to serve as president if it became necessary , and her unfavorable rating has doubled , " Holland said .
Another hurdle for the Arizona senator is expectations .
Six in 10 questioned in the poll predict that Obama will win the November election .
iReport.com :
Are you in a battleground state ?
The poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , just after President Bush signed the $ 700 billion federal bailout into law .
By a 53 percent to 46 percent margin , Americans oppose the bill .
" One in five might have supported a different bill , but one in three believe that the government should have stayed out of the crisis completely and let the markets attempt to recover on their own .
" A majority think that the bailout package will not prevent the economy from going into a deep and prolonged recession -- but they turn thumbs - down to another bailout package if this one does not work .
Only one in five would support more assistance beyond Friday 's $ 700 billion package , " Holland said .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted by telephone on October 3 - 5 .
The survey questioned 1,006 people .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .
The Poll of Polls does not have a sampling error .
All About U.S. Presidential Election
What 's not to love about a machine that can chew up a Camry and spit it out as metal confetti in less than two minutes ?
The largest mega- shredder ever — located in Newport , Wales — can digest 450 cars an hour .
At its heart is a 9,200 - hp motor driving a gauntlet of rollers and hammers that swallow 3,000 tons of metal a day .
All that scrap gets shipped to steelworks , where it 's reincarnated as SUVs or stoves or shopping carts .
The recycling operation saves enough energy in steel production to power about 82,000 UK households .
Here 's how the breakdown process breaks down .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Scan Some 4,000 trucks and 200 railcars deliver vehicles and other metal objects to the shredder each month .
At the entrance , each load passes through a series of RadComm RC2000 scanners to check for radioactivity .
Dismantle Workers remove tires , batteries , plastic bumpers , and catalytic converters by hand and deploy airbags with remote - control detonators .
Drain
The vehicles are then raised on a hydraulic lift and manually drained of oil and engine coolant .
Workers puncture the gas tank with a brass - tipped punch ( spark - resistant ! ) to empty it of fuel .
Shred Twenty half - ton hammers , attached to an axle spinning at around 425 rpm , pulverize the flattened metal into softball - sized bits .
Flatten
At the end of the belt , the cars are fed between two 10 - foot - wide ribbed steel rollers that crush and flatten the bodies .
Deliver A crane places the stripped carcasses onto a 144 - foot inclined conveyor belt , which carries them up to the mouth of the shredder .
Sort Nine - foot - wide drum magnets grab the steel , while centrifugal fans weed out foam , cloth , and rubber .
An alternating magnetic field kicks nonferrous metals out of the debris .
Pick
The steel scrap continues along to the picking shed , where workers remove any remaining nonferrous metals ( mainly copper wiring wrapped around electric motor armatures ) .
Ship Small cranes load railcars and trucks , while a massive 600 - ton gantry crane fills cargo ships — some with 30,000 - ton capacities — bound for steelworks around the world .
Illustration : Thomas Porostocky
Becca Compton ( photo )
click to enlarge Mr. Edless
I 'll write you a pattern you can't refuse .
by Becca Compton Suggested Viewing The Godfather ( 1972 , rated R ) Difficulty Strong Intermediate
Click here for definitions of difficulty levels .
Finished Measurements 18 " ( 45.7 cm ) from nose to neck , and 20 " ( 50.8 cm ) around , not counting the ears .
Materials Red Heart Super Saver [ 100 % Acrylic ; 7oz /364yd per skein ] # 0365 Coffee , 1 skein
Caron Simply Soft [ 100 % Acrylic ; 3 oz /165yd per skein ] # 2661 Victorian Rose , 1 skein
Caron Simply Soft [ 100 % Acrylic ; 3 oz /165yd per skein ] # 2622 Plum Wine , 1 skein
Caron Simply Soft [ 100 % Acrylic ; 3 oz /165yd per skein ] # 2601
White , 1 skein
Caron Simply Soft [ 100 % Acrylic ; 3 oz /165yd per skein ] # 2680 Black , 1 skein
Lion Brand Wool - Ease Worsted [ 80 % Acrylic / 20 % Wool ; 3oz /197yd per skein ] # 260-138
Cranberry , 1 skein
Two US Size 4 ( 3.5 mm ) 32 " circular needles
US Size 4 ( 3.5 mm ) DPNs
Stitch markers
Fiberfill
Tapestry needle Gauge 19.5 sts x 29 rows = 4 " in stockinette ( in the round ) Design Notes
This pattern begins at the edges of the mouth .
The upper and lower jaws are worked flat and then joined .
The remainder of the head is worked in the round on two circular needles .
If you would prefer to work the pattern on DPNs or with one circular needle then use two stitch markers to note the top and bottom jaw sections .
Save your yarn tails and use them for stuffing small parts like the eyes and ears .
Skills used in this project :
Short rows , knit in the round on two circular needles , magic loop , embroidery , lots of seaming , and the three needle bind - off .
Special stitches :
w&t  Wrap & Turn ( RS )
With the yarn in front of work , slip the next stitch on the left hand needle to the right needle , wrap the yarn from front to back , replace the slipped stitch on the left hand needle , turn work .
( WS ) With the yarn in back of work , slip the next stitch on the left hand needle to the right needle , wrap the yarn from back to front , replace the slipped stitch on the left hand needle , turn work .
Ssptbl 
Slip the next two stitches knitwise , place the stitches back on the left needle one by one , bring the yarn to the front of the work and purl the stitches through the back loop .
S2 kp 
Slip two stitches as if to k2tog , knit the next stitch , pass the slipped stitches over .
Becca Compton ( photo )
click image to enlarge Directions Lower Jaw : Using brown yarn , CO 18 sts onto circular needle .
Do not join , but work flat .
Row 1 ( WS ) : p14 , w&t
Row 2 ( RS ) : k10 , w&t
Row 3 : p8 , w&t
Row 4 : k6 , w&t
Row 5 : p4 , w&t
Row 6 : k2 , w&t
Row 7 : purl across 8 sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 8 : knit across 14 sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 9 : p12 , w&t
Row 10 : k10 , w&t
Row 11 : p8 , w&t
Row 12 : k6 , w&t
Row 13 : p4 , w&t
Row 14 : k2 , w&t
Row 15 : purl across remaining sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , pick up 1 st at corner from cast on edge ( 19 sts )
Row 16 : knit across remaining sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , pick up 1 st at corner from cast on edge ( 20 sts )
Knit in
St st for 25 rows .
Next row : k1 , m1 , k18 , m1 , k1
Cut yarn and leave live sts on needle for now .
Upper Jaw : Using brown yarn , CO 24 sts onto second circular needle .
Do not join , but work flat .
Row 1 ( WS ) : p18 , w&t
Row 2 ( RS ) : k12 , w&t
Row 3 : p10 , w&t
Row 4 : k8 , w&t
Row 5 : p6 , w&t
Row 6 : k4 , w&t
Row 7 : purl across 10 sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 8 : knit across 16 sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 9 : p14 , w&t
Row 10 : k12 , w&t
Row 11 : p10 , w&t
Row 12 : k8 , w&t
Row 13 : p6 , w&t
Row 14 : k4 , w&t
Row 15 : purl across 12 sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 16 : knit across 20 sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 17 : p18 , w&t
Row 18 : k16 , w&t
Row 19 : p14 , w&t
Row 20 : k12 , w&t
Row 21 : p10 , w&t
Row 22 : k8 , w&t
Row 23 : purl across remaining sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , pick up 1 st at corner from cast on edge ( 25 sts )
Row 24 : knit across remaining sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , pick up 1 st at corner from cast on edge ( 26 sts )
Row 25 : purl
Row 26 : k8 , k1 p1 k1 p1 k1 p1 into next stitch ( 1 to 6 st increase ) , k8 , k1 p1 k1 p1 k1 p1 into next stitch , k8
Row 27 : p8 , k6 , p8 , k6 , p8
Row 28 : k8 , p6 , k8 , p6 , k8
Work in established pattern for nine more rows , ending on a WS row .
Row 38 : k8 , p3 , fold left and right needles together ( right side facing ) and using three needle bind off , BO 3 sts , unfold needles and place stitch left on third needle onto right hand needle , k8 , p3 , fold left and right needles together and using third needle BO 3 sts , unfold needles and place stitch on third needle onto right hand needle , k8 ( 26 sts )
Row 39 : purl
Row 40 : knit
Row 41 : p10 , pick up loop from top corner of nostril bound off stitches and p2tog with next stitch , p4 , pick up loop from top corner of nostril bound off stitches and p2tog with next stitch , p10
Row 42 : k1 , m1 , knit across to second to last stitch , m1 , k1 ( 28 sts )
Row 43 : purl
Row 44 : knit
Row 45 : purl
Row 46 : knit across upper jaw to last stitch , join to lower jaw by ssk last stitch from upper jaw with first stitch from lower jaw , using second circular needle knit across lower jaw to last stitch , using first needle join lower jaw to upper jaw by k2tog the last stitch from lower jaw with the first stitch from the upper jaw .
You will now be knitting in the round .
( 28 sts upper needle / 20 sts lower needle ) Head : Work in St st for 1 " ( approx . 8 rows )
You will now begin increasing one stitch , four stitches in from each side of the lower jaw needle on every other round , like so :
Rnd 1 : k28 on upper needle , then k4 , m1 , k12 , m1 , k4 on lower needle
Rnd 2 : knit
Rnd 3 : k28 on upper needle , then k4 , m1 , k14 , m1 , k4 on lower needle
Rnd 4 : knit
Repeat until there are 40 sts on lower needle , ending on an odd round .
Next rnd : m1 , * k5 , m1 * eight times on lower needle , k 28 on upper needle ( 28 sts upper needle / 49 sts lower needle )
Work in St st for 4 " ( approx. 30 rows )
Next rnd : k2tog , * k4 , k2tog * seven times , k3 , k2tog on lower needle , k 28 on upper needle ( 28 sts upper needle / 40 sts lower needle ) Neck
You will now work short rows on the upper needle to create the neck curve .
Row 1 : k20 , w&t
Row 2 : p12 , w&t
Row 3 : k10 , w&t
Row 4 : p8 , w&t
Row 5 : knit across 12 sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 6 : purl across 16 sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 7 : k14 , w&t
Row 8 : p12 , w&t
Row 9 : k10 , w&t
Row 10 : p8 , w&t
Row 11 : knit across 14 sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 12 : purl across 20 sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , w&t
Row 13 : k18 , w&t
Row 14 : p16 , w&t
Row 15 : k14 , w&t
Row 16 : p12 , w&t
Row 17 : knit across the remaining sts picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts , turn work
Row 18 : purl across the remaining sts picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts , turn work
You will now resume working in the round by ssk at beginning and k2tog at end of lower needle to rejoin ( as you did to join the upper and lower jaw ) ( 28 sts upper needle / 38 sts lower needle )
Work in St st for 2 " ( approx . 15 rows )
Place marker every 11 sts .
Inc Rnd : * knit to marker , m1 * repeat to end of rnd
Repeat inc rnd every fifth rnd 5 times ( 96 sts )
Knit four rnds
Purl one rnd ( for turning hem )
Knit two rnds
BO 20sts , and move the remaining 76 stitches onto one needle .
Lips
You will now pick up stitches around the cast on edges / sides of upper and lower jaw , and knit a hemmed edge .
There are small points on the jaws from where you joined the short rows , pick up stitches further into the fabric so that these points are hidden inside the hemmed edge .
Pick up 1 st from corner of mouth , place marker ( pm ) , pick up 55 sts along top of mouth , pm , pick up 1 st from corner of mouth , pm , pick up 50 sts along bottom of mouth , pm ( 107 sts )
Rnd 1 : knit
Rnd 2 : k1 , slip marker ( sl m ) , k2tog , knit to two sts before marker , ssk , sl m , k1 , sl m , k2tog , knit to two sts before marker , ssk , sl m
Rnd 3 : knit
Rnd 4 : k1 , sl m , k2tog , knit to two sts before marker , ssk , sl m , k1 , sl m , k2tog , knit to two sts before marker , ssk , sl m
Rnd 5 : purl
Rnd 6 : k1 , sl m , m1 , knit to marker , m1 , sl m , k1 , sl m , m1 , knit to marker , m1 , sl m
Rnd 7 : knit
Rnd 8 : k1 , sl m , m1 , knit to marker , m1 , sl m , k1 , sl m , m1 , knit to marker , m1 , sl m .
Rnd 9 : knit
BO all sts .
You can either sew this hemmed edge down now or later when the mouth is sewn in .
Mouth Using lighter pink yarn , CO 10 sts .
Working in
St st , inc 1 st each end of every RS row until there are 20 sts .
Knit until piece measures 5 " .
On the next RS row increase 4 sts evenly across row .
Knit until pieces measures 8.5 " .
Decrease 1 st on each end of every RS row until 14 sts remain .
BO all sts .
Sew in mouth along the bind off of the hemmed lips ( not the turning row ) .
You should also sew the bottom of the nostrils closed at this time .
Teeth ( Make two : one upper and one lower . )
Using white yarn , CO 24 ( 28 for lower ) sts .
Knit in
St st for 8 rows .
BO all Stitches .
Using 2 plies of black yarn embellish to demarcate teeth .
Fold over piece WS out and sew up side edges .
Turn RS out , and sew onto mouth .
Tongue Using darker pink yarn , CO 24 sts , join and work in the round .
Knit in St st for 4.5 " .
Next Rnd : k2tog , k8 , ssk , k2tog , k8 , ssk ( 20 sts )
Next Rnd : knit
Next Rnd : k2tog , k6 , ssk , k2tog , k6 , ssk ( 16 sts )
Next Rnd : knit
Next Rnd : k2tog , k4 , ssk , k2tog , k4 , ssk ( 12 sts )
Next Rnd : knit
Next Rnd : k2tog , k2 , ssk , k2tog , k2 , ssk ( 8 sts )
Fold tongue inside out .
Cut yarn leaving a long tail and perform 3 - needle BO of all sts .
Turn right side out and sew a line up the middle of the tongue to keep it flat .
Sew tongue inside mouth .
Becca Compton ( photo )
click image to enlarge Eyes : ( Make two . )
Note :
If you know how , it would probably be easier to crochet two flat circles 1.5 " in diameter .
Using black yarn , CO 3 sts .
Row 1 ( WS ) : p1 , m1 purlwise , p1 , m1 purlwise , p1 ( 5 sts )
Row 2 ( RS ) : k1 , m1 , k3 , m1 , k1 ( 7 sts )
Row 3 : p1 , m1 purlwise , p5 , m1 purlwise , p1 ( 9 sts )
Row 4 : knit
Row 5 : purl
Row 6 : knit
Row 7 : purl
Row 8 : k2tog , k5 , ssk ( 7 sts )
Row 9 : ssptbl , p3 , p2tog ( 5 sts )
Row 10 : k2tog , k1 , ssk ( 3 sts )
BO all sts .
( Optional  use a piece of white yarn to put a glint in the glassy eye ) .
Eye Ridge : ( Make two . )
Using brown yarn , CO 12 sts .
Row 1 ( WS ) : purl
Row 2 ( RS ) : k1 , m1 , k10 , m1 , k1 .
Row 3 : purl
Row 4 : k12 , w&t
Row 5 : p10 , w&t
Row 6 : k8 , w&t
Row 7 : p6 , w&t
Row 8 : k4 , w&t
Row 9 : p2 , w&t
Row 10 : knit across row picking up the wraps and k2tog them with their paired sts .
Row 11 : purl across row picking up the wraps and ssptbl them with their paired sts .
BO all sts .
Sew eye ridge around top of eye , and then sew onto head ( stuff lightly ) .
At this point , it may help to partially stuff the head to position eyes and ears correctly .
I slipped a piece of scrap paper inside the head where I was sewing down pieces to prevent the stuffing from being caught in the stitches .
Outer Ear : ( Make two . )
Using brown yarn , CO 24 sts .
Knit in
St st for 15 rows , ending with a WS row .
Next Row : k1 , k2tog , knit to last three sts , ssk , k1 ( 22 sts )
Next Row : purl
Repeat the last two rows five more times ending on a dec row ( 12 sts )
Next Row : p1 , ssptbl , p6 , p2tog , p1 ( 10 sts )
Next Row : k1 , k2tog , k4 , ssk , k1 ( 8 sts )
Next Row : p1 , ssptbl , p6 , p2tog , p1 ( 6 sts )
Next Row : k1 , k2tog , ssk , k1 ( 4 sts )
BO all sts .
Inner Ear : ( Make two . )
Using darker pink yarn , CO 12 sts .
Knit in
St st for 21 rows .
Next Row : k1 , k2tog , k6 , ssk , k1 ( 10 sts )
Next Row : p1 , ssptbl , p4 , p2tog , p1 ( 8 sts )
Next Row : k1 , k2tog , k2 , ssk , k1 ( 6 sts )
Next Row : p1 , ssptbl , p2tog , p1 ( 4 sts )
BO all sts .
Sew the inner ear inside the outer ear .
Because the inner ear is shorter than the outer ear , you will sew the outer ear to itself at the top , and flat across the BO sts .
Fold the pink inner ear inside the outer brown , and whipstitch the brown ear together for an inch at the bottom .
Stuff lightly and sew onto head .
Becca Compton ( photo )
click image to enlarge Severed Neck : Using the red yarn , CO 20 sts .
You will now be returning to the 76 sts of the neck edge and changing color as well as finishing the hemmed edge .
Pick up a purl bump from two rounds below the turning round and place it on the left hand needle .
Using the red yarn knit the stitch just picked up together with the next stitch on the left hand needle .
Note : I always have a difficult time figuring out which row the purl bump I need is from , so before I started this round I ran a piece of embroidery thread through all the bumps I would be picking up .
Repeat around the edge . ( 96 sts )
Join and work in the round ( either using one circular and magic loop or splitting the stitches up onto two circulars ) .
Knit two rounds , on second round place a marker every 16 sts .
Dec Rnd : * knit to two stitches before marker , k2tog * to end of rnd
Next Rnd : knit
Repeat last two rows until 54 sts remain , then work the decrease round for every round .
When 6 sts remain , cut yarn and using tapestry needle pull yarn through all stitches and then to the inside of neck .
Vertebrae : Using white yarn , CO 28 sts , join and work in the round .
Rnds 1 - 10 : knit
Rnd 11 : purl
Rnd 12 : knit
Rnd 13 : Switch to red yarn and knit all sts
Rnd 14 : * k2tog , k3 , ssk* to end of rnd ( 20 sts )
Rnd 15 : knit
Rnd 16 : * k2tog , k1 , ssk* to end of rnd ( 12 sts )
Rnd 17 : knit
Rnd 18 : s2 kp four times ( 4 sts )
Cut yarn and using tapestry needle pull yarn through all stitches and then to the inside of piece .
Stuff and sew to severed neck edge .
Esophagus / Trachea : ( Make two . )
Using the light pink yarn , CO 24 sts , join and work in the round .
Rnds 1 - 3 : knit
Rnd 4 : purl
Rnds 5 - 7 : knit
BO all sts .
Fold cast on edge to inside , and sew both edges together .
Sew to severed neck edge .
Becca Compton ( photo )
click image to enlarge Finishing : Stuff head , and sew gap at severed neck edge .
Weave in ends .
Cut 60 12 " pieces of black yarn for the mane .
Fold length of yarn in half and using crochet hook knot yarn into 2 lines along back of head .
About contact Becca : • http://knit-fink.livejournal.com/
• legal info
Edited by Anthony Ascione , Edith Cummings , and Zabet Stewart .
